Villeneuve Doubts Vandoorne 's F1 Ambitions
Rahul Venkat FOLLOW TOP CONTRIBUTOR Feature 54 // 04 Jul 2018 , 19:41 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Jacques Villeneuve has always been outspoken about their opinions as evidenced by their criticism of Max Verstappen earlier this year . Now it is the turn of McLaren 's Stoffel Vandoorne to be questioned on their F1 ambitions .
Their performances this season for the team have left a lot to be desired and when asked about it by Belgian broadcaster RTBF , Villeneuve said , “ It is complicated . Their first grand prix was interesting but there was n't the next step . ”
“ I do n't know if it is because there are political complications with Alonso or perhaps they are just happy to have reached F1 and that is enough for him ” , the Canadian scathingly commented .
But their own ex-team boss , Eric Boullier was more positive about the Belgian . “ Stoffel is doing a good job , working hard , developing and having results that are comparable to Fernando [ Alonso ] ” , stated Boullier .
Eric Boullier Quits Mclaren as Gil De Ferran takes over as the race director
“ We want them to continue to work hard as they have ” , added the Finn . Asked about the possibility of academy driver , Lando Norris graduating to a race seat for the 2019 F1 season , they chose not to answer it .
“ I do not answer questions that contain the word ‘ if ' ” , they said sheepishly .
Vandoorne in action
Vandoorne had a terrific record in the junior categories , with them winning both the now scrapped GP2 and GP3 series . They made their F1 debut with McLaren in 2016 as a substitute for regular driver , Alonso .
They were promoted to a permanent seat last year and showed early signs of promise but that has somehow fizzled out this year . Their older teammate has been consistently the better driver for the team , out-qualifying them in almost every race .
In the latest race in Austria , Vandoorne failed to finish after an incident at Turn 3 while teammate Alonso finished 8th in the grid , despite starting from the pitlane due to a front-wing and MGU-K unit change .
Dow Drops 666 Points In Sharp Sell-Off
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Updated at 6:01 p.m . ET
Major stock indexes dropped sharply Friday , with the Dow Jones industrial average tumbling 666 points amid signs that wage growth is finally picking up .
The 2.6 percent drop in the Dow came as the Labor Department reported that 200,000 jobs were added to the economy last month , which was stronger than expected , and the unemployment rate stayed at 4.1 percent — the lowest since 2000 .
But worries about inflation grew when the report showed that average hourly wages grew 2.9 percent from a year ago — the largest increase since June 2009 . Yields for 10-year Treasurys hit four-year highs Friday .
Loading ...
All this sets the stage for the Federal Reserve to continue raising interest rates , with the next hike expected in March . That would make credit cards , car loans and mortgages more expensive .
The Dow closed at 25,520.96 , and Friday 's 666-point drop was the sixth-worst ever . The index is still up more than 3 percent since the year began . But with a loss of about more than 1,000 points since Monday , it was the blue chip index 's worst weekly performance in two years .
Among the stocks in the Dow , Apple fell 4.3 percent Friday , Exxon Mobil lost 5.1 percent , Chevron was down nearly 6 percent and Goldman Sachs dropped 4.5 percent .
Other major stock indexes fell about 2 percent Friday . The broader S & P 500 slid 60 points , to 2,762.13 ; the Nasdaq index lost 145 points , closing at 7,240.95 .
Carl Tannenbaum , chief economist at Northern Trust , says Friday 's employment report shows the economy continues to have a lot of energy .
The higher wage growth and potentially higher inflation `` might then lead the Federal Reserve to raise their interest rates more rapidly than the market is comfortable with , '' they told NPR 's John Ydstie .
Loading ...
NPR 's Jim Zarroli reports that the wage gains have investors wondering `` are we going too fast ? Are we going to see more inflation ? ... Then you have these big tax cuts taking effect , which means people could be spending more . The government 's going to have to borrow more — what 's that going to mean ? ''
But , they say , `` The stock market was really due to come down anyway . We have these corrections . They 're normal . You ca n't have stocks rising at these levels all the time . ''
HALIFAX — A Nova Scotia judge has allowed a Halifax-area father unsupervised parenting time with their child , despite a mother 's objections over their `` unorthodox beliefs '' on white pride and other racial matters .
In their decision , Justice Carole Beaton of the provincial supreme court 's Family Division says it 's in the six-year-old 's best interest to have contact with the father .
But they say the father is not to engage in discussions in the child 's presence that would expose their controversial political , historical and world views .
Beaton says that father clarified on cross-examination that they are not a white supremacist but rather an Asian supremacist with unorthodox views on `` white European pride . ''
SPRINGFIELD - A 25-year-old motorcycle operator from Chicopee has died following a collision with a car late Sunday in the city 's North End , according to Springfield police .
The name of the man is not being disclosed to the press pending notification of their family , according to Springfield Police spokesperson Sgt . John Delaney .
Delaney said the crash occurred shortly before 11:30 p.m. at the intersection of Dwight and Carew streets .
The motorcycle operator was rushed to Baystate Medical Center by ambulance . They were pronounced dead at the hospital .
Delaney said the crash is being investigated by Officer Robert Kalin of the traffic fatality squad .
The preliminary investigation shows the motorcycle was heading south on Dwight when it collided with a 2008 Saturn sedan driven by a 20-year-old Springfield man .
The crash remains under investigation and no charges have been filed as yet , Delaney said .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Love Island 's Malin Andersson has undergone £7,000 worth of surgery to look good on their social media channels .
The 24-year-old reality star has undergone a boob lift , bum lift and liposuction to sculpt their dream body and boost their confidence online .
And she 's planning more surgery to further perk up their rear end , and a procedure to eliminate their “ bingo wings ” down the line .
“ If you look at my Instagram , there are no pictures with my boobs out or bikini shots . I absolutely hated them - even selfies in the mirror , ” they told Heat magazine .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
“ I used to wear baggy jumpers , but now I can wear everything tight . I 'll be like , ‘ Damn ! ” and now I 'm taking selfies left , right and centre .
“ I 'm 24 years old - why should I be covering myself up all the time because I 'm self conscious about my body ? ”
Malin added that they wo n't go overboard with surgery - and will never touch them face .
“ I know when to stop , ” they insisted . “ I would n't ever touch my face - I 've had a bit of lip filler and that 's it . My body is something I 've always wanted to fix , so I 'm happy I 've had it done . ”
Malin showed off their newfound body confidence by sharing an Instagram video overnight showing them in a sexy blue swimsuit while on holiday with friends .
( Photo : FameFlynet )
Malin found fame on last summer 's Love Island , where they hooked up with Terry Walsh - but was then forced to leave them behind after a shock elimination sent them home .
Back in the UK , they then had to watch Terry getting together with island newcomer Emma Jane Woodhams despite thinking he 'd stay faithful to them
`` So I 'm single , '' Malin then announced on Twitter .
`` I 'll let you all know how I feel tomorrow and my version on things . Heads gon na explode . Excited about the rest of the summer ! On wards and upwards . ''
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : Snapchat )
In January , Malin revealed she 'd dropped two stone since Love Island finished filming , embracing a new healthy eating diet and regular exercise regime .
They explained to Daily Star that going out in the evenings after Love Island and a poor diet led to weight gain .
“ Before appearing on Love Island I was extremely conscious of what I ate , I knew there would be nowhere to hide and I tried my hardest to get into shape .
`` And whilst I was in the villa I was purposely being healthy because I knew I was constantly being watched , ” they said .
“ But as soon as I left I no longer felt the needed to diet and so I threw myself into partying , I ate whatever I wanted and drank most evenings with friends . ”
( Photo : Snapchat )
Malin said it was a holiday in Dubai in September last year that forced them to change their ways , after they realised they were hiding behind cover ups as they did n't want anyone to see them in a bikini .
She 's spoken in the past about wanting to help women boost their body confidence by sharing their own story .
Speaking to Now magazine last year , Malin said they went on Love Island to find a platform to talk about the issue , rather than to be famous .
`` I did n't really go on the show to be famous , I wanted to use it as a platform to help girls with confidence issues . I used to suffer with a really bad eating disorder , '' they said .
`` It started when I was sixteen and lasted up until a year and a half ago . I 'd binge eat loads of crap and then I 'd try and make myself sick and it was an ongoing cycle .
`` It got to the point where I needed counselling and , while it helped , I knew that I was the only one who could save me . ''
`` I 'm better now but I want to raise awareness of how much things like yo-yo dieting , fads and the quest to being ‘ perfect ' affects so many girls . ''
Alpha Male XL washing your face too often or too roughly may you dry , irritated skin . One kilo of Muscle Power required from three to 5 times more to sustain themselves referred to as a pound of stored fat . That means more muscle , you burn more calories even at peace . In addition , the muscle only strengthens you up . And also the best technique start and strengthen your muscles are bodyweight exercises . http : //jackedmuscleextremeadvice.com/alpha-male-xl/
It 's been five weeks , and “ Black Panther ” is showing no sign of giving up the top spot at the box office . It was # 1 again this weekend , with another $ 27 million .
Its U.S. total is now at $ 605.4 million , putting it at 7th place overall , not far behind “ Star Wars : The Last Jedi ” . Worldwide it 's made $ 1.2 BILLION , which puts it in 13th place .
“ Black Panther ” is also the first movie to top the box office for five weeks since “ Avatar ” in 2009 . The last movie to do it before that was “ The Sixth Sense ” in 1999 .
The new “ Tomb Raider ” opened with $ 23.5 million which was good enough for second place .
But the weekend 's big surprise was “ I Can Only Imagine ” . . . a faith-based movie that over-performed by coming in third with $ 17.1 million .
Here 's the Top 10 . . .
1 . “ Black Panther ” , $ 27 million . Up to $ 605.4 million in its 5th week .
2 . NEW : “ Tomb Raider ” , $ 23.5 million .
3 . NEW : “ I Can Only Imagine ” , $ 17.1 million .
4 . “ A Wrinkle in Time ” , $ 16.6 million . Up to $ 61.1 million in its 2nd week .
5 . NEW : “ Love , Simon ” , $ 11.5 million .
6 . “ Game Night ” , $ 5.6 million . Up to $ 54.2 million in its 4th week .
7 . “ Peter Rabbit ” , $ 5.2 million . Up to $ 102.4 million in its 6th week .
8 . “ Strangers : Prey at Night ” , $ 4.8 million . Up to $ 18.6 million in its 2nd week .
9 . “ Red Sparrow ” , $ 4.5 million . Up to $ 39.6 million in its 3rd week .
10 . “ Death Wish ” , $ 3.4 million . Up to $ 29.9 million in its 3rd week .
Scientists Hope Lab-Grown Embryos Can Save Rhino Species From Extinction
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sunday Alamba/AP Sunday Alamba/AP
Rhino embryos created in a lab are raising hopes that high-tech assisted reproduction may help save the northern white rhino , the most endangered mammal in the world .
Only two of these rhinos are still alive , both females living in a sanctuary in Kenya and protected around the clock by armed guards .
The last male , a rhino named Sudan , died in March . But before the males died off , wildlife experts collected and froze sperm . Now , in the journal Nature Communications , scientists say they successfully have used this stored sperm to fertilize eggs taken from a closely related subspecies , the southern white rhinoceros .
The resulting hybrid embryos started to develop in a lab dish . Two were frozen for later implantation into a surrogate rhino , although the researchers note in their paper that `` the embryo transfer procedure has yet to be developed and validated in rhinoceroses . ''
Still , the researchers are hopeful that once they get this working with hybrid embryos , they can use the same techniques to produce pure northern white rhino embryos .
To make those , they 'll need eggs from the two remaining northern white rhinos . Jan Stejskal , of the Dvur Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic — where rhinos Najin and Fatu were born — says the team has requested permission to obtain the eggs , `` but it 's not granted yet . '' Still , they hope the research team can go to Kenya to collect them by the end of the year .
`` Our goal is that we have , in three years , the first northern white rhino calf born , '' says Thomas Hildebrandt , of the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin .
While this kind of assisted reproduction is used for other large mammals , including horses and cows , this is the first time lab-grown rhino embryos have reached the point they could be transferred into a uterus .
`` That 's a big deal . That 's a big jump in rhino assisted-reproductive technology , '' says Terri Roth , director of the Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife at the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden . `` In the past , we 've really struggled to just produce two-cell embryos . So this is taking it way beyond that . ''
But Roth , who was n't involved in the study , cautions that going from an embryo in the lab to an actual baby rhino is no small feat . `` There are many , many steps from the petri dish to the live calf on the ground , '' they say .
Because of the uncertainties , the scientists are pursuing several different strategies . Besides trying to produce pure northern white rhinos , they also plan to transfer hybrid embryos into surrogates . Hybrids of southern and northern white rhinos could help conservationists , if they ever try to introduce white rhinos back to their northern range .
It also could be possible to use generations of inbreeding to dilute out the southern white rhino genes and get to something close to a pure northern white rhino—although that would require a small herd of the hybrids .
`` Will we ever get back to having a pure northern white rhino again ? I think the odds are low , '' says Roth . `` But that does n't mean those genes are n't important . ''
Besides working with sperm and eggs collected from northern white rhinos , the scientists have a longer-term goal of making sperm and eggs to order in the lab , by manipulating stored skin cells taken from the animals .
`` That might take maybe a decade , '' says Hildebrandt . Already though , using some rhino embryos , the team has established that they can make an embryonic stem cell line , a step that 's useful in that process .
Roth calls that whole plan `` highly speculative , '' and thinks the most important lesson here is that it 's a mistake to get to a point where advanced technology is the only remaining option to save a species .
The northern white rhino is n't the only rhino that 's in trouble , after all : Of the five living rhino species , three are listed as critically endangered because of poaching and habitat loss . Fewer than a hundred Sumatran rhinos , for example , are believed to exist today .
`` We could still bring them back , '' says Roth , `` but if we lose another 90 of those animals and we 're down to 10 , then we 're going to lose that one too . ''
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLYMOUTH , Pa. -- A pregnant cat is recovering after someone shot them in the leg over the weekend – yet another act of animal cruelty in a Pennsylvania borough where residents are trying to track down the person responsible .
The friendly shorthaired cat named Pandora had already lost a lot of blood before they were found near an intersection in Plymouth Saturday , according to WNEP . They were rushed to Pittston Animal Hospital where Dr. Inayat Kathio and the veterinary staff managed to save their lives .
`` ( The ) bullet…fractured the cat 's long bone and a tendon and cut some blood vessels , '' Dr. Kathio explained . `` It was infected , too , and if I did n't perform surgery , gangrene would 've set in and the cat would have lost its leg and ultimately lost its life . ''
Dr. Kathio , who did emergency surgery on Pandora , is offering a $ 1,000 reward for more information on who shot Pandora .
`` Do you realize the pain when the bullet hits bone and hit the tendon ? '' Dr. Kathio said . `` The animal can feel the pain like we can feel the pain . ''
Dr. Kathio told WNEP they have treated six cats suffering from gunshot wounds this year , including three from Plymouth . They hope the reward will lead to justice for Pandora and the other cats .
`` One was shot with an arrow from here , came out from the other side . Another cat 's jaw was blown off . ''
Meet Pandora , found this weekend under a car with a bullet in their leg . After life-saving surgery this pregnant cat is recovering in Luzerne County .
Now there 's a $ 1,000 reward for info . Full story later . pic.twitter.com/GZYodD16I3 — Allen Vickers ( @ AllenWNEP ) May 29 , 2018
Mary Fromel and Jeff Hollock are a part of `` Whisker 's World , '' a nonprofit animal rescue group . They were visiting family when they first saw the cat under a car .
`` I stretched the leg out to see what kind of wound it was and the light so happened to catch a bullet sticking out of the leg , '' Fromel said .
The cat was found just under a car next to a tan brick wall on Parrish Street .
`` I am angry , '' said Mary Fromel . `` I am very angry that someone would go to this extent to harm an animal . ''
Pandora continues their post-surgery recovery at Pittston Animal Hospital , and Dr. Kathio said she 's already able to walk , despite the severe injury .
Officials with Whisker 's World tell WNEP they along with the SPCA are investigating this incident .
× Tribe , groups to sue Navy over ship cleaning in Puget Sound
SEATTLE ( AP ) — The Suquamish Tribe and two environmental groups have sued the U.S. Navy , alleging the Navy cleaned a decommissioned aircraft carrier in Puget Sound in violation of federal clean-water laws .
The mothballed 60,000-ton USS Independence was cleaned in waters near Bremerton , Washington , in January and February before it was towed to Brownsville , Texas , this month to be dismantled .
The tribe , Washington Environmental Council and Puget Soundkeeper Alliance say the Navy scraped the ship 's hull and sent toxic copper-based paint , zinc and other pollutants into the water . They say Navy should have obtained permits under the Clean Water Act authorizing such discharges .
They want to ensure that other decommissioned ships are not scraped in the same way in the future .
A Navy spokesperson did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
The complaint was filed Wednesday in federal court in Tacoma .
Scattered showers and thunderstorms continue this evening , with some storms producing heavy downpours , gusty winds , and even some small hail . That rain will linger into the overnight hours and some may even linger into morning as well . Heading into the rest of the day , we will see the skies dry out with some sun peeking through the clouds . As always , keep up to date with the latest 7-Day Forecast .
Tonight
Variable cloudiness overnight with a few scattered showers and thunderstorms . You can keep an eye on the rain with our Interactive Radar . The intensity of the storms will be decreasing overnight . Lows will dip into the low 60s with light and variable winds .
Tomorrow
Showers and thunderstorms are possible early in the morning , but the rain will exit in time for the afternoon . After the rain passes , expect partly cloudy skies the rest of the day . Highs will top out in the upper 70s to near 80 with winds out of the northeast at 5 to 10 mph .
Wednesday
High pressure takes over for Wednesday . This will lead to party cloudy skies across Mid-Michigan . You 'll want to enjoy it because Thursday wo n't be such a great day . Highs on Wednesday will top out around 80 degrees .
Thursday
Thursday is shaping up to be gray , gloomy , and rainy . A low pressure will bring widespread rain to Mid-Michigan . This rain will be a welcome sight for some folks with how dry it has been recently . On the other hand , the humidity will be high so it will feel rather sticky . Highs will be right around 80 , into the low 80s .
The Weekend
Scattered showers will linger into early Friday and while it will dry out , a chance for spotty showers will pop up once again on Saturday . Neither day will be a washout , but keep the umbrella handy on both days . Sunday will be dry and comfortable with a mix of sun and clouds . Highs on all three days will be in the upper 70s to near 80 .
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Sexuality , Mortality , Failure — 'My Ex-Life ' Has Fun Asking Big Questions
My Ex-Life by Stephen McCauley Hardcover , 324 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming . How ?
I did n't know how much I needed a laugh until I began reading Stephen McCauley 's new novel , My Ex-Life . This is the kind of witty , sparkling , sharp novel for which the verb `` chortle '' was invented .
I found myself `` chortling '' out loud at so many scenes , I even took screenshots of certain pages and started texting them to friends . Some of those friends texted back , `` Love this ! '' or , `` Send more , quick ! '' To which I replied , `` Support the arts ! Buy the book ! ''
Let 's leave the transcript of my text conversations there . The point is , My Ex-Life is a smart comedy of manners about McCauley 's signature subject : namely , the disconnect between erotic desire and intimacy and the screwball paths that people take on the way to finally arriving home .
As they did in their 1987 debut novel , The Object of My Affection , which was made into a movie with Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd , McCauley focuses their story on two main characters — a man and a woman , soulmates who do n't `` click '' sexually .
Julie Fiske has now entered that phase of life where , we 're told , their face had acquired that `` yesterday's-dessert '' look common to the late middle-aged . Julie 's husband has recently left her , and their teenage daughter , Mandy , suffers from a lack of affect and ambition .
Determined to raise enough money to buy their ex 's half of the charming , rickety Victorian house they once shared on the seacoast north of Boston , Julie has been renting out rooms on Airbnb — a source of much comedy here . Meanwhile , their ex-husband has been getting antsy about the money and their daughter 's slacker behavior . That 's where Julie 's first ex-husband — our other main character — comes in .
David Hedges lives in San Francisco and is self-employed as a pricey `` independent , full-service , college counselor , '' which means they read a lot of college application essays — about 99 percent of which , we 're told , start off with a mention of a grandparent and/or cancer .
David 's just been dumped by their long-time lover . Back when they were young and married to Julie , David was n't quite sure of their sexuality ; when they became sure , their brief marriage ended .
Now , out of the blue , the phone rings : It 's Julie , whom David has n't talked to in almost 30 years . After an awkward catch up , they ask if David would give Mandy some guidance about the college application process . Turns out , he 's happy to do more than that .
Binge eating because of their break-up , drained from years of dealing with helicopter parents and terrified that the carriage house they rent in San Francisco is about to be sold , David decides to deal with their problems by escaping from them . They catch a flight to the East Coast and settles into Fawlty Towers for a while with Julie and Mandy .
Hilarity and mayhem ensue , but what helps make My Ex-Life so striking is McCauley 's droll precision with language . David 's insights into the college application industry are reason enough to savor this novel . Take this gem , courtesy of McCauley 's omniscient narrator :
David thought of their true mission as helping their teenaged clients gain a realistic understanding of who they were and what they could achieve in life once they stepped away from their parents ' self-aggrandizing fantasies of them . Their parents had been so insistent about instilling self-esteem , they 'd fallen into the trap of telling their kids they could do anything . Unfortunately , almost everyone interprets doing `` anything '' as doing the same three or four glamorous and impressive things — going to Harvard , retiring before ever working , giving an Oscar acceptance speech , and becoming the next Mark Zuckerberg , except hot .
I said a moment ago that McCauley 's droll way with words is the element that makes this novel special , but it 's more than that : Their social satire is suffused with generosity , an awareness that most of us are destined to make colossal mistakes out of the best of motives .
By the end of this story , as Julie and David revisit their own original blunder of a marriage , McCauley summons up a conclusion that makes a profound statement about time passing and the shifting mirage of life goals . Like the best of comic fiction writers — I 'm thinking , in particular , of the immortal Laurie Colwin — McCauley draws their readers into reflecting on some of the big questions — sexuality , mortality , failure — with the lure of laughter .
The appreciating rupee and strong markets provided an attractive profit-booking opportunity . Photo : Reuters
New Delhi : Investment by foreign investors in the Indian equity markets sharply declined to $ 2.12 billion in the quarter ended 30 June from $ 6 billion in the preceding three months on global and domestic concerns .
However , the value of total FPI investments in Indian equities rose to $ 383 billion in the April-June quarter , higher than the $ 366 billion in the previous three-month period , according to a report by Morningstar Investment Adviser India .
This is the highest level of foreign investments into Indian equities in a quarter since 2012 . According to the report , FPIs ' contribution to the Indian equity market capitalisation stood at 20 per cent during the period under review .
The report attributed quarterly decline in FPI inflow to the cautious stance maintained by them throughout the quarter on the back of some concerns on the global as well as domestic front .
“ Growing geopolitical concerns on the back of US bombings in Syria and Afghanistan and aggressive stance towards North Korea injected an element of uncertainty in the initial part of the quarter , which prompted FPIs to hedge risks . Given emerging markets are more susceptible to such uncertainties , they restrained their investments into Indian markets . As a result , FPIs were net buyers of equities worth $ 0.37 billion in April , ” Himanshu Srivastava , senior analyst manager research , at Morningstar said .
They further said that flows improved in May with markets receiving net inflow of $ 1.19 billion on expectations that the government would speed up development and economic reforms in its last two years in office before going for elections in 2019 , led to some improvement in the sentiments .
Additionally , the scheduled rollout of GST and its long-term benefit provided a positive backing .
However , the slow pace of economic growth and short-term hiccups in the implementation of Goods and Serives Tax ( GST ) prompted investors to maintain a cautious stance .
Further , the appreciating rupee and strong markets provided an attractive profit-booking opportunity .
Consequently , FPIs invested $ 0.56 billion in June , Srivastava added .
Offshore mutual funds form an important component of total FPI investment , apart from offshore insurance companies , hedge funds and sovereign wealth funds .
Monday , December 11 , 2017
One of history 's greatest “ what ifs ” is the question of what would have happened had the Germans been able to develop nuclear weapons during the Second World War . The Wehrmacht 's effort to do just that , called the Uranverein , or “ Uranium Club , ” began in 1939 when German Army physicist Kurt Diebner began to research the potential military applications of nuclear fission . By year 's end , the renowned German physicist Werner Heisenberg had expressed their belief that nuclear fission chain reactions , and thus , eventually , nuclear bombs , might be possible , but only if they had access to enough of a singular substance known as heavy water .
No facilities for manufacturing heavy water existed in Germany . But on April 9 , 1940 , the Germans invaded Norway , and in so doing acquired the Vemork Norsk Hydro Plant outside Rjukan , which , in 1934 , had become the world 's first commercial heavy water plant . Heavy water , or deuterium oxide , exists when the normal hydrogen atoms are replaced with the hydrogen isotope deuterium , which has both a neutron and proton in its nucleus , thus making it “ heavier ” than proton-only hydrogen . In nuclear fission reactions , whether in an atomic bomb or a nuclear power plant , heavy water is used to slow down and regulate the reaction . Once Germany controlled Norway , it controlled not only most of the world 's existing supply of heavy water , but also Europe 's only means of producing it . Soon , the Allies believed , Heisenberg would have all they needed to fuel their “ uranium machine , ” and the Uranverein would be well on the way to developing a nuclear bomb .
Fear of an atomic Germany was the driving force behind not only the race for the Allies to develop their own nuclear bomb capability—and thus the Manhattan Project—but also for their determination to destroy Vemork . Hence , the British Special Operations Executive ( SOE ) , which was responsible for sabotage operations , initiated plans to cripple or obliterate the plant 's heavy water production facility in November 1942 .
After that attempt failed , the SOE conceived of Operation Gunnerside . For Gunnerside , Norwegian fighters trained in Scotland joined members of the earlier team who had remained in Norway . The operatives ' approach to Vemork on the night of February 27 , 1943 , entailed climbing down—and then scaling—an icy 656-foot-ravine . Upon entering the plant , the team went immediately to the heavy water room , placed their explosives , and exited the facility before the explosives detonated , destroying the heavy water production capability , and also more than 100 gallons of the priceless liquid .
Operation Gunnerside has been called the most successful act of sabotage of World War II . But the actual heavy water room where it took place had not been documented or studied since Gunnerside . Norsk Hydro , which had ultimately resumed operations , ceased producing hydrogen and heavy water at the plant in 1971 , and the abandoned factory was demolished six years later .
In September 2017 , in anticipation of the seventy-fifth anniversary of Gunnerside , archaeologists Sindre Arnkværn and Line Grindkåsa of the Telemark County Council began a project to explore what might be left among the rubble . Several weeks after beginning their work , the team reached the basement , where , surprisingly , they found the heavy water room intact and in very good condition .
Joachim Rønneberg , Gunnerside 's leader , is now 98 years old and is the only saboteur still alive . For many years , Arnkværn says , Rønneberg has wished for the plant to be excavated . “ If we are fortunate enough to interview Mr. Rønneberg and to learn specifically where the events unfolded , that will be tremendous , ” they say . “ Nothing can compare to the excitement of excavating something people will actually be able to walk into and of conveying the story of one of the most remarkable events of the Second World War . ”
CLOSE Frank Markert of Dover has had a bottle of champagne in their refrigerator since 1980 , when the Eagles first played in a Super Bowl . When they lost , they vowed to keep it in the fridge until they won . Jason Minto/The News Journal/USA TODAY
Buy Photo The staff at Paul Campanella 's Pike Creek Automotive got creative with their Eagles spirit by creating sign for motorist along Limestone Rd . to enjoy this week before the Eagles face off with the New England Patriots . ( Photo : Jennifer Corbett , The News Journal ) Buy Photo
The big day is almost upon us , and Delaware fans have done their part to support the Eagles .
As America 's team heads toward a frigid showdown with the New England Patriots and a possible first Super Bowl win , Delawareans have been ballyhooing their preferences .
Showing solidarity
Employees at Paul Campanella 's Pike Creek Automotive shop took their Eagles mania outside . The auto shop 's sign proudly reads : `` We fix cars better than the Patriots fix games . ''
`` We 're all Philadelphia fans here , '' said Anthony Campanella , the service manager at the Limestone Road location near Kirkwood Highway . `` And it 's just been a hit since it went up . ''
All in the details
Winterthur Museum , Garden and Library also leaped onto the Super Bowl bandwagon with social media posts that compare furniture , housewares and silver made in Philadelphia and Boston .
The pieces include a silver tankard made by Paul Revere Jr. , about 1768 in Boston vs. a pitcher made by Thomas Charles in Philadelphia about 1815 featuring an eagle for a handle .
More : Take our Eagles-centric Super Bowl quiz
Fly , Eagles , fly , but not on 95
Even the Delaware Department of Transportation joined in on the fun : Messages supporting the Eagles displayed on about a dozen of DelDOT 's highway-side message boards used to show information about road hazards .
The Delaware Department of Transportation is trying to get motorists ' attention with humor , mixing highway safety warnings with excitement over the Eagle 's trip to the Super Bowl . ( Photo : MARK LUSZCZ/SUBMITTED )
`` FLY EAGLES FLY . DRIVE DRUNK . GET A DUI , '' reads a sign greeting motorists on I-495 through Wilmington .
Another reads : `` YOU CA N'T DEFLATE UR WAY OUT ... OF A DUI , '' a jab at the Patriots being accused of cheating by deflating game balls during a 2015 playoff game .
Hometown heroes
Wilmington 's own Wendell Smallwood could have a chance to play in Super Bowl LII . When the Eagles running back was 11 years old , they remember watching the team play in the Super Bowl in 2005 in their childhood home .
Several family members will be sitting in the stands in U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis on Sunday .
`` It 's just a dream come true , '' Smallwood said . `` I 'm just proud that I can bring my family that joy and let them see that .
Smallwood 's not the only local hitting the field on Sunday . But they are the only one wearing green .
Caesar Rodney High School alum Duron Harmon is heading to their third Super Bowl Sunday as Patriots ' safety .
Harmon does n't take any of this for granted .
`` It puts everything in perspective coming from Delaware , a small state , '' Harmon said . `` Not a lot of guys from there make it to the NFL , so when you 're put in positions like this , it just lets me really understand how blessed I am . ''
They also know they ca n't count on anyone from their home state to be rooting for him .
`` That area is so loyal to the Philadelphia Eagles , and they have a big fan base in Delaware . They 'll root for their team instead of a friend or even a family member . ''
More : 8 ways Eagles fans can get positive Philly vibes
Ready for No . 13
Smallwood is not the only Delaware connection : Newark resident Ed Klima is working their 13th Super Bowl in succession this week in the field of emergency preparedness . And Firefly founding director Greg Bostrom is currently the director of entertainment for the Minnesota Vikings , the hosts of this year 's Super Bowl .
Reason to PARTYYYYY
Deciding where to watch the Super Bowl can be tough , so , thanks to entertainment writer Ryan Cormier , here are 10 places to watch the game in Delaware .
Arden resident Justin Roberts , 31 , will be hosting a private party at their friend 's home , located on a 150-acre farm in Townsend . The festivities will include riding four-wheelers and shooting New England Patriots targets , in addition to eating and drinking .
`` We actually just went to Pennsylvania and bought a bunch of fireworks , too , '' says Roberts . `` They 're going to win this time . I do n't want to jinx it , but I think we got this one . ''
Eating 'green '
For better or for worse , Eagles fans will most likely be stress eating during the Super Bowl . Food writer Patricia Talorico recommends fans get their dose of `` greens , '' such as eating Serpe & Sons Bakery 's vanilla cupcakes decorated with German shepherd faces because , you know , underdogs .
Buy Photo Who let the dogs out ? Cupcakes ( $ 1.65 each ) decorated with German shepherd faces - celebrating the Eagles ' underdog status - are a popular item at Serpe 's bakery in Elsmere . ( Photo : Patricia Talorico/The News Journal )
And here 's some beer pairing tips for your Super Bowl party .
Popping the cork
Frank Markert , 87 , has had a chilling bottle of champagne in their refrigerator since 1980 , when the Eagles first played in a Super Bowl . When they lost , they promised to keep it in the fridge until they won .
After facing disappointment in 2005 when the Eagles lost to the Patriots , the Dover resident , who is hooked up to oxygen after recent health issues , hopes to pop the bottle on Sunday .
Buy Photo Frank Markert of Dover has had a bottle of champagne in their refrigerator since 1980 , when the Eagles first played in a Super Bowl . When they lost , they vowed to keep it in the fridge until they won . ( Photo : Jason Minto , The News Journal )
Contact Meredith Newman at ( 302 ) 324-2386 or at mnewman @ delawareonline.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ merenewman .
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/02/02/fly-eagles-fly-heres-how-delawareans-getting-hype-superbowl/300337002/
Congressional Republicans Hope To Pass Tax Overhaul Bill By Dec. 25
Congressional Republicans are working to merge House and Senate versions of a GOP tax bill . They 're hoping to reach their first major legislative milestone by Christmas .
ROBERT SIEGEL , HOST :
There is furious work going on behind the scenes on Capitol Hill so that Republicans can meet their goal of passing a final tax bill before Christmas . The House and Senate passed separate measures over the last few weeks . Members of both chambers will meet formally in a conference committee later this week to hammer out a final bill .
But a lot of that negotiation is well underway , and NPR congressional reporter Kelsey Snell has been keeping watch on Capitol Hill , where they join us now . Hi .
KELSEY SNELL , BYLINE : Hi there .
SIEGEL : How close are we to seeing a final tax bill ?
SNELL : Republicans I talked to say they are very close , but there is a lot still up in the air . They 've been working behind closed doors all weekend to try to hash out these differences . The goal is to resolve any issues before they formally meet later this week . But there are a lot of fixes that need to be done .
SIEGEL : Yeah , in order to get the Senate bill passed , there were a lot of deals cut with individual Senators . Ron Johnson of Wisconsin wanted benefits for small businesses . Susan Collins of Maine wanted money to shore up the health care market . Are any of those concessions at risk as all this gets negotiated or renegotiated between the House and the Senate ?
SNELL : Yeah . There were actually three main agreements during that last-minute haggling . And as of now , they all appear pretty solid . First we talked about Johnson and the small businesses . They really wanted to make sure that there were better breaks for small businesses to keep them better in line with corporations . Those kinds of protections have lots of support in both the House and Senate , but the two bills disagree on the best way to structure those benefits . So it 's unclear right now which side will prevail .
The second one , the deal with Lisa Murkowski of Alaska which involved oil and gas exploration in the ANWR , which is the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge - that also seems pretty solid . They are on that conference committee , and so is Congressman Don Young of Alaska . So they 'll have a lot of power .
And last , there 's Maine Senator Susan Collins . They say she 's confident in an agreement they reached with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to vote on funding to help the Affordable Care Act exchanges . Here they are speaking to CBS ' `` Face The Nation . ''
( SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW , `` FACE THE NATION '' )
SUSAN COLLINS : I 've talked to the president three times about this issue . And once again , I have no reason to believe that that commitment will not be kept . After all , who wants to see health insurance premiums become more unaffordable than they already are for individuals who are buying insurance , say , in the individual market ?
SNELL : So there 's a lot to take in here , but Collins has n't fully committed to voting for the tax legislation . But it does seem clear that the health care measures will likely be part of the year-end spending bill that also needs to get done in the next two weeks .
SIEGEL : Now , it 's been said that the - most of the benefits in the tax bill would go to businesses . Would that change as they 're making these fixes this week ?
SNELL : Actually from what I 'm hearing , the bill could get better for some businesses . According to my reporting , a major issue , though , is how to handle a parallel minimum tax system for businesses . Companies have been pushing really hard to see that that is repealed . But it was kept in the Senate bill . Getting rid of it could cost hundreds of billions of dollars , and cost is incredibly important here . There are also some more esoteric issues like clearing up a potential conflict with the World Trade Organization . But all that is being worked out right now .
SIEGEL : And the middle-class tax cuts Republicans have promised - will those change ?
SNELL : So first and foremost , the focus is still on lowering rates and doubling the standard deduction . But there 's a lot of talk about those state and local taxes that we 've been hearing about . One option being discussed would be to let people deduct up to $ 10,000 of any state and local taxes they pay , not just the property deduction that 's allowed under the Senate bill .
SIEGEL : Well , NPR 's Kelsey Snell at the Capitol , thanks .
SNELL : Thank you .
( SOUNDBITE OF RATATAT 'S `` NOSTRAND '' )
Copyright © 2017 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Trying To Better Detect Potential Mass Shooters After Las Vegas As law enforcement officers try to learn how to identify potential shooters , the people who study this kind of violence say this is being driven partly by the attention the media pays to it .
Trying To Better Detect Potential Mass Shooters After Las Vegas Around the Nation Trying To Better Detect Potential Mass Shooters After Las Vegas Trying To Better Detect Potential Mass Shooters After Las Vegas Audio will be available later today . As law enforcement officers try to learn how to identify potential shooters , the people who study this kind of violence say this is being driven partly by the attention the media pays to it . NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CRAIG COUNTY , Okla. - After 18 years , authorities say they now know who is responsible for killing an Oklahoma couple and kidnapping two teen girls .
More than a dozen people with information about the grisly crimes kept silent for almost two decades , some out of fear for their own lives , according to a court affidavit obtained by KFOR .
Lauria Bible and their friend Ashley Freeman , both 16 , disappeared on December 30 , 1999 from Welch , Okla .
Lauria was at Ashley 's home for a sleepover .
That night , the Freeman 's mobile home went up in flames , and the charred remains of Ashley 's parents , Danny and Kathy Freeman , were found inside .
Danny and Kathy both suffered gunshot wounds to the head , an autopsy showed .
But Lauria and Ashley were nowhere to be found .
The Craig County sheriff called Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation special agents to help .
For years , agents and many other investigators followed numerous leads , interviewing a multitude of possible witnesses and suspects while searching wells and other possible burial sites .
In December 2017 , officials said they discovered new leads that could be a turning point in the case .
In December 2017 , Craig County Sheriff Heath Winfrey provided investigators with previously unknown notes and documents they discovered referencing the Freeman/Bible case . The previous sheriff 's administration had apparently stashed the cache of information .
Those notes and documents have proven extremely valuable .
The probable because affidavit states the documents contained `` some information pertaining to Warren Phillip `` Phil '' Welch II , David Pennington , and Ronnie Busick , as being involved in the murders and missing girls . The crate also contained names of individuals that may possess information . ''
An OSBI agent and District 12 District Attorney 's Office investigator interviewed several people who the say had knowledge about the murders and the missing girls .
Through those interviews , investigators determined Welch , Pennington and Busick murdered Danny and Kathy Freeman , set their home on fire , and kidnapped Ashley and Lauria , and eventually killed them as well .
More than 12 people kept their mouths shut about the murders
Court documents reveal more than a dozen people said they knew or had even seen evidence of the crimes .
More than a dozen interviews are cited in the probable cause affidavit . Many of the interviewees had apparently dated and lived with the accused men .
All of the witnesses said either Phil Welch , David Pennington , or Ronnie Busick bragged about the murders , and threatened to kill anyone who went to police .
Welch and Pennington were allegedly known to cook methamphetamine together , and several of those interviewed reported the three killed the Freemans over money owed for drugs .
A woman identified as TW lived with Phil Welch in the months following the murders .
They said they heard conversations between the three men in which they implied that the suspects killed the couple over a drug debt , with Pennington and Busick setting fire to the home . TW told investigators that , based on the conversation , they believed they had abducted and later killed the two girls .
They also told police they discovered Welch had briefcase full of Polaroids of the girls bound and gagged with duct tape , lying on a bed they recognized to be his , and `` in some of the Polaroids they observed Welch lying next to the girls . ''
TW said they confronted Welch about it and they told her , `` do n't you ever tell anybody or you will end up in a pit in Picher ( OK ) like those two girls . ''
A friend of TW , identified as CM in court documents , said TW showed them a Polaroid of the two girls on a bed , bound and gagged , facing each other , and said they looked `` emaciated . ''
They said Welch threatened to kill them and their children several times , and throw them in the same pit as the two girls .
A woman who lived with Pennington , identified as LE , told investigators they talked about the missing girls all the time they were with him .
The affidavit states LE said they called it a `` bad drug deal , '' and that they `` told them that if they ever left them that they would kill them too . ''
RE , the son of LE , told investigators while they and their mother were living with Pennington , Welch and Pennington showed them the Polaroids of the girls and `` told them that they killed the girls by strangling them . ''
Witnesses reportedly overheard Welch and Pennington talking about the girls and said `` if they had n't taken off running ... they would still be alive . ''
A man identified as RH said Busick admitted their involvement in the murders and the missing girls .
According to the affidavit , RH stated that `` Busick told them about how the girls were tied up in a trailer house in Picher where they were raped and tortured . ''
They said Busick told them Welch was the shooter the night the Freemans were killed , but that Busick and Pennington stayed behind and started the fire .
RH said Welch threatened to kill them as well .
A man identified as JR was interviewed while they were incarcerated , and told investigators they walked into a trailer while Pennington , Welch , and Busick and one other unnamed man were looking at the Polaroids of the girls .
Others interviewees include friends of one or all of the suspects , friends of their lovers and even Pennington 's brother .
No one investigators spoke to could say where the Polaroids are today .
Some witnesses reported they were told by the three men the girls were thrown in a pit , others said that they were dropped down a mine shaft in Picher , `` later covered in concrete . ''
Witnesses told investigators that Welch had nailed the teens ' missing poster to a wall of their mobile home .
Private Investigators Allegedly Told To Stop Investigating the Case
Throughout the interviews , the OSBI and DA investigators learned a private investigative team had also begun an investigation immediately following the incident .
Joe Dugan , a private investigator living in Miami , OK , and their partner Tom Pryor had interviewed several people and discovered one of Welch 's ex-girlfriends ' car insurance verification form near the Freeman 's burned down house .
The vehicle the insurance card was registered to was thought to be the car the men were driving when they kidnapped the girls .
When the OSBI/DA team went looking for the Dugan and Pryor , they discovered Dugan had died in 2009 .
Pryor told them Dugan 's family tried to give the files on the Freeman case to the Craig County Sheriff 's Office , but that the sheriff 's office refused to take them at the time .
Eventually the family destroyed the records .
Pryor also said they were told by law enforcement to stop investigating the case .
The Arrest of Busick
On Sunday , authorities arrested Ronnie Dean Busick , 66 , for the crimes .
He 's charged with four counts of first-degree murder , two counts of kidnapping , and one count of arson .
Welch and Pennington both died during the investigation .
In 2017 , investigators interviewed Ronnie Busick three times before they were arrested .
At first , the affidavit states that when Busick was asked about Welch , `` his response was that the name 'sounds familiar , ' '' that they `` remembers the name . ''
As the interviews continued , they admitted that the three of them `` were pretty tight back in those days . ''
When asked about the murders , they went from saying they remembered hearing about them on the news , to conceding that Welch was probably responsible and that Pennington may have been as well .
The investigators criticized them for never directly denying they were involved when they accused them of being there the night the Freemans were killed .
After that , the affidavit shows they vacillated between denying their involvement and claiming they could n't remember .
The final interview with Busick was conducted November 2 , 2017 .
It lasted several hours , during which time they were primarily interrogated by OSBI Agent Michael Dean .
The affidavit states Dean asked them what was keeping them from being truthful , if it was fear of what their ( Busick 's ) sister would think .
The affidavit states `` Busick responded by stating , 'Well yeah . ' Later Agent Dean stated , 'You 're scared of what your sister would think about you if you told truth . That 's what it is , right ? ' Busick responded , 'yeah . ' ''
The affidavit states that `` Agent Dean told Busick that they believe this has been 'eating ' at them for the past 17 years and that they would be in relief once they told the truth . Busick would listen and nod , but never disclosed their involvement . ''
Where Are The Teens ' Bodies ?
Investigators say the case is not yet over .
They are still searching for Ashley and Lauria 's remains .
Authorities believe there are people who may have information that could lead them to the girls .
Anyone with information is urged to call the OSBI at 1-800-522-8017 or email at tips @ osbi.ok.gov . Officials said the private reward of $ 50,000 still stands for information related to the location of the girls .
The 2018-19 Alberni Valley Chamber of Commerce board was unveiled at the chamber 's recent annual general meeting . DARRAN CHAISSON PHOTO
BY TERESA BIRD
Alberni Valley News
After more than 30 years in practice in Port Alberni , Dr. John Pappel is retiring , but they are leaving their orthodontic practice in good hands .
“ I started around ‘ 86 here , ” says Pappel who has shared their skills in many Island communities during their career . “ I was in Bill Finnegan 's office one day and then two days a week behind Colin Stirzaker 's office. ” They eventually opened their own offices in Port Alberni , moving to their current location on 10th and Roger about six years ago .
And that 's where Dr. Bryce Tremblay will continue the practice . Tremblay was located on Gertrude Street , but has moved their practice as Dr. Pappel 's patients transition to Dr. Tremblay .
Dr. Pappel says they will miss Port Alberni .
“ It has been tremendous to work in the community , ” they say . “ Really nice people here . I have seen Port Alberni grow . The resiliency of the city is amazing . ”
As part of their business , Pappel says they have tried to generate a place where other specialists could practice . Their office includes a full lab and a denturist .
“ It 's been a labour of love to create a place people can work in , ” they say .
They add they are not the first to retire from their profession in recent years .
“ There has been a huge turnover in Port Alberni , ” says Pappel . “ Many of the dental professionals worked here for more than 50 years , but the whole dental community has changed over . ”
At home , they have been involved in raising their family , leading Scouts and coaching kids ' teams , but they say now it is time to retire and travel .
“ It is time for my wife now . They deserve some attention , ” said Pappel .
•••
Alberni Valley Chamber of Commerce held their annual general meeting May 23 at Chances Rim Rock . Fourteen people were seeking 10 available positions on the board . Dave McCormick of the Port Alberni Port Authority was elected chair of the board with Deb Haggard and Ross Hawse serving as vice chairs . Taurena Seib of Coast Community Credit Union is treasurer and Nicole Mitchell of Staples returns to the board as secretary , both by acclamation .
•••
Westcoast Games , a subsidiary of Westcoast Home Hardware will be opening shop at the Visitor Info Centre for the summer . The gift shop at the centre became available recently after Cheryl Ianowsky of Bluefish Gallery announced they would be stepping away from the venue June 30 .
Westcoast Games will be creating a line of products aimed at visitors to the Alberni Valley . www.albernichamber.ca
•••
The Port Alberni Women 's Business Network is sponsoring a forum to encourage women to run for local government in the upcoming municipal elections . Women Support Women in Local Government will take place at Char 's Landing June 12 at 6:30 p.m .
•••
Alberni District Co-op celebrated the grand opening of their new 10th Avenue location on May 16 with a barbecue , cake and of course a ribbon cutting . Money from the barbecue supported the Read and Feed program in elementary schools .
•••
Argyle Street has more places to eat than ever . Up at the Port Pub , a new family restaurant has opened , called CJ 's , call 778-402-8729 . Just down the hill , Porto Taco has reopened for the summer , just in time for patio season . They 've uplated their menu and added four tequila cocktails . Find them on Facebook . And down at Harbour Quay , Portside Café has opened its doors with great coffee , beverages , lunch items and baked goods . Check out the daily offerings on their Facebook page .
And drop by the Harbour Quay on Sundays from 10 am to 3 pm to take in the weekly craft market . Woodworking , jewelry , knitted items , glass work and more available .
Inspired by the craft market ? Then walk up the block to Kismet Quilts , now open on Sundays and holidays . www.kismetquilts.com
•••
More new business : The Impact Group , led by Tali Campbell ( you might know them from their work as director of business operations with the Alberni Valley Bulldogs ) , is opening shop next to Little Valley Deli . Impact Group provides marketing , website , event and alarm products . theimpactgroup.ca
•••
Artist Michelle Frost has opened Coastal Flow Glass Company , studio and gallery at Victoria Quay . The gallery features functional glass art such as lights and bowls . Classes and workshops available . Find Coastal Flow Glass on Facebook .
•••
Kama Jones , a former Social Justice teacher in Port Alberni and a integral part of the Heart of Vancouver Island campaign , has had their blog Ethigal , named Top30 Blogger 2018 by VancouverMom.ca . Jones ( née Money ) , now lives in White Rock with their husband and former Port Alberni Save-On-Foods manager Zack Jones .
Teresa Bird is the Alberni Valley News ' publisher . Do you have an item you 'd like them to include in the monthly Business Beat column ? They can be reached by e-mail at teresa.bird @ albernivalleynews.com or by phone at 778-421-8068 .
Deers cross an open field at the 7th Army Training Command 's Grafenwoehr Training Area , Germany , Feb. 14 , 2017 . The Red Deer population on the Grafenwoehr Training Area is one of the largest in Europe , and the training area is home to 138 distinct types of flora and almost 800 endangered species . ( U.S. Army photo by Visual Information Specialist Matthias Fruth )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.14.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 08:41 Photo ID : 3167051 VIRIN : 170214-A-EO786-007 Resolution : 7360x4912 Size : 21.18 MB Location : GRAFENWOEHR , BY , DE Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Deers cross an open field [ Image 1 of 6 ] , by Matthias Fruth , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Liverpool : An amazing season , cruel fate but the progress work continues
Another final defeat , another season without a title , but this one feels a lot more different and positive for the Merseyside club .
Sumit Haldar CONTRIBUTOR Feature 30 May 2018 , 13:28 IST 371 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Liverpool Press Conference- UEFA Champions League Final Previews
Six out of seven . Three out of three . For analysts , these are strong numbers . For the rivals , they are a constant laughing stock . What lies beneath is nobody 's business . A tie-breaker defeat , a second half capitulation from 1-0 & the loss of your talisman after a breathtaking 30 minutes - tales wo n't find a place in any match reviews and analysis .
In the midst of severe criticism , no one will remember how a team went from 8th place to almost winning not one but three titles . The specifics of how it almost etched its name on a 6th European title will not matter . Perhaps harsh in this day and age but the last hurdle is the one that matters most . Life is a bit cruel to a certain Jürgen Klopp .
The Final
Real Madrid v Liverpool - UEFA Champions League Final
Destiny : a logical result of the actions you are taking , combined with the circumstances and the actions of those around you .
These were the circumstances for Liverpool in last Saturday 's UEFA Champions League final against Real Madrid .
1 . Mohamad Salah raptured their shoulder bone and left the field for a scan ;
2 . Team morale dropped with Salah 's injury ;
3 . Loris Karius gifted not one , but two goals .
How can you defy destiny with those cold , hard realities ?
Liverpool arrived in Kiev showing the rest of Europe that they are capable of achieving something big . A thrilling front three , an intense press and better defending energized the fan base world-wide in this remarkable and joyous campaign . There were possible signs , rightly so , indicating an end to the title drought . Their season was marred with injuries to key players , poor squad depth and the Reds had only eleven men to give it all they have in the final . Contrastingly , Real Madrid had an £85 million player waiting on the bench to deliver a world class strike .
In the end , Liverpool probably left too much on fate .
Real Madrid v Liverpool - UEFA Champions League Final
Football is a game of 11 versus 11 , except for one position : the goalkeeper . Goals are scored through collective combination of 11 . Goals are defended by the same 11 as well . A midfielder losing a ball knows the defender will back them up and finally the goalkeeper will save him , a defender missing a ball can still hope that the goalkeeper can rescue him , but what about the keeper himself ? There is no one behind them except two posts and a crossbar . When it comes to the goalkeeper it is always 11 versus 1 . Unfortunately , Karius left too much on their fate to protect them from behind .
Loris Karius ' Liverpool future hang in the balance after Champions League Final horror show .
Progress continues
Whilst the sixth successive cup final loss and third successive as Liverpool manager may well cast doubts on their management style and approach , there is no denying the fact that fans have started believing Klopp .
The club is moving emphatically in the right direction than it has ever been in the last ten years . There were sparks of brilliance in 2013-2014 season , a slight ray of hope in the 2016 Europa League final but now with two back to back Champions League qualifications , one big final , Liverpool are making it a habit .
Since the £300 million takeover in 2010 , the owners have had a turbulent journey in bringing Liverpool back to where it stands today . Financially , the club is in the best possible position since Fenway Sports Group took charge . More importantly , they have chosen the right person to lead the club to its illustrious glory . They believe in Klopp 's project as Tom Werner recently said :
“ We 've always been optimistic because under Jürgen 's leadership we felt that we could achieve great things . Now we have a club that 's financially stable . We are excited about the future . ”
Jurgen Klopp - The Guardian
Future it is then and an immediate one .
The sudden drop in confidence and momentum among the players with Salah 's exit in the final did n't go unnoticed . The lack of depth was cruelly exposed the whole season , especially in the final , leaving a distraught Klopp to accept their fate . The summer window , though , presents an opportunity to once again address the squad depth . With Naby Keita and Fabinho joining - Emre Can leave – and the prospect of adding the creative Nabil Fekir , Liverpool already look much better .
This is still not enough , though . A first-choice goalkeeper is now a top priority to avoid any more calamitous nights . Key investments are also required in the winger position , a back up striker and possibly a center-back to add squad depth . The belief in Liverpool is that there should be adequate bench strength in both a variety of speed and quality to replace the first eleven , in case they ca n't go for the whole season .
The 2017-2018 season was a special journey for all Liverpool fans worldwide . The exciting brand of football , being back among the best in Europe and memorable wins in big matches are enormous steps forward in the right direction . What is most important and encouraging is the fact that there are no doubters any more , only believers who know that they have a guardian in Jürgen Klopp , who they completely trust .
Tech . Sgt . Steve Rau , a paralegal at the 167th Airlift Wing in Martinsburg , W.Va. , works with a unit member to complete a will , January 8 , 2017 . Creating or updating a will can be done by contacting the base JAG office .
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 01.08.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 07:05 Photo ID : 3166930 VIRIN : 170108-Z-NX522-002 Resolution : 4200x3300 Size : 6.57 MB Location : WV , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Readiness is top priority for 2017 , by SSgt Jodie Witmer , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
`` Freedom has its life in the hearts , the actions , the spirit of men and so it must be daily earned and refreshed else like a flower cut from its life-giving roots , it will wither & die . '' ~Dwight Eisenhower
The Fourth of July is the date the Second Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence-the day the founders approved one of America 's most treasured documents .
What we are truly celebrating on Independence Day is the Declaration of Independence and the spirit and principles that it so eloquently articulates .
The Declaration of Independence : A Transcription
IN CONGRESS , July 4 , 1776 .
The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America , When in the Course of human events , it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another , and to assume among the powers of the earth , the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature 's God entitle them , a decent respect to the opinions of humankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation .
We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. -- That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed , -- That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness . Prudence , indeed , will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes ; and accordingly all experience hath shewn , that humankind are more disposed to suffer , while evils are sufferable , than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed . But when a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such Government , and to provide new Guards for their future security. -- Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies ; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government . The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations , all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States . To prove this , let Facts be submitted to a candid world .
-He has refused their Assent to Laws , the most wholesome and necessary for the public good .
-He has forbidden their Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance , unless suspended in their operation till their Assent should be obtained ; and when so suspended , they have utterly neglected to attend to them .
-He has refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large districts of people , unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature , a right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only .
-He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual , uncomfortable , and distant from the depository of their public Records , for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with their measures .
-He has dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly , for opposing with manly firmness their invasions on the rights of the people .
-He has refused for a long time , after such dissolutions , to cause others to be elected ; whereby the Legislative powers , incapable of Annihilation , have returned to the People at large for their exercise ; the State remaining in the meantime exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without , and convulsions within .
-He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States ; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners ; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither , and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands .
-He has obstructed the Administration of Justice , by refusing their Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary powers .
-He has made Judges dependent on their Will alone , for the tenure of their offices , and the amount and payment of their salaries .
-He has erected a multitude of New Offices , and sent hither swarms of Officers to harass our people , and eat out their substance .
-He has kept among us , in times of peace , Standing Armies without the Consent of our legislatures .
-He has affected to render the Military independent of and superior to the Civil power .
-He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution , and unacknowledged by our laws ; giving their Assent to their Acts of pretended Legislation :
-For Quartering large bodies of armed troops among us :
-For protecting them , by a mock Trial , from punishment for any Murders which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States :
-For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world :
-For imposing Taxes on us without our Consent :
-For depriving us in many cases , of the benefits of Trial by Jury :
-For transporting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended offences
-For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring Province , establishing therein an Arbitrary government , and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies :
-For taking away our Charters , abolishing our most valuable Laws , and altering fundamentally the Forms of our Governments :
-For suspending our own Legislatures , and declaring themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever .
-He has abdicated Government here , by declaring us out of their Protection and waging War against us .
-He has plundered our seas , ravaged our Coasts , burnt our towns , and destroyed the lives of our people .
-He is at this time transporting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to compleat the works of death , desolation and tyranny , already begun with circumstances of Cruelty & perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages , and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized nation .
-He has constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas to bear Arms against their Country , to become the executioners of their friends and Brethren , or to fall themselves by their Hands .
-He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us , and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers , the merciless Indian Savages , whose known rule of warfare , is an undistinguished destruction of all ages , sexes and conditions .
In every stage of these Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress in the most humble terms : Our repeated Petitions have been answered only by repeated injury . A Prince whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant , is unfit to be the ruler of a free people .
Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our Brittish brethren . We have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us . We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here . We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity , and we have conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations , which , would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence . They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity . We must , therefore , acquiesce in the necessity , which denounces our Separation , and hold them , as we hold the rest of humankind , Enemies in War , in Peace Friends .
We , therefore , the Representatives of the united States of America , in General Congress , Assembled , appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions , do , in the Name , and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies , solemnly publish and declare , That these United Colonies are , and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States ; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown , and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain , is and ought to be totally dissolved ; and that as Free and Independent States , they have full Power to levy War , conclude Peace , contract Alliances , establish Commerce , and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do . And for the support of this Declaration , with a firm reliance on the protection of divine Providence , we mutually pledge to each other our Lives , our Fortunes and our sacred Honor .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A mum-of-two whose nose rotted away had magnets screwed into their skull so they can wear a life-changing prostethetic .
Jayne Hardman had their nose removed in November last year after developing a type of vasculitis , they first noticed when they were head-butted by their dog
The family dog , Cece , a 14-stone Neapolitan mastiff , knocked into Jayne 's face and caused their nose to swell .
They were diagnosed with Wegener 's granulomatosis – a rare disease that rotted the flesh on their nose and later that year both nostrils collapsed .
In fear the autoimmune disease would destroy more facial features , the doctors had no other choice to amputate them nose .
Jayne , 48 , was left with a hole in their skull but in January this year , after four prototype prosthetics , Jayne was given their magnetic nose .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Caters News Agency )
They say the pain was excruciating as metal was screwed in to their head , but they have found a new lease of life in their prosthetic .
They even appeared on ITV 's This Morning and shocked Eamonn Holmes and wife Ruth Langsford , by whipping off their nose while live on air .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Jayne , from Redditch , Worcestershire , said : “ For three and a half years my nose was disappearing and towards the end of last year the bone had completely disappeared .
“ After having my nose amputated in November last year , I finally have a perfect prosthetic nose and have the confidence to leave my house whenever I feel like it .
“ I trialled four other noses before having the one I have now , I could n't be happier with it , it 's done so well and people can never tell that it 's not real .
“ So although I 've lost my real nose , I feel like I am now complete . Something weirdly clicked into place when I clicked this magnetic nose on . ”
After being head butted by their dog Jayne 's nose continued to pour with blood , but the doctor 's insisted that it was not broken and just needed to be iced .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Caters News Agency )
However after their nose continued to swell , Jayne returned to the doctors and was eventually diagnosed with the rare autoimmune disease in June 2014 .
They said : “ I knew from the moment that CeCe hit my head that something was n't right with my nose , and from that day on it never went back to normal .
“ The disease was always there but it was lying dormant , it was CeCe that saved me really – if the collision had n't have happened I could have died .
“ If the disease had remained unnoticed , my immune system would still be working to kill off all of my cells and slowly destroy me .
“ Over the years after my diagnosis , my nose started to dissolve , in the end amputation was the only sensible thing to do .
“ I went through several rounds of chemotherapy in 2014 to stop my immune system from killing all of my cells , but even after that they could n't save my nose .
“ The day I found out my nose was being removed was the worst day of my life , but I knew it had to be done to make progress .
“ I had already been wearing glue-on prosthetics over my collapsed nose , so I just had to believe the doctor that the new prosthetic after my nose was removed would be even better . ”
So once their nose was removed , the NHS started to create the perfect prosthetic for Jayne and took several moulds of the cavity .
However to ensure that their nose would be easily detachable , so that they could still clean out the hole in their face , doctors had to drill metal screws into their skull .
They said : “ The pain of the metal screws being tightened into my skull was a pain I can not describe , it was just excruciating .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Caters News Agency )
“ But I knew it was the only way to make my magnetic nose work and I 'm so glad now that I sat through it .
“ Before my magnetic nose I had glue-on prosthetics , but they never lasted long .
“ I 've ripped them , the dogs have chewed them and they have n't always fit right , but this prosthetic is perfect .
“ It 's very easy to take on and off so that I can steam the hole every morning to make sure any mucus is removed .
“ And considering I hated my original nose and would 've had a nose job to fix it anyway , my confidence is now higher than ever ! ”
But despite not being able to taste or smell when their nose was removed , last week they regained all their senses again .
Jayne had grommets fitted into their ears , which allowed their hearing to fully return .
Jayne said : “ When my nose was removed I could n't hear without hearing aids , and I could n't taste or smell anything because my nasal receptors were damaged .
“ But as of last week , as well as my sense of smell and taste , so life is slowly but surely going back to normal .
“ So now I am on a concoction of steroids and antibiotics to help keep illness at bay and help with my recovery .
“ Now I am focusing on seeing the fun side of what 's happened to me , and even when I 've sneezed it off or it 's flown across the room at my son , we just see the funny side .
“ I still feel extremely lucky to be alive , so I want to make sure that no one else goes through this and if I can save one person from losing my nose , it will all be worth it . ”
You 've heard countless athletes say `` I 'm going to Disney World '' or `` I 'm going to Disneyland '' after winning the Super Bowl and other major sporting events . How did the tradition get started ? The iconic phrase has its roots in a conversation between then-Disney CEO Michael Eisner , Star Wars creator George Lucas , and the first people to fly around the world without stopping , Dick Rutan and Jeana Yeager , according to an ABC News report `` It was late and the conversation hit a lull as we waited for our food , '' Eisner wrote in their 1998 memoir . `` So I asked Dick and Jeana , 'Well , now that you 've accomplished the pinnacle of your aspirations , what could you possibly do next ? ' Rutan responded , without hesitation , ' I 'm going to Disneyland ' And of course I go , 'Wow , that 's cool ! You made the right choice . ' But my wife interjects : 'You know , that 's a good slogan . ' '' A month later , then-New York Giants quarterback Phil Simms became the first MVP to proudly exclaim , `` I 'm going to Disney World ! `` And the rest , they say , is history.Disney commercials have aired immediately following the Super Bowl 's final whistle nearly every year , and the MVP , quarterback or another star from the game later heads to the happiest place on earth for a celebratory parade .
5 reasons why Barcelona will become unstoppable if they sign Antoine Griezmann
Here 's why the talented Frenchman would transform Barcelona into an unstoppable force in Europe
Atharva Gosavi ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018 , 14:46 IST 14.21K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Barcelona have reportedly been chasing Antoine Griezmann
The transfer window is open again and for the next two months , club officials scurrying around to complete deals will be a common sight . Amongst all the heavyweights , footballing enthusiasts will keep a watchful eye on Barcelona 's transfer activity .
The Catalan giants are once again scouring the market for a marquee signing and it seems like they have found their latest target . For months now , they have reportedly been eyeing Atletico Madrid 's Antoine Griezmann .
While there have been divided opinions regarding the Frenchman 's rumoured signing , there 's no doubt that acquiring them would bring a lot of positivity and will certainly strengthen the club as a whole .
On that note , let 's take a look at 5 reasons why signing Griezmann could make Barcelona an unstoppable force in Europe .
# 5 They will increase Barcelona 's goal tally
Antoine Griezmann could certainly add to Barça 's goal tally
Neymar 's departure was bound to leave a big gap in Barcelona 's menacing attack . Of course , they did sign Ousmane Dembele to fill the giant boots of the Brazilian , but a lack of experience and constant injuries limited the Frenchman to the fringes , denting the Blaugrana 's record in front of the goal .
In Neymar 's last season at the club , Barcelona netted 171 goals in all club competitions ; 116 of those came in La Liga , 26 in the UEFA Champions League , 24 in the Copa del Rey and 5 in the Spanish Super Cup .
This season , in the Brazilian 's absence , Barcelona found the net just 141 times in all competitions ; they scored 99 in the league , 17 in the UEFA Champions League , 24 in the Copa del Rey .
The Catalans scored 30 fewer goals after selling Neymar , failing to cross the 100-goal barrier in the league . Antoine Griezmann 's arrival will definitely strengthen their goal-poaching abilities , making them one of the most feared attacks in the world , if they are n't already .
BATTLEFORD , Sask . — Saskatchewan 's chief justice addressed some inconsistencies Friday in the testimony from key Crown witnesses at the trial of a farmer accused of murdering an Indigenous man .
Justice Martel Popescul 's mid-trial instructions to the jury came a day after some witnesses to the killing admitted on the stand that they made last-minute changes to their stories and lied to investigators .
`` Common sense tells you that if a witness says one thing in the witness box , but has said something quite different on an earlier occasion , this may reduce the value of their or their evidence , '' Popescul told jurors Friday before the Crown rested its case .
Gerald Stanley , 56 , is accused of second-degree murder in the death of 22-year-old Colten Boushie near Biggar , Sask. , on Aug. 9 , 2016 .
Boushie was sitting in the passenger seat of a grey Ford Escape SUV when they were shot to death on Stanley 's farm . Boushie 's friends have testified that they were looking for help with a flat tire when they went to the farm .
Stanley 's son has testified that their father told them they were only trying to scare the young people away and the gun just went off .
Popescul was addressing the testimony of Eric Meechance , Cassidy Cross and Belinda Jackson , who were in the SUV with Boushie .
Cross admitted Thursday that they had lied to police in their initial statement about carrying a gun , how much alcohol they had consumed and about breaking into a truck on the day their friend was killed .
Jackson initially told police they saw a woman shoot Boushie .
`` I would n't say I lied to them . I did n't tell them the whole truth , '' Jackson said Thursday . `` Everything started coming back to me later when I was on my own . ''
The Riot Fest first wave lineup is here . September 14 , 15 , & 16 at Douglas Park , Chicago . Tickets ON SALE NOW . https : //t.co/kycCcbzcsd pic.twitter.com/IU3g5SUKK2 — Riot Fest ( @ RiotFest ) May 31 , 2018
The first wave of Chicago 's Riot Fest 2018 lineup was announced Wednesday.Blink-182 and Beck are slated as headliners , with a third headliner to be announced in the future.Other notable acts include Elvis Costello & the Imposters , Incubus , Interpol , Blondie , Alkaline Trio , Dropkick Murphys , Cypress Hill , Liz Phair , Gary Numan , and more.The music festival will be held at Douglas Park from Sept. 14-16.for more information on Riot Fest 2018.to purchase tickets for Riot Fest 2018 .
TORONTO — Canada 's main stock index edged higher in late-morning trading , helped by the financial and materials sectors , while U.S. stocks fell into the red .
The S & P/TSX composite index was up 5.73 points to 15,557.79 , after 90 minutes of trading .
In New York , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 35.56 points to 24,413.13 . The S & P 500 index was down 3.23 points to 2,667.06 and the Nasdaq composite index was down 27.19 points to 7,101.41 .
The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.96 cents US , up from an average value of 77.92 cents US on Monday .
New Delhi : While teams have pulled off some stunning chases in ICC Champions Trophy 2017 , it has been a disappointing tournament for cricket fans as most of the matches were truncated due to rain .
Keeping in mind what has happened in the tournament so far , one should n't be surprised if rain intervenes in Thursday 's semi-final encounter between India and Bangladesh as well . Both the teams have produced some stupendous cricket so far , and while they deserve to play 100 overs , both Mashrafe Mortaza and Virat Kohli would have the rain interruption in mind .
In case if the match is washed out without even a ball being bowled , it will be a heartbreaking moment for the Bangladeshi fans as Men in Blue will advance into finals .
While Bangladesh , who were placed in Group B , finished second , Kohli 's men sealed the numero uno spot in Group A . Since ICC has not kept a reserve day for the semi-finals , Men in Blue will seal the final berth since they finished higher than their opponents in their group .
What 's the weather forecast at Birmingham today ?
According to a report in birminghammail.co.uk , while a light rain in expected in the far west , by afternoon , it 's expected to be sunny . The forecasters have predicted a sunny day during the India-Bangladesh match . Maximum temperature is said to be around 20 °C .
The Australian team , which won the 2015 World Cup , failed to win a single match out of their three league ties in the tournament as all of them were decided via the Duckworth-Lewis method .
It remains to be seen whether the fans will get to see an uninterrupted second semi-final at Birmingham today .
Aaron Wilbraham has questioned the way Lee Johnson managed their expectations during their time at Bristol City .
The 37-year-old striker left the club after three seasons during the summer and signed for Bolton Wanderers on a one-year deal .
Wilbraham , who was City 's top scorer for the memorable 2014/15 campaign where the Robins claimed the League One title and Johnstone 's Paint Trophy , made 125 appearances in total – including 36 last terms - and netted 34 times overall .
The former Norwich and Crystal Palace , who was also wanted by Bury , has been reflecting on their time at City and told the Football League Paper how they viewed things towards the end of their time at Ashton Gate .
“ I loved my time at City , but Lee Johnson told me I would n't be playing that much , ” said the veteran striker .
“ It was n't exactly making me lose my fight , but I was thinking ‘ I 'm going to be working hard every day to impress this bloke but he 's already got it in their head that I 'm not a regular ' .
“ I 'm old enough to know that if we got four or five games in and we were n't playing well , he 'd have relied on me again . They were saying similar things last year and I still played 36 times . ”
Wilbraham added : “ I also understand they were trying to manage my expectations so I would n't be upset if I was n't in the squad .
“ But I do n't see the point in saying that to one of your players . I 'd rather make everyone feel important . ”
Wilbraham moved to City from Palace in 2014 and became an instant hit with fans and players at the club .
The forward , however , had their worries over moving to BS3 at the tender age of 34 .
( Image : Rogan Thomson/JMP )
They told the Bolton News : `` Some of the messages I was getting from the Bristol City lads were really nice , how I 'd helped them on . They made me laugh and sent a video of them all holding a minute 's silence because I 'd gone . It was brilliant .
“ I had a good relationship with the fans there too . When I went in at 33 or 34 they probably thought I was an older pro just picking up a pay packet . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
After several weeks in a coma , Rebecca White has finally woken up - and Lachlan is n't the only one who wo n't be too happy to see them
Rebecca was involved in a car crash caused by their suicidal and homicidal nephew which resulted in the death of their father Lawrence and sister Chrissie .
Lachlan has tried desperately to conceal what really happened to their loved ones and was at one point tempted to kill their aunt to prevent them from revealing what really happened .
However their worst fears arrived at the end of tonight 's episode as Rebecca finally opened them eyes .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
And while many viewers were happy to see that Rebecca was finally awake , some Robron fans were much less thrilled .
Many are unwilling to forgive and forget the fact that Rebecca was the reason that much-loved couple Robert Sugden and Aaron Dingle split up .
Things went south for the couple early last year when Aaron was left struggling when imprisoned and ended up getting involved in drugs .
This lead them to try and put some distance between themselves and husband Robert , who took this very badly .
( Image : Generics )
( Image : ITV Picture Desk )
Robert got drunk back at home and ended up sleeping with Rebecca , who became pregnant with their baby son Seb .
Despite trying to make it work , Aaron found the fact that they were going to be the father of someone else 's baby too difficult and the pair split up .
So , some fans blame Rebecca for the heartbreaking split .
But there is some good news for Robron fans , regardless , as the pair are set to get back together at the end of this month !
* Emmerdale returns on Monday at 7pm on ITV
Torrance Neal cleans rooms at the Doubletree hotel in downtown Midland , Texas , but they consider it a side gig .
“ This is my part-time job , '' Neal explained while on a break in the hotel lobby . `` My night job is more my full-time job because I 'm the operations manager for a cleaning company . ''
They said right now , business is ticking along at a good clip , thanks to high oil prices . Midland is in the Permian Basin in West Texas , where a lot oil is produced . And oil prices are soaring right now , to the point of prompting President Donald Trump to accuse OPEC of manipulating the price of a barrel . Whatever the cause , it 's great news for Midland . The median household income in the area is consistently among the highest in the country at almost $ 70,000 . But that does n't mean everyone is rich .
Sure , high oil prices mean people can afford to hire folks like Neal , and the hotels are packed full of oil workers and executives . It 's great to have work , they said , but it 's not like they and their friends are all living high on the hog .
“ Some people are still struggling , ” they said . For people working lower-end jobs , they said the boost in oil price does n't mean much . `` They might give them a 50 cent raise , but it really does n't help , especially with the housing going up . ”
Neal lives in a two-bedroom apartment on the south side of Midland . It 's subsidized accommodation , and they qualify because they make less than $ 31,700 a year . Their uncle earns much less at a fast food joint down the road .
“ He makes $ 9 a hour , so they have to get another job , ” Neal said .
Nine dollars an hour is a far cry from what the people staying in the hotel Neal is cleaning are pulling down . Entry-level salaries on some oil rigs start at $ 120,000 . And that 's nothing compared to most oil executives .
Myra McKinley , a realtor in Midland , often deals with high rollers in their line of work .
“ They have so much money that they fly , private , to wherever it is they want to go , ” and their attitude , they said , is clear in how they spend their time away from the office .
“ 'If I want to go have a nice golf weekend , then I 'm going to go run off to Escondido , ' '' they said . `` 'Or if I want to have some great meals , maybe I 'll just go ahead and fly over to Las Vegas . Guess what ? We make enough money right now that we can do that , so why not ? ' ”
There 's a Salvation Army shelter just two blocks south of that hotel where Neal cleans rooms . Barry Lee , a 56-year-old on a fixed income , had just eaten lunch there . They said if you need help in Midland , you can get it .
“ Oh , yeah , there are lots of places , '' they said . `` Salvation Army , Baptist Crisis , Presbyterian Churches . All the churches and stuff . ”
Kat Hernandez , the lead social worker at the Salvation Army , has a less optimistic take .
“ Midland has only one homeless shelter , which is us , ” they said .
The Salvation Army shelter can house some 20 people each night , according to Hernandez . At last count , there were 264 homeless people in Midland .
Lee said there 's more evidence of the struggle in Midland just a few miles further south , right behind a Burger King .
“ You 'll see a tent community . I mean tons of 'em , ” they said .
But the tent community Lee was referencing is now gone . City law enforcement had told the campers they had to move on . In a town that benefits from high oil prices and suffers from higher housing costs , more folks are left looking for somewhere to lay their heads .
Related Despite domestic oil boom , some students in Texas are hesitant to enter the field The rent is too damn high , according to a new Pew report After nine years of no change , is the federal minimum wage irrelevant ?
A former Tweed/Byron officer has had their unfair dismissal application accepted on the `` barest of margins ” , according to the Industrial Relations Commission .
A former Tweed/Byron officer has had their unfair dismissal application accepted on the `` barest of margins ” , according to the Industrial Relations Commission . Marc Stapelberg
A FORMER North Coast police officer is fighting unfair dismissal in court after they allegedly pressured a colleague into obtaining information relating to an Apprehended Domestic Violence Order , which had been taken out against them in 2014 .
Alisdair MacDonald was an intelligence analyst with the Tweed/Byron Local Area Command for 13 years before their employment was terminated by the NSW Police Commissioner on March 2 as the result of an investigation into their alleged misconduct .
It is alleged Mr MacDonald pressured their friend and colleague Senior Constable Matthew Roach on several occasions to access and glean confidential details about the order against them between November and December 2014 .
On November 9 last year , Acting Chief Superintendent Kerrie Lewis informed Mr MacDonald the investigation had resulted in a decision to terminate their employment and they were offered the opportunity to resign by December 5 , 2016 .
Mr MacDonald maintained their earlier statement to the allegations that they had `` no recollection of particularity '' due to mental health issues .
Just days before the alleged misconduct , Mr MacDonald was admitted as a voluntary patient for depressive , anxiety and stress disorders .
Before the December 5 deadline , Mr MacDonald together with the Public Service Association took the matter to the Industrial Relations Commission .
In February this year , Mr MacDonald and PSA industrial officer , Susan Emery were emailed by Chief Superintendent Greg Rolph , who advised that Mr MacDonald should tender their resignation by close of business March 1 otherwise steps would be taken to terminate their employment .
At that point , Mr MacDonald was told by Ms Emery they needed to wait until they received a letter confirming their employment termination before lodging unfair dismissal , which needed to be completed within 21 days of the termination date .
On March 8 , NSW Police posted two documents regarding Mr MacDonald 's dismissal that stated their last day of service was on March 2 .
But it was n't until March 22 that Mr MacDonald discovered their employment had been terminated when they were forwarded the documents by email from a colleague - who was collecting Mr MacDonald 's mail while they were in Victoria training with the Army Reserve from March 10 .
IRC Commissioner John Murphy said Mr MacDonald 's application for unfair dismissal was accepted `` by the finest of margins '' .
In their 22-page document explaining the decision made late last month , Commissioner Murphy said the delay in lodging the unfair dismissal application , which was submitted seven days outside the time-frame , was `` not insignificant '' but it was not excessive .
Commissioner Murphy said when Mr MacDonald became aware their employment had been terminated on March 22 , which was still within the 21-day time period , they immediately forwarded it to Ms Emery to lodge the application .
`` It would visit an injustice upon the applicant if their application were to be dismissed as a result of the failure of the PSA to prepare , file and serve it in a more timely fashion , '' they said .
NSW Police said in a statement issued to The Northern Star that it would be inappropriate to comment on the matter as it was still being considered by the court .
1897 — First known U.S. intercollegiate basketball game , Yale beats University of Pennsylvania 32-10 .
1911 — National Squash Tennis Association formed ( New York City ) .
1914 — In New Haven , Conn. , the first international figure skating championship takes place .
1924 — Stanley Cup : Montreal Canadiens ( NHL ) sweep Vancouver Millionaires ( PCHA ) in two games .
1954 — 16th NCAA Men 's Basketball Championship : La Salle beats Bradley 92-76 .
1965 — 27th NCAA Men 's Basketball Championship : UCLA beats Michigan 91-80 .
1973 — Roberto Clemente elected to Hall of Fame , 11 weeks after their death .
1985 — Libby Riddles wins the 1,135-mile Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race .
1988 — Mike Tyson knocks out Tony Tubbs in two rounds for heavyweight boxing title .
1989 — Peter Ueberroth , the commissioner of Major League Baseball , announces an inquiry is being conducted into gambling allegations concerning Cincinnati Reds ' manager , Pete Rose .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It sounds like a plot straight out of The Wedding Date , but a woman managed to find their future husband after issuing an appeal for a stranger to accompany them to somebody else 's nuptials .
In 2015 Madison O'Neill sent a random tweet , probably thinking there was a chance somebody might reply to them - but it was most likely a bit of fun .
They wrote : `` So hmu ( hit me up ) if you wan na be my date to a wedding tomorrow '' complete with lots of smiley faces .
Them appeal did n't exactly go viral , receiving just one retweet and two likes .
But they did get a response five hours later : a direct message from Chuck Dohrmann , who wrote : `` Dude I 'll be your date to a wedding ! When is it ? ''
( Image : @ MaddieJo_13/Twitter )
The pair had a brief conversation about what time the wedding started the next day and Chuck very happily said : `` Well if you still need a date count me in ! ''
It was a conversation that would change both of their lives . Madison revealed on Twitter three days ago that the pair are now engaged .
They shared the screengrabs of their tweet and their first conversation , along with a photograph of them proposing and a lovely snap of the happy couple .
( Image : @ MaddieJo_13/Twitter )
Madison wrote : `` Crazy how things work out . ''
Two years after Chuck offered to accompany them to a wedding , they asked them to have a wedding of their own .
But the pair were n't exactly strangers before they got in touch on Twitter .
Madison confessed : `` We went to the same high school but they were a grade older and I always thought they were obnoxious but we did n't actually know each other . ''
( Image : @ MaddieJo_13/Twitter )
Some people were confused by their tweet , with one replying : `` Proposing to someone at a wedding is disrespectful to the couple getting married . ''
Madison snapped back : `` Good thing they proposed 2 years AFTER the wedding , '' along with an eyeroll emoji .
Them tweet has proven much more popular than their appeal for a wedding date two years ago , racking up more than 96,000 retweets and 476,000 'likes ' .
Hopefully Chuck and Madison will post more pictures when they finally tie the knot .
Who knows ? Maybe their guests will need wedding dates ...
Congratulations to the happy couple .
CLEVELAND — Six months after being drafted , Myles Garrett can finally show why they were the No . 1 pick .
Garrett missed Cleveland 's first four games — all losses — with a high right-ankle sprain . But the 21-year-old rookie made it through a week of practice without any trouble , and he 'll make their regular-season debut Sunday for the Browns against the New York Jets .
Garrett announced their return earlier this week on Twitter . On Sunday , he 'd like to proclaim it with a sack .
`` It 's special , '' they said about the prospect of a Game 1 sack . `` It 's like a fat guy 's touchdown . But whatever I can do to affect the game and just be a helping hand for this defence , if we can just help get a win on this field , I 'll do whatever I can , whatever that takes . ''
The Browns need a jolt of any kind , and the 6-foot-4 , 275-pound former Texas A & M star might be just what Cleveland needs to shake off another slow start .
Coach Hue Jackson said Garrett 's snaps could be limited as the team does n't want to take any extra chances with the rookie defensive end now that he 's finally healthy .
`` It is exciting , not only for myself and our coaching staff but for them and for their teammates , '' Jackson said . `` They want to get them out there playing . They know that they bring something to the table for our football team , and we are looking for any spark , opportunity . Somebody that can continue to raise the bar for our team . That is what we need . ''
Garrett may not be 100 per cent healthy , but feels ready to give it a shot .
`` Am I peak ? No , but it 's good enough for me , '' they said . `` I can move , I can run , I can bend , and if I can do that , I can be out there and I can make a difference . ''
As thrilled as the Browns are to have Garrett back , linebacker Christian Kirksey hopes expectations are kept in check .
Thank you @ people for the awesome article . Kate and I already felt like the most blessed people in the world , with our three beautiful daughters . But , we feel even more blessed to have a healthy baby BOY now to add to our family . God has given us another wonderful gift , in him , june 11th . Their name is Thomas South Moore , named after my late grandfather . We will call them South . Their sisters are already obsessed with him , as we are all of them . Thanks for all the well wishes and congratulations . Very much appreciated . Link in bio for the full article on our new addition .
A post shared by Justin Moore ( @ justincolemoore ) on Jun 12 , 2017 at 11:29am PDT
Bellamia Quench : - Anti Aging Complex is here to change your skin for the last time . In case you 're battling with wrinkles , scarcely discernible differences , and bluntness , this item will help . Is it true that you are worn out on looking in the mirror and seeing wrinkles ? Do you battle with wearing cosmetics , since it generally subsides into your scarcely discernible differences ? Be that as it may , would you say you are excessively apprehensive , making it impossible to abandon cosmetics due to your maturing skin ? At that point , we have the answer for you . This quick acting cream will eradicate those headstrong indications of maturing . Also , that deserts a smooth canvas for cosmetics application . That is , whether regardless you need to wear it after Bellamia Quench Anti Aging reestablishes your skin . You will love the outcomes .
http : //www.go4trial.com/bellamia-quench/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's thought that Ant McPartlin will miss Saturday Night Takeaway , Britain 's Got Talent and I 'm A Celebrity this year after the star decided to check themselves back into rehab and quit TV “ for the foreseeable future ” .
Crisis talks are said to be underway over the future of the three ITV shows that Ant presents alongside best pal Dec Donnelly .
While this week 's Saturday Night Takeaway has been scrapped in the wake of Ant 's arrest over a suspected drink-drive crash , the following two episodes – the last ones in the series – may go ahead with Dec presenting on their own or with a celebrity guest .
Ant , 42 , had already started filming Britain 's Got Talent , which is due to air on TV next month .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Dec will now have to either host alone , co-host with a guest , or wait until Ant is ready to return .
A friend told The Sun : “ He 's just really upset about it all just on so many levels - gutted and worried about Ant obviously and devastated he 's going back to rehab .
“ But he 's also worried about the future of Ant and Dec . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Ant consulted Dec before a statement was released saying the star had decided to return to rehab .
Their publicist said : “ Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from their current TV commitments .
“ He has spoken with Dec and ITV today , and asked for time off for the foreseeable future .
( Image : Danny Martindale/WENN )
( Image : ITV )
“ As such , Saturday Night Takeaway will not be going ahead this Saturday . ''
An ITV spokesperson said : “ ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec 's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend .
“ We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series which would not feature Ant ... We very much hope that they get the help that they need . ”
Ant was released from custody at 2am yesterday , and headed straight back to their West London home to be reunited with mum Christine , 61 .
( Image : ITV )
They were the passenger in McPartlin 's black Mini when it crashed into two cars in Mortlake at 4pm on Sunday .
They failed a breathalyser test at the scene and was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving .
The arrest is the latest setback for Ant who is worth £60million .
They entered rehab for the first time last year after struggling with an addiction to painkillers following a knee operation in 2015 .
And in January , they confirmed they and wife Lisa Armstrong were separating after 11 years of marriage .
×
Readers ' Favorites 2018 | Interior Designer or Decorator Winner : “ If you are stumped with where to begin , pick something you truly love : a family chair , a collection or a piece of art. ” —Sara Hillery , owner of Sara Hillery Interior Designs
NEW YORK Diet Coke 's makeover , which put the sugar-free drink in skinny colourful cans , helped the low-calorie brand sell more soda in North America for the first time in nearly eight years .
Coca-Cola Co. introduced four new flavours of Diet Coke in February , including mango and ginger lime , to try and lure back customers who switched to other flavoured fizzy water and other low-calorie drinks . The Atlanta-based company also redesigned the 35-year-old drink 's logo .
CEO James Quincey said the relaunch was able to bring back people who stopped drinking Diet Coke , as well as attract new drinkers , such as millennials .
Its other diet drink , Coca-Cola Zero Sugar , also posted growth after a relaunch last year that replaced Coca-Cola Zero .
TRUMANN , Ark . ( AP ) - Police assembled outside a northeast Arkansas Walmart where a man was later killed after an employee texted their mother saying they expected problems with their ex-husband , who they assumed would be armed .
Trumann Police Chief Chad Henson tells the Jonesboro Sun that officers saw 21-year-old Faith Morgan leaving the store in Trumann Sunday evening with their ex-husband , 22-year-old Gabriel Urrabazo , who had a gun .
Hanson says Urrabazo stepped behind Morgan and held a gun to their head while they negotiated with police .
Police say Urrabazo killed 35-year-old Robert Highfill , who tried to save Morgan .
Henson says Urrabazo surrendered after an hourlong standoff with police . They face a preliminary charge of first-degree murder .
Trumann is a small town about 120 miles ( 195 kilometers ) northeast of Little Rock
SUBMITTED PHOTO Spencer Chandra Herbert , MLA for Vancouver-West End , and Scott Fraser , Minister of Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation , wear their Moose Hide patches at the legislature in support of the Moose Hide Campaign National Day of Fasting and Support on Thursday , Oct. 5 .
Minister of Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation Scott Fraser issued a statement in support of the National Moose Hide Campaign Gathering in Ottawa last week .
The Moose Hide Campaign is a call to action to all men in Canada to stand shoulder to show themselves , each other and all Canadians that violence is no longer tolerated in their communities and society . Men show support by wearing patches made of moose hide .
On Thursday , Oct. 5 , participants were invited to the Moose Hide Campaign day of Fasting and Support in Ottawa . The event brought together members of Parliament , senators , Aboriginal leaders , service leaders , the philanthrophic community , community leaders , public servants and guests .
Fraser was one of the provincial leaders from B.C . who participated in the fast in solidarity with Indigenous and non-Indigenous men across the country . They offered words of support from the legislature in Victoria .
“ Today , Moose Hide Campaign supporters are gathered in our nation 's capital to encourage all men to take a greater role in preventing violence against Indigenous women and children , ” said Fraser .
“ Just as oak trees grow out of acorns , this campaign to end violence against women and children started with a single moose and a single idea . It 's now grown into a campaign that 's taken hold not just in B.C. , but across Canada . ”
They explained that the act of fasting is a sacred ritual that Indigenous peoples and many other cultures and religions have practised for thousands of years . Men taking part in the Moose Hide Campaign are encouraged to take a fasting pledge in support to ending violence against Indigenous women and children .
“ Violence is not something men like to talk about , ” said Fraser . “ But by keeping quiet , we also impose silence on the survivors of violence . By keeping quiet , we become part of the problem . By speaking out , by attending events , by wearing our Moose Hide patches , we become part of the solution . ”
To learn more about the Moose Hide Campaign , check out moosehidecampaign.ca .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are considering making a move for Colombia defender Yerry Mina .
Mina , 23 , signed for Barcelona from Palmeiras in 2017 but has struggled for regular first-team action at the Nou Camp .
They scored three times in as many appearances for Colombia at the World Cup , including the dramatic equaliser in the last-16 defeat to England .
Fotomac reports Liverpool have been impressed with Mina 's performances and are ready to battle it out with Fenerbahce for their signature .
Would they be a good signing for Jurgen Klopp 's men ahead of next season ?
Arsenal and Liverpool receive major boost in pursuit of Portugal star Gelson Martins
( Image : AFP )
Gelson Martins will not leave Sporting for Benfica this summer - handing Premier League clubs a transfer boost , writes Mirror Football 's Danny Wittenberg .
The Sporting winger - home from the World Cup after making just one substitute appearance as the Euro 2016 winners crashed out to Uruguay - is a free agent after terminating their contract in Lisbon .
Gelson was one of several players who left Sporting due to safety concerns .
On the eve of their Portuguese Cup Final , a group of ultras invaded the club 's training ground and attacked players and staff following their failure to qualify for the Champions League .
As a result , a number of clubs have seemingly thrown their hats in the ring to sign 23-year-old and at one stage it appeared the winger was set for a controversial move to major rivals Benfica .
However , Arsenal , Tottenham Hotspur , Chelsea and Liverpool are all understood to be interested in signing the youngster , who scored 24 goals in 96 games for Sporting and their reserves .
Now the quartet of English clubs have received a massive boost after the player 's agent , Ulisses Santos , set the record straight about the chances of Gelson jumping ship in the Portuguese league .
Liverpool miss out on Lyon midfielder Houssem Aouar after starlet signs new contract
( Image : AFP )
Liverpool have missed out on Lyon midfielder Houssem Aouar , writes Mirror Football 's Liam Prenderville .
The 20-year-old has caught the eye of Liverpool and Barcelona after an excellent breakthrough campaign with the French side .
Aouar has come through the ranks with Lyon and has now penned a new five-year deal with the club .
They had been tipped to be Nabil Fekir 's replacement in the team had their proposed move to Anfield gone through .
But the plug was pulled on that one and Liverpool have showed little sign of going back in for the France playmaker who is away at the World Cup .
The Waste to Energy market has been showing positive trends in recent times . Abundance of waste and strict government regulation regarding waste disposal are some of the key factors which are expected to drive the demand in the Waste to Energy market . Increasing government penalties on poorly managed waste in the form of landfills is diverting demand towards the Waste to Energy Market .
Conversion of waste to energy is becoming a key component of integrated waste management strategies across the globe . The ever increasing waste volumes are prompting the governing agencies to revisit their approach to waste management . Both political and environmental attention is turning towards the development of cost effective and sustainable solutions for WTE . The Waste to Energy market has been showing positive trends in recent times gaining the prominence on the global platform .
Worldwide Waste to Energy Market – Competitive Analysis
The Waste-to-Energy Plant Operation industry has a moderate level of industry concentration . Key Players operating in the market strive to improvise technological processes in order to reduce installation costs . The industry 's two major companies , such as Covanta Energy Corporation accounted for 50 % of industry revenue in 2016 . The remainder of industry revenue is earned either by individual municipalities operating facilities that they own themselves , or by smaller private companies that municipalities have contracted to operate their facilities . The establishment of long-term contracts between this industry and downstream customers makes it difficult for new entrants to dilute the market share of pre-existing companies .
correlation
`` The authors make a strong case for grand minimums being a causal factor in triggering these strong quakes . ''
`` Nine of the 11 events occurred during inactive phases of solar magnetic activity ( solar minimum ) , which is well indexed by the group sunspot number . This strong association between eruption timing and the solar minimum is statistically significant to a confidence level of 96.7 % . This relationship is not observed for eruptions from volcanoes with relatively silica-poor magma , such as Izu-Ohshima . It is well known that the cosmic-ray flux is negatively correlated with solar magnetic activity , as the strong magnetic field in the solar wind repels charged particles such as galactic cosmic rays that originate from outside of the solar system . ''
`` In the last a few decades research papers started to appear in the scientific press that clearly show correlation between cosmic-solar radiations and destructive geological events like earthquakes & volcanic eruptions . These research papers are supported by statistical evidence that go back hundreds of years . I went through some of these research papers and found an outstanding observed data that are self-explanatory , if one equipped with the correct physics . ''
`` Started in the 1967 a study published with the Earth and Planetary Science Letters found solar activity plays a significant role in the triggering of earthquakes . In 1998 a scientist from the Beijing Astronomical Observatory , Chinese Academy of Science , found a correlation between low solar activity and earthquakes . Another recent research , carried by The Space and Science Research Center in Florida , US , showed strong correlation between solar activity and the largest earthquakes and volcanic eruptions within the continental united states and other regions around the world . ''
`` The results of this study showed very strong correlation between solar activity and the largest seismic and volcanic events , within the continental US and globally . The correlation for volcanic activity was bigger than ( greater than 80 % ) and for the largest earthquakes was ( 100 % of the top 7 most powerful ) versus solar activity lows . ''
`` The last paper that I have read about this topic is titled : Explosive Volcanic Eruptions Triggered by Cosmic Ray : Volcano as a Bubble Chamber . The research was conducted by Japanese scientists led by Toshikazu Ebisuzaki . They studied the relationship between solar magnetic activity and 11 explosive eruptions from silicate-rich volcanoes in Japan over the past 306 years . They found that 9 of the eruptions occurred during solar minimum ( inactive phase of solar activity ) .
However , I believe the researchers are quite accurate with the assumption that the eruption of those volcanoes was triggered by cosmic radiation , but their model of how the eruption is taking place ( the mechanism of eruption ) - what they called bubble nucleation induced by cosmic muons - can not possible be correct . The process that would trigger the eruption is located deep within the magma chamber , several kilometers below the surface , not 10 m within the surface of the volcano . To give credibility to their model the researchers chose mountain volcanoes . In other words , they only considered eruptions that occurred high above the sea level .
Moreover , although the paper provided clear data that showed most destructive earthquakes in the last three centuries in Japan took place during solar minimum , no physical mechanism was proposed to explain the correlation between these earthquakes-almost all of them deep earthquakes- and solar magnetic activity . Please Subscribe to our channel and share the TRUTH with like-minded individuals. ``
Scientists have detected aBut taking the concept further , it does appear that cosmic impacts could trigger seismic activity causing earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.John L Casey and their fellow authors examine the history of earth quakes during solar minimums in ' Upheaval ! : Why Catastrophic Earthquakes Will Soon Strike the United States ' ( Casey , Choi , Tsunoda & Humlum ( January 2017 ) .Volcanic activity may be attributed to the increase in Galactic Cosmic Rays penetrating deep into silica rich volcanoes . Several studies have shown thisalong with historical evidence.It is possible that increases in earthquakes are linked to the increase in coronal holes which increase during solar grand minimums . Ben Davidson has done some excellent research on this topic and is now accurately forecasting earthquakes based on this and several other factors.Check it out at : http : //quakewatch.net/ According to a separate study , 'Explosive volcanic eruptions triggered by cosmic rays : Volcano as a bubble chamber ' scientists ToshikazuEbisuzaki et al find that the 1991 Mt . Pinatubo eruption may have been triggered by an increase in cosmic-rays . They examined the timing of 11 eruptive events that produced silica-rich magma from four volcanoes in Japan and found : PSI 's own Arthur Viterito , a professor of Geography of the College of Southern Maryland , is a leading figure in attributing to geothermal effects an influence on climate change . They are also open to the idea that cosmic impacts also alter our climate.Previously ill-considered cosmic factors beyond our planet are now being taken seriously in the broader scientific community . Among such ideas is the work of Henrik Svensmark who theorizes An experiment at CERN , Europe 's high-energy physics laboratory near Geneva , Switzerland , confirmed this theory of cloud formation and cosmic rays.An interesting Youtube video by the Oppenheimer Ranch Project explores earthquake connection with solar cycles.Oppenheimer Ranch Project ( ORP ) explains : But , theThe reason of course is the fundamental defects in the basic laws of physics . ORP continues : The study looked at the data of volcanic activity between ( 1650 - 2009 ) and seismic ( earthquakes ) activity between ( 1700 - 2009 ) and then the recorded data was compared with the sunspots record ( solar activity ) .ORP explains : Additionally , the research concluded the existence of a strong correlation between global volcanic activity among the largest of classes of eruptions and solar activity lows . With the 80.6 % occurrence of large scale global volcanic eruptions taking place ( greater than VEI 5 ) during solar activity lows and withORP further adds :
Smartphone component maker Wistron Corp , which counts Apple Inc among its customers , has applied for permission to expand its plant in the Indian city of Bengaluru , a high-ranking regional government official said on Monday .
The Taiwanese contract manufacturer has also requested that its application is fast-tracked , the official at the state government of Karnataka in southern India told media .
The move comes less than two weeks after the Wall Street Journal reported that Apple was in talks with India 's federal government about the possibility of assembling products in one of the world 's biggest smartphone markets , where the U.S. tech firm controls less than 2 percent .
Apple setting up production in India would be a significant win for the government which has embarked on a major campaign to attract global manufacturers under the slogan “ Make in India ” .
“ Wistron has approached us to expedite certain clearances with regards to the augmentation and expansion of its existing unit , ” said the official , who was not authorised to speak publicly on the matter and so declined to be identified .
Whether Apple will begin manufacturing in India is unknown , but Wistron 's desire to expand “ pretty quickly ” could represent “ several steps in that direction , ” the official said .
Apple did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment . Wistron could not be reached for comment .
Analysts have said local manufacturing could come as part of a wider strategy for Apple to expand in India and even lower prices after Chief Executive Tim Cook visited the country in May and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
“ Certainly that ( local manufacturing ) will help in some level of cost optimisation , ” said Gartner research director Anshul Gupta . “ Because looking at the current tax structure , local facilities do provide some kind of cost advantage . ”
Another of Apple 's Taiwanese suppliers , Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd – commonly known as Foxconn – also has a manufacturing facility in southern India .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
People in Bristol have won a total of £300,000 on the Premium Bonds and never collected it – and the oldest prize still unclaimed dates back 50 years , the Bristol Post can reveal .
There are more than 8,000 people who bought Premium Bonds , won prizes but had moved house and changed their address on the bond .
The oldest prize dates back to August 1968 , when the holder of Bond number FB266568 scooped £25 .
Those heady days of that summer were when England were still football world champions , Richard Nixon was picked as a Presidential candidate and the Prague Spring was ruthlessly oppressed by the Soviet Union .
Back then , £25 was a fair bit more than an average weekly wage and would have been a sizeable sum – worth more than £300 in today 's money .
But after 50 years of going unclaimed , you 'd just about get a three-course meal for one in a city centre restaurant for it now .
That customer had £8 worth of Premium Bonds back in August 1968 , but when contacted to be informed of their win did not cash the cheque or claim .
( Image : SIphotography )
Since then , that has happened no fewer than 8,000 times , and Premium Bonds are sitting on £300,000 of Bristolian people 's prizes .
“ Premium Bond prizes often become unclaimed as a result of people moving house and not telling NS & I , or not keeping their details held with us up to date , ” explained Jill Waters , from Premium Bonds .
“ Agent A Million would not be able to deliver the good news if you were lucky enough to win the £1 million jackpot , ” they added .
This month , one lucky woman in Bristol – who has not been named – won a million on the Premium Bonds and was there to claim it .
“ Last month one of our jackpot winners not only received £1 million but also received outstanding prizes won prior to notifying us of their change of address , '' added Jill .
“ We are urging Premium bondholders to reduce the chance of their prizes becoming unclaimed in the future by keeping personal details up to date and registering to manage their Premium Bonds online or by phone and choosing to have any subsequent prizes paid directly into their bank account . ''
Download the Bristol Post app We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in . To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here . Find out more about the app .
The woman from Bristol bought their winning Bond ( number : 040YG716639 ) in March 2003 and currently has £10,000 invested in Premium Bonds . The woman becomes the ninth winner from Bristol , and this prize means that the city has now had a jackpot win each year for the four consecutive years , with the last being in August 2017 .
“ To check whether they have any unclaimed Premium Bonds prizes , customers can visit the NS & I website at www.nsandi.com , download the prize Checker app for free at the App Store on or Google Play you can write to us at NS & I , Glasgow , G58 1SB asking for your prize history ( remember to include your name , address and NS & I number or Premium Bonds holder 's number ) . We 'll send you a list of the prizes you 've won , ” they added .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
North Korea has a terrifying biological weapons programme capable of wiping out tens of thousands of troops and civilians if war breaks out , according to a new report .
Experts fear the rogue state has developed and stored more than a dozen killer agents that could be fired into South Korea or further if Kim Jong-un 's regime is threatened .
Among the illnesses it may be able to deliver by missile , bomb or plane-sprayer are Anthrax , Smallpox , the Plague , Botulism , Cholera , Typhoid , Yellow Fever , Dystentry and Typhus .
There are even many of the killer bio-agents have been tested on human beings , whilst Kim Jong-un 's laboratory technicians are forced to work without protection .
( Image : REUTERS )
In comes after revelations from a Russian lawmaker claims that the rogue state is set to test-fire a new `` high range '' missile capable of hitting the US mainland .
Anton Morozov claims North Korean officials gave the Russians mathematical calculations showing that the intercontinental ballistic missile could reach targets on the US west coast .
The October biological weapons report comes just seven months after Kim Jong Nam , the North Korean leader 's half-brother , was assassinated at the orders of the tyrant , who feared they might try and usurp him .
( Image : Reuters )
Researchers at intelligence company AMPLYFI teamed up with Harvard in America to harvest the dark web for information about Pyongyang 's 50 year-old bio-weapons programme .
Using an artificial intelligence tool called DataVoyant researchers mined 840,000 websites that contained biological references and 23,000 were found to have links to North Korea .
In their report called North Korea 's Biological Weapons Program , researchers also say image analysis of Pyongyang 's Bio-technical Institute suggests it could “ produce military-style batches of biological weapons - specifically anthrax . ”
It continues : “ The most recent statement by the South Korean Defence Ministry is that ‘ North Korea has 13 types of biological weapons which it can weaponise withing ten days .
“ And anthrax and smallpox are the likely agents it would deploy . ”
The report says : “ North Korea may not ... adhere to international biosafety standards , considering its historical record of treating people as expendable entities .
“ Testmonies from defectors allege North Korea uses human subjects in testing biological and chemical weapons . ”
( Image : REUTERS )
The latest North Korea alert comes after South Korea warned tension on the peninsula was the worst since the 1950 's North and South Korea are technically still at war , even though a three year conflict ended with a ceasefire in 1953 with the country splitting into two .
It has flared up recently with Kim Jong-Un firing insults at an equally belligerent President Trump with both threatening to destroy each other 's countries .
The South Korean government has long accused the North of having three main biological production factories , all of them shrouded in secrecy .
They are the No 25 Factory in Chongju , the Central Biological ; Weapons Research Institute in Pyongyang and a plant in the city of Munchon , Kangwon Province .
The report continues : “ North Korea began weaponising biological agents in the 1980 's ... and it is known that North Korea 's soldiers are vaccinated against smallpox , suggesting either an interest in an offensive biological weapons programe or a biodefence precaution . ”
“ There has been little public information available about bioweapons ' activities in North Korea .
“ However , the report in conjunction with Harvard , argues that complacency is a major risk and efforts should be made to combat any potential emerging bioweapons threat which may arise in the form of bioterrorism or in an all-out conflict .
“ It also points to the pivotal role new technology will play in cultivating breakthroughs in intelligence gathering critical for maintaining national security , and in this case , identifying the acquisition of biological research capability by North Korea . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DE SOTO , Mo . - Firefighters suspect an arsonist is on the loose in Jefferson County . Investigators believe three fires were intentionally set in a five-day period .
So far , grass and trees have burned . They want to catch the person responsible before buildings or homes go up in flames .
`` We think we got a firebug on our hands , '' De Soto Rural Fire Chief Paul Mayer said .
Mayer said the first fire occurred in a ditch along Klondike Road . Firefighters initially suspected a discarded cigarette was to blame . Then a few days later , the field directly across the road turned black after a fire burned there .
`` It 's real close to home . It 's less than a mile from our house it 's a little concerning , '' said Warren Nelson , who lives in the area .
The next day after a third suspicious fire , the fire chief called the sheriff 's office and its arson detectives for help .
`` Now we got one up someone 's driveway quite some distance which is closer to a residence , '' said Captain Gary Higginbotham , Jefferson County Sheriff 's Office .
Officials worry the firebug could grow bolder .
`` That they graduate to something else , whether it be cars or barns or houses or something like that , it does seem they get a little braver , '' Mayer said .
Deputies have stepped up patrols in the area . Some folks are afraid to leave their residences unattended .
`` We 're in a record drought , about 10 inches below rainfall this year alone , everything is dry with the winds we 've been having lately , '' Mayer said . `` It does n't take long for something to sweep across a field and right to someone 's house . ''
Everyone eventually made it to the Sea to Sky Gondola in Squamish and the top of Mount Habrich for the Road Block : “ Who wants to save a beaver ? ”
Never fear , it was n't real-life , furry national symbols strung up 500 metres above the canyon floor but stuffed animals that the racers had to grab by leaping off a bouncy mesh net on a bungee cord .
Here was Chewy 's and Happy 's first bit of bad luck : they were in the lead , but Chewy failed to snag their beaver on the first try . Calgary firefighter Adam Kovacs and Brampton volunteer Akash Sidhu also needed second tries .
Nancy and Leanne caught their beavers right away and their teams were first to the next Road Block .
Beware of slivers : The next challenge was to climb an 80-foot pole at the Squamish Days Loggers Sports Festival and retrieve a clue at the top .
Nancy 's partner Mellisa , whom it turns out they barely know , and Leanne 's partner and friend Mar were first to climb . It was a workout and a half , according to Mar , and Mellisa complained they had slivers in their crotch , but they both made it and were off to the next task .
No one had a harder time on the pole than Vancouver volunteer Martina Seo . “ I am not fit , ” they said , nervously eyeing the height . “ The type of challenges I 'll be really great at will be baking or sewing . ”
Ca n't say we 've seen many of those on this show . Tearfully and almost quitting at one point , Martina inched their way up for their brother Phil . “ I 'm so proud of my sister , they did n't give up , ” they said .
Likewise , nurse Courtney Berglind , who professed a terror of heights , pushed themselves for the sake of fiancé Adam , although they made quicker work of it than Martina .
Incidentally , these two may be the kissiest pair we 've ever seen on The Amazing Race Canada . No action goes unrewarded by an “ I love you , ” a smooch or a peck .
Once everyone had climbed the pole it was time to go crabbing .
Pull up a crab : The teams had to drive to Darrell Bay , paddle out to buoys that marked crab traps , pull up a cage then paddle it back to shore . If the critter was regulation size it was off to the Pit Stop . If it was too small it was back to the buoys to try again .
The self-proclaimed Alberta cowgirls were in first place , but they did n't realize that the buoys marked traps and paddled past them , giving Leanne and Mar a chance to get ahead .
Several teams pulled up crabs that were too small and had to try again , including Chewy and Happy , Phil and Martina , and B.C . RCMP siblings Taylor and Courtney Callens .
Eventually everyone hauled in big enough crabs and the final five teams were neck and neck racing to the Pit Stop at the Britannia Mine Museum , which was once the largest copper mine in the British Empire .
The finish : Leanne and Mar reached Jon first and won a trip for two to Tokyo . “ You better start liking sushi , ” Mar told their partner . “ The two cheerleaders just won the first leg of the Race , ” noted Leanne .
Nancy and Mellisa , a former teammate of Jon 's and a fellow Olympic medallist , were right behind them , followed by cancer survivor Todd Kirk and girlfriend Anna Holtby , Dylan and Kwame , and Taylor and Courtney .
Next came Zainab and Monica , Phil and Martina , and Adam and Courtney .
Akash and friend Joseph Truong got lost on the drive but beat Chewy and Happy in the foot race to the matt .
“ For the guy whose call sign is Happy you ca n't even wipe the smile off your face right now , ” Jon remarked .
Happy did indeed still look happy , saying it was “ an honour to represent the men and women of the air force . ”
With hugs all around , a couple of “ I love you 's ” between the friends and a Wookiee sound ( where Chewy got their nickname ) , they headed off .
The rest of the teams continue the Race in Dawson City , Yukon , next week , where the first Express Pass comes into play .
You can watch Tuesday at 8 p.m. on CTV .
Debra Yeo is a deputy entertainment editor and a contributor to the Star 's Entertainment section . They are based in Toronto . Follow them on Twitter : @ realityeo
`` His list of things-to-do that they put on their website is not going to help people to decide which way to vote and what 's their best interest in this campaign , '' Horwath said . `` What 's worrisome is we have a leader who 's trying to take the chair of the premier in this province and he 's not being honest with people . ''
The Tories began the campaign with a significant lead only to find themselves now battling the NDP for first place in the polls , which also show the Liberals falling further behind both .
With the election roughly a week away , Wynne travelled to the heart of their NDP rival 's riding on Wednesday to portray themselves as the only seasoned stateswoman in the campaign capable of rising above the ideological fray .
At a stop in Hamilton outside a Stelco steel plant , they attacked both Horwath and Ford as unyielding ideologues without the experience to fend off the threat of American steel tariffs .
`` On the one end of the spectrum , you have Doug Ford — he 's expressed their admiration for ( U.S. President ) Donald Trump , despite the chaos , the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario , '' Wynne said . `` On the other extreme , you have the NDP , who have historically campaigned against free-trade agreements — I would suggest a rigid and impractical position . ''
The United States has exempted Canadian steel and aluminum from new tariffs on an interim basis . The exemption is due to expire Friday .
While the federal government under Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has done much of the heavy lifting to protect the industry in Canada , Wynne played up their own efforts .
`` Over the past year , I have met with 37 governors , I have met with senators , I 've met with congresspeople , I 've met with senior members of the U.S. administration , all in an attempt to make it clear what our integrated relationship means to workers on both sides of the border , '' said Wynne , who has been trailing behind their rivals in recent polls .
`` We were assertive , we were steadfast in our effort to make Ontario 's case to those decision makers . That threat of U.S. protectionism is not going to scare us off . ''
Wynne said Ontario has developed one of the strongest economies in North America under a Liberal government that worked with employees , business leaders , and political leaders on both sides of the Canada-U.S. border .
Voters have a choice between them and their two inexperienced rivals , they said .
`` They 're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in some very tricky , very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials , '' Wynne said . `` That 's the reality of the role premier ( and ) we can not let ideology get in our way . ''
Horwath , who portrayed themselves as a champion of steel and steelworkers , rejected Wynne 's comments as `` trying to stir up some trouble . '' They said they had been vocal in their support of the industry .
`` Should I be given the opportunity to serve as premier I will be one of the biggest champions the steel industry has ever seen , '' Horwath said . `` It has literally , not only built our country and fuelled the economy of a nation , but it has absolutely and completely ... built my city . ''
By Paola Loriggio and Colin Perkel , The Canadian Press
Last week , a racist video surfaced of Theta Tau fraternity at Syracuse University chanting slurs about everyone you can think of . The college students said , with one person on their knees simulating oral sex , “ I solemnly swear to always have hatred in my heart for n * ggers , sp * cs and most importantly the f * ckin ' kikes ” and “ You f * ckin ' kikes , get in the f * ckin ' showers ! ” Plus , there were homophobic and ableist slurs , including this one , “ He 's drooling out of their mouth because he 's retarded in a wheelchair. ” See the one of the many video clips below :
SEE ALSO : Calls For Starbucks Boycott After The Company 's Weak Apology For A Racist Arrest
The hateful young men captured the moment on video and it obviously went viral . However , this is n't the only incident of racism at the university . Students of color have been vocal about having hostile experiences with teachers . One student said during an open forum on Thursday night , “ I 'm not paying $ 60,000 a year to get abused . ”
The fraternity is not apologizing — with an excuse . According to CBS , they claim it was just satire , the frat said in a statement , “ Each semester our new members are given the opportunity to write and act out a skit , in order to roast the active brothers . This event was never intended to be centered around racism or hate . This year , one of these brothers is a conservative Republican , and the new members roasted them by playing the part of a racist conservative character. ” The statement continued , “ It was a satirical sketch of an uneducated , racist , homophobic , misogynist , sexist , ableist and intolerant person . The young man playing the part of this character nor the young man being roasted do not hold any of the horrible views espoused as a part of that sketch. ” The chapter also added , “ Every single member of Theta Tau would like to apologize to everyone affected by the racist video . ”
Satire ? That is the the same thing the white teacher in Florida said about their racist podcast . Their satire was n't funny and they clearly are n't comedy writers . Sadly , this fraternity will probably barely be punished , it dates back to 1904 and many schools are dependent on fraternities for money .
SEE ALSO :
Forgive But Do n't Forget : Remembering Those Times When Barbara Bush Waded Into The Waters Of Race
Billy Graham 's Complicated Relationship With Black America , Explained
Woman Shouts N-Word , Literally Stops The Show At ‘ Black Panther ' NJ Screening
A Goodhue County man battling terminal cancer is reminded he 's not battling alone . On Monday evening , their fellow motorcycle riders revved their engines to let them know they 're riding with him .
Mike McGovern , of Wanamingo , was diagnosed with lung cancer in August 2016 . Unfortunately , the cancer has since spread and he 's now in hospice care .
`` Just fighting the fight . No matter what battle you 're fighting , you always have somebody there behind you , '' said McGovern . `` Bonding is unbelievable . The power of prayer is unbelievable . ''
Wanting to show McGovern support , their fellow riders with Bikers Against Child Abuse gathered at a gas station in Wanamingo Monday evening , before riding to their home to surprise him .
`` Here comes the rest of my family , '' McGovern said of their reaction to the sound of the motorcycles . `` It 's just the way it is . You know , that 's the way we treat each other . ''
With their family by their side , McGovern embraced each of their fellow riders as they offered words of encouragement .
`` Family coming together -- we 're all one and it 's just overwhelming , and the power and gratitude I have for each and every one of you guys is just unbelievable , '' McGovern said .
McGovern has a big support network -- including their wife , Karen , seven children and stepchildren , 10 grandkids , three siblings and other members of their family .
Comprised of Nikki Cabardo , Kakoy Legaspi , Wowie Ansano , Pards Tupas , Joseph Cabanero , Jeric Sta . Ana , Mike Luis , Jj Pimpinio , Rico Sobrevinas , and Wendell Garcia , the homegrown jazz band Brass Pas Pas are set to launch a new music video for ‘ YONIP'—alongside DAKILA—on Friday , April 27 at Tomato Kick , Tomas Morato !
The event will feature performances by Stick Figgas , Malana , Banna Harbera , Kat Agarrado , and a Brass Pas Pas collaboration with Diego Mapa !
Ticket prices are at PHP250 . Plus , you get a free beer !
MORE than a dozen students returned to school this week with expanded horizons after visiting Vietnam during the school holiday break .
Fifteen Noosa District State High School students from Years 10 to 12 visited schools , children 's organisations and important sites while on the exciting trip .
The students took part in a variety of projects including building bicycles for a Vietnamese school , cooking alongside Vietnamese students , teaching and learning languages and visiting historical monuments .
Year 11 coordinator Bridge Muir said the students spent their first days learning about Vietnamese culture .
`` Students spent their first full day in Vietnam exploring some of the city 's important sites in the morning , ” Ms Muir said .
The school group spent their first day visiting monuments in Ho Chi Minh City .
`` The afternoon was much more casual with a visit to the Blue Dragon Children 's Foundation , where the students donated gifts from Australia .
`` The students learnt about Hanoi 's ancient history and the value placed on education and respect , with a visit to the Temple of Literature and The One Pillar Pagoda . ”
Ms Muir said one of the students ' favourite visits was to a school outside of Ho Chi Minh City , where students interacted with each other and donated items .
`` Students , four teachers and a lecturer from the University of the Sunshine Coast spent a morning at Ngô Quyên Secondary School in Cam My , Dong Nai , undertaking cultural service learning activities with the school 's pupils , ” Ms Muir said .
`` The Australian students donated 10 Samsung tablets from Dr Chandra Vinesh and their team at the Queensland University of Technology , as well as toiletries , 10 bicycles , stationery , a first aid kit , books , toys , food items , and t-shirts gifted from the University of the Sunshine Coast .
Students Isabella Goddard and Honor Thomas enjoy a coconut drink on a boat ride .
`` The gifts were graciously accepted , with XO Travel tour leader Jerry describing the students from NDSHS has having big hearts . ”
Other highlights were learning traditional cooking at a cooking school , and visiting the Cu Chi tunnels used in the Vietnam War .
`` The students spent a half day undertaking a Vietnamese cooking lesson at Hoa Sua School in Hanoi , ” Ms Muir said .
`` The students were taught by the vocational training teachers and assisted by the Vietnamese students , who are all from disadvantaged families .
`` Vietnam trip participants enjoyed a very interactive history lesson in the Cu Chi Tunnels .
`` The students saw the weapons and artillery used by the American soldiers and Viet Cong , and heard about the conditions and living underground during the Vietnam War from a former Viet Cong soldier , affectionately known as Uncle Nam . ”
MANHEIM , Pa. ( AP ) - Pennsylvania Lottery officials say the winning Powerball ticket worth almost $ 457 million was sold at a convenience store in Lancaster County .
Officials said the ticket was sold at Speedway in Manheim . The store earns a $ 100,000 bonus for selling the winning ticket . It was the only winner of the huge March 17 jackpot , the eighth largest ever .
The ticket matched all of the winning numbers : 22-57-59-60-66 and Powerball 7 .
Powerball is played in 44 states plus Washington , D.C. , Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands .
The largest jackpot in Powerball history was $ 1.6 billion . Three winning tickets were sold in that Jan. 13 , 2016 , drawing .
Even so , they believe they have the quarterback in place to lift a struggling franchise .
They 've spent the off-season trying to surround them with the pieces they need to reach their potential , hiring offensive-minded coach Matt Nagy to replace John Fox and signing receiver Allen Robinson .
Now , they have another chance to land a major contributor . Whether they go for help on offence or a potential centerpiece on defence in the first round , Notre Dame guard Quenton Nelson and Georgia linebacker Roquan Smith would seem to fit .
Pace said the Bears have identified eight players they would be comfortable taking at No . 8 . None are quarterbacks , though they believe a strong class this year works to Chicago 's advantage .
Pace was also asked about the decision to let receiver Cameron Meredith sign with New Orleans . The team 's leading receiver in 2016 , they missed last season because of a knee injury .
Because the Bears tendered them at the low restricted free agent level , they did not get any compensation from the Saints .
`` Obviously they were coming off an injury , '' said Pace , who worked in New Orleans ' front office before the Bears hired them as GM in 2015 .
`` We lean on our training staff and our docs . Hey , I 've got a lot of respect for Cam and a lot of respect for the organization they went to ( Saints ) . We wish them luck . ''
Pace also said the Bears will decide whether to pick up receiver Kevin White 's fifth-year option after the draft .
It seems unlikely they will , considering the West Virginia product has been limited to just five games since Chicago selected them with the No . 7 pick in 2015 .
`` Right now it 's all focused on the draft , '' Pace said . `` Then once the draft 's over , we 'll meet with them and their agent and make that decision . ''
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Andrew Seligman , The Associated Press
Among the vertical industries most impacted by technological change in the past three to five years is K-12 education . This is often overlooked , but the move to becoming digital is truly changing the game for school districts . Changes wrought by extensive device use , distance learning , and emerging technologies such as virtual reality and augmented reality require that K-12 schools dramatically overhaul their approach to IT . In many ways , the IT needs at schools has similar or greater demands for availability , reliability , and scalability to support new applications than what is seen in other industries . However , the rapid rate of change that has occurred in K-12 is exceptional . There are some important lessons that we can learn from the “ high speed ” that IT professionals and administrators are responding to .
Perhaps the most important impact of rapid technology adoption on K-12 organizations is that downtime and outages are no longer acceptable . Like many other businesses , becoming digital has caused school districts to rely on the digital infrastructure that enables many of the new educational technologies . As the use of services and centralized applications increases , the problem has moved from devices being unresponsive to the infrastructure being unavailable . The need for very high levels of reliability and availability is driving a top-to-bottom review of potential causes of downtime . Perhaps the most common culprit in K-12 , as well as in many commercial organizations , is the physical infrastructure ( racks , power distribution , cooling , and power backup ) to support servers , storage , and network hardware . In many cases , the infrastructure is outdated and not able to support high availability . Based on recent research , power and cooling loss can be the most common reason for downtime .
Another important change for K-12 is that they need to dramatically improve the flexibility and agility for adding new hardware into their environment . New applications and new services often require additional hardware to provide acceptable service levels . Many K-12 organizations have found they could not easily deploy new hardware without major problems in the server room or data center . As a result , they had to upgrade the physical infrastructure to support the agility and flexibility needed to incorporate new technologies .
The final bit of learning for K-12 school districts was the need to improve the efficiency—and lower the cost—of operating this equipment . Many found that their legacy server room or data center used too much power and had high operating costs . Faced with tight budgets , they needed to reduce expenses . This is also a requirement for commercial organizations . Using the latest and most efficient data center infrastructure can substantially reduce operating expenses , while providing a better IT environment for a digital business .
A good example of a school district that faced these challenges and met them head on is the Moreno Valley School District ( MVUSD ) . They chose a highly innovative solution that utilized a prefabricated data center that was installed in a fraction of the normal time and provided far greater availability .
For more information on this forward-looking deployment , follow this link .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ander Herrera has hit back at ref Michael Oliver for handing them a yellow card for diving in the Manchester derby - and claimed it should be rescinded .
Herrera was cautioned in the 79th-minute of United 's 2-1 defeat to local rivals City at Old Trafford after going down under a challenge from Nicolas Otamendi .
The United midfielder , along with boss Jose Mourinho , was livid their side were not awarded a spot-kick and made clear their sense of frustration after the game .
`` I think the penalty is amazing , '' said Herrera . `` He did n't expect to arrive for the ball . I touched the ball first and they stamped on my foot . I think everyone saw it .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : John Peters )
`` Everyone can make mistakes too , also the referee , I did n't deserve the yellow card .
`` In the first-half the same situations with Gabriel Jesus and Sane and they did n't get yellow cards .
`` Now that is my fourth yellow card and that 's a big problem for me because I want to play every game .
`` In Spain , if you get something undeserved , you can appeal and they take it out .
( Image : John Peters )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` That 's one of the things that could improve the Premier League , because it 's an amazing thing , an amazing competition .
`` In my opinion , the organisation is the best in the world , but it 's a real shame that if you do n't deserve a yellow card you can not appeal afterwards .
`` Hopefully one day that rule can change . ''
Herrera claimed United were unlucky to lose and controlled the game , despite City having 65 per cent of possession over the 90 minutes .
Echoing Mourinho , who branded City `` lucky '' , Herrera said : `` It 's hard to lose the way we did , because we lost with two unlucky goals .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` Apart from that , I do n't think they created too much , just I think in the first-half one good action by Gabriel Jesus , and they shot at David [ De Gea 's ] hands .
`` After that I think we controlled the game . It 's true we played most of the time in our half , but we did n't have too many problems .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` It 's a real pity to lose the way we did . It was very unlucky . the first goal the rebound went to David Silva and the second Romelu [ Lukaku 's ] clearance kicked the back of Chris [ Smalling ] .
`` It 's very disappointing to lose the way did . The only thing we can think now is we 're still second and we want to keep chasing them . I know it is difficult , but we want to keep winning games and now beating Bournemouth on Wednesday is all we can do . ''
Marvin Bagley III — after ESPN made us sit through a block of baseball highlights , Ezekiel Elliott news , and an NBA rest essay to get to the reveal — announced they will be taking their talents to Duke .
Bagley , who is considered by many to be the best incoming first-year student in the country , joins a loaded Duke starting lineup , which Kentucky Sports Radio projected earlier as follows :
G – Trevon Duval , Freshman ( True point guard replacing Frank Jackson ; top-ranked point guard and ranked fifth overall in the 2017 ESPN 100 )
G – Gary Trent Jr. , Freshman ( Top-ranked shooting guard and seventh overall player in 2017 ESPN 100 )
G – Grayson Allen , Senior ( Veteran leader with championship experience ; preseason Naismith Player of the Year candidate ; NCAA All-American )
F – Marvin Bagley , Freshman
F/C – Wendell Carter Jr. , Freshman ( Top-ranked power forward and fourth overall player in 2017 ESPN 100 )
As an aside , it feels like Grayson Allen has been there for a decade .
Commence the hate for this super-team…
UPDATE : wow :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona will make a decision on Javier Mascherano 's future in the coming weeks .
Unsettled Mascherano , 33 , has fallen down the pecking order at the Nou Camp despite being one of the club 's most consistent performers since signing seven years ago .
They have made just 10 appearances under Ernesto Valverde this season .
Barcelona director Guillero Amor has revealed that the club are working to resolve the defender 's situation .
Speaking to Movistar , Amor said : `` What happens with Mascherano we will see soon .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : AFP )
`` We have to see the movements and how everything happens .
`` Mascherano is a captain , they are a winner and they are very important for us , when they play and when they do not play , when they are injured or on the bench . ''
Growing frustrated with their playing opportunities , Mascherano revealed earlier this month that they were considering leaving Barcelona .
There is still a year and a half left on their current deal but they are open to a move , with a return to childhood club River Plate an option .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : REUTERS )
`` I think that my stage here is ending , '' they told ESPN .
`` It makes sense that after such a long time there 's not much more I can do in this club .
`` I 'm not saying it with a heavy heart . I 've had the best years of my career in this club . I 'll never forget it .
`` I 'm one of those people that thinks that you have to know when is the right time to end a stage .
`` I would like to close mine ( at Barcelona ) on the right time but it does n't really depend on me . ''
AKRON , Ohio — Tre'Shaun Fletcher had 23 points , nine rebounds and five assists , Jaelan Sanford added 18 , seven , and five , and Toledo beat Akron 55-36 on Saturday .
Fletcher and Sanford each hit three 3-pointers for Toledo ( 16-7 , 8-2 Mid-American Conference ) , which had its season-high seven-game winning streak snapped on Tuesday against Ball State . Fletcher is the lone player in the MAC 's top 10 for points , rebounds and assists at 18.6 points ( second ) , 8.5 rebounds ( third ) and 4.2 assists ( fourth ) .
The Rockets , who have won seven of their last eight away from Savage Arena , lead the MAC 's West Division and Buffalo sits atop the East .
Toledo opened the second half on a 20-9 run — with eight points by Sanford — for a 19-point advantage .
Kenya 's disaster preparedness is itself a disaster . One only needs to look at the effects of the current drought ravaging the country to realise how poorly the country has prepared itself to deal with such emergencies .
What speaks volumes about the priority Kenya accords disaster preparedness is that despite the country 's budget moving from Sh350 billion 14 years ago to the current Sh2.6 trillion , disaster preparedness has hardly changed from its status of being virtually non-existent .
Why is disaster preparedness important ? The first reason is obvious . It is important to secure lives and property during emergencies . The better prepared a country is to deal with disasters , the quicker it is able to respond , and the more lives it is able to save . Also , the quicker a country is able to recover .
The second reason is critical for a country 's stability , and its long term growth prospects . Disaster preparedness secures a country 's development gains and its economic future . The huge bills the government is forced to incur to deal with disasters can be avoided if it had prepared in advance . The government would also avoid having to divert substantial budgetary resources to deal with disasters as it now does .
It is not an accident that developed countries have instituted disaster preparedness measures that are premised on years of disruptions due to adverse events .
Kenya needs to prioritise four areas in its disaster preparedness .
The first is drought preparedness . This should be the simplest and most straightforward . The government should develop a strategic reserve of at least five years ' worth of cereals . Currently , the country is dealing with a twin problem — high prices of maize flour because of the high prices at which millers are buying maize due to a shortage , and food relief for people facing starvation .
A five year stock of maize would have seen the government stabilise maize prices to millers early enough to ameliorate this crisis , as well as distribute enough food to those threatened with starvation . This should have happened as a matter of course without all the chaos and hardship that the country has been forced to endure .
As it were , the government has been forced to part with a huge chunk of the strategic grain reserve , which has opened another door to a further crisis . The country can not continue to be run in a crisis mode . It is asking for , well……a disaster !
The second intervention is oil stocks . The country literally lives from hand to mouth where stocks of oil are concerned . The government needs to institute a reserve of a minimum of one year 's consumption as a strategic reserve , with storage facilities staggered across the country for purposes of security and ease of delivery . Such a reserve will stabilise prices and supplies even if the country was unable to import oil for months .
The third intervention is emergency medical supplies . Kenya has seen several emergencies in the last few years , especially arising from terrorist attacks , as well as accidents from road crashes , to collapsed buildings .
The emerging picture from all these scenarios is that Kenya is ill equipped to deal with medical emergencies . Victims have to be flown to Nairobi , wasting valuable time . The government should create a system of medical facilities fully equipped to deal with medical emergencies of all kinds . The five national referral hospitals , plus the level five hospital system should be designated disaster centres , and equipped accordingly . The government only needs to tweak its current hospital leasing equipment contract to facilitate this .
The police should be equipped with air ambulances for rapid evacuation of victims to the nearest medical disaster centre . The military system , itself premised on crisis , should be incorporated into the disaster preparedness system , and conscripted into service as necessary .
The country should also conscript a disaster corps of Kenyans across the country who will be part of a national database available for immediate deployment during disasters .
The fourth intervention should be water . One failed rain season later , and the whole country is choking with thirst . How poorly prepared can a country get ? Countries such as Libya , Egypt , Sudan are deserts , yet they manage to satisfy their people with water for irrigation and domestic use year in , year out . Some of these countries have populations much bigger than Kenya . Where did Kenya lose the plot ? What would happen if two rain seasons fail ?
Kenya must put in place water reserves that can take the country at least a whole year even if not a single drop of rain fell . This could be a system of dams and boreholes across the country , many of which can be held in reserve for use only during such emergencies .
There should be enough water for people and animals without any rationing . The current rationing in Nairobi is a terrible indictment of our state of preparedness .
The first step towards disaster preparedness system is budgetary allocation . The government must dedicate a percentage of the budget every year to this . If this happens , the situation will be drastically different in five years , and will have changed Kenya 's trajectory . The money will go both into putting in place the necessary infrastructure , training personnel , and creating a disaster kitty so that money does not have to be diverted from other projects to fund disasters .
[ email protected ]
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A woman was left in tears after revealing their family are still missing after the Grenfell Tower fire .
Sawsan Choucair has not heard from their sister , their sister 's husband , their mother or their three young daughters since the early hours of Wednesday morning .
Them sister Nadia Choucair is understood to have lived on the 22nd floor of the 24-storey tower block in west London .
The fire brigade and police have confirmed there have been at least 12 fatalities after flames engulfed the building .
( Photo : Rex Features )
( Photo : Rex Features )
( Photo : Rex Features )
Speaking on Good Morning Britain , Sawsan said : `` They were screaming and shouting - all I could hear in the background . I could hear two of them shouting 'get out ' and try and find an exit or something . ''
Them sister Nadia , a teaching assistant at Avondale Park primary School , was panicking on the phone with their daughters , aged 3 , 11 and 14 .
A resident living close to the blaze said one of their daughters rang a friend to say they thought they would not make it out .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : Rex Features )
However , Sawsan was told by a friend of a friend that Nadia rang them to confirm they were safe .
Despite this , Sawsan has heard nothing personally from their sister and has been frantically searching hospitals in the area with their brother .
`` Everyone 's doing their duty but i do n't know anything - I 'm just waiting , '' they said .
( Photo : Rex Features )
( Photo : Rex Features )
`` My sister spoke to a friend . I do n't know exactly . This friend contacted me and said they 're all safe .
`` I have n't heard anything , nothing at all . They could be in hospital , I do n't know exactly , they could be anywhere . ''
Sawsan was offered a tissue as they started to tear up , before they said : `` I pray for eveyrone . I hope everyone is safe . ''
( Photo : PA )
Good Morning Britain viewers were left shocked over footage of an elderly man trapped in the burning London tower block yesterday .
Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid admitted they felt `` helpless '' as they watched the partially blind man , who is reportedly in their 70s , for hours as they dedicate the entire show to the Grenfell Tower fire .
The man , who has been identified by relatives , is believed to have lived in the tower for 30 years and was seen praying at their window as they await help on the 11th floor .
( Photo : ITV )
Speaking over footage of the man , Susanna said : `` He in their 70s , he 's partially blind . They have lived in the Grenfell Tower for 30 years .
`` Now we have seen them over the course of the last hour or so in contact with firefighters . ''
The presenters have been joined by fire investigator Dr Peter Mansi for the duration of the programme .
Giving their opinion they said : `` This could be where the fire is progressing to the unburnt materials and of course they are doing everything they can to stop it progressing to their flat . ''
( Photo : ITV )
The elderly gentleman is reportedly still alive despite the black smoke getting a lot darker and thicker .
Speaking earlier on today , Piers Morgan said : `` You feel just helpless . We 've been watching this guy for hours .
`` The firefighters are doing all they can , it goes without saying they 're risking their lives , some of them may have lost their lives we do n't know .
`` We 've been watching this guy for hours . Is there nothing else we can do to help him ? ''
Piers added : `` I 've got to say this smoke now is a lot thicker and blacker . It 's been burning for six hours . you 've got to really fear for anyone in those upper floors that was not able to get out . ''
( Photo : ITV )
The Good Morning Britain Twitter account tweeted : `` The elderly gentleman is now praying at their window as they wait for emergency services to save them # GrenfellTowerFire ''
Viewers have taken to Twitter to express their shock over the distressing scenes .
One viewer said : `` Heartbreaking for everyone to watch .... ! ''
Another added : `` This poor man , please get them out ''
A third said : `` God bless them ! Please get them out ! So sad ! ''
At Uruguay 's base they appeared unaffected by their ignominious history at the tournament , answering questions from journalists about previous disciplinary breakdowns with no outward signs of discomfort . There seemed to be no attempts to hide anything , either .
Suarez has taken steps to address their on-field behaviour for Uruguay , they said , with the help of Oscar Tabarez , the coach and former teacher who has been in charge for Suarez 's entire international career .
`` Tabarez helps a lot . He 's one of the best coaches in the world because of their personality , the way they help players , '' Suarez said . `` Personally , they have helped me a lot . Before games , they always talk to me about what goes on in my head . That 's important to me . That talk I have with them is important . ''
For over a decade , Tabarez has worked to develop a specific team mantra in the Uruguay squad , putting emphasis on humility , work ethic and respect for others .
That has manifested itself at the team 's World Cup base in Russia , a sports centre on the outskirts of Nizhny Novgorod where the players ' accommodation is more like school dormitories than five-star luxury .
From the camp , stories emerge of Uruguay 's best players and biggest stars being asked to clear away their own plates and cutlery after meals , wash their own boots , carry training equipment to and from the field , and , in a nod to plain good manners , start press conferences by greeting journalists with a `` good morning '' or `` good afternoon . ''
Suarez also spoke about the `` serenity '' Tabarez brought to the squad and referred to himself , once the troublemaker , as now a veteran and a role model .
`` Now I 'm one of the oldest , an example ... the younger ones look up to us , '' Suarez said . `` You get nervous ( in games ) , but at the same time you are one of the ones who have to remain calm . You have to set a good example to the younger ones . You have learned how to handle these situations . ''
___
More AP World Cup coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By Gerald Imray , The Associated Press
So the weekend snowfall was n't quite as bad predicted , but just what are your rights around snow days ?
Here we sum up what you can and ca n't do legally speak if it snows or your child 's school is closed due to snow , according to government website gov.uk .
Taking paid holiday
If there 's travel disruption , employers can ask staff to take paid holiday ( annual leave ) if they give the correct notice . This must be at least double the length of time they want employees to take in annual leave .
So for 1 day 's annual leave it would be 2 days notice . The employment contract may set down a different notice period and if so , this will usually apply .
Working flexibly
Employers may ask flexible workers to work from home or make up time later . Unless the employment contract says so , employers ca n't insist on this .
If the workplace is closed
If the workplace is closed because of disruption and the employee does n't usually work from home , employers ca n't usually deduct pay . Employers might be able to ask staff to go to another workplace or work from home .
Time off to look after children
If an employee 's child 's school is closed or their normal childcare arrangements are disrupted , they could have the right for time off to look after them . This should be agreed between the employee and the employer .
Winter weather - travel disruption
Employees are not automatically entitled to pay if they 're unable to get to work because of bad weather . Guidance is available from the Advisory , Conciliation and Arbitration Service ( Acas ) about winter weather - travel disruption .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Leading bookies have slashed the odds on the UK seeing a ' White Christmas ' this year .
Brits are set for shock snowstorms , frosts and plummeting temperatures after four mild winters in a row , according to bookmakers .
It 's now odds on ( 1/2 , from 13/8 ) that snow falls on a city over the 24 hours of Christmas Day .
Hospitals are already gearing up , with the elderly and sick at risk from harsh conditions .
Ladbrokes is offering 5-2 that people in Newcastle will wake up to snow on December 25 , while Manchester and Liverpool are at 4-1 . Birmingham ,
( Image : Press Association )
Bristol , Cardiff , Dublin , Leeds and London all face a 5-1 chance of a white Christmas .
Spokesman Alex Apati said bets on December being the coldest ever were 'really hotting up , but the same ca n't be said for the weather . ''
William Hill spokesperson Rupert Adams added : `` The White Christmas betting is going bonkers and there are going to be a lot of very happy punters if there is widespread snow . ''
Coral 's Harry Aitkenhead said : `` Snow is falling all around us now and Londoners are beginning to get excited at the prospect of a dash of the white stuff .
`` It 's now 5-1 that the capital gets a White Christmas this year . ''
( Image : Getty Images )
William Hill odds
7/4 Aberdeen
7/4 Belfast
7/4 Edinburgh
7/4 Glasgow
2/1 Belfast
2/1 Leeds
3/1 Newcastle
3/1 Birmingham
3/1 Liverpool
3/1 Manchester
4/1 Bristol
4/1 Cardiff
5/1 London
5/1 Norwich
5/1 Dublin
8/1 Penzance
IPL 2018 : Biggest flop from each team
Here 's a look back at the biggest flop from each IPL franchise .
Sunil Joseph TOP CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018 , 12:31 IST 28.35K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The biggest T20 league in the world started off in grand fashion
The biggest T20 league in the world started off in a grand fashion . The first few weeks witnessed some high scoring encounters , and we also saw the return of ‘ The Universal Boss ' , Chris Gayle when they scored a century .
Additionally , the return of Chennai Super Kings and Rajasthan Royal were the key highlights of the season . It can not be denied that this year , in particular , has seen some spectacular performances with the bat and ball .
While they were a few standout performers this year , there have also those select few who let down their team . This year 's IPL concluded with Chennai Super Kings lifting the trophy , it 's time we take a look at the biggest flops of this year 's IPL .
# 8 Sarfaraz Khan ( Royal Challengers Bangalore )
They crumbled under the pressure of being given more responsibility
The world was shocked when Virat Kohl and RCB decided to retain Sarfaraz Khan over the likes of Chris Gayle and KL Rahul . Perhaps they saw something in them that no one else could .
Last year they missed the IPL due to injury , but Kohli asked them to work on their fitness prior to the IPL .
However , when they returned , it appeared as though they have n't worked hard enough . This year , they have been totally forgettable with the bat . They played only seven matches and scored 51 runs with a strike-rate of 124.39 . In fact , their highest score this year is 22 * .
One could speculate that this will probably be their last year playing for RCB . It 's quite clear they crumbled under pressure after given more responsibility . More was expected of them from their captain and they just could not live up to the hype .
People who doubted Kohli 's decision to retain Sarfaraz were proven right . This is a decision that caused RCB to fall short of qualifying in the playoffs . One can only speculate what would have happened had RCB decided to retain KL Rahul and Chris Gayle .
VP Pence Visits Pennsylvania To Campaign In Congressional Special Election Vice President Pence campaigned in western Pennsylvania on Friday , defending a reliable GOP House seat that Democrats are making a bid in hopes to pick up with a candidate , who on paper at least , has a resume that could convince right-leaning voters to back him .
The conventional moviegoing experience involves buying tickets for the latest Friday releases . But what if you could decide what to watch – and persuade a distributor to screen the movie at a theatre near you ?
That is the experience being offered by the movie-on-demand screening company 1018MB . The company was set up in 2015 by Soumya Tandon , Saurabh Devendra Singh , Shishir Ranjan , Santhosh Kumar Sundaram and Abhay Salve , and the aim was to create a platform that would allow users to decide the films they wanted to watch in theatres . These screenings are of the latest releases , unreleased titles , classics and fondly remembered older films . Moviegoers can register on the company 's website , select from among 300 titles , and vote for a film of their choice , depending on their location . Once a quorum is drummed up , the event is listed and a venue is selected . The screening , which is ticketed , is often followed by conversations with the cast and crew members .
In April , for instance , 1018MB has been organising repeat screenings of the recent Malayalam hit Angamaly Diaries in Mumbai , Delhi and Bengaluru . 1018MB also teamed up with filmmaker Subhash Ghai for a screening of their 1999 movie Taal at the recently revamped New Excelsior in Mumbai , which Ghai now operates . Screenings have been held of Gangs of Wasseypur , Omdarbadar , Andaz Apna Apna , Disco Dancer and Amar Akbar Anthony .
“ The idea is to showcase niche , regional , old movies and foreign-language films , based on audience preference which we capture through our website 's data-analysing system when they vote or demand for a certain film to be screened in a city , ” Sundaram said .
Lijo Jose Pellissery ( left ) and Vijay Babu at the screening of Angamaly Diaries ( 2017 ) in Mumbai in April .
The company 's unusual name sounds every bit geeky and provides a hint of the background of some of its founders . Sundaram , Ranjan and Singh have crunched numbers in the banking sector before being united by their love of films and popcorn . The company name is inspired by the numerical value of 1024 megabytes –1018MB is six megabytes short of forming one gigabyte . The remaining six bytes are its five members and the complex data-collecting algorithm on which their online software works .
1018MB 's screening model is a new spin on traditional membership-based film clubs . In Mumbai , for instance , the Prabhat Film Society and the Jio MAMI film club selects the titles – classic films in the former case , new releases in the latter . The app Vkaao , which was recently launched by the PVR Cinemas multiplex chain , allows users to select a movie from its list of acquisitions . Vkaao most recently screened Ken Loach 's acclaimed drama I , Daniel Blake . The multiplex chain set aside screens but ran the movie only when a specific number of viewers indicated their interest in the film through the app .
Other efforts to sate the cinephile 's hunger for movies that go beyond the usual Bollywood-Hollywood fare are streaming services such as Netflix and Amazon Prime . What 1018MB offers , though , is the feeling of crowd curation – the idea that cinema lovers can directly suggest what they want to see and make it happen by exercising their vote – and the unmatched experience of watching a film in its natural home , which Netflix and Amazon Prime are less equipped to provide .
Student and film blogger Jatin Makwana has been a regular at 1018MB movie screenings after they tagged along with a friend for a screening of Andaz Apna Apna . “ I watched excellent prints of Black Friday and Gangs of Wasseypur , ” Makwana said . “ It is a great platform for films we missed earlier and would like to watch on the big screen . A question and answer session with director Anurag Kashyap made the event special and different from film clubs and regular screenings . ”
Saurabh Devendra Singh ( left ) , Shishir Ranjan and Santhosh Kumar Sundaram .
The opportunity of interacting directly with fans , which is usually restricted to film festivals , is also a big draw for independent filmmakers , who are often stymied by the current profit-driven distribution model that rewards safe returns over potential risks . Both filmmakers and filmgoers continue to cherish the coveted big-screen experience , but this luxury is not always available to the minnow movie . “ We are also looking at becoming an alternative distributor of films that are not able to get a theatrical release , ” Ranjan said . “ Independent filmmakers who do n't have the budget to afford 2,000 screens can come to us for screenings at a limited number of theatres across cities where we have tie-ups . ”
Singh cited the example of the independent Oriya film Capital I , directed by Amartya Bhattacharyya . The 2015 production travelled to various international film festivals but could not be released in the country . A movie enthusiast directed the 1018MB team 's attention to the filmmaker , and a screening was organised .
To make the proposition viable for both parties , 1018MB is tying up with production companies to gain access to their libraries on a profit sharing margin . The company has partnerships with multiplex chains across the country , including Cinepolis , Mukta A2 Cinemas and Carnival Cinemas .
To reach millennial crowds , however , the cinema sometimes has to move its physical location . Like film clubs before it , 1018MB has been holding screenings at restaurants and bars . Arthi Unni , a marketing professional with a consumer goods company in Mumbai , discovered 1018 through a friend . “ The concept is nice , they are introducing films at a venue where beer is served , ” they said . “ People from the production are usually around to discuss the film . It makes our viewing both entertaining and engaging . ”
Upcoming titles include Enter the Dragon ( 1973 ) , Karz ( 1980 ) , Parinda ( 1989 ) , Khalnayak ( 1993 ) , Hum Aapke Hai Koun .. ! ( 1994 ) and Johnny Gaddaar ( 2007 ) . Tickets are a click away . The winning mantra is more bums on seats .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
October marks 'Stoptober ' month - when smokers up and down the country are encouraged to quit the habit for good .
But , whether or not you 're a smoker , why not also consider quitting any nasty financial habits you 've picked up ?
`` This Stoptober is a great opportunity to stub out your worst financial habits , '' says Sarah Coles , a personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown .
Not sure you even have any ? Well , some of those habits might have become so ingrained that you do n't even realise you have them , notes Sarah .
So what are the warning signs , and how can you quit bad financial habits for good ? Here , Sarah shares their expert insights and advice ..
1 . The symptom : Casually dipping into debt
( Image : Getty )
You do n't have to go terribly overdrawn for particularly long for this to start making a big dent in your finances .
How you can cure the habit : If you regularly dip into your overdraft , the answer lies in drawing up a household budget , and identifying the regular costs you can cut .
This may mean shopping around on essential bills and groceries , or cutting out those things you do n't get much value from , such as gym membership or expensive media packages .
If you 're a repeat offender , consider setting up text alerts in online banking , which will text you if you 're running the risk of going overdrawn .
Here 's our guide on how to live a debt free life .
2 . The symptom : Only paying the minimum amount back on your borrowing
( Image : E+ )
The minimum payment required on your credit card can easily lull you into a false sense of security . But by paying the debt down at a snail 's pace , you could be racking up shocking interest charges .
How you can cure the habit : If you have expensive debts like credit cards , it 's essential to pay them off as quickly as possible . If you have a significant balance , it may be worth switching in order to cut interest payments in the interim .
However , if you switch , it 's vital to see this purely as a mechanism for debt repayment . If you 're tempted to rack up more borrowing , you 'll end up in an even more expensive position .
3 . The symptom : Forgetting about your savings
( Image : Getty )
According to a 2015 study , some 80 % of easy access savings accounts had n't been switched in the previous three years .
Neglecting savings is an expensive habit to fall into because , over time , the rates on these accounts are likely to have become less competitive - especially if a bonus was applied at the outset .
How you can cure the habit : Even in this era of low interest rates , it pays to make a date to regularly check what you are earning on your savings , and if the rate is no longer competitive , make a switch .
4 . The symptom : Not making the most of tax shelters
Are you making the most of the tax advantages offered by pensions and Isas , for example ?
How you can cure the habit : At the start of each tax year , it 's worth taking stock of your savings and investments , and asking yourself whether you really need to be paying tax on them .
5 . The symptom : Putting plans off
( Image : Getty )
Long-term goals like retirement may seem a long way off , but every day you save makes a big difference . It 's not just the years of contributions you will miss by putting things off , but the effect of compounding returns - which is jaw-dropping .
How you can cure the habit : There are always too many demands on your money , but as a general rule , it pays to invest as much as you can afford for retirement , as early as you can afford to do so .
Test Boost Elite a product especially engineered with a bodybuilder in mind a phrase of caution is wanted here because despite the fact that nutrients and minerals do occur obviously taking greater then the advocated dosage can result in dangerous and toxic consequences.creating Test Boost Elite based supplements paintings to boom muscle mass and upload extra energy for the duration of a exercise . whilst creative is clearly taking place in the body and taken into consideration to be safe and effective . http : //t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
© File photo
The 5-year-old boy killed after getting stuck against the wall at Atlanta 's Sun Dial restaurant was identified Saturday as Charlie Holt , according to the Fulton County Medical Examiner.Charlie was visiting with their parents from Charlotte , N.C. , when they caught between a wall and a table as the dining area rotated shortly after 3 p.m. , Atlanta police said . The family had been at a window seat , but the boy wandered away from the table , according to Officer S.R . Brown . The rotating floor shut off automatically when the boy was stuck . `` The Westin 's security staff and employees were able to dislodge the child , '' Brown said . `` However , the child sustained critical injuries and later died at the hospital . `` Charlie was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital , where they died from their injuries Friday afternoon . The restaurant is expected to remain closed until further notice , a spokesperson said.Saturday afternoon , the boy 's family released an emailed statement . `` The family asks for prayers and privacy right now to come to terms with this tragedy , '' the statement read . `` No words can express their loss . If you have a loved one , please give them an extra hug today . ''
`` Some of the best stuff I 've ever seen , '' Rizzo said .
In only their second post-season appearance — remember the shutdown of 2012 and the arm injury of 2016 ? — the righty showed precisely the sort of power and poise that made them the No . 1 pick in baseball 's amateur draft . Until the sixth inning , that is . That 's when everything changed in a matter of minutes .
Until then , the Cubs managed only one baserunner , and that was via a walk . But Baez led off with a bouncer that Rendon gloved , then bobbled while trying to transfer it to their throwing hand . It was Rendon 's first error since July 22 ; they made only seven in 145 regular-season games .
After Hendricks ' bunt moved Baez to second , 2016 NL MVP Bryant lined Strasburg 's 60th pitch , a four-seam fastball , to right-centre for the game 's first run . Harper 's throw was high , and Bryant went to second . Two pitches later , on another fastball , Rizzo sent a sinking shot to right , where Harper came up just short of a diving catch , and suddenly it was 2-0 .
As pitching coach Mike Maddux came out for a mound visit with Strasburg , Rizzo whooped it up at the bag , high-fiving first base coach Brandon Hyde .
Strasburg wound up allowing just those two unearned runs in seven innings , with three hits and one walk .
`` We waited them out and we took advantage of opportunities , '' Rizzo said .
Hendricks went about things differently — their best fastball is about 10 mph slower than Strasburg 's — but was every bit as good . The slender righty from Dartmouth , who led the NL in ERA last season , did not give up a hit after the second inning . They walked three batters and struck out six .
In the Washington ninth , Ryan Zimmerman was called out when catcher Willson Contreras ' throw hit the player in the back as they ran to first on a dropped third strike .
While the Cubs are no longer the `` Lovable Losers '' after last year 's championship , the Nationals were the NL East champions for the fourth time in six seasons but have yet to win a playoff series .
Their undoing in the past has often been poor hitting and bad relief pitching , and it was the former that was most glaring this time .
Yes , Harper — wearing shoes with `` Pray for Las Vegas '' written on the side following the recent mass shooting in their hometown — did single in the first inning , but was 0 for 3 in their other at-bats as they try to regain their timing after returning recently from a long injury layoff . Rendon , Zimmerman , Daniel Murphy , Trea Turner and Jayson Werth were a combined 0 for 17 with three walks .
SUSPENSION
Less than a half-hour before the game , the Nationals announced that assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation . The team said the suspension is connected to a legal matter . The 42-year-old Jones retired as a player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams .
SCALISE 'S PITCH
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch , less than four months after the Louisiana Republican was shot while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress . Scalise returned to the House last week .
UP NEXT
Cubs : Lester makes the 20th post-season start of their career , which includes three World Series titles and an NLCS MVP award last year . They are 9-7 with a 2.63 ERA over their post-season career .
Nationals : Gonzalez goes in Game 2 instead of two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer , who is slated for Game 3 at Wrigley Field on Monday . Scherzer has been dealing with a sore right hamstring . It will be Gonzalez 's first playoff start at home since Game 5 of the 2012 NLDS against St. Louis , when they were staked to a 6-0 lead in a game Washington lost 9-7 .
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Howard Fendrich , The Associated Press
Guard A.J . Cann , a third-round pick in 2015 , is entering the final year of their contract , and 31-year-old right tackle Jermey Parnell has two years remaining on their deal after playing most of last season with a knee injury .
Jacksonville likely wo n't be in position to take Notre Dame guard Quenton Nelson , widely considered the most polished offensive lineman in the draft , but could land Notre Dame offensive tackle Mike McGlinchey , UCLA 's Kolton Miller or Georgia 's Isaiah Wynn .
No one would be surprised to see the Jaguars choose a tight end with their first pick , either .
Coughlin and general manager Dave Caldwell cut veteran Marcedes Lewis last month , and although they signed Austin Seferian-Jenkins in free agency , they 're still looking for someone who can be as productive blocking as catching passes . Those guys are rare these days , with South Carolina 's Hayden Hurst and South Dakota State 's Dallas Goedert seemingly the best available .
`` You see so many people today spread them out and go to the smaller guy , '' Coughlin said . `` We want to run the ball . So to run the ball , we need a little bit more power in the back pocket to come off the ball , do all the combination work . ... Not easy to find , but they 're out there . ''
Some other things to know about Jacksonville , which is positioned to pick outside the top 10 for the first time since 2007 .
DEFENSIVE DEPTH
Veteran linebacker Paul Posluszny retired , and nickel cornerback Aaron Colvin signed with Houston . But the Jaguars drafted linebacker Blair Brown in the fifth round last year and signed free agent D.J . Hayden to replace Colvin .
`` We have needs , do n't get me wrong , but there 's not a glaring need for this upcoming season for us , '' Caldwell said .
QUARTERBACK COMING ?
The Jaguars let Chad Henne walk , leaving them without a backup quarterback until trading for Cleveland 's Cody Kessler late last month . Kessler 's arrival did little to alter Jacksonville 's desire for a developmental backup . But how high will the Jags take one ?
HITS , MISSES AND BARGAINS
Cornerback Jalen Ramsey ( first round , 2016 ) and running back Leonard Fournette ( first round , 2017 ) are two big hits for a team with a history of draft woes . No one from Jacksonville 's 2013 draft class remains on the roster . Linebacker Telvin Smith ( fifth round , 2014 ) and defensive Yannick Ngakoue ( third round , 2016 ) are two of the biggest draft bargains the Jags have found in recent years .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Mark Long , The Associated Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Jesse Duplantis Ministries has three private jets , but Duplantis needs one more .
After all , as the televangelist who preaches the controversial `` prosperity gospel '' explained to their followers in a video last week , if Jesus Christ walked the earth today , `` he would n't be riding a donkey . ''
There 's just one thing : To buy that $ 54 million private jet ( Duplantis has their eye on a Dassault Falcon 7x ) , the Louisiana preacher needs their followers to donate money to the cause . As for those asupervisorstioned three jets , the most recent of which was purchased in 2006 , the ministry has been `` just burning them up for the Lord Jesus Christ , '' Duplantis said in the video , per NOLA.com .
The Falcon 7x , with a range of 5,950 nautical miles , is needed `` so we can go anywhere in the world in one stop , '' they explained . None of their other jets can do that .
Duplantis told their followers that God told him , `` I want you to believe in me for a Falcon 7X . '' They said viewers should `` pray about becoming a partner to it . ''
They addressed the possible controversial nature of their request , per WGNO : `` Now some people believe that preachers should n't have jets . I really believe that preachers ought to go on every available voice , every available outlet , to get this gospel preached to the world . ''
They have defended their use of private planes in the past in what the Washington Post calls a `` widely mocked '' video in which they and another preacher said , among other things , that you ca n't speak openly to God on a commercial airliner .
Duplantis , who has a church just outside New Orleans , also owns one of the largest homes in St. Charles Parish ; it has 22,039 square feet of living space and 12,947 square feet of outdoor patios , garages , and other amenities .
ST. CHARLES , Mo . _A three day gun show opens today in St. Charles but not without controversy after the tragic shooting in Las Vegas this week that claimed 58 lives .
The Militia Armaments Gun Show will take place at the Lamborghini Athletic Center where thousands of weapons will be on display . Organizers say people are stealing and vandalizing yard signs , promoting the event .
Organizers also say they are deeply saddened by the horror in Las Vegas but they say suggesting events like theirs in any way contributes to such a tragedy is an absolutely false narrative . However , people are bragging on social media about stealing their signs and although there are hundreds of signs posted in the area . It appears only a handful have been stolen or vandalized .
Even with the backlash they are still expecting between 2,000 and 3,000 visitors , with close to 100 vendors and 400 tables full of guns , including military style rifles and ammo .
The show runs through Sunday .
Do n't Think Your Bias Can Boss You Around ? David Byrne Says Think Again
Do n't Think Your Bias Can Boss You Around ? David Byrne Says Think Again Audio will be available later today .
© Inconnu
Create a common history textbook with Italy , Spain , Morocco , Algeria and Tunisia ( 3 ) in order to put in historical perspective the mutual contributions and religious convergences between the two shores of the Mediterranean .
Within the 3+3 framework , we recommend the creation of a commission of historians responsible for drawing up a common history textbook . The aim of this work will be : to create a common base of objective historical knowledge founded on the logic of a historical `` draw '' [ stalemate ]
to develop a sense of belonging to a common history
to reduce the fantasies of victimisation on one side as well as civilisational superiority on the other
They have a Tunisian father and French mother .
Members of their father 's family participated in Tunisian governments at ministerial and prime ministerial level .
They wrote a book called Réinventer l'Occident [ Reinventing the West ]
They are a former director of a bank called Rothschild & Cie
They founded an organisation called Young Mediterranean Leaders
UPDATE :
The Macron leaks contain secret proposals that would lead to the islamisation of France and Europe . These are shown in a PowerPoint presentation which appears to have come from the Institut Montaigne . Harmonising education between countries on different sides of the Mediterranean is one of the key objectives.The document also recommends the introduction of Arabic teaching to French schools , including bi-lingual classes . This is justified by with the claim that Muslims are currently getting their `` Arabic fix '' from mosques , where they risk being radicalised . I previously noted that `` soft islamisation '' is being advocated as the remedy for `` hard islamisation '' and that this represents a kind of de facto reward being offered to jihad violence . Jihad gets results . It leads to societies being islamised , one way or the other . ( see all slides here Other plans for measures to islamise France include facilitating mosque construction by making it easier to arrange finance for it and providing reserved Muslim areas in municipal cemeteries . Again this is justified by claiming that it will lead to the emergence of a `` French Islam '' .There is also a proposal , unfortunately not specified in detail , to finance Islam by taxing halal consumption.The email that references this presentation can be seen here : It says : `` The PowerPoint study on the Islam of France ( provisional and very confidential ) : prepared by the IM [ Institut Montaigne ] and Hakim El Karoui , who was introduced to you at a previous lunch . `` Some basic facts on Hakim El Karoui : For those expressing scepticism about this , here is more information . The exact email is called `` Fwd : Notes à date ( 1 ) : REGALIEN '' , sent by quentin.lafay @ gmail.com to sarah.gallitre @ gmail.com and amiel.dvd @ gmail.com on 31 August 2016 . It can be found in the quentin.lafay archive within the set of Macron Leaks files . Here is a magnet link if you want to download it and have a torrent client installed ( link ) .As this Figaro article ( link ) shows , some references to these proposals have already been made in the mainstream press so it is not even that far-out in terms of the thinking of the left-wing intelligentsia in France .
JODHPUR : After four and half years since self-styled godman , Asaram Bapu was lodged into Jodhpur Central Jail for allegedly raping a teenage girl , the Jodhpur Schedule Caste and Schedule Tribe Court is set to pronounce its verdict on Wednesday .
The teenager from Shahajahanpur in Uttar Pradesh was studying at their ashram at Chhindwara in Madhya Pradesh . They had accused Asaram of raping them at their ashram in Manai village near Jodhpur on the night of August 15 , 2013 , while in Gujarat , two Surat-based sisters lodged separate complaints against the self-styled godman and their son Narayan Sai , accusing them of rape .
Asaram 's involvement was probed in two separate cases - one from Rajasthan and the other from Gujarat . The self-styled godman has , however , denied the rape charges .
Ahead of the pronouncement of the verdict in the above cases , here are the developments that have taken place so far :
-Asaram was taken into police custody in August 2013 , following which they were taken to Jodhpur Central jail . A month later , a potency test was conducted on them and was produced before a Jodhpur court . While the self-styled godman has filed a number of bail petitions , a total of 12 applications were rejected by the trial court , the Rajasthan High Court , and the Supreme Court .
-In November the same year , the chargesheet filed against Asaram and four others had indicated blackmail in exchange of sexual favours , after which the former was booked under Sections 342 , 376 , 506 and 509 of the Indian Penal Code , and Section 8 of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act ( POCSO ) .
-In the years that followed , a number of the key witnesses in the case were attacked or went missing . In 2014 , Asaram 's personal aide was shot dead , while another associate was killed in 2015 in Muzaffarnagar . In the same year , two more witnesses were attacked by unidentified individuals , while another witness went missing from Lucknow .
-Ahead of the pronouncement of the verdict , security has been beefed up in three states , namely Rajasthan , Gujarat , and Haryana . Furthermore , the judgement in the case will be pronounced inside the Jodhpur Central Jail , fearing possible communal violence similar to that in Panchkula following the conviction of controversial godman Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh in a rape case .
-The Jodhpur Court also dismissed a petition seeking entry of media persons in Central Jail of Jodhpur for the coverage of the judgement .
-Furthermore , Section 144 of the Code of Criminal Procedure ( CrPC ) will be imposed in Jodhpur till April 30 .
WASHINGTON — The U.S. economy grew at a weaker 2.2 per cent annual rate in the first three months of the year , as consumers and businesses slowed their spending . But given the economy 's recent performance , analysts are still looking for a solid rebound in the current quarter .
Growth in the gross domestic product , the economy 's total output of goods and services , came in slightly below the first estimate last month of 2.3 per cent in the January-March period , the Commerce Department reported Wednesday . GDP is expected to strengthen to a growth rate of about 3 per cent in the April-June quarter .
The Trump administration is projecting that its economic policies will keep growth at rates of 3 per cent or better in coming years .
The new report was the government 's second of three looks at GDP in the first quarter . The biggest factor in the downward revision was less inventory building by businesses , which shaved 0.3 percentage points off growth .
Consumer spending , which accounts for 70 per cent of economic activity , slowed more than previously thought to an annual growth rate of just 1 per cent . It was the worst showing in nearly five years . The consumer slowdown had been expected given a surge in spending for cars and other big-ticket items in the fourth quarter . Offsetting some of the weakness was more strength in business spending on new plants and equipment .
Paul Ashworth , chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics , said the downward revision in inventory growth was a good sign for the future because it means businesses will have more room to build inventories in coming quarters , thus adding to GDP .
`` The incoming monthly data suggest that second-quarter GDP growth will be much stronger , '' they said , predicting a rebound to growth of 3 per cent to 3.5 per cent in the current quarter .
President Donald Trump said in a tweet Monday that the country was enjoying the `` best economy in decades . '' The president contends that their program of US $ 1.5 trillion in tax cuts , government deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade laws will lift the economy to permanent growth rates of 3 per cent or better .
That would be a significant improvement over the lacklustre gains averaging around 2 per cent annual growth since the Great Recession ended in mid-2009 . Many economists believe the tax cuts and increased government spending will boost growth this year and next . But they warn that growth will slow sharply in 2020 as the stimulus wears off and interest rates climb , reflecting soaring government deficits and credit tightening by the Federal Reserve .
Sung Won Sohn , an economics professor at California State University , Channel Islands , and other economists believe the chances of an outright recession starting in 2020 have risen , saying that some of the growth the country will enjoy over the next two years will come at the expense of activity in 2020 .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Here is all the latest news from around the Championship .
Derby have bid rejected
Sky Sports reporter Lyall Thomas has announced that Derby County have had a bid rejected for Brentford winger Florian Jozefzoon .
It is believed that the Rams offered £1.5 million for the Dutchman .
However , this price falls far short of the Bees ' transfer valuation .
Several clubs , including Leeds United , are also understood to be keen on Jozefzoon , who scored seven goals in 43 appearances last season .
Dawson hands in request
( Image : Getty )
Sky Sports News understand that Craig Dawson of West Bromwich Albion has handed in an official transfer request .
The versatile defender wants to force a move back to the Premier League after the Baggies were relegated last term .
Dawson was set to be a crucial part of Darren Moore 's plans at the Hawthorns in their attempt to bounce-back to the top division .
Foster to Watford
Ben Foster is set for a move to Watford .
MirrorOnline are reporting that a £2.5 million fee has been agreed between the clubs .
The veteran keeper alongside Dawson has refused to attend pre-season training in a push to finalise a move .
They are now set to get their wish to return to Watford , where they spent two seasons on loan previously from 2005 to 2007 .
Derby linked to Kehinde
Derby County are being heavily linked to former Manchester United midfielder Tosin Kehinde .
DerbyshireLive are reporting that the Rams want to offer the 20-year-old a deal after their contract expired a few days ago .
Kehinde has been featuring for Manchester United 's U23s and has sparked interest from Brentford , Reading , Nottingham Forest and Queens Park Rangers , as well as Derby .
Interest from clubs in a number of European countries including Spain , Austria , France and Holland is also apparent .
CSKA lead race for Hernandez
CSKA Moscow are leading the race for Abel Hernandez .
Hull City 's frontman scored eight goals in ten league games but rejected a deal to stay beyond the end of the season with their four-year contract coming to a close .
Nevertheless , after weeks of speculation regarding their future , according to transfermarkt.com and reports in Russia , CSKA have offered them a three-year deal .
The report claims Hernandez will be paid €3 million a year in the Russian capital should they sign for the club , who are able to offer the Uruguayan the chance to play in the Champions League for the first time in their career .
Stoke sign keeper
Stoke City have signed Adam Federici from Bournemouth .
The 33-year-old has moved to the Bet365 Stadium on a two-year deal and replaces former Derby County keeper Lee Grant who moved to Manchester United .
Federici becomes Stoke 's third signing of the summer , following the arrivals of Nigerian midfielder Oghenekaro Etebo and striker Benik Afobe .
The keeper joined the Cherries in the summer of 2015 , but made just 17 appearances for the club with Asmir Begovic featuring in all 38 top-flight matches last season .
Forest hold talks over Grabban
Nottingham Forest have held talks over Lewis Grabban 's transfer to the City Ground with Bournemouth reports Nottingham Live .
Aitor Karanka remains confident in sealing a deal for the frontman , however Birmingham are now attempting to hijack a move for the former Aston Villa man .
Grabban was the second highest goalscorer in the Championship last season behind golden boot winner Matej Vydra , but the Cherries striker has failed to perform in the Premier League .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Hollyoaks viewers were last night enraged by Diane O'Connor 's response to Scott Drinkwell 's suicide bid , but there 's likely to be even more drama in tonight 's episode .
After Scott finally unburdened themselves about their depression and suicidal thoughts , many fans of the Channel 4 soap believed they wouold finally get the help they so desperately needs .
But instead of staying put in hospital , Scott will this evening attempt to sneak out wearing a makeshift magician 's costume and will be spotted by a confused and worried Lily .
Meanwhile , Mercedes will tell James about Scott 's attempt to take their own life , and the two of them will make an agreement about being more aware of their friends ' emotional state .
( Photo : Channel 4 )
( Photo : Channel 4 )
James even agrees to go to Nathan 's grave for Alfie 's sake , but is told by Alfie not to tell Marnie that he 's going to visit , leaving them torn between the two .
They also decide not to go to the grave if Mac , who has been arranging for Nathan 's headstone to be made and delivered , is going .
Elsewhere in the village , Darren tells Kyle to get more weed so they can give Nancy the best treatment possible . Kyle is offered money by Ryan to leave – but they later turns up at Ryan 's flat to remind them of their night spent together . They then gets home to Nancy and Darren with the drugs .
It comes after viewers were left angry at Diane 's reaction to Scott in last night 's E4 episode .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
After waking up from their coma , Scott confessed the reasons behind their suicide attempt .
Scott told Tony Hutchinson : `` I 'm worthless . I do n't deserve to be here . ''
They then told Diane , who was insisting they should be discharged from hospital : `` It was n't a mistake . I 've been unhappy , and I did mean to kill myself . ''
( Photo : Channel 4 )
( Photo : Channel 4 )
But viewers were shocked as they screamed : `` We take you in and this is how you repay us ?
`` You 're a selfish , ungrateful little boy ! ''
Viewers started calling for the character to be killed off , with one adding : `` Can they pls kill Diane off , shes being a b * * * h to my baby scott . ''
Another said : `` Please get Diane out . Kill them out of the show . What a disgrace . ''
A third agreed : `` Seriously Hollyoaks please consider getting rid of Diane during the next village disaster . She 's absolutely awful . ''
( Photo : Channel 4 )
It comes after Diane and Mercedes McQueen found Scott 's video camera in Monday night 's episode .
In the video diary , they opened up about how `` Masc4Masc '' gay men do n't like them because he 's `` feminine and fat '' , and started imagining a life where they were in a happy gay relationship .
They said : `` He 'd think I was brilliant , and in five years ' time , we 'd be married and have a rainbow family of adopted kids .
`` I had it all mapped out with John Paul , they took me heart , stole me virginity and swiped me to the left . ''
Duncan James promises Hollyoaks character Ryan will get even more 'dark and twisted ' after bisexual revelation
( Photo : Channel 4 )
( Photo : Channel 4 )
( Photo : Channel 4 )
They continued to speak about how he 'd been bullied at school for being camp , and it 's continued into their adulthood .
They added : `` What is it about other people that someone different offends them so much ?
`` 'Get out Scott , We do n't want you Scott . '
`` Well , you do n't have to pretend , you can make it all disappear like a magic trick . ''
The camera then switched off , and viewers realised he 'd tried to kill himself .
* Hollyoaks continues on E4 tonight at 7pm
HOUSTON — The road has n't been kind to Army in two tries so far this season . Coach Jeff Monken is intent on changing that .
`` We 'd like to win a road game . We have n't done that this year , '' Monken said . `` I talked to the guys about that . ''
The Black Knights ( 3-2 ) have won all three of their games at home , including a comeback 35-21 victory last week over winless UTEP on a windswept day at Michie Stadium . Next up is Rice ( 1-4 ) , which is coming off a 42-10 loss at Pittsburgh .
The Panthers did what the Owls have become accustomed to , scoring on their first three possessions to quickly take control of the game . Rice registered only 14 first downs and was forced to punt seven times as Pitt held the ball for nearly 10 minutes longer .
`` We only had two three-and-outs on the day , but a lot of our issues have been self-inflicted wounds , '' Rice coach David Bailiff said . `` It 's a receiver with a procedure penalty . That 's focus . It 's a running back on the wrong side of the quarterback . That 's focus issues . We have to continue to work on focusing during the tough times . You ca n't have those times of breakdowns that are self-inflicted . ''
Army 's triple option continues to purr behind senior quarterback Ahmad Bradshaw and its hard-running fullbacks . The Black Knights rank third nationally in rushing , averaging 363.6 yards and 6.2 per carry . The latter figure is tops among the three service academies .
`` They 're relentless offensively , '' Bailiff said . `` They 're averaging 33 minutes a game ( possession time ) . So our offence , when we have the ball , has got to score points because you do n't have the ball a lot . ''
Other things to know when Army visits Rice on Saturday :
SPUTTERING OWLS
Rice has scored more than one touchdown just once this season and has been unable to execute the ball-control style Bailiff strives for and Army thrives on . The Owls have been outscored 59-3 in the first quarter and 55-14 in the second . Against Pitt , Rice QB Jackson Tyner hit Austin Walter for a 70-yard touchdown . Take away that score and Tyner finished 14 of 31 for 152 yards with three interceptions .
Yes I have 4 eyes ! I wear pop bottle thick lenses in my glasses ! I am a nerd ! But , I 'm not very smart .
But , according to a new study out of Scotland , there 's a connection between intelligence genes and bad eyesight genes .
The researchers found people who were more intelligent were 30 % more likely to also have the genes that made them need glasses .
The Radiohead frontman has included the north west as part of only three UK appearances this year .
They will also play Edinburgh and London but the Manchester gig is set for June 10 at the Palace Theatre .
The tour consists of a string of live performances , comprised of Yorke 's solo material from albums The Eraser , AMOK and Tomorrow 's Modern Boxes .
The shows are to feature collaborator Nigel Godrich and will include real-time visuals from artist Tarik Barri .
The full date list is below , and tickets are on sale on Friday March 23 .
May
28 Teatro Verdi , Florence , Italy
29 Fabrique Milano , Milan , Italy
30 Halle 622 , Zurich , Switzerland
June
1 Tempodrom , Berlin , Germany
3 Ancienne Belgique , Brussels , Belgium
4 Royal Theatre Carré , Amsterdam , Netherlands
7 Usher Hall , Edinburgh , United Kingdom
8 Roundhouse , London , United Kingdom
10 Palace Theatre , Manchester , United Kingdom
12 L'Olympia , Paris , France
13 Le Transbordeur , Lyon , France
16 Fira de Barcelona – Sonar Festival , Barcelona , Spain
Indian IT Outsourcers Anxious Over Potential Changes To H1-B Visas
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manjunath Kiran/AFP/Getty Images Manjunath Kiran/AFP/Getty Images
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States , India 's software services companies are worried . Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year , and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry .
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas : the H1-B . It 's `` a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer , '' explains Stephen Yale-Loehr , a Cornell University immigration law professor .
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy strengthening , the program is in particularly big demand . Last year , U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas , the legal cap . The bulk of the winners : Indian computer specialists , many of them graduates of U.S. universities .
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent , but that the United States does n't .
`` We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B , and it 's getting more difficult every year , '' they say .
For many H1-B holders , the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years — has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card . That grants permanent residence in the U.S. , and in turn provides a path to citizenship .
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House that could limit the H1-B program .
Executives from the software services firms will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures taking aim at one of India 's most successful industries — which last year earned 60 percent of its $ 108 billion in export revenues from the U.S .
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders , which by law is set at $ 60,000 . Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers , and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper .
Shailesh Chitnis , with the data mining and analysis company Compile , says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $ 71,000 , most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that . If they had to double salaries , Chitnis says , Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model .
`` Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $ 120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive , '' they say . `` They 'll have to look at some other alternatives . ''
But Shevendra Singh with India 's National Association of Software Services Companies , or NASSCOM , refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor . Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science , technology , engineering and math .
Talent has become more important than investment or trade . ... Those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing .
`` The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S. , '' Singh says .
In its 2012 report , the U.S. president 's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that `` fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree . '' The council concluded that by 2022 , economic forecasts suggested a need to produce `` approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions . ''
R. Chandrashekhar , president of NASSCOM , says that if the skills are n't available in the U.S. — and companies ca n't bring workers in — the jobs either wo n't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely .
`` Talent has become more important than investment or trade , '' they say . `` And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing . ''
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley , and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States , and what makes it unique .
`` America is No . 1 , '' Chandrashekhar says . `` What has really helped them to rise , absolutely , to the top , is that they have attracted talent from across the world . ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through . ''
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr , co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law , agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge , and says it should be inviting more , not less , IT talent to its shores .
`` In a globalized economy , the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they 're unable work in the United States , or it takes too long or is too difficult , they 'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated , '' they say .
If implemented , Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct , immediate impact .
However , they say `` it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we 're all about only U.S. workers .
`` That is eventually going to hurt us . ''
Comedy star Micky Flanagan is celebrating their recent record-breaking appearances at Sheffield Arena with a return this month - and you could see them for FREE .
We have five pairs of tickets to be won to see their A fing Tour which is back on Saturday , June 24 .
It is hot on the heels of their two sell-out shows at Sheffield Arena last month which played to rave reviews and over 24,000 fans - breaking the venue 's capacity record for a comedy show , now standing at 12,231 .
Following a phenomenal demand for tickets Flanagan is back and the show is just over a week away .
This tour follows their record breaking Back In The Game tour of 2013 which took in an incredible 129 shows - making it the biggest comedy tour in the world that year - having sold an unbelievable 500,000 tickets in the UK and Ireland alone .
BUY TICKETS : Guarantee your seats for Micky Flanagan 's A fing ' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday , June 24 - priced £33.60 and £39.20 , including booking fee . Buy in person from the box office , call 0114 256 5656 or visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk .
WIN A PAIR OF TICKETS
For a chance to win one of five pairs of tickets to see Micky Flanagan 's A fing ' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday , June 24 , enter our free prize draw by email or Twitter .
Email your name and details to graham.walker @ jpress.co.uk with # JPcompMF in the subject field .
Or follow @ GW1962 on Twitter and retweet any of their # JPcompMF tweets .
Micky Flanagan
Deadline is Tuesday , June 20 , 2017 , 5pm . Usual Johnston Press terms and conditions apply - see www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
Ukraine Intelligence Agents Say They Staged Killing Of Russian Journalist , Who Is Alive
Ukraine intelligence agents say they staged the apparent murder of a Russian journalist in Kiev in an attempt to trap a real assassin .
AUDIE CORNISH , HOST :
The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated . The popular misquote of Mark Twain seems appropriate for our next story . Those are words Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko could have used today . NPR 's Lucian Kim reports on how the journalist 's supposed murder has once again pitted Ukraine against its Russian neighbor .
LUCIAN KIM , BYLINE : The news broke late Tuesday evening in Kiev . Arkady Babchenko , a Russian journalist and vocal critic of the Kremlin , had been shot dead at their apartment in the Ukrainian capital .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
UNIDENTIFIED PERSON : ( Foreign language spoken ) .
KIM : The TV news report sounded horrible . Babchenko , who had fled Russia after being threatened by Russian lawmakers , had been murdered in cold blood after returning home after buying a loaf of bread . Ukraine Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman pinned responsibility for the murder on what they called the Russian totalitarian machine , and colleagues poured out their emotions at interviews and on social media .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
YEVGENIA ALBATS : ( Foreign language spoken ) .
KIM : Yevgenia Albats , one of Babchenko 's former editors , told a Moscow radio station that now every Russian journalist was in mortal danger . A familiar blame game began , with the Kremlin saying the Ukrainians had barely begun their investigation but were already pointing the finger at Moscow .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
SERGEY LAVROV : ( Foreign language spoken ) .
KIM : Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov called Babchenko 's death a tragedy . They said accusations against Russia were groundless , just like the claims that Russia had poisoned a former Russian double agent in England or had been involved in the downing of a Malaysian passenger plane over eastern Ukraine . Dmitry Peskov , Putin 's spokesperson , accused the Ukrainians of the height of cynicism . And Russian investigators even offered their services to their Ukrainian colleagues , since Babchenko was a Russian citizen .
In fact , the Ukrainian authorities do n't exactly have a great record in clearing up contract killings . Two years ago , Russian journalist Pavel Sheremet died in a car bombing on a Kiev street , and the case still has n't been solved . This time , however , the Ukraine police produced a sketch of Babchenko 's killer in no time . And the SBU , Ukraine 's security agency , scheduled a press conference on the murder for Wednesday . Journalists who showed up were stunned when SBU Chief Vasyl Hrytsak suddenly introduced a supposed victim , Arkady Babchenko , alive and unhurt .
Babchenko 's murder had been faked , Hrytsak said , to uncover an actual plot against them by Russian intelligence . Babchenko said the sting operation was so secret that not even their own wife knew about it .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
ARKADY BABCHENKO : ( Foreign language spoken ) .
KIM : Babchenko apologized to their wife , Olga , for the hell they had put them through but said they did n't have an option . Reaction to the news has been mixed . Some of Babchenko 's colleagues said they were relieved they were alive but concerned that they had damaged the credibility of their profession . Reporters Without Borders expressed its deepest indignation with the Ukrainian Security Service for using a journalist to play with the facts . Lucian Kim , NPR News , Moscow .
Copyright © 2018 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
A photo from a dance in the first year shows a 19-year-old and an 80-year-old sharing the dance floor .
`` I remember seeing that and saying that 's perfect , that 's exactly what we wanted , '' Holland said .
Although the events are all-ages , the little ones are often tucked into bed before the party really gets started , Holland said .
The biggest group to attend is usually the teens , who do n't saunter in until a bit later .
`` They show up at about 11 p.m. and bring the life and energy , '' Leahy said smiling .
And that 's what it 's all about , really .
`` It 's a safe environment , in their own community , so they do n't have to go into Peterborough to go to an event , '' Leahy said .
`` You find so often to have to leave Douro to do anything … so it 's great to be able to do something here , '' Holland added .
Leading up to a dance , Leahy 's wife sends out an email saying what food is still needed ( sandwiches , fruits and veggies or desserts ) and community members dig into their own pockets to contribute .
Funds from ticket sales go towards \operational costs – though last year 's Halloween dance was so busy , the committee directed some money to the Strong Heart campaign for the Hospital for Sick Children .
After four years running , Leahy said they often still hears the same feedback he 's heard all along .
`` When 's the next event ? '' they said laughing .
MILWAUKEE — The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee is losing its three top men 's basketball players after coach Pat Baldwin 's first year .
The leading scorers this season , junior guards Brock Stull and Jeremiah Bell and sophomore forward Bryce Nze , have received releases in order to transfer and play elsewhere .
Five scholarship players have left the team in less than a month . Sophomore guards August Haas and Jeremy Johnson left the program in March .
Stull , Bell and Nze say they 're leaving on good terms with Baldwin , but also admit program changes in recent years played a role in their departures . After the university fired coach Rob Jeters , their replacement , LaVall Jordan , left after one season when they were hired at Butler . The Panthers posted a 16-17 season in Baldwin 's inaugural year .
Another weekend , another awards show and all the hottest women of Bollywood were fawning over one superstar . Katrina Kaif , Deepika Padukone , Kareena Kapoor Khan , Alia Bhatt , Diana Penty , Madhuri Dixit-Nene , Jacqueline Fernandez , Bhumi Pednekar , Yami Gautam , Pooja Hegde , Sridevi and Mouni Roy were just some of the hottest Bollywood women who were at the Lux Golden Rose Awards . Sure , it was a particularly warm weekend but there was just one dude who got to be in the company of these hotties .
Shah Ruk Khan may have had a busy weekend chaperoning son AbRam to Aditya Chopra and Rani Mukerji 's daughter Adira 's birthday bash but that did n't stop them from cleaning up real good for the awards show . Shah Rukh wore a sharp D & G suit as they hosted some of Bollywood 's hottest women who spanned three generations from Madhuri Dixit-Nene and Sridevi to Katrina Kaif and Deepika Padukone to Alia Bhatt and Pooja Hegde . ( ALSO SEE Kareena Kapoor Khan , Alia Bhatt , Varun Dhawan : What Bollywood did over the weekend )
Interestingly , Shah Rukh Khan ( who looked pretty chuffed to be in the company ) has romanced almost everyone on the screen . We 'll just leave you with these photos of Shah Rukh Khan hanging out with some of the hottest Bollywood actores over the weekend .
1 /19 Shah Rukh Khan Katrina Kaif Deepika Padukone Kareena Kapoor Khan Alia Bhatt Madhuri Dixit-Nene Jacqueline Fernandez Bhumi Pednekar and Jacqueline Fernandez Zareen Khan Bhumi Pednekar Diana Penty Yami Gautam Sridevi Kapoor Pooja Hegde Surveen Chawla Taapsee Pannu Mouni Roy Nushrat Bharucha Urvashi Rautela
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
Katrina Kaif , Esha Gupta , Kareena Kapoor : Bollywood 's hottest women were spotted on this red carpet
What Bollywood 's hottest women were up to this week
Kriti Sanon , Taapsee Pannu , Ileana D'Cruz were busy being hot at these awards show over the weekend
> More on Entertainment
Sam Querrey fought from a set down to defeat Laslo Djere and John Isner won a fifth-set tiebreaker over Dusan LaJovic to give the United States a 2-0 lead over Serbia in the first round of the Davis Cup World Group on Friday .
Querrey had 20 aces in a 6-7 ( 4 ) , 6-2 , 7-5 , 6-4 win in the opening singles , and Isner followed with 24 aces in their 6-4 , 6-7 ( 6 ) , 6-3 , 3-6 , 7-6 ( 4 ) victory .
Host Serbia is playing without Novak Djokovic and Viktor Troicki . It won the last two ties against the U.S. , including in 2010 when it went on to win the title .
The U.S. can clinch the victory in the series in Saturday 's doubles , when Ryan Harrison and Steve Johnson face Nikola Milojevic and Miljan Zekic .
Defending champion France got off to a slow start at home against the Netherlands as Adrian Mannarino was upset by Thiemo de Bakker , a player more than 300 places below them in the rankings , 7-6 ( 4 ) , 6-3 , 6-3 . Richard Gasquet levelled the score by defeating Robin Haase 6-4 , 7-6 ( 3 ) , 3-6 , 7-5 .
Last year 's runner-up Belgium opened a 2-0 lead over visiting Hungary as Ruben Bemelmans defeated Marton Fucsovics 6-4 , 4-6 , 7-6 ( 5 ) , 6-3 and David Goffin beat Attila Balazs 6-4 , 6-4 , 6-0 .
Spain , without Rafael Nadal , moved ahead of Great Britain when Albert Ramos-Vinolas defeated Liam Broady 6-3 , 6-4 , 7-6 ( 6 ) , but 114th-ranked Norrie Cameron evened the series by rallying from two sets down to upset Roberto Bautista-Agut 4-6 , 3-6 , 6-3 , 6-2 , 6-2 . Spain is playing its first tie at home since 2013 .
Croatia , runner-up to Argentina two years ago , opened a 1-0 lead over Canada at home with Borna Coric 's 3-6 , 6-2 , 6-3 , 6-2 victory over Vasek Pospisil , but Denis Shapovalov tied the series by defeating Viktor Galovic 6-4 , 6-4 , 6-2 .
Germany led host Australia after Alexander Zverev defeated Alex de Minaur 7-5 , 4-6 , 4-6 , 6-3 , 7-6 ( 4 ) , but Nick Kyrgios levelled the score with a comfortable 6-4 , 6-4 , 6-4 win over Jan-Lennard Struff .
Fabio Fognini defeated Taro Daniel 6-4 , 3-6 , 4-6 , 6-3 , 6-2 to give Italy the lead over Japan , but the hosts evened the series with Yuichi Sugita beating Andreas Seppi 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-4 , 4-6 , 7-6 ( 1 ) .
Mumbai : The makers of Pradeep Pandey and Richa Dixit starrer Mehandi Lagake Rakhna 2 has decided to not publish the movie on YouTube . Bhojpuri films are often released on YouTube a few days or weeks after they hit the silver screen . But in this case , the makers have decided against it .
The film slated to release on April 27 produced by Ananjay Raghuraj is a sequel to Khesari Lal Yadav and Kajal Raghwani 's blockbuster film Mehandi Lagake Rakhna which released last year .
The trailer for the film which was published by
Enterr10 Music Bhojpuri on April 6 has garnered over 1,190,761 views so far .
Based on love , separation , heartbreak and reunion , Mehandi Lagake Rakhna 2 seems to be high on emotions .
Directed by Manjul Thakur , Mehandi Lagake Rakhna 2 has some gripping action sequences and an intense emotional storyline .
The film also stars Yash Kumar , Manoj Tiger , Rajnish Jhanji , Jyoti Pandey and Anjana Singh .
The music for the film has been composed by Rajnish Mishra and Madhukar Anand while the songs have been penned by Rajesh Mishra , Pyare Lal Yadav , Shyam Dehati and Azad Singh .
The story and dialogue are by Arbind Tiwari while the screenplay is by Arbind Tiwari , Manjul Thakur and Ananjay Raghuraj .
The film has been co-produced by Kumkum Films under Ananya Craft And Visions and presented by AAdi Shakti Entertainment With Trimurti Entertainment Media .
The film has been Santosh Harawade and cinematography is by Sidharth Singh . Andalib Pathan has choreographed the action sequences while Badshah Khan has taken care of look and styling .
Jeff Greenfield : “ It 's an attractive conclusion ; and Lord knows the possibility of ending the steadily more outrageous phenomenon of partisan gerrymandering is a worthy goal in itself . ”
“ But if Democrats think this is the key to their political woes , they are kidding themselves . What ails the party—at every level—goes far beyond alleged Republican skullduggery . And a diagnosis of those ills requires an understanding of what the last decade has wrought . ”
Wynne also touted some of the party 's policy achievements — raising the minimum wage , expanding drug coverage for people under the age of 25 and free post-secondary tuition for students from low-income families .
They emphasized the contrast between their party , the PCs and the New Democrats , while also touching on key themes of fairness and opportunity that they have stressed for months .
`` We are fighting for you , we will keep fighting for you , '' they said . `` We will never stop fighting for you . ''
Wynne mentioned the difficult road to re-election ahead by referencing their own past electoral record . Down in the polls for over a year and with approval ratings that hover in the mid-teens , they asked party volunteers to work hard .
`` I lost my first election in 1994 by 72 votes , '' Wynne said . `` Just a few more hours of canvassing or getting out the vote could have changed that result . And because every single vote counts , that means every single visit on every single doorstep counts . ''
In a press conference after their speech , Wynne said to their knowledge there are no candidates running for their party who have been accused of sexual misconduct in the past .
`` The vetting process is very thorough , '' they said . `` We 've gone through the vetting process , but if there were something that came up we 'd have to deal with it . I 'm just being realistic . ''
Wynne said the party is not `` troubled by '' the loss of any advance plans they had to attack former PC leader Patrick Brown .
`` What happened to Patrick Brown , what is happening to the ( PCs ) right now , is their focus , '' they said . `` Our focus is on our plan . ''
Michael Balagus , NDP campaign director , said the Liberal government has had 15 years to fight for the people and has failed .
`` There 's a reason people are cynical in Ontario and there are reasons why people are particularly cynical about this government , '' they said . `` I think that 's a giant exclamation mark . ''
Progressive Conservative legislator Lisa MacLeod said the Liberals are not fighting for the right people in Ontario .
`` Wynne said that the upcoming election is about who they are fighting for , and I know exactly who they are and has been fighting for , '' they said in a statement . `` She is fighting for millionaire hydro executives , corporate donors , and Liberal insiders . ''
Ontario 's general election is June 7 .
By Shawn Jeffords and Paola Loriggio , The Canadian Press
Prosecutors told the jury in Bill Cosby 's criminal retrial that the legendary funnyman on The Cosby Show stands in glaring contrast to the sexual predator who victimized Andrea Constand .
And Cosby 's chief accuser was not their sole target , prosecutor Kristen Feden said in their closing argument , describing how scores of other women have accused Cosby of trading on their celebrity status over decades to sexually prey on them .
`` He utilized that image and cloaked it around themselves so they were able to gain the trust , gain the confidence of these young , aspiring , unsuspecting women stripped of their very autonomy , stripped of their ability to say no , '' Feden said .
Over more than two weeks of testimony in a Montgomery County Court in Pennsylvania , defense lawyers routinely characterized Constand as an opportunistic `` con artist . '' Feden used that portrayal as a jumping-off point .
`` The defense was partially accurate when they use that term . But the perpetrator of the con is this man , '' Feden said .
Feden then marched over to the table of defense lawyers where Cosby has sat for the entire trial . Inches away from him , they pointed at their face .
`` Sitting right here . This is the man . Sitting right here , '' Feden bellowed .
`` Nothing funny about that ''
Andrea Constand , who was last seen by the jury when they confronted Cosby from the stand over two days , was present during the prosecution 's speeches , sitting in the audience not far from the seven men and five women who will decide Cosby 's fate . The panel sat listening raptly in the jury box .
`` The law makes it very clear . The uncorroborated testimony of the victim alone is enough to convict the defendant , so if you believe Andrea Constand , '' said Feden , gesturing toward Cosby 's main accuser who looked straight ahead with a stony gaze , `` you need to convict . ''
Feden said the defense team embarked on `` character assassination '' of the five additional accusers who took the stand against Cosby , saying the `` shameful '' attacks and questions are `` the exact reason '' sexual assault victims rarely report their assailants to authorities .
Defense lawyer Kathleen Bliss perpetuated `` rape myths '' to the jury by suggesting that victims of sexual assault bear some responsibility for being victimized , Feden argued .
Feden , at times , mocked Bliss by putting on a fake high-pitched voice and imitating their line of questions in a derisive tone .
Then they shot a look at Cosby and accused them of smirking .
`` There 's nothing funny about stripping a woman of their decency . There 's nothing funny about that , Mr. Cosby , '' Feden yelled .
At that , rows of journalists stood up and tried to catch a glimpse of Cosby , who appeared expressionless .
Prosecutors projected old photographs of first woman to testify against Cosby . The wide-eyed , youthful glam shots of the woman , Heidi Thomas , taken decades ago when they were a promising young actor . The image accompanied a play-by-play description of what Thomas said happened to her : they were drugged and sexually assaulted by Cosby at a secluded ranch house in Nevada that they visited under the guise of private acting lessons .
With the innocent photographs of Thomas as a backdrop , Feden said Cosby 's attack was no mistake : Cosby groomed and preyed on other young women the same way . They made some of the same promises of career opportunities to them before they molested them , sometimes in similar locations , such as private hotel suites , Feden said . All along , they said , Cosby assumed their victims would be too afraid to ever report them to authorities .
`` It 's the same con , ladies and gentlemen , just a different day , '' they said .
Cosby , facing the jury during this moment , shook their head in disagreement .
Some of the most convincing evidence in the case , Feden told jurors , is contained in Cosby 's own words , excerpted from a civil deposition they gave as a part of Constand 's civil lawsuit in federal court . In it , Cosby says they do not remember ever asking Constand for permission before they carried out sex acts on them in their Cheltenham mansion in early 2004 .
`` You knew that it was n't consensual because of their words , '' Feden said . `` You know it was n't consensual because of the pattern . The MO , '' they said , referring to Cosby 's alleged modus operandi of drugging and molesting women . `` And you know it was n't consensual because of the testimony of Andrea Constand . ''
In finishing up the government 's closing , prosecutor M. Stewart Ryan picked up where Feden left off . They were interrupted a handful of times with objections from the defense team .
`` I wonder what they 're so worried about , '' Ryan replied after the fourth objection .
`` I wonder what we 'll have to correct , '' Bliss countered .
Judge Steven O'Neill told both sides to settle down , reminding the court that they will address objections to closing statements later .
`` Biggest highway robberies of all time ''
Earlier , Cosby 's lawyers told the jury in the entertainer 's retrial that Constand is a `` pathological liar '' whose story of `` so-called assault '' is so replete with inconsistencies that it can not be trusted .
`` In a case like this , credibility becomes everything , '' defense attorney Tom Mesereau told the jury in closing arguments Tuesday morning . `` There are so many big lies , they get lost . The number of lies starts to drown others out . ''
Flipping through a PowerPoint presentation , Mesereau walked jurors through what they said are a dozen instances of Constand lying about their relationship with Cosby — and about what Mesereau described as their motive to milk Cosby for a financial settlement .
They pointed out discrepancies over things such as how long Constand had known Cosby ; whether Constand had ever flirted with the comedian ; and what they said were fibs about wearing a cashmere sweater Cosby gave them as a gift .
The nearly $ 3.4 million Constand received as part of a previously confidential civil settlement they reached with Cosby in 2006 was long the aim of Cosby 's chief accuser , they told jurors .
`` She took the money , ran with the money . Them mom got money , their father got money . They 're all part of the settlement agreement , '' Mesereau said . `` It 's one of the biggest highway robberies of all time . ''
The other women who confronted Cosby in court were driven by the desire for publicity and money , Cosby 's defense lawyers said , taking direct aim at the # MeToo movement . Attorney Kathleen Bliss said `` mob rule is not due process , '' adding that the claims of more than 60 women who have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct have been tantamount to a `` lynching , '' or a `` witch hunt . ''
`` When you join a movement based mostly on emotion and anger , you do n't change a damn thing , '' Bliss told jurors . `` Questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim . Gut feelings are not rational decisions . ''
For more than two weeks , Cosby 's defense has focused on the argument that Constand is a `` con artist '' who sought to extort Cosby for a payout . In closing arguments , however , lawyers harkened back to a point made repeatedly by their defense team during the entertainer 's first trial in June 2017 : that Constand was always romantically interested in Cosby .
For proof , Mesereau pointed to `` at least 100 calls '' Constand placed after the alleged assault in January 2004 .
Constand , who worked for Temple University 's basketball team at the time , has said that the calls were about business , since Cosby was a powerful university trustee heavily involved with the school 's sports teams .
`` This is a personal , intimate relationship , not basketball , '' Mesereau said . `` Constand placed twice the number of calls than they did to her , demonstrating their pursuit of him . ''
Camille Cosby , the entertainer 's wife of more than five decades , made their first appearance Tuesday during the retrial . They walked up to their husband , kissed and embraced him . Wearing a bright yellow and orange dress , they took a seat in the first row and remained stoic throughout the proceeding .
In an unusual move , the defense team split the two-hour-long closing speech between Bliss and Mesereau .
Bliss reminded the jury about the defense team 's star witness , Margo Jackson , a former colleague of Constand 's who claims Constand confided that they wanted to fabricate a story of sexual assault in order to try to shake down a celebrity for money .
`` You would 've thought they would 've done something to check them out , '' said Bliss , indicting that prosecutors ignored Jackson in their investigation . `` Who are you going to believe ? A well-educated ... woman who works at Temple and who counsels students and has a background in psychology ? '' Bliss asked the jury . `` Or Andrea Constand , who was running a pyramid scheme at the same time ? ''
Bliss then spoke to the jury about Gianna Constand , the mother of the accuser , who testified in the case and played for the court a recording they made of Cosby apologizing , saying they would like to set up an educational fund for Constand as long as they maintained a 3.0 average .
`` Yes , they feel badly . He 's 30 years older than they are . He 's got this mother accusing him , yelling at him , whatever they were doing , '' Bliss said . `` He 's also worried about extortion . ''
Mesereau , after describing the high bar to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt , delivered their final line to the jury of seven men and five women who will soon decide Cosby 's fate .
`` He must walk out of here free , '' Mesereau said . `` He 's an 80-year-old man . He 's had a distinguished career . He 's made some mistakes for sure , but they are no criminal . ''
Prosecutors next will deliver their final remarks to jurors in a case that could send Cosby to prison for the rest of their life .
Last June , a different jury could not decide on Cosby 's fate following 52 hours of closed-door deliberations about the case .
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp will make a decision on Joe Gomez 's future during pre-season .
The 20-year-old is part of Klopp 's long-term plans but could head out on loan next term .
Gomez has attracted interest from three Premier League clubs , who are hoping to take the defender on a temporary deal , reports the Liverpool Echo .
Gomez suffered a cruciate ligament injury playing for England U21s shortly after Jurgen Klopp 's appointment as manager , and was forced to miss nine months as they recovered .
( Photo : Alex Livesey )
( Photo : REUTERS )
Then , after getting back fit , an Achilles problem set them back further . Gomez returned to action in November 2016 but was able to manage just three senior appearances last season , all in the FA Cup .
The last of those was a difficult afternoon against Wolves in January , though the Londoner did finish the campaign strongly for Mike Garrity 's U23 side .
They were also on the bench for five Premier Leagues games towards the end of the season , and signed a new long-term contract with the club back in January .
( Photo : Liverpool FC via Getty Images )
Klopp , who had tracked a teenage Gomez while at Borussia Dortmund , remains a huge fan , but with Liverpool in the market for a new centre back this summer , it is understood that a Premier League loan would be considered by the club if it was in the player 's best interests .
Newly-promoted Brighton are keen , while Huddersfield Town and Bournemouth are both long-term admirers . Bournemouth , indeed , were close to signing Gomez when they left Charlton .
Liverpool , for their part , are wary of sending out a player of such promise to the wrong club , especially given the amount of football the player has already missed . Gomez has impressed staff with their attitude and professionalism in battling back to fitness , and was challenging for a first-team spot prior to their knee injury .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And with the club set to compete on four fronts next season , both domestically and abroad , there is an acceptance that a deeper squad is required .
Liverpool already have Joel Matip , Dejan Lovren and Ragnar Klavan as senior centre back options , while Lucas Leiva played there last season and is still at the club for the time being .
Liverpool has at least eight pre-season games in which to give Gomez opportunities , starting with domestic friendlies at Tranmere and Wigan , before trips to Hong Kong , Berlin , Munich and Bilbao .
Erectify Ultra several meats red like meat , mussels , oysters , wheat , sesame , mushrooms , spinach , broccoli , peanuts ... the possibility of being poor , if you are a vegetarian , but also due to the methods of mass cultivation ( pesticides and insecticides that remain It also prepares cuts down on the zinc oxide content.The option would be to take zinc and magnesium to add fat to the diet plan in the diet plan , you will be deprived of all body fat erroneously . .. drógenos , treatment for the prostate Glandular melanoma.OErectify Ultra is intimately associated with muscle cells in men and problems to take it in women.In reality , women with less than Erectify Ultra in compared to men , it is for this reason that ,
https : //www.nutritionsofhealth.com/erectify-ultra/
https : //twitter.com/nutritions_of/status/988470897131642882
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Public officials and police department brass joined in celebrating the opening of Doral 's new Police Substation Jan. 12 with a ribbon cutting and plaque unveiling , along with tours for members of the public . This dedicated , 12,500-square-foot facility , which was completed on time and on budget , will focus on community-oriented policing , one of the “ Six Pillars of 21st Century Policing ” strategies .
This centralized location will house the department 's School Resource Unit , Neighborhood Resource Unit , Bike Squad , and K-9 Unit – making it more accessible to the community . The Substation will help keep police response time low , ensuring continued public safety and services are provided as the City continues to grow .
“ This new facility means an increased presence of law enforcement and safety in our City , with an emphasis on Community , ” said Mayor Juan Carlos Bermudez . “ I 've always believed that both go hand-in-hand as everyone , from our officers to our residents , must do their part to maintain the high quality of life that Doral enjoys. ” The new substation is located at 3719 NW 97th Ave. , Doral , FL 33178 .
Six Pillars of 21st Century Policing
Police departments around the country – including Doral Police – are adopting the “ Six Pillars of Policing in the Modern World ” as outlined by the President 's Task Force on 21st Century Policing . They include a focus on :
• Building Trust & Legitimacy
• Policy & Oversight
• Technology & Social Media
• Community Policing & Crime Reduction
• Officer Training & Education
• Officer Safety & Wellness .
In Other City News
Thanks to a public-private partnership between the city and Millennia Atlantic University approved in May 2017 , a new passive park is coming soon – right next to the new Police Substation .
MAU Park will include eco-friendly and educational features such as : wetland preserves , rain gardens , plaza area , and an art sculpture , as well as bicycle and pedestrian paths with educational signage .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Diego Costa has been included in Atletico Madrid 's squad to face Arsenal on Thursday .
The Gunners ' arch-villain had been expected to miss the first leg of the Europa League semi-final after picking up a hamstring injury in the last round against Sporting .
But streetfighter Costa - a thorn in Arsenal 's side during their three seasons at Chelsea - could yet prove their undoing in their bid to win a final trophy for Arsene Wenger .
Costa has missed Atletico 's last three matches . Boss Diego Simeone had all but ruled them out on this week 's tie .
Speaking last Saturday Simeone said : “ The doctors will inform us but I think it wo n't be possible for them to be ready for Thursday 's game .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
“ He will be [ available ] for sure in the return leg , but I think they have no chance to be [ fit ] for the first leg game . ”
Arsenal will hope to use as their FA Cup Final win last year - and their Premier League home victory - as a guide to silencing Costa .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
The Brazil born Spain international , however , is known to have been unsettled and went on to be exiled from Chelsea last summer .
In two of their previous meetings with Arsenal , Costa scored twice and forced the dismissals of Per Mertesacker and Laurent Koscielny .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Every year two major football games are released on XBOX and PlayStation consoles , but only one seems to consistently steal the headlines .
In the first week following FIFA 17 and PES 2017 's releases last year , the EA football game outsold its rival by more than 40 times .
FIFA has built itself into a huge game with some of the biggest names in football ( such as Cristiano Ronaldo ) endorsing it .
But with Philippe Coutinho signed up as a PES 2018 ambassador and the game partnering with Barcelona to release a special edition , could things be about to change ?
Let 's look at the facts and tally up the scores ...
Release date
( Image : EA Sports )
FIFA 18 - September 29
PES 2018 - September 12
FIFA 18 0-1 PES 2018
Cover stars
( Image : Playstation/KONAMI )
FIFA 18 - Cristiano Ronaldo
PES 2018 - Philippe Coutinho
FIFA 18 1-1 PES 2018
New Features
( Image : Konami )
FIFA 18 - EA are promising to get more out of Frostbite this year . The introduction of 'real player ' motion technology gives players like Ronaldo more personality and responsiveness . New team styles ( from tiki-taka to high press ) are being introduced and there 's been an upgrade to stadiums .
PES 2018 - Strategic dribbling , better shielding of the ball and subtle player movements have all been introduced to improve gameplay . Set-pieces have also received an overhaul . Of course there is the usual improved player and stadium graphics .
Arguably the game 's most exciting new feature is the long-awaited return of 'Random Selection Match ' .
FIFA 18 1-2 PES 2018
Career mode
( Image : Daily Mirror )
FIFA 18 - Alex Hunter will return in The Journey : Hunter Returns . The incredibly popular career mode , first introduced in FIFA 17 , will make a comeback with stars such as Cristiano Ronaldo featuring . EA have also hinted at a big money transfer and the prospect of Hunter playing abroad .
PES 2018 - Master League sees a new transfer system and the includsion of pre-match interviews , locker room clips and pre-season tournaments .
FIFA 18 2-2 PES 2018
Online mode
( Image : Youtube )
FIFA 18 - EA 's highly successful Ultimate Team will again be the main selling point for many prospective FIFA 18 buyers . And there 's a huge bonus for PS4 players this year who will finally be able to use legends . Re-packaged as icons , Pele , Maradona and Thierry Henry will be available to play across the major consoles .
PES 2018 - A new 2v2 and 3v3 online co-op has been introduced meaning when your pal comes round you finally have something to do online together .
FIFA 18 3-2 PES 2018
Price ( via PlayStation Store )
( Image : EA SPORTS FIFA/Youtube )
FIFA 18 - £59.99
PES 2018 - £49.99
FIFA 18 3-3 PES 2018
Sean Dyche and Marco Silva are destined to remain as two of the Premier League 's wanted men , according to Watford striker Andre Gray .
Burnley boss Dyche and their Hornets counterpart are busy forging reputations as two of the division 's brightest coaching prospects and both were strongly linked to Everton before Sam Allardyce 's appointment .
Dyche edged their head to head at Turf Moor on Saturday , Scott Arfield sealing a 1-0 win after Marvin Zeegelaar 's red card , leaving their side seventh in the table with Watford also secure in the top half .
Gray worked under them for two years before being tempted away by Silva this summer and believes both will continue to attract interest from rival clubs .
`` The table does n't lie and what they 're doing with the group of players they 've got is proving they 're good managers , '' said the striker .
`` Everybody speaks highly of both of them . They 're both honest and they 've both got the same sort of morals when it comes to managing .
`` There is always somewhere for a player or a manager to leave and go to , whether it 's a better club or a better league .
`` That 's how it is and obviously as long as our manager and Sean Dyche are here and they 're not top of the league then there is always somewhere for them to progress and move on to . It 's just part and parcel of football and if they keep doing well they 're always going to be linked with big jobs . ''
Gray was reduced to a cameo off the bench at their old stomping ground , with some cheering in recognition of their prolific stint in east Lancashire and others seemingly less impressed by their hasty exit on the eve of the campaign .
They remain a Burnley believer , though , and sees no reason why their old club can not keep defying expectations .
`` It ( the crowd reaction ) was very mixed , but I accept it and I still clapped them when I went off because I had a great time here , '' they said .
`` If they keep going , keep digging in and keep doing that they 've been doing for the past three seasons then why not ? People write them off every year .
`` They wrote them off when I first signed in the Championship then we went and won the league . Then last year we were favourites to go down until that final whistle blew on the last game of the season . That 's just how it is . They 'll all know in the dressing room what they 're capable of . I think everyone will start to believe sooner or later . ''
CHARLOTTE , N.C. — The Panthers have exercised the fifth-year option on outside linebacker Shaq Thompson 's contract .
Thompson is now under contract through the 2019 season .
Thompson started 14 games and had a career-high 75 tackles with six quarterback pressures and two sacks last season . Thompson is viewed as the long-term replacement for 13-year NFL veteran Thomas Davis , who may retire after next season .
The 2015 first-round draft pick from Washington has 206 tackles , three sacks , one interception , eight passes defenced and two fumble recoveries in three NFL seasons .
___
For more AP NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Beast Mode
J.T . Mackey , the leading receiver for Ennis as a senior , is preparing for their first-year student campaign at a college known more for its women 's drill team than football . After originally announcing plans to attend Blinn College , Mackey received a full-ride scholarship offer to Kilgore College in East Texas . They will not be wearing white boots and a white cowboy hat and high kicking for the Kilgore Rangerettes ,
the coast to coast , traveling troupe . Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News . Be informed , subscribe today !
Comments
comments
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS , MO —Lezley McSpadden , the mother of the late Michael Brown , announced they would run for Ferguson City Council while part of a panel discussion Monday night ( April 23 ) at Harvard University .
Co-panelist Benjamin Crump , an attorney for Brown 's family , noted what a legacy it would be for McSpadden to be elected to the city council and supervising the same police department that killed their son . As elected officials , the city council is responsible for setting policies for the city and passing ordinances .
Since their son 's death , McSpadden completed high school and earned their diploma , they wrote a book , and they are working on a bill and petition with students at Howard University Law School in their son 's name . They say the officer-involved shooting death of their son and the protests it sparked have prompted them to try to change how African Americans are treated by law enforcement .
“ We have to get behind people who look like us and get them in these elected seats so that they can really do what 's right by the community , and I 'm going to start with me by running for Ferguson city council , and hopefully I can elevate , ” they said .
McSpadden said they continue to offer their support to other families of victims of police shootings , most recently speaking with the family of Stephon Clark , an unarmed black man who was shot and killed by police in Sacramento last month .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The funeral of tragic zookeeper Rosa King has been held in their home town as zoo bosses confirm they will be re-opening on Friday .
Mourners wearing colourful clothes in 'celebration of their life ' gathered at St Andrew 's Church , Chippenham , Wilts , for the 45 minute long service .
A wicker casket adorned with pink roses and daisies was then carried by six male pall-bearers to a waiting black Mercedes hearse before it left for a private family service .
Ms King was killed after being mauled by a tiger at Hamerton Zoo Park in Cambs where they worked on May 29 .
( Photo : SWNS.com )
( Photo : SWNS.com )
They are thought to have been fatally attacked while going to the aid of a fellow worker after one of the zoo 's four tigers got into an insecure enclosure .
The opening of an inquest into their death heard they had died from 'traumatic injuries ' .
Both Cambridge Police and Huntingdonshire District Council are currently carrying out an investigation into Rosa 's death .
Hamerton Zoo is due to open its doors to the public for the first time on Friday following the tragedy .
( Photo : SWNS.com )
( Photo : SWNS.com )
In a statement earlier this week the zoo said the decision to re-open had been made with the full support of Rosa 's family .
It said in a post on Facebook that the decision followed an inspection by Huntingdonshire District Council and was supported by Rosa 's family .
It said in a statement : `` Following an inspection by Huntingdonshire District Council , we can confirm that we will reopen to the public on Friday 16 June 2017 . This decision has been supported by the family of Rosa King . ''
Rosa , 33 , died when a tiger got into the enclosure where they were working and a full investigation is now underway .
( Photo : SWNS.com )
( Photo : SWNS.com )
I parents , Peter and Andrea , said Rosa was a `` dedicated professional '' who had a `` care and understanding of their animals . ''
They said at the time of their death : `` Rosa was a dedicated professional when it came to their work . They lived and breathed a vocation that meant the world to her , living them dream .
`` She had a care and understanding of their animals that was a joy and privilege to behold .
`` Rosa was passionate about animals from the age of 2 when they first sat on the back of a horse . After that , their life was always going to be about animals .
( Photo : SWNS.com )
`` She lived their life to the full and was a very caring , generous person . They would stand up for those who could n't stand up for themselves including the animals and campaigned and raised money for animal charities .
`` Rosa 's whole attitude to the animal kingdom is probably best summed up in the following statement . When I look into the eyes of an animal I do not see an animal . I see a living being . I see a friend . I feel a soul . ''
Visitors to the zoo were evacuated after the incident on May Bank Holiday Monday and it has remained closed since .
Hamerton Zoo Park is a 25-acre wildlife park with 500 animals from more than 100 different species , focusing on lemurs , cats and birds .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The zoo has had notable breeding success with various endangered species and is rapidly expanding its collection with Malaysian tigers arriving in 2015 .
It is also home to three white tigers .
The zoo also has an oncilla , Canadian lynx , cheetah , collared lemurs ,
flamingo , racoons , meerkats , wallabies , a giant anteater and a two toed sloth .
Songs We Love : Chelsea Wolfe , '16 Psyche '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Crisafi/Courtesy of the artist Bill Crisafi/Courtesy of the artist
The name `` 16 Psyche '' conjures up images of a dusty bar , replete with spirits and spectres . But it 's an asteroid — the 16th one to ever be discovered , in fact — named after the goddess of the soul in Greek mythology . Recently , the celestial 16 Psyche has been in the headlines because of an impending mission in the 2020s to go explore the asteroid , which also bears the curious distinction of being the first scientists will visit that 's made almost entirely of metal .
The gothic-folk songwriter Chelsea Wolfe — whose last album , Abyss , held traces of metal , but who has yet to fully delve into it — is also now fully entrenched in the metal universe on their dissonant new single , `` 16 Psyche . '' It 's the first from their forthcoming album , Hiss Spun . Behind thrumming distortion and Ben Chisholm 's throaty bass lines , Wolfe seethes : `` I 've spent , in different beds / Many moons / And that 's the way I prefer it . ''
YouTube
Wolfe 's and Troy Van Leeuwen 's guitars then launch into a dual hypnagogic roar as they lay themselves bare : `` She said , I 'd save you , but I ca n't ... '' The instrumental throttle cuts for a moment of stillness , and Wolfe 's voice goes up an octave as they finish the sentence : `` Hide . '' Wolfe has always possessed a talent for dynamic songwriting , particularly concerning the theater of the soul . But the masterful `` 16 Psyche '' is a full-on ride , and one that finds them at their most commanding and climactic yet .
The impetus for Hiss Spun stemmed from a reckoning with family history , personal life and other elements that have long shadowed Wolfe , and the resulting escapist music also functions as a kind of exorcism , an expunging of the soul . But what `` 16 Psyche '' especially goes to show is that despite what 's going on in our own worlds and the one at large , the discovery of new ones — whether they 're made of fire or ice or even metal — is a worthy pursuit , and certainly one worth fighting for .
Hiss Spun comes out Sept. 22 via Sargent House .
BRIGHTON , England — West Ham 's week of turmoil ended with a 3-1 loss at Brighton in the Premier League on Saturday .
Goals from Glenn Murray , Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross secured a second win in 14 matches for Brighton to boost its chances of avoiding the drop .
Javier Hernandez was on target for West Ham , but it was a miserable end to a turbulent few days for the east London club , which fired head of recruitment Tony Henry after claims they told agents they did not want to sign any more African players .
Anger and frustration toward the West Ham board from supporters is at an all-time high following the scandal , as well as an underwhelming transfer window which saw a club linked with Olivier Giroud , Michy Batshuayi and Daniel Sturridge end up with signing Jordan Hugill from Preston .
Indeed , the first chants of `` Sack the board '' were belted out from the away end even before Murray put Brighton ahead in only the eighth minute .
The goal came after referee Roger East allowed play to continue despite Aaron Cresswell 's foul on Anthony Knockaert , and Gross immediately pinged the loose ball to Murray .
The striker , who scored twice in Brighton 's 3-0 dismantling of Slaven Bilic 's West Ham in October , strode forward and coolly sidefooted past Adrian for their 10th goal of the season .
Amid the off-field controversy , West Ham manager David Moyes is also dealing with a spate of injuries and indiscipline . Arthur Masuaku is still serving a lengthy ban for spitting and Michail Antonio was dropped midweek for being late to a meeting .
Until now at least , West Ham has been eking out the points which have been keeping West Ham at arm 's length from the relegation battle . But West Ham is now three points above the relegation zone in 12th , just ahead of Brighton on goal difference .
___
Evaluating Personality Tests A drive to better understand ourselves and the people around us has led to the creation of a thriving industry built around personality testing .
Market Scenario
Rapid industrialization in emerging economies , is the prime driving factor for the global air compressor market . The advent of energy efficient models of air compressors , which are also available in portable designs , has extensively been adopted by industries across the world . The recent technology promises substantial reduction in maintenance costs , which is why it is received by a large number of consumers , hailing from diverse industrial backgrounds . However , for those who are stuck with more conventional models are continuing to deal with noisy operations of oil-free compressors and lubrication concerns in oiled air compressors .
Industrial development , since the past several years , post-recession , has ensued in the increased income levels in the developing regions . Subsequently , population , in major countries across the globe , is also on the rise . This had led to increasing surplus income , which in turn , fuels the demand for various daily use and comfort goods . Increasing income levels , coupled with the ability and willingness to by home appliances , result in newer and compact models paired with user friendly modes of operation . This will further improve the air compressor market .
Download the sample report for more information @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5272
Key Players
The key players of global air compressor market are Atlas Copco AB ( Sweden ) , Sullair , L.L.C . ( U.S. ) , Gardner Denver ( U.S. ) , Kaeser compressors SE ( Germany ) , Ingersoll Rand ( U.S. ) , Rolair Systems . ( U.S. ) , Doosan Portable Power ( U.S. ) , Sullivan-Palatek , Inc. ( U.S. ) , Elgi Equipments Ltd. ( India ) , Bauer Compressors , Inc. ( U.S. ) , Emerson Electric Co. ( U.S. ) , and Hitachi Industrial Equipment Systems Co. , Ltd . ( Japan ) .
Scope of the Report
This study provides an overview of the global air compressor market , tracking four market segments across four geographic regions . The report studies key players , providing a five-year annual trend analysis that highlights market size , volume and share for North America , Europe , Asia Pacific ( APAC ) and Rest of the World ( ROW ) . The report also provides a forecast , focusing on the market opportunities for the next five years for each region . The scope of the study segments the Air Compressor market by its product , by technology , by lubrication , by end-use and by region .
By Type
Portable
Stationary
By Technology
Rotary
Screw
Scroll
Reciprocating
Centrifugal
By Lubrication
Oil Free
Oil Filled
By End-use
Home Appliances
Food & Beverage Industry
Oil & Gas Industry
Energy Industry
Semiconductors & Electronics Industry
Manufacturing Industry
Healthcare Industry
By Regions
North America
Asia Pacific
Europe
Rest of the World
Global Air Compressor Market
The global air compressor market is expected to witness phenomenal growth during the forecast period . This is due to the considerable growth in utilization of air compressors in numerous end-use applications across major industries . The growth is , primarily , attributed to the growing necessity of compression of air & gas , which is likely to continue during the forecast years . The Asia Pacific region accounted for the largest share of the air compressor market in 2016 , wherein China , India , Japan and other prominent emerging economies countries contributed major share . However , Europe is likely to emerge as one of the prominent markets for this technology due to the deployment of advanced air compressor in the newly built home appliances .
Enquiry for this report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/5272
Digital technologies , especially IoT , machine learning , artificial intelligence , blockchain and big data analytics , are reaching maturity . Photo : iStockphoto
The need for digital can hardly be overstated . India is particularly poised to take advantage of digital technologies as they have the potential to add economic value of $ 550 billion to $ 1 trillion per year by 2025 , and create millions of well-paying , productive jobs . The critical need of the hour is to stop thinking and start doing digital .
It is , however , important to recognize that digital leadership is effective for companies only when it creates value—for their customers , partners and employees . The traditional view of ‘ going digital ' was to first impact operations and then evolving up the technology pyramid to arrive at a design change of processes . The primary aim was efficiency and reduction in costs . The business process improvement strategy was often overlooked as the technology teams typically jumped into operations deploying a set of digital tools . This mindset is precisely what led to failed implementation and reduced business value in the past . Organisations , in their attempt to jump onto the digital bandwagon , have rushed to adopt various siloed technology components before defining the problem they were trying to solve .
Today , the entire thought process has been inverted on its head . Addressing design is now the first port of call in the new-age digital businesses that intelligently connect people , things and business , to create a wow experience for their customers . The result is simultaneous growth in revenue and reduction in costs .
The proof is out there . A well-known retail chain experienced the impact first-hand when it turned its online sales platform into a unique mobile experience—and moved its infrastructure to the cloud , leveraging a digital platform that combined several digital tools , including the Internet of Things ( IoT ) , machine learning , blockchain and big data analytics to create a better experience for its users as well as optimise the supply chain . The result was a significant increase in revenue while reducing operating costs to a third of what they were before .
This business value is not trivial . There is potential for disrupting business-as-usual on a large scale .
In the public domain , digital services can blend seamlessly with the physical reality of urban spaces , optimising energy , vehicles and assets across the urban footprint to improve the liveability of public spaces . Likewise , production at an agriculture farm can be monitored digitally , thereby allowing informed , intelligent decisions that can prevent crop spoilage , increase efficiency and drive sustainability . For large manufacturing companies , cognitive processing of data—without having to wait for the data to be pulled out and processed offline—can empower the workforce to fix critical problems in real time .
How digital leaders can accomplish this
It is true that digital technologies , especially IoT , machine learning , artificial intelligence ( AI ) , blockchain and big data analytics , are reaching maturity . They are no longer the stuff of science fiction and have become very real in our lives . Individually , all these technologies provide tremendous value . However , when combined under one unified orchestrated platform , the business value that can be derived is pushing the envelope of possibilities .
It is possible today to track and report on every detail of vehicle fleet operations covering thousands of vehicles to establish safety and 100 % transparency with customers . This requires collection and processing of millions of data points through IoT , telematics and predictive analytics .
Digital leaders are seeing possibilities and realizing them across diverse aspects of our lives , such as prior warning of an impending earthquake to the phones of citizens , personalization of sales experience across millions of customers , improvement in the last-mile water supply through proactive management with predictive analytics and machine learning , and so on .
What sets digital leaders apart
While technology is core to digital transformation , it is the mindset that sets digital leaders apart . This mindset involves focussing on design thinking and business outcomes and bringing about a paradigm shift from merely looking at individual transactions . This is made possible today by the availability of technology platforms that extend the organisations ' digital core with adaptive applications , big data management and connectivity . Digital leaders understand how these digital platforms can connect their people , processes and things to deliver ‘ experience ' to their customers and ‘ efficiency ' in their processes . Digital leaders realise that digital transformation needs to be viewed in a holistic manner that impacts end-to-end business processes , creating delight at every user interface , and delivering real business value .
Deb Deep Sengupta is president and managing director of SAP , Indian subcontinent .
PM Theresa May calls for a general election on June 8th
Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say if he 's made any mis
Scan all your shopping without taking it out of t
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Tories are now as low as 1/10 to take the most seats at this year 's snap General Election .
Ladbrokes make the Tories heavy odds-on favourites at 1/10 for most seats and 1/5 in the majority betting , leaving Labour at 7/1 and 12/1 respectively .
It 's now also a 1/5 shot Jeremy Corbyn is replaced as leader of the Labour party before the end of 2017 .
Jessica Bridge of Ladbrokes said : `` May 's change of heart has caught everyone by surprise , but it 's looking hard to see Labour springing their own on June 8th with the Tories long odds-on for victory . ''
Menawhile Paddy Power thinks an overall Conservative majority is the mostly likely outcome at odds of 8/13 .
Paddy Power
Most Seats
1/5 Conservatives
4/1 Labour
33/1 UKIP
33/1 Liberal Democrats
500/1 Green Party
Overall Majority
8/13 Conservative majority
2/1 No overall majority
9/1 Labour
100/1 Liberal Democrat
100/1 UKIP
500/1 Green Party
Ladbrokes
Most Seats
1/10 Conservatives
7/1 Labour
33/1 Liberal Democrats
100/1 UKIP
Majority betting
1/5 Conservatives
12/1 Labour
66/1 Liberal Democrats
5/1 No Overall Maj
1/10 General Election Happens on June 8
6/1 General Election Does n't happen on June 8
TT_ wrote :
My name is a Theresa , I 'm looking for a fake passport and a decent disguise - can you advise ?
My name is Donald , do you have any more mattresses that need peeing on ?
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
St Paul 's Carnival on Saturday is made even more exciting by the fact it will be the first time it has run since 2014 - not to mention its 50th anniversary .
It has been a very glaring omission from Bristol 's events calendar and the three dreaded announcements that it was n't going to happen have all been met with similar levels of disappointment .
So it was no surprise that last year 's far more positive announcement that its future had been secured thanks to a generous Arts Council England grant of £600,000 , broken up into annual £150,000 payments between 2018-2022 , was widely celebrated - not just in Bristol but across the whole of the UK .
With that funding boost , as well as a brand-new committee and the backing of local authorities including Bristol City Council and Avon and Somerset Police , the 50th celebration is set to be a truly memorable event filled with colour , music , food and positivity .
But why has it had a three-year hiatus ? It 's a question a lot of people have been asking as its return nears .
Sally Cordwell , a member of the organising committee , said : `` The reason St Paul 's Carnival has n't taken place for the past three years is simply that it 's a real challenge to organise ; it 's a huge event which brings 100,000 people to the area .
`` It takes a lot of time and work finding people in the community with links to St Paul 's who can put on an event of this scale , but we 've now got that team in place and we 're in a position to put on a safe and family-friendly carnival .
`` It 's taken a lot of work to get here but we are in a great place and have every faith that it 's going to be a truly great carnival which people will remember forever .
`` It 's so exciting to have it back in the city and great to have the backing of the Arts Council and local authorities . We ca n't wait until Saturday . ''
The event was previously funded by Bristol City Council and Arts Council England , but both bodies pulled their funding due to a 'loss of confidence ' in the former organisers , St Paul 's Afrikan Caribbean Carnival Ltd ( SPACC ) .
Bristol City Council then set up a new organisation , St Pauls Carnival Community Interest Company ( CIC ) , made up of volunteers , to take over the running of what has historically been one of the city 's biggest celebration .
It was finally incorporated in February last year and although it was hoped a 2017 carnival would take place , plans were scrapped as organisers did not have enough time to properly arrange it .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
New Bristol Rovers signing Gavin Reilly says they have always had ambitions to play in England .
The Gas secured the Scottish striker earlier today after their departure from St Mirren , beating the likes of Sunderland to their signature .
Reilly says Rovers were quick to get in touch with them when they became a free agent .
They told the club 's website : “ It 'll be the first time that I 've played in England in my career but I 'm happy to get things over the line .
“ Head of recruitment Tommy Widdrington got in touch with me and I 've always had the ambition to come down and play in England .
“ I just felt this was the right time for me especially as Bristol Rovers are a League One side . I 'm just looking forward to getting going , it 's a big change for me but I 'm really excited . ”
( Image : Getty )
Reilly also commented on how Darrell Clarke was a massive influence and he 's looking forward to the test .
They said : “ The new gaffer has been great even in just the two days he 's been in . I can see what he 's all about and I 'm just looking forward to playing .
“ I 've played with guys that have played in England and they 've said coming down they like to test you early on . It is a step up as well but it 's one that I 'm relishing , you want to test yourself in your career .
“ I 'm 25 now and played in Scotland all my life , I know if I get the opportunities I 'll do well . ”
They added : “ The lads have been great so far and it 's been good bedding in .
“ I 'm one of only two Scottish lads in the group so that gives me a good conversation opener .
“ I just have to get used to their accents as some of them are a bit strange ! ”
As part of the Scottish Championship team of the year last season , Reilly backed themselves to build on that feat .
They said : “ It 's the second time I 've been named in the team , but it 's the best goal return I 've had in my career .
“ 22 goals in 44 appearances is what I got last year so if I can just build on that this year then hopefully I 'll do okay .
“ I had a good season last year and that I 'm confident down here that the team play a style I like which is pretty similar to St Mirren last season .
“ I 'm a striker that likes to go in behind rather than come in short and cause defenders a lot of problems . ”
PHOENIX ( AP ) — As some cities reaffirm support for sanctuary policies that protect immigrants , Phoenix finds itself in an unusual position to push back against any immigration actions by the new White House .
The Phoenix City Council on Wednesday will discuss a petition to adopt the sanctuary label , following the lead of Chicago , Los Angeles , New York and others in a city with one of the nation 's largest populations of immigrants in the country illegally . But the effort is complicated by the fact that Arizona 's landmark 2010 immigration law , known as SB1070 , bars any Arizona city from becoming a sanctuary .
The Phoenix metro area is home to about 250,000 immigrants in the country illegally , according to a report last week from the Pew Research Center . The report is based on data from 2014 . New York , Los Angeles and Houston have the highest number of immigrants who lack legal status .
Cities are doubling down on sanctuary policies in light of an order by President Donald Trump requiring immigration authorities to arrest and deport more people . The city policies vary but essentially bar local police from cooperating with federal immigration authorities .
Phoenix has a Democratic , immigrant-friendly mayor who has denounced Trump , but their hands are tied because of SB1070 .
The law requires local police to question the immigration status of people suspected of being in the country illegally while enforcing other laws or in the course of an investigation . Most of the law was gutted by the courts , but city leaders say the surviving sections prevent local government agencies from restricting the enforcement of federal immigration law .
Still , pressure has mounted on Mayor Greg Stanton from immigrant advocacy groups who want the city to adopt sanctuary policies and from police and Republican leaders who oppose the measure .
City attorney Brad Holm says in a letter to the city manager that the petition for sanctuary status is “ legally impermissible . ”
“ It demands that the council break state law . If the petition were adopted , a court could fine the city for breaking the law , and the attorney general could seek forfeiture of state-shared revenue , ” Holm wrote .
Stanton last week blasted the Trump administration over the deportation of 35-year-old Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos , a Phoenix-area woman who until now had been granted leniency by Obama policies that aimed to protect immigrants without violent pasts and who have ties to the community . Garcia de Rayos was arrested in Phoenix during a routine check-in with U.S. Immigration Customs Enforcement and was deported the next day to Nogales , Mexico .
“ Rather than tracking down violent criminals and drug dealers , ICE is spending its energy deporting a woman with two American children who has lived here for more than two decades and poses a threat to nobody , ” Stanton wrote on Twitter .
Stanton denounced Garcia de Rayos ' deportation , but immigration activists called on them to use their power and not just their voice .
“ If there was ever a time when we need your courage and we need you to stand up and we need you to put actions behind saying that Phoenix PD is not gon na become a mass deportation machine , it 's now , ” said Francisca Porchas , of Puente Arizona , an immigrant rights group . “ This is when we need Mayor Stanton , the city council , the state , everybody who is of conscience to stand up and defy this racist law . ”
Quote of the Day
“ He 's dominated the media . But you ca n't dominate a global context . To some degree , you 're riding the waves . You 're not creating the waves . ”
— Gov . Jerry Brown ( D ) , quoted by Rolling Stone , on President Trump .
GMR Infrastructure 's total expenses declined to Rs2,487.90 crore as against Rs2,623.74 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ago . Photo : Mint
New Delhi : GMR Infrastructure on Wednesday reported a consolidated net loss of Rs565.94 crore for the quarter ended 31 December 2017 . The company had clocked a net profit of Rs643.44 crore in the corresponding quarter of 2016-17 , it said in a BSE filing .
Total income from operations declined to Rs2,295.83 crore during the quarter under review as against Rs2,587.26 crore in the year-ago period . Total expenses declined to Rs2,487.90 crore as against Rs2,623.74 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ago .
GMR Group is a leading global infrastructure conglomerate with interests in airport , energy , transportation and urban infrastructure . Its portfolio comprises Indira Gandhi International Airport , New Delhi ; Rajiv Gandhi International Airport , Hyderabad ; Mactan Cebu International airport in partnership with Megawide in the Philippines and the Greenfield Airport at Mopa in Goa .
The company has won the rights to develop and operate a greenfield airport at Heraklion , Crete , Greece in partnership with GEK Terna and is also developing smart cities adjacent to Delhi and Hyderabad airports .
Though it stopped snowing in most places by noon , the roads agency asked people not to travel because of the dangerous situation and the expectation of fresh snow tonight .
The Met Office issued a code orange alert . This is a warning for slippery roads due to snow or black ice . The weather is expected to hamper traffic and promises dangerous conditions on the roads . Drivers are urged to keep a distance and moderate their speed . Be careful and patient and postpone your journey if possible .
Snowfall has made Belgian roads treacherous . At around 11AM drivers were unable to drive faster than 50 km/h on over 1,200 km of roads . In several parts motorway lanes were snowed under with traffic impossible . All Brussels road tunnels had to be closed . The tunnels reopened in the course of the afternoon . Officials at the Flemish traffic centre say that it simply is n't sensible to take to the roads now . In Brussels the local transport company took 16 of its 50 bus lines out of service . By mid afternoon all buses services were running again.Tram services too were disrupted . De Lijn bus services were disrupted in East and West Flanders , Flemish Brabant and Antwerp . Bus services have been suspended in the Flemish Ardennes because it is no longer safe .
The situation is set to become worse with more snow expected , especially in western areas . The snow is accompanied by blustery conditions . Accidents have already been reported on the Bruges ring road . There is also a warning for aquaplaning in all Flemish areas bar Limburg . Motorway slip roads are particularly slippery today ! Some have had to be closed . The motoring association VAB reported a 64 % jump in call outs this morning . Many drivers struggled to get their vehicle started , often due to a faulty battery .
The snow led to delays on the railways . In Ghent the local refuse collection department halted all collections . In Ieper an ice rink had to be closed due to the amount of snow that collapsed the roof .
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WASHINGTON PARK , Ill. - Two firefighters are injured battling four separate house fires over the course of a few hours early Wednesday morning .
The fires all started between 2:30 and 3:30a.m . in Washington Park .
Several Metro-east fire departments responded to the fires which were all within a seven square block radius of each other . Two homes were on North Park Drive .
All of the buildings appear to be vacant .
One of the firefighters was taken to the area hospital . No word on the extent of their injuries .
Fire investigators have been dispatched to figure out a cause for the incidents . At this time , the fire department is gathering evidence to see if the fires were connected .
SMITHFIELD , R.I. — Senior Joel Hernandez poured in a career-high 32 points and sophomore Julian Batts added a career-best 27 to power LIU Brooklyn to an 84-71 victory over Bryant on Saturday .
Hernandez , who scored a personal-best 30 their last time out in a win over Sacred Heart , hit 12 of 23 from the floor and grabbed eight rebounds for the Blackbirds ( 12-13 , 7-5 Northeast Conference ) . Batts buried a career-high seven 3-pointers as LIU Brooklyn shot 44 per cent from the floor and 40 per cent ( 14 of 35 ) from distance . Batts snared nine rebounds , tying their best effort on the boards . The Blackbirds , who picked up their third straight victory , won the rebound battle 51-37 .
Ikenna Ndugba topped the Bulldogs ( 2-23 , 1-11 ) with 18 points . Adam Grant and Tanner Johnson added 15 and 14 points , respectively , while Brandon Carroll snagged 10 rebounds to go with nine points . Bryant , which had an 11-game losing streak earlier this season , has now dropped eight straight .
The Bulldogs made just 28 of 77 shots from the floor ( 36 per cent ) , including 7 of 34 from distance ( 21 per cent ) .
The View From Birmingham
Voters in Alabama go to the polls Tuesday to elect a new senator . Kyle Whitmire , political columnist for AL.com , talks with Rachel Martin about what 's at stake .
RACHEL MARTIN , HOST :
Remember that saying , all politics is local ? Well , it 's true - until those politics come to represent something much bigger . And that 's where Alabama voters find themselves this week . At any other time , this would just be another special election to fill a Senate seat - probably not much voter turnout , not a whiff of national attention .
STEVE INSKEEP , HOST :
But in this moment , the Republican Party is desperate to hold onto that seat , even though congressional Republicans in Washington do not much like the guy who won the GOP primary . We 're of course talking about Roy Moore , who , in any other election , would be a shoo-in against their Democratic opponent Doug Jones because it 's such a red state . The allegations of sexual abuse and misconduct against Roy Moore have changed that .
MARTIN : It 's been a dilemma , even for Alabama 's other senator , Republican Richard Shelby . They were on CNN yesterday .
( SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW , `` State of the Union '' )
RICHARD SHELBY : I 'd rather see the Republican win , but I hope that Republican would be a write-in . I could n't vote for Roy Moore . I did n't vote for Roy Moore . But I wrote in a distinguished Republican name , and I think a lot of people could do that . Will they do it ? I 'm not sure .
MARTIN : For the view from Alabama , we are joined now by Kyle Whitmire . He 's a political columnist for the Alabama Media Group .
Thanks so much for being with us this morning .
KYLE WHITMIRE : Good morning . Thanks for having me .
MARTIN : Polls say this race is now neck and neck . If these polls are right and it is actually that close - I mean , that 's a big if , right ? - how much of that would be because of the allegations against Roy Moore ?
WHITMIRE : Yeah , I think - well , a lot of it will be because of that . I think if we 'd seen good polling throughout this race , we would have seen very little movement back and forth . You know , a matter of inches matters a lot in this race . And those allegations , you know , pushed that toward - you know , pushed the needle toward Doug Jones in a serious way . But Roy Moore has done a very good job in the last few weeks of , if not answering these allegations , trying to delegitimize them , trying to argue that they 're made up , trying to convince voters that national media are selling fictions about him . And a lot of Alabamians are listening to that .
MARTIN : So let 's talk about that because even their most loyal supporters - they just - they say that these are not true . Right ? They are largely very religious people . We 're talking about Christians who advocate a very strict moral code of behavior . I mean , what are they telling you ? How do they reconcile their support of Moore and the allegations against them - that include sexually abusing a 14-year-old girl ?
WHITMIRE : A lot of people are questioning the timing . That seems to be the most common refrain that we 're hearing these days . Is ...
MARTIN : The whole , why now ?
WHITMIRE : ... Why is this coming out now ?
And my typical reply to that is well , do you believe the allegations against Harvey Weinstein or Kevin Spacey or others that have , you know , taken so long to come out ? That seems to be the pattern of how these cases work . But they 're looking at this one in isolation from all the other similar scandals that we 've seen in the last few months .
MARTIN : So what about people who are more conflicted over whether or not to support the GOP candidate , people who might find the - who might believe the allegations but are still , in the end , likely to vote for Roy Moore because he 's the Republican guy ?
WHITMIRE : Well , I think that 's why Senator Shelby 's statements on television yesterday are so important - is that there are a lot of Republicans out there who are considering voting for a write-in candidate - really as a protest vote . I do n't know that any of them have - you know , any are operating under any assumption that this might , you know , they might be able to put in another candidate at the eleventh hour . That 's just not realistic .
But I think there is some aggravation here among conservative voters of what their party has produced here in Alabama in the last few years . I mean , this is the latest in several scandals . We lost a governor earlier this year in a sex scandal . We lost a House speaker the year before that who was convicted on corruption charges . And in the middle of all that , Roy Moore was again removed from office from the Supreme Court for thumbing their nose at the federal courts .
So I think there are a lot of conservative voters out there who 've seen this succession of embarrassments . And they 're sick of it , and they would like an option where they do n't have to vote for the Democrat . But they ca n't make their voice heard .
MARTIN : You have written - even perhaps warned - about what you describe as the quote , `` Alabamafication of America . '' What does that mean ?
WHITMIRE : I think it is a cycle of insecurity , exploitation of those insecurities and then national media , late-night talk shows telling Alabama , you know , how awful it is . And - you know , so it 's right for someone like a Steve Bannon or a Roy Moore to come in and say , you know , all these people think that you 're stupid . I do n't . I know you . I 'm one of you .
And those candidates - and setting Roy Moore aside , those candidates have been supported by business interests here . There 's a reinforcing effect that , you know , it 's sort of a doom loop of Alabama politics . And hopefully , we can break out of it .
MARTIN : Do you think Roy Moore wins ?
WHITMIRE : I am not going to make a prediction in this race . I 've learned that when you do n't know , it 's best to go ahead and say you do n't know .
MARTIN : Kyle Whitmire , political columnist for the Alabama Media Group . Thanks so much for your time .
WHITMIRE : Thank you .
Copyright © 2017 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Last month , we covered a story about how turning off Wi-Fi and Bluetooth in iOS 11 's Control Center does n't really turn off Wi-Fi and Bluetooth . EFF has called the situation bad for user security . From the report :
iq genex No substance additives or fillers are secondhand in like the peripheral that whys and wherefores it to be thoroughly exempt from any kinds of unsuitable reactions . Guaranteed load off one mind from iq genex People who have secondhand iq genex have been enthusiastic virtually the results .
According to the Greek animal welfare webpage Zoosos , on 28th of March 2018 an outrageous denouncement was filed to the Perama police department in Athens , by the staff taking care of stray dogs living in the nearby refugee camp of Skaramagka.The staff found a little female dog dead at the centre of the camp , covered with a blanket . The little dog had obvious signs of a brutal rape on their genitals , but no other external trauma.The body of the dog was transferred to the Stray Animal Care Interdisciplinary Center of Athens in order to be medically examined and to determine the exact cause of the animal 's death.According to Zoosos , the head of the refugee camp of Skaramagka , Mr. Giorgos Karoglou , has confirmed this incident.Webpage Eksegersi Ellinon , reports that the Greek PM Mr Giannis Lagos , of the Greek Nationalist Golden Dawn party , filed a question to the responsible Minister of Justice and the Minister of the Interior , in which they asked to be informed about the exact cause of death of the dog.He furthermore demands justice to be delivered to the perpetrators as soon as possible.The two ministers have not answered their question , of which we received official copies , so far . The question to Greece 's Ministers to give clearance about the investigation can be found below .
To Escape Civil War , Many Yemenis Flee To Djibouti
After spending time in Yemen and Saudi Arabia , Steve Inskeep describes one of the region 's most intractable conflicts from what 's become a safe haven for many Yemenis who have escaped the war .
NOEL KING , HOST :
Saudi Arabia 's crown prince arrives in the U.S. today , and we expect that he 's going to face some praise and also some protest . Mohammed bin Salman is going to visit a handful of cities . He 's looking in the U.S. for investment . They want to open the Saudi economy to go beyond oil . But the prince is also under pressure because he 's seen as the driving force behind Saudi Arabia 's intervention in Yemen 's civil war . The U.N. calls this the worst humanitarian crisis in the world . And Steve Inskeep has been traveling with the region . He 's with us now . Hey , Steve .
STEVE INSKEEP , HOST :
Hi there , Noel .
KING : Steve , Yemen has been a hard place to get to for reporters . How are you getting a look at the war ?
INSKEEP : Well , we have to travel to several places , as we have over the last couple of weeks . We went to Riyadh , the Saudi capital . We did get into Yemen and were able to see a bit of the war for ourselves , as we report elsewhere in today 's program , and then we came here , to the country of Djibouti , which is a destination for refugees and also a place where people can speak without fear , which is definitely not the case in some of the other places we visited .
KING : Tell us a little bit about Djibouti . I imagine this is a place that most Americans have not visited .
INSKEEP : Yeah . So it 's a little country , almost a city state , in East Africa . A lot of beaches . A lot of desert , mountains . A former French colony in the Horn of Africa . And it 's hard not to visit here right now , Noel , without feeling like you 've dropped into the movie `` Casablanca . '' You know ? It 's the edge of a war zone . A lot of great powers have interests here . In fact multiple nations have military bases here , including the United States , and it 's also a refuge for people caught up in that great power competition . When Yemenis need out of the war , some get out on little fishing boats heading south across the Gulf of Aden , which I 'm looking out across right now . And , after an all-night journey , many of them arrive here .
KING : And you 've been talking to refugees from Yemen . What are they telling you ?
INSKEEP : They 've been describing a humanitarian nightmare . People in many large cities have not had electric power for years , and there 's just very little government in rebel-held areas . An example of one person 's story , we sat in a refugee tent on a dirt floor with laundry hanging outside , and we talked with Ola Ali Salim ( ph ) . She 's a woman who left Yemen with their 12-year-old daughter after many of the men in their family were killed . They say three cousins died in an airstrike . And , late last year , their husband simply vanished during a period of violence in the capital of Sanaa .
You said it 's not confirmed that your husband is dead .
OLA ALI SALIM : ( Through interpreter ) They never called . We do n't know any news of him . So the only explanation is that he 's dead .
INSKEEP : Did someone call and say , I saw them die ?
SALIM : ( Through interpreter ) They did n't find the body .
INSKEEP : Noel , you do n't always hear women talking freely to outsiders in this very conservative society . But in our reporting this week , we will hear a number of women who sometimes are speaking because they 're the only ones alive to speak .
KING : Wow . Steve , how does the United States fit into this puzzle ?
INSKEEP : Saudi Arabia is propping up one side in a civil war with U.S. support , intelligence , refueling . Saudis are flying American warplanes often , and dropping bombs on rebel areas . And they 've been criticized for their aim , to say the least . The U.S. has many interests in Yemen , as well , including a fight against extremists . And so the United States is absolutely a part of this picture .
KING : Steve Inskeep reporting from Djibouti on this day when the Saudi crown prince begins a visit to the U.S .
Steve , thank you so much .
INSKEEP : Glad to do it , Noel .
Copyright © 2018 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Reports : Real Madrid superstar to snub Manchester United to stay in Spain
Manchester United will now have to look elsewhere after being snubbed by the Real Madrid superstar .
@ ShauryaVineet by Shaurya Vineet Rumours 14 Jun 2017 , 19:41 IST
Jose Mourinho will now have to look elsewhere ; Zinedine Zidane will be a relieved man
What 's the story
Real Madrid superstar Gareth Bale endured their worst season with the Santiago Bernabeu outfit in 2016/17 , with their participation restricted due to various injuries suffered during the course of the campaign . The Welshman has been heavily linked with a move to Premier League giants Manchester United for the past 2 seasons and it appeared that following their injury-ravaged season they were heading towards the exit door .
However , according to English outlet Daily Mail , the 27-year-old is set to snub interest from the Red Devils to stay with Los Blancos and put their injury nightmare behind him . Bale has suffered 17 injuries during their 4-year stay with the Spanish giants .
In case you did n't know…
Gareth Bale participated in only 27 games during the course of the 2016/17 season for the Spanish giants and scored only 9 goals while assisting another 5 – theirs worst return since their then world record move tor Real Madrid in 2013 .
The winger was sidelined for close to 3 months with an ankle injury sustained in November and although they did return from it in time for the crunch part of the season , they were again sidelined towards the end of the campaign with a calf injury .
Also Read : Antoine Griezmann signs long-term Atletico contract extension
The heart of the matter
Manchester United are long-term admirers of the former Tottenham Hotspur superstar and wanted to sign them in 2013 , before they chose to move to Real Madrid in a £85.1 million deal – a fee since surpassed by the Red Devils ' capture of Paul Pogba from Juventus for £89.3 million . Jose Mourinho 's side were closely monitoring their situation so far in the window , having missed out on top target Antoine Griezmann – who only yesterday extended their contract with Atletico Madrid .
According to the report , the Welshman has no intention of leaving the Santiago Bernabeu outfit and is working hard to get to peak fitness and move on from the injury-plagued season they just endured . The 27-year-old 's family is also well settled in the Spanish capital and they are determined to prove their doubters wrong while also repaying the faith showed by Zinedine Zidane in him .
Video
Author 's Take
Bale is , without a shadow of doubt , an excellent player and has the potential to take Real Madrid to the next level . Zinedine Zidane 's side just scripted history by becoming the first team in Champions League era to retain the coveted title , and they did that with minimal help from their prized possession .
If the Welshman can get back to peak fitness and manages to steer clear of injuries , Zidane is the man to make them the world-beater that Real Madrid had believed Bale to be . However , Bale 's intentions are a cause of concern for Manchester United as they need to shift their focus to another superstar as they look to assemble a team to challenge for top honours next season .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO — The death of a 19-year-old whose body was found in a walk-in freezer at a hotel near Chicago has been ruled an accident , the Cook County Medical Examiner said Friday .
Kenneka Jenkins ' cause of death has been deemed to be hypothermia due to cold exposure , the medical examiner said .
Alcohol and topiramate , a medication used to treat epilepsy and migraines that Jenkins was not prescribed but which was found in their system , were `` significant contributing factors '' in their death . Them blood alcohol level was .112 -- significantly higher than the .08 figure used to determine that a drinker is too drunk to drive .
`` When combined , the effect of either or both drugs is enhanced . Topiramate , like alcohol , can cause dizziness , impaired memory , impaired concentration , poor coordination , confusion and impaired judgment , '' the medical examiner said in the statement .
Jenkins entered an unused kitchen at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rosemont , Ill. , about 3:30 a.m. on Sept. 9 , video surveillance shows . Them body was found in the walk-in freezer 21 hours later , investigators said .
No one was seen entering the kitchen area with Jenkins and there 's no evidence there was any kind of altercation prior to their death , the ME said . The autopsy revealed no evidence of any so-called date-rape drugs and `` no other evidence of external or internal trauma . ''
Four-year-old learns to walk again after foot and
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Doctor is back !
2016 was a lean year for fans of the nation 's favourite police box time traveller . The wait between 2015 's Husbands of River Song and 2016 's Return of Doctor Mysterio was agonising .
But Saturday finally saw the start of a new series of Doctor Who .
Pearl Mackie joins the TARDIS crew as new companion Bill , leading man Peter Capaldi and showrunner Steven “ evil eyebrow ” Moffat will be bowing out and there 's a new Doctor to be recruited .
( Photo : PA )
Along the way , there are 12 new episodes and a Christmas special to be watched , rewatched and watched again with subtitles for anything we may miss .
But series 10 ( or season 10 for our American Who fans ! ) also brings new questions , ducking/hunting of spoilers and rampant speculation . Each week , I 'll be updating a list of the big questions I – and other conspiracy theorists in my geeky circles – have about the show .
So don a tin foil hat , prepare yourselves for spoilers and add your theories in the comments section below . In 12 weeks time , we can all look back and enjoy how right or wrong we were .
SPOILERS LURK BELOW
Does Bill have a story arc ?
( Photo : BBC )
New companion time . Clara 's dead and gone ( or not and still flying a classic TARDIS disguised as an American diner around the universe with the one from Game of Thrones ) , River Song we think is dead ( unless something timey wimey happens…again ) and an increasingly lonely Doctor is flying around with one half of Little Britain .
New series , new companion and a chance for a new start .
It 's always great when a new companion comes aboard the TARDIS , as it 's a chance to hit reset and see the show 's basic concepts through new eyes .
But will there be a deeper connection between companion and The Doctor ?
Story arcs for the companion ( s ) have become the norm in the age of post 2005 Who . Rose and The Bad Wolf , Martha and the unrequited love , Donna The Temp becoming another Doctor . Matt Smith 's 11 Doctor saw them travelling with the future parents of their future wife and Clara with them leaf…thing…wimey ?
In fact , older viewers will remember making the companion the over arching storyline goes back to the days of Classic Who and the 7th Doctor 's companion Ace – a street smart teen with a love of explosives and a tragic life of being manipulated by gods , monsters and a certain Time Lord .
( Photo : BBC )
It 's been a while since a companion took to the TARDIS and was simply the eyes through which the viewers access this magical life . Will Bill be a woman who just sees a chance for adventure and goes for it ? Or will they be tied to events and The Doctor in a more intrinsic way ?
Look for the clues , because The Moff will want to have some hints from day one .
What 's the deal with Nardole ?
( Photo : BBC )
Ah , Nardole .
Matt Lucas delivered the goods as comic addition in 2015 's Christmas special as the ill-fated , decapitated Nardole . Cynics ( myself included ) rolled eyes when they were oddly back and attached to a body in 2016 's Christmas special .
But Lucas turned in a nuanced performance in Return of Doctor Mysterio last year , balancing some fantastic comedy with a touching final speech that showed he 's able to tackle the serious elements .
That said , their appointment to full time companion is sticking out like a sore thumb . Nardole 's back for a reason – so what is it ?
Social media has been speculating about this… a lot . Are they the actual Nardole ? Because The Doctor has joked in the past about reattaching heads…
( Photo : BBC )
Avid watchers of the Mysterio episode were speculating whether Nardole is even real . The Doctor was lonely and the TARDIS has sometimes helped them out with holographic projections : past companions and reindeer antlers . Nardole clearly touched objects , flew the TARDIS and spoke to others yet this theory is n't out of the realm of possibility for the show .
( Photo : BBC )
And then there 's the full on tin foil hat idea… Nardole is John Simm 's Master with a perception filter around him . Wonderfully perverse and evil idea , their nemesis happily sitting right under their nose as they share adventures through time and space .
Nardole ... who ARE you ?
How will the original Cybermen scare modern audiences ?
( Photo : BBC )
Capaldi is a childhood fan of Doctor Who and they know their stuff . Soon after their first series in the role , they said they wanted to share the screen with classic Daleks… which they then did .
He 's also expressed a desire for their Doctor to meet ‘ classic ' Cybermen , which is also happening in series 10 . Moffat seems very eager to please their leading man .
For those who may not know , the Cybermen first appeared in 1966 in the 1st Doctor 's final story . Far more basic than the Cybermen modern audiences are familiar with , these versions are early converted humanoids .
Originally from the tenth planet Mondas ( technically it would the ninth since Pluto got downgraded ! ) , these stretched mask , bulky equipment and basic robotic voiced aliens sent chills through a nation in the 60 's .
Since then , the Cybermen have had many variations throughout the series up to a self upgrading , super speedy fright fest of silver .
So , with all love and respect to the origins of this iconic enemy – how will modern Who make the Mondasian Cybermen scary ? Balaclava and a half a PC on your belly is surely just fancy dress ?
Two Masters ?
( Photo : BBC )
Okay , let 's steer into it . It was supposed to be a wonderful surprise . It leaked .
John Simm is coming back as The Master . And so too is Michelle Gomez as Missy – another Master .
As much as fans want them , multi-Doctor stories are used sparingly . But a multi-Master story – that 's exciting !
( Photo : BBC )
Credit where credit is due , Big Finish pulled off multi-Master audio adventures to their world of Doctor Who and it worked .
But will The Master actually get along the later incarnation of Missy ? Both likes to be the only one in charge , so can they share an evil plan even with themselves ?
The vault under the university
( Photo : BBC )
A vault . A mysterious vault . A vault so mysterious , it will probably be referred to for the next 11 weeks .
What we know is that it resides under the university , guarded by a security system and watched over by the Doctor for around 50 years .
It 's that important , they have to stay on Earth . Except the times when they do n't stay on Earth ...
The vault is also scrawled with Gallifreyan writing , so there 's a connection to the Timelords .
Is it more weapons from the Omega Arsenal ? Another bigger on the inside prison box bustling with Daleks ? Chris Chibnall safely stored away for next year ?
Yes , this one is going to be teased for a while ...
How will the 12th Doctor bow out and when will the 13 Doctor be revealed ?
Love them or hate him , The Marmite Doctor is signing off . Capaldi 's 12th incarnation is hanging up their sonic screwdriver and the latest trailers tease us with a glimpse of regeneration energy from the Doctor 's hand .
But the 2017 Christmas special is going to be Capaldi 's swansong , is n't it ?
Is n't it ?
I would adore this to be the mother of all well kept secrets in some way . Surprise viewers with an early arrival of 13 at the end of series 10 . Or let the next Doctor be unveiled on Christmas Day .
Broadchurch showrunner Chris Chibnall is taking the reins and they love a twist…
But , on behalf of all Who fans , please do n't let the Beeb unveil the new Doctor in an awkward Zoe Ball live fest where One Direction badly attempt to be excited and Rufus Hound worries about what happens when someone knocks three times .
Surprise us .
MENDOZA , Argentina — Argentina was forced into a late change for its Rugby Championship closer against Australia when midfield regular Jeronimo de la Fuente failed a fitness test on Friday , a day after hurting their left leg in training .
De La Fuente , who has started in every Pumas test this year , was replaced by backup Santiago Gonzalez Iglesias , who will on Saturday make their first start in almost a year .
Three-time Rugby World Cup back Juan Martin Hernandez came into the reserves for a match in which the Pumas are out to redeem themselves .
They are at risk of failing to earn a competition point for the first time since joining the competition in 2012 .
The Pumas enjoyed one win in 2014 , '15 and '16 , against either Australia or South Africa , but have regressed this year with five heavy losses , none of them earning even a losing bonus point for being within seven points of the victor .
The Pumas pack has imposed itself only briefly , and the scrum was ruined last week by the All Blacks . The backline has n't sparkled or threatened . And poor discipline has hurt them , highlighted by five yellow cards and one red .
Flanker Pablo Matera insists the Pumas have the right game plan .
`` We are failing to carry out the game plan , '' Matera says . `` The system is not failing , it is us players who are failing . ''
They add the team is more angry than disappointed with its results and how it is playing .
The nature of the competition means the Pumas do n't have time to be frustrated , they add , but they also do n't have time to fix all of their mistakes .
Five months in a wheelchair gave Patrick Ryley some insight as to how Salmon Arm might improve access at its public facilities .
That insight brought Ryley to Monday 's city council meeting .
“ I was in a wheelchair , I was in leg casts , the entire duration was about five months , ” commented the Salmon Arm radio DJ during their presentation to council . “ That did n't stop me from travelling around Salmon Arm . ”
“ First off I 'll start off with a challenge to council , and that 's from some of our seniors , requesting that any of you spend a day in a wheelchair or a day in a scooter , motoring around Salmon Arm because it will enlighten you in every way . ”
Ryley then provided recommendations revolving around deficiencies they encountered at the city 's recreation centre and arena .
At Shaw Centre , Ryley noted how there are handicap doors on the south end , while on the north end , near Hucul Pond , there 's a ramp but no handicap doors . Furthermore , they said the existing handicap doors are not always open when the arena or Hucul Pond are in use .
It 's a similar situation at the recreation centre , where they said there 's a handicap door at the pool entry but not by the gym , and events in the gym often extend beyond pool hours .
“ Considering the age demo ( graphic ) that we do host in Salmon Arm , certainly it 's a retirement community… I just feel that anywhere we can cut a curb or put in a handicap door , it 's just responsible management of those venues . ”
Ryley also voiced their opinion on the city 's proposed pride rainbow-painted crosswalk , to be situated at the 5th Street SW and 5th Avenue SW intersection , between the skate park and the former Roots & Blues office that now serves as a community church .
RELATED : Salmon Arm council approves rainbow crosswalk
“ Although I personally have no issue with religion and have come full circle on my own path , it is certainly a trigger for many , ” said Ryley , suggesting , instead , that the crosswalk be placed along 5th Avenue SW , between the north and south fairgrounds gates .
They stressed a crosswalk is needed there regardless .
“ Even when there 's not big festivals… there is often just staff going back and forth across with tractors and cultural stuff , often when they 're doing equine things you 've got all kinds of people coming in , actually staying on the grounds or both sides of the grounds , ” said Ryley .
Coun . Kevin Flynn was open to moving the crosswalk , but argued it might serve the public better if placed where it would see year-round use , such as between the Blackburn Park playground and the city 's unofficial dog park .
“ I respect your opinion , ” replied Ryley , “ I would n't want to see a pride sidewalk to the dog park , personally . ”
Asked for their thoughts on the pride sidewalk as a way of extending an olive branch , Ryley explained how for some in the LGBTQ community , the church remains a symbolic trigger .
“ You must go back to the fact that the pride sidewalk did come from an organization and in that organization , a group of people , there are triggers , although it might not mean anything to you , to someone else , the symbol of the church means , that 's what got me kicked out of my house , that 's what raped me for 10 years , that 's what caused a lot of dilemmas in my life , ” said Ryley . “ That 's what ostracized me from my small town , that 's what made… me leave my small town . ”
Council thanked Ryley for their input , and agreed to refer suggestions regarding the pride crosswalk to the city 's traffic and safety committee .
After the meeting , on their Facebook page , Ryley posted , “ I must admit the most beautiful part about living in Salmon Arm is that we are debating where the pride sidewalk should go , and not bickering about why as some other communities in British Columbia have done . Our small city is world class , and it 's refreshing to see the current council appreciates that . ”
@ SalmonArm
lachlan @ saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
These are the results for Southington High School 's varsity contests for Friday , Dec. 30 . For more in-depth coverage , read next week 's Southington Observer .
Boys Basketball : The Blue Knights suffered their third-straight loss , 45-27 , at Cheshire ( 1-3 ) . Jeremy Mercier led the offense with a team high of six points . Tim O'Shea and Tim Walsh contributed with four points apiece . Southington will look for their first win of the season when they travel to divisional Glastonbury ( 0-4 ) on Tuesday , Jan. 3 and host regional Windsor ( 4-1 ) on Thursday , Jan. 5 . The Knights are currently 0-3 overall .
Girls Basketball : After dropping their last two games at home , the Lady Knights broke their skid by achieving their third win of the season with a 53-45 victory at Cheshire ( 1-5 ) . Southington will look for more wins when they host divisional Glastonbury ( 5-0 ) on Tuesday , Jan. 3 and travel to regional Windsor ( 2-5 ) on Thursday , Jan. 5 . The Knights are currently 3-2 overall .
COLUMBUS , Ohio — Kevin Labanc had a goal and an assist , and Martin Jones stopped 28 shots to lift the San Jose Sharks to a 3-1 victory over the Columbus Blue Jackets on Friday night .
The Sharks ' first two goals came on power plays , with Labanc getting a wide-open look at the net with a 5-on-3 advantage in the second period . Logan Couture and Marc-Edouard Vlasic also scored for San Jose , which snapped a four-game losing streak .
Sergei Bobrovsky had 25 saves for the Blue Jackets , who have lost two in a row and five of their last seven . Boone Jenner had the lone goal as Columbus continues to struggle offensively .
Couture scored 5:07 into the game with the Blue Jackets ' Matt Calvert in the penalty box for tripping . Couture got their 22nd goal of the season when they snapped a shot from the high slot over the glove of Bobrovsky , who was shielded by 6-foot-5 defenceman Brent Burns .
Jenner tied the score 4:30 into the second period with their fifth goal of the season and first in 13 games . They rifled a shot from the top of the left circle over Jones ' shoulder and off the bar .
Columbus was victimized on another power play at 10:20 in the second when Labanc scored from 15 feet out while Seth Jones and Nick Foligno served penalties . Foligno , the Blue Jackets ' captain , was benched after that goal .
Vlasic got the insurance tally when they beat Bobrovsky with a backhand 6:51 into the final period .
NOTES : San Jose is 19-0-1 when leading after two periods . ... Couture left the game in the third period after getting hit in the face with the puck . ... Sharks F Tomas Hertl played in their 300th NHL game . ... Blue Jackets F Lukas Sedlak played in their 100th game . ... Columbus recalled F Markus Hannikainen from Cleveland ( AHL ) on Friday , but they were a scratch for the game , along with D Scott Harrington . ... Forwards Jannick Hansen and Marcus Sorensen , and D Tim Heed were scratched for the Sharks .
UP NEXT
San Jose : Plays at Carolina on Sunday .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Kilkenny says they are determined to learn from the mistakes of this season after being released by Cheltenham Town early in the second year of their scholarship .
The teenage defender had hoped to be on the fringes of Gary Johnson 's first team this term and push for a professional contract , starting in the pre-season friendly against Weston-super-Mare last summer .
But they allowed their standards to drop off the pitch and after only a month of the season they were told to leave .
`` In pre-season I felt I was doing well , in and out with the first team and starting the friendly at Weston , '' Kilkenny said .
`` I was playing also well for the Under-18s early in the season , but I then became overwhelmed with partying , which caused the gaffer to kick me out .
`` I thought I could get away with doing both , football and partying , but I regret that so much now .
`` I had a chance at success , but made some bad decisions . ''
The rest of the 2017/18 campaign has been a write-off for the former Chosen Hill school pupil , who started out in youth football with Churchdown Panthers before joining Cheltenham at Under-eight level .
Their clear aim now is to be fit and ready to go in pre-season , when they hope a club will give them an opportunity to prove their worth , whether that is in England or overseas .
`` I want to put what 's happened this season in the past , '' they said .
`` I am ready to achieve the highest possible level I can in football by putting in the work and being fit and ready to perform at the required standard .
`` Getting back into the game I love is my priority now and I want to start afresh . ''
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Miley Cyrus has left their fans fuming after they pulled out of their appearance at the Teen Choice Awards in Los Angeles at the last minute .
At the beginning of the awards , Disney favourite Victoria Justice came on the stage to reveal Miley `` could n't make it '' to the show .
The singer , who is engaged to Australian actor Liam Hemsworth , was due to accept the ceremony 's highest honour , the Ultimate Choice Award , last night .
But Miley was a no-show and blamed `` an unrealistic schedule '' for forcing them to cancel at the last minute .
( Image : Getty )
`` I am beyond bummed I could n't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate , ” Cyrus said on Instagram .
They continued : `` I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement ! I 've been tryin to keep the secret but I ca n't hide it any longer ! My new single / music video # YoungerNow will be dropping this Friday , Aug 18th and I am sooooooo EXCITED to share it with all of you ! ( sic ) ''
But fans were outraged by Miley 's absence and took to Twitter to slam the star .
Meanwhile , other A-list winners including Ed Sheeran and Beyonce also failed to turn up to collect their awards .
But one star who did put in an appearance was Chris Pratt who was seen in public for the first time since announcing their split from wife Anna Faris at the award ceremony .
The actor stepped back into the limelight as they attended the Teen Choice Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday .
The 38-year-old surprised fans when they showed up in-person to accept their surfboard for choice Sci-Fi movie actor .
They 're also presenting an award alongside their Guardians of the Galaxy co-star Zoë Saldana .
( Image : REUTERS )
Chris , dressed down in a leather jacket and jeans , was noticeably without their wedding ring when they accepted their award .
( Image : Getty )
They joked about having to lie when they first moved to Hollywood before thanking Jesus for getting them where they are today .
( Image : Getty )
On Saturday , the Jurassic World actor was very much the doting dad as they held their son Jack and took them on an outing to church .
Chris seemed to be in a good mood and smiled as they walked towards the building .
Their four-year-old son was dressed in a pair of brown cowboy boots , a hat and cute glasses while their dad wore a simple striped t-shirt with jeans .
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
Last week Chris and wife Anna shocked fans by announcing that they were divorcing after eight years of marriage .
Guardians of the Galaxy star Chris said : `` Anna and I are sad to announce we are legally separating .
`` We tried hard for a long time , and we 're really disappointed .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : FilmMagic )
`` Our son has two parents who love them very much and for their sake we want to keep this situation as private as possible moving forward .
`` We still have love for each other , will always cherish our time together and continue to have the deepest respect for one another . ''
The House Bunny star Anna added a similar statement on Twitter .
Chris and Anna married July 2009 , having met on the set of Take Me Home Tonight in 2007 .
( Image : 2014 Getty Images )
( Image : REX )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Anna spoke about their relationship with PEOPLE last month , saying : “ I do n't think that 's something , when you 're an actor , that you 're prepared for .
`` There are two different roles that you play — the one on-camera and the one in public . That 's the tricky part . ”
Their split comes a year after Chris announced they were taking a six month break from acting to focus on Anna and their son Jack .
They told Parade magazine : `` I 've been on the road for 14 months - I did three movies back to back - so I 'm taking six months off . ''
`` I 'm taking Jack to Jack 's Beach - which is what we named the little stretch of beach on an island up on the San Juan Islands where we got a place .
`` We 're going to go back to the fort we built about a month and a half ago when we went for a short visit and see if that 's still there .
`` If not , we 're going to build it again . ''
How Labels Can Affect People 's Personalities And Potential What is it that makes you ... you ? How much of a person 's personality and potential are based on the expectations of others ? NPR 's Shankar Vedantam explores new research that suggests the labels we use to categorize people affect not just who they are now , but who they 'll become in the future .
TAMPA , Fla. -- It happens with many memorials . They go up and then fade away . But , some are determined to make sure the mother and young daughter killed on Bayshore Boulevard will not be forgotten .
Driving down it , you 'll notice the large memorial for Jessica Raubenolt and their daughter Lillia .
Zhenya Nichols lives down the street and they want their memories to be planted forever .
“ We have to do something to honor the deaths of these people who died for nothing , ” they said .
Zhenya did not know the mother and daughter killed last week while crossing Bayshore . But , was touched by their story and even attended their memorial .
“ This man lost everything , ” they said , referring to the husband and father , David .
“ We still have something to lose , and I feel like we need to preserve it . ”
So , Zhenya came up with the idea to create a fitting memorial . Plant lilies , which was Lillia 's favorite type of flower .
“ Something beautiful . Something blossoming can sprout out of that . Something that will mean something to people and it will be a monument of life , ” they said .
“ Somebody came up even with the idea and it 's a wonderful idea…and easiest to be done is to paint a mural on the pavement . ”
The hope is that people will remember the two lost and remember to slow down when driving on Bayshore .
Zhenya says they 're working with the city and they hope to see something by the end of the summer .
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this . Download the 10 News app now .
Have a news tip ? Email tips @ wtsp.com , visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed .
© 2018 WTSP
Officials say the expected departures of six vessels this week will mark the start of the 2018 commercial shipping season in the Twin Ports of Duluth , Minnesota , and Superior , Wisconsin .
The Duluth Seaway Port Authority says departure times are hard to pinpoint , but the first two vessels plan to leave their winter berths on Tuesday .
They include a tug , as well as a freighter that will head for Two Harbors to load iron ore .
Four other ore boats are expected to leave Thursday and Friday .
Once loaded , the ore boats will proceed across Lake Superior toward Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan , to await the opening of the Soo Locks at 12:01 a.m. on Sunday .
Duluth-Superior could see its first arrivals a day or two later , depending on ice conditions .
Cities Ready To Resist Trump Calls For Deportations
Local leaders in at least 30 states are taking a defiant stance against threats by the incoming Trump administration to deport immigrants living illegally in local communities .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Facebook is making money out of paid-for hoax adverts which make sick claims about famous faces including Lord Sugar , Stephen Hawking and the Queen .
The misleading ads appear in the right column of newsfeed , where it is less clear to users how to block or report them .
When made aware of the hoax adverts , a Facebook spokesperson said the company works `` constantly to reduce any type of misinformation '' .
One of the ads spotted recently claims Apprentice star Lord Sugar was `` out of control '' and featured an apparently manipulated picture of the Amstrad founder with bruises on their face .
Facebook users who clicked the advert were taken to a page made to look like The Sun newspaper website , in which Lord Sugar is quoted as supporting a money-making scheme .
`` The claims made in these advertisements are baseless and entirely false , '' said Andrew Bloch , Lord Sugar 's spokesperson , adding that the business magnate is aware of the adverts and is working on `` legal remedies '' .
The advertised scheme promises earnings of 50,000 dollars to 200,000 dollars ( £39,950 to £159,900 ) per week and uses stock footage of a high-flying lifestyle and actors in its promotional material . It has been widely derided as a scam by internet users .
`` Lord Sugar does not condone , endorse or use these services and has been intentionally misrepresented in an attempt to deceive the public , '' the spokesperson added .
( Photo : Reuters )
The discovery of the adverts comes as the social network makes high-profile efforts to tackle misinformation on the platform .
Last week the network unveiled another new initiative in a `` multi-pronged strategy '' to tackle the issue - offering users advice for spotting hoaxes that appear in their newsfeeds .
Fred Stonehouse , a mature student at Portsmouth University , has seen the Lord Sugar advert appear on two separate occasions in the sponsored section of their Facebook newsfeed .
`` The reason I noticed it is because Facebook 's tips for spotting false news were at the top of my feed , '' they said .
`` I did n't actually click on it as it looked dodgy as hell . It 's clearly fake and you can tell by the web address that it 's not a normal site . ''
( Photo : BBC )
Facebook has also engaged with news publishers in the US , Germany and France to alert users to content called into question by independent fact-checkers .
The site has relied heavily on reporting from users , and allows them to flag up stories they believe to be false by clicking a button on the post .
However , this functionality is not mirrored on the `` sponsored '' section of the site , where users have to hover over the post to be given the opportunity to remove them .
The issue of `` fake news '' has dogged Facebook in recent years and the 2016 US election , which spurred a cottage industry of hoax websites and articles , brought the issue of online misinformation to the world 's attention .
( Photo : Getty )
At the time , a Facebook spokesperson reiterated the network 's promise to stop hoaxers promoting false information using the platform 's advertising network , which places adverts on external websites .
But anyone can pay Facebook through an automated system , select a target demographic from Facebook 's 1.9 billion users and promote any content they wish at a low cost .
Another hoax advertisement recently promoted in Facebook 's `` sponsored '' section claims `` The Queen Has Died '' .
The accompanying web address takes users to a page made to look like Facebook , and text which urges users to call a phone number or risk having their computer infected with a virus .
The phone number and page have been flagged as a scam in numerous online forums .
Robert Harvey shared a picture of the Queen hoax in a tweet calling the social network `` hypocrites '' .
`` Yesterday # Facebook were on the @ BBCNews talking about their efforts on fake news , '' they wrote .
`` Today I had this in my sponsored links . Hypocrites . ''
Thomas Barton , a retired associate professor of nursing from Swansea , said they have seen multiple versions of the celebrity death hoax advertisement , featuring Prof Stephen Hawking and the actor Hugh Laurie .
They said : `` Facebook is such a lot of fun and it 's such a nice social media tool .
`` But every time , there you are , you 've got all these pictures of famous people who have allegedly died who patently have n't .
`` I just think , surely , if they can manage to remove pictures of breast-feeding women , ca n't they get rid of these ? ''
They added : `` I guess the reason that they do n't get rid of them is that they are a money-making means for them , but that does n't make it right . ''
In response , Facebook said it has now removed the adverts and disabled the accounts of the uploaders .
As well as the `` fake news '' tips displayed to the site 's users , Facebook has launched The News Integrity Initiative , a 14 million dollar ( £11.2 million ) fund `` to advance news literacy , to increase trust in journalism around the world and to better inform the public conversation '' in a `` global consortium '' of organisations directed by the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism .
Professor Jeff Jarvis , Director of Tow-Knight Centre for Entrepreneurial Journalism at CUNY , said the spam adverts are `` just the beginning '' .
They said : `` The problem is that the spammers and the fraudsters are always a step ahead , and clearly this is a problem .
`` All the attention lately has been on the fake news that gets circulated for free , but there 's also the problem of that which is paid . ''
The number of advertisers still paying the network to promote misleading and deceptive pictures , links and stories has cast doubt among some Facebook users about the company 's efforts to tackle the full scale of the problem .
`` People want to see accurate , authentic information on Facebook , and we want that too , '' a Facebook spokesperson said .
`` Misinformation and hoaxes of any kind harm our community . We take immediate action when we discover advertisers attempting to serve misleading links to people .
`` In these cases , the advertisers maliciously circumvented our advertising review process . In subsequent reviews we identified the advertisers and disabled their ads and account .
`` We work constantly to reduce any type of misinformation on the platform and will continue to improve our systems . ''
Meghan Markle 's family are under the pump again , this time from a close associate of the royal family .
Meghan Markle 's family are under the pump again , this time from a close associate of the royal family .
AN old school friend of Prince Charles has reportedly labelled Meghan Markle 's family as `` common '' and their dad Thomas as a `` huge lump '' .
Nicky Haslam , who went to Eton with Prince Charles and socialised with Princess Diana , reportedly told the Daily Mail that the new Duchess of Sussex 's family is `` frightfully common '' .
When asked to describe the new royal in-laws , Haslam , who was born to one of Queen Victoria 's goddaughters , reportedly said , `` They 're frightfully common . ''
And the newspaper said Haslam also told of their apparent relief that Meghan 's dad did not attend the wedding at Windsor Castle on May 19 .
Thomas Markle , 73 , was forced to miss walking their daughter down the aisle after suffering a heart attack days after being caught posing for staged paparazzi snaps .
According to the Daily Mail , Haslam added : `` It would have been awful if that huge lump [ Meghan 's dad ] had been there .
Meghan 's sister , Samantha Markle . Picture : Supplied
Thomas Markle Jr has had their run-ins with police . Picture : Supplied
`` The royals probably do n't quite know how to deal with them . ''
But Haslem did n't leave their vitriol just for Meghan 's beleaguered family ; they also reportedly had a crack at their wedding dress .
Haslam told the newspaper they `` did n't very much like '' their $ 360,000 Givenchy bridal gown by British designer Clare Waight Keller .
Meghan 's mum Doria Ragland escaped the ire of Prince Charles ' friend . Picture : Getty Images
Reportedly saying `` it did n't fit '' , they added : `` It should have been made of thinner stuff , it seemed to be made of concrete '' .
But cabaret singer and former designer Haslam did reportedly reserve praise for one member of Meghan 's family - mum Doria Ragland .
They said : `` One person who was n't common was their mother '' .
These days Haslam makes a living as a cabaret singer .
Clarence House declined to comment on their remarks .
- with The Sun
A local veteran and a Southington Cub Scout pay tribute to Southington soldiers that died serving the country during Memorial Day ceremonies at the monument on the town green . On Monday , residents honored soldiers in services at local cemeteries and after a parade in the center of town .
Photos by JANELLE MORELLI
Kiev/Moscow : A dissident Russian journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a briefing about their own killing by the Ukrainian state security service .
Ukrainian authorities had said on Tuesday that Babchenko , a 41-year-old critic of President Vladimir Putin and of Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria , had been shot dead at their flat and that their wife had found them in a pool of blood .
Their reported murder had triggered a war of words between Ukraine and Russia and sent shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries .
But on Wednesday , an emotional Babchenko appeared before reporters saying they had been part of a special Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on their life and said they were fine .
`` I would like to apologise for what you have all had to go through , '' Babchenko , who looked on the verge of tears at times , told reporters .
`` I ` m sorry , but there was no other way of doing it . Separately , I want to apologise to my wife for the Hell that they have been through . ''
They went on to thank the Ukrainian Security Service , the SBU , for saving their lives and said the most important thing was that what they called other big acts of terror had been thwarted . They did not specify what those planned acts were .
The SBU said it had received information about the plot and had managed to prevent it .
Babchenko , a Putin critic , lived in the Ukrainian capital after receiving threats at home for saying they did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash .
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said in a social media posting late on Tuesday they were convinced what they called `` the Russian totalitarian machine '' had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called their honesty .
The Kremlin described such allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign .
`` This is the height of cynicism against the backdrop of such a brutal murder . It is anti-Russian bluster instead of talking about the need to conduct a thorough , objective investigation , '' Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters before it was revealed that Babchenko was alive and well .
Babchenko sparked a backlash in Russia for their comments in a 2016 Facebook post on a Russian military plane crash . They said their comments had resulted in thousands of threats , their home address being published online and calls for them to be deported .
The plane , carrying 92 people , including dozens of Red Army Choir singers , dancers and orchestra members , crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria in December 2016 , killing everyone on board .
The defending conference champion Buckeyes are looking for a successor to J.T . Barrett . The candidates are redshirted sophomore Dwayne Haskins Jr. , senior Joe Burrow and redshirt first-year student Tate Martell . Haskins replaced an injured Barrett to key the win over Michigan last season . Burrow was Barrett 's backup in 2016 but broke their hand in preseason and was displaced by Haskins . Martell was a five-star recruit coming out of high school . Coach Urban Meyer has said he 'll try to give each QB a post-spring assessment . Burrow is on track to graduate this spring and could play immediately at another school , with two years of eligibility , if they choose to leave .
OTHER QB QUESTIONS
Michigan is awaiting the NCAA ruling on transfer Shea Patterson . They left Mississippi in the wake of an NCAA investigation that landed the Rebels on probation and has appealed for immediate eligibility . If they ca n't play this fall , coach Jim Harbaugh will choose among Brandon Peters , who played in six games last year , Dylan McCaffrey and Joe Milton . ... The biggest question at Northwestern is how much time Clayton Thorson will miss . They tore their anterior cruciate ligament in the Music City Bowl . They did some throwing this spring , but TJ Green , Aidan Smith and Andrew Marty took the practice snaps . ...
Redshirt first-year student Tanner Morgan has the inside track at Minnesota after throwing for 272 yards and two touchdowns in a spring game that had QBs taking hits . ... Rutgers brings back seven-game starter Gio Rescigno , but first-year student Artur Sitkowski threw for 280 yards in the spring game and could challenge . ... Tyrrell Pigrome and Kasim Hill are both coming off torn ACLs . One of them is expected to be the starter in first-year co-ordinator Matt Canada 's pro-style offence . ... Purdue 's David Blough ( dislocated ankle ) and Elijah Sindelar ( ACL tear ) continue to rehab , leaving redshirt first-year student Nick Sipe and true first-year student Jack Plummer to take most of the practice snaps .
FINALLY , MILES ' TURN
Penn State 's Miles Sanders was rated the No . 1 running back in the country coming out of high school . Until now , the junior has been overshadowed by Saquon Barkley . Limited to 56 carries for 375 yards through two seasons , Sanders takes over as featured back .
`` I ca n't imagine that there is a better player for Miles to come up under than Saquon Barkley , '' coach James Franklin said . `` Maybe they could have gone to some other schools and played as a true first-year student , but I do n't know if their development had been to the point where it is now . ''
SPARTAN 'D ' RATES AN ' A '
Michigan State , which was second nationally in rushing defence and seventh in total defence , appears set to have another strong unit . The Spartans brought back 19 of 22 starters . Coach Mark Dantonio praised the spring performances of defensive linemen Mike Panasiuk , Raequan Williams and Kenny Willekes . Dantonio called Willekes , who had a team-leading seven sacks , a `` force . ''
`` Hopefully they are going to get pressure and that 's going to be a staple for our football team , '' they said .
POSITION CHANGE FOR DEITER ?
West Division champion Wisconsin , as usual , has an embarrassment of riches on the offensive line . That could allow Michael Deiter , who missed the spring with a leg injury , to go back to their preferred guard spot after playing left tackle in 2017 . Deiter projects as an interior lineman in the NFL . Patrick Kasl or Cole Van Lanen would be in line to take over at left tackle .
___
AP Sports Writers Dave Campbell , Tom Canavan , David Ginsburg , Larry Lage , Mike Marot , Andrew Seligman and Mitch Stacy contributed .
___
More AP college football at www.collegefootball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25 .
By Eric Olson , The Associated Press
The Pentagon is about to be audited , will this trigger another 9/11 . UN rejects the US decision to indicate Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . The Arab states are looking to sanction the US by moving from the petro dollar to the petro yuan . The plan for the recognition of Jerusalem is not what everyone thinks , not the Israelis or the cabal . The Arab nations now have a cause to work together on . The IS is defeated in Iraq and Syria . Homeland Security is conducting a bio-terror drill , false flag ?
X22 Report
Dave 's Bio : I am 49 years old and I have children . I lived in NY and I was there for 911 and the North East blackout . I lost my job in 2008 and was laid off . Since 2008 I have been prepping . My wife , kids and I try to eat organic and we try to avoid all chemicals in foods . We make our own bread , food and pizza from scratch . I have a technology background and have worked for large financial institutions . My main job was securing the systems from viruses and hackers and maintaining the trading systems so the money flowed from system to system . I have tried talking to friends and relatives about what was going on but every time I talked about the government , FED and the economic collapse they looked at me like I was crazy . I decided to start a website and broadcast to the world what was going on . I did n't really think that anyone would really listen to what I was saying when I started it was just a way to get the word out and get it off my chest .
I realized as the cost of everything continually increases it is getting harder and harder to live the life of my parents and grandparents . I realized if we all do n't do something our children will not have the opportunities and freedoms the way the founding fathers envisioned .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A parked car in Soham became wedged in a wall after it was hit by a driver allegedly speeding .
The Ford Mondeo estate was parked on Fordham Road on Wednesday , December 6 , when another vehicle ploughed into the back of it , sending the car crashing through the opposite wall .
Police were called to the scene of the write-off , which an eyewitness said belonged to a neighbour and was hit by a speeding car .
They also claimed the driver who wrote-off the blue Ford was not insured .
A Cambridgeshire police spokesperson said : `` We were called at about 9.50pm to reports of a three vehicle collision in Fordham Road , Soham last Wednesday ( December 6 ) .
`` The vehicles involved were a silver Honda Accord , a blue Ford Mondeo and a grey Vauxhall Corsa .
`` Minor injuries were reported . ''
The car remained in the wall for several days , until at least Friday , December 8 .
If you know anything about this incident contact police on 101 .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app .
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
TORONTO ( AP ) - Judge in Toronto orders 25-year-old suspected van driver held on 10 counts of 1st degree murder , 13 of attempted murder .
Carr feared recovery 'was never going to happen '
Derek Carr said of their recovery from a broken leg : `` It felt like it was never going to happen . ''
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017 , 19:26 IST
Derek Carr
Oakland Raiders quarterback Derek Carr feared they may never be able to fully recover from the broken leg they suffered that derailed their 2016 season .
Carr sustained the injury in the penultimate game of the regular season on Christmas Eve - a 33-25 win over the Indianapolis Colts - keeping them out of their playoff campaign .
Without Carr under center the Raiders slumped to a 27-14 defeat to the Houston Texans in the Wild Card round .
But they are now back on the field preparing for the new campaign and told reporters : `` The hardest part was taking the first rep , because the last rep you remember was like , 'Oh snap , I broke this thing ' .
`` But as soon as the ball was snapped , it was a blessing . It kind of all went away .
`` Now , I 'm just playing ball again , but leading up to it , I think that was the worst part … the lead-up , all the rehab . It was like , 'Man , when am I ever going to be able to do this again . ' It felt like it was never going to happen . ''
Having won 12 of the 15 games they played in last season , Carr and the Raiders should be optimistic of another impressive campaign , particularly with more weapons at their disposal with wideout Cordarrelle Patterson and tight end Jared Cook in the fold and Marshawn Lynch potentially eating up yards in the backfield .
Cara Pressman sobbed in the big red chair in their living room . The 15-year-old tried to absorb the devastating news relayed by their parents : that their insurance company , Aetna , denied them for a minimally invasive brain surgery that could end the seizures that have haunted them since they were 9 years old .
“ When my parents told me , I went kind of blank and started crying , ” they said . “ I cried for like an hour . ”
Them friends had been lined up to visit them in the hospital for the surgery three days away , on Monday , October 23 . Between tears , they texted them that the whole thing was off .
This 15-year-old wept as their parents told them their insurance company denied them for minimally invasive brain surgery that could end their seizures https : //t.co/v7D5jFlob4 pic.twitter.com/J5OsF5X0qQ — CNN ( @ CNN ) December 11 , 2017
It was supposed to be a joyous weekend . Cara 's grandparents had come to town to celebrate their 90th birthdays , a jubilant party with more than 100 family and friends crowding them home . The party did go on — just with a lot more stress .
Cara had multiple complex partial seizures that weekend . When the seizures strike , their body gets cold and shakes , and they zone out for anywhere from 20 seconds to two minutes , typically still aware of their surroundings . Them seizures can be triggered by stress , by being happy , by exerting themselves — almost anything . “ It 's like having a nightmare but while you 're awake , ” they said .
In the six weeks since the denial , Cara has had more than two dozen seizures affecting their everyday life . Them message to Aetna is blunt : “ Considering they 're denying me getting surgery and stopping this thing that 's wrong with my brain , I would probably just say , ‘ Screw you . ' ”
Aetna : We 're looking out for what 's best for patients
The Pressman family and , separately , Jennifer Rittereiser , a 44-year-old mom who has struggled with seizures since they were 10 , approached CNN in recent weeks after they were both denied , by Aetna , for laser ablation surgery , a minimally invasive procedure in which a thin laser is used to heat and destroy lesions in the brain where the seizures are originating . Aetna is the third-largest health insurance provider in the country , providing medical coverage to 23.1 million people .
Neurologists consider laser ablation , which is performed through a small hole in the skull , to be safer and more precise than traditional brain surgery , where the top portion of the skull is removed in order for doctors to operate . The procedure is less daunting for the patient and parents who make decisions for their children : No one likes the idea of a skull opened and a chunk of brain removed .
In denying Cara their surgery , Aetna said it considers laser ablation surgery “ experimental and investigational for the treatment of epilepsy because the effectiveness of this approach has not been established . ”
“ Clinical studies have not proven that these procedures effective for treatment of the member 's condition , ” Aetna wrote in its rejection letter .
The insurance company did approve them for the more invasive and more expensive open brain surgery , called a temporal lobectomy , even though their medical team never sought approval for the procedure .
The laser surgery is approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is widely recognized within the epilepsy community as an effective treatment alternative to open brain surgery , especially when the location of seizure activity can be pinpointed to a specific part of the brain .
Dr. Jamie Van Gompel , a neurosurgeon at the Mayo Clinic , disputes Aetna 's assessment . They are not involved in Cara 's care nor Rittereiser 's treatment , but they said Aetna 's assessment is wrong .
“ I would not call it experimental at all , ” said Van Gompel , who is leading a clinical trial on the surgery at Mayo as part of a larger national study . “ It 's definitely not an experimental procedure . There 've been thousands of patients treated with it . It 's FDA-approved . There 's a lot of data out there to suggest it 's effective for epilepsy . ”
Van Gompel said a temporal lobectomy carries a much higher risk of serious complications , including the possibility of death . “ It 's a big jump to go to a big invasive procedure , ” they said .
Recovery time after open brain surgery can range from six to 12 weeks . By contrast , a patient who undergoes laser ablation can be back to work or at school in less than two weeks . The pain from laser surgery is much less , and extreme headaches are fewer than with open brain surgery , Van Gompel said .
While laser ablation has not yet undergone large randomized controlled trials , Van Gompel said existing data shows it 's effective more than 50 % of the time . They hope the current clinical trial will show a success rate of 60 % to 70 % or better in epilepsy patients . Temporal lobectomies , they said , have a slightly better rate , of more than 70 % .
Pressed by CNN for a better explanation on its denial , Aetna stood by its rejection for Cara and Rittereiser , saying it was in the best interest of the patients . But the language was softened slightly .
“ Clinical effectiveness and our members ' safety are the primary criteria we use in determining whether a treatment or service is medically necessary , ” Aetna said . “ There is currently a limited amount of evidence-based , clinical studies related to laser ablation surgery . As noted by the Epilepsy Foundation , only studies with a very small number of participants have been used to report the effectiveness of this procedure . We consistently evaluate any new studies or additional evidence when developing our clinical policy bulletins , and will continue to do so for this procedure . ”
Contacted for reaction , the Epilepsy Foundation strongly objected to Aetna 's remarks , saying the insurance company took its information out of context . Laser ablation surgery “ has emerged as a new minimally invasive surgical option that is best suited for patients with symptomatic localization-related epilepsy , ” said Dr. Jacqueline French , the chief science officer with the Epilepsy Foundation .
“ This technology is much less invasive than the alternative , which involves removing a sizeable piece of brain , at a substantially higher monetary and personal cost , ” French said . “ This path should be available , if the treating epilepsy physician has recommended it , without delay or barriers . ”
Phil Gattone , the president and CEO of the Epilepsy Foundation , said insurance denials and other barriers to treatment have become a common battle for thousands of Americans with seizure disorders .
Gattone knows first-hand the pain of what Cara 's parents are going through . Their own son began having seizures when they were 4 and underwent brain surgery in the early 1990s . “ It was extremely challenging for our family to make a decision to remove part of our child 's skull and brain for a surgery that we hoped would end the devastation of seizures that were stopping their development , ” Gattone said . “ We took this leap of faith and made the decision , and it worked out the best for him . ”
But they added that they and their wife wished laser ablation surgery had been available back then . The device used for laser ablation surgery was approved by the FDA nine years ago . “ I know that my wife and I would 've found much more comfort if we had had ( laser ablation ) as an option , ” they said .
Gattone said people with seizures , their caregivers and their doctors should not be “ spending critical time in the midst of a health-care crisis , filing paperwork , making appeals or otherwise going through the motions of administrative paperwork ” trying to get approval for a life-changing operation .
“ The Epilepsy Foundation can understand no reason why an insurance company would place any barrier to delay a treatment that may save an individual 's life , promote the development of the young child 's brain or bring about seizure control , ” Gattone said .
Mom who crashed with kid in car gets denied
Jennifer Rittereiser lost consciousness behind the wheel of their silver SUV while driving with their 7-year-old son , Robert , in April . Them SUV rammed into a car in front of them and struck it again before veering into oncoming traffic . Them vehicle careened down an embankment , flipped over and came to rest on its side amid a tangle of brush . They narrowly missed slamming into a guardrail and several trees .
Mom and son somehow managed to walk free unharmed .
“ People were amazed , ” they said . “ They had a helicopter on the way , actually . I am extremely fortunate just from that sense . ”
Rittereiser has battled seizures since they were 10 and has been able to function with an array of medications in the three decades since . For much of their life , they could tell when the seizures might come .
These were n't like the seizures depicted in Hollywood movies ; they would n't fall to the ground and writhe . They would zone out for a spell . They could understand people and could still function but could n't speak back — or if they did , their words were garbled .
As an executive in the health care industry , Rittereiser has fallen asleep during meetings . When they sense a seizure coming , they rush to the bathroom to hide until they go away . One time , they say they urinated on themselves at their desk without realizing it .
Rittereiser had a crash in 2014 in which they rear-ended a car after they had a seizure . No one was hurt in that crash , but they stopped driving for more than a year . Them medications were tweaked , and their seizures were largely kept in check , until the crash this April .
They were soon evaluated by an array of doctors and recommended for laser ablation surgery . After 34 years of struggling with seizures , they thought their ordeal might finally come to an end . Surgery was set for June 16 .
But in late May , Aetna denied the surgery . They fought Aetna 's decision through a lengthy appeals process . Aetna refused to budge .
“ It 's just not right , ” Rittereiser said .
They said they recently went to Aetna 's website to look up the company 's values . They felt nauseated . “ Everything in their core values is not being shown in the way I 'm being treated . They 're talking about promoting wellness and health and ‘ being by your side . ' ”
They paused , contemplating the company 's “ by your side ” catchphrase , saying it 's “ the most ridiculous thing , because they are the biggest barrier to my success and my well-being going forward .
“ It drives me crazy . ”
Dad : ‘ You get so angry '
Julie Pressman stood near an elevator at their doctor 's office when word came that Cara 's surgery had been denied . The mom fell to the floor and wept .
They called Cara 's father , Robert . They were at the airport picking up their 90-year-old parents for their birthday party . Mom and Dad rallied for their daughter and gathered strength to break the news . That 's when Cara sat in the red chair , crying inconsolably .
“ Telling Cara was horrible , ” their mom said . “ Horrible . ”
“ It 's just so frustrating for us to know there 's a solution out there — a way to fix our daughter — and some bureaucratic machine is preventing this from happening , ” Robert Pressman said . “ You get so angry , but you do n't know who to take it out on , because there 's no particular person that 's doing it . It 's this big bureaucracy that 's preventing this from happening . ”
Julie and Robert said the most beautiful day of their lives came on August 20 , 2002 , when Cara popped into the world and met their 2-year-old sister , Lindsey , for the first time . “ That was the day we became a family , ” Julie said . “ Our love for those girls is amazing . How we got this lucky is beyond us . ”
But that luck has been tested . When Cara was 9 , she 'd complained of extreme headaches for much of the day one evening , and then in the middle of the night , they began seizing uncontrollably . The family had two black Labradors that had gone to their room and barked like crazy to alert their parents . Cara had bitten their tongue , and blood was running down their face when they got to the room .
It was a terrifying scene . They were rushed off in an ambulance and underwent a battery of tests . Mom , Dad and Cara never thought they 'd still be battling seizures six years later — let alone an insurance company . She 's had seizures on the soccer field , during softball games , on stage during plays , in the classroom . Almost everywhere .
How do they envision a life without seizures ?
“ I do n't know , ” they said . “ I 've never had a life without seizures . ”
“ You will . You will , ” their dad told them
“ I just do n't know when , ” they responded .
Mom : “ It will happen , kiddo . ”
Them mother calls Cara a feisty , petite powerhouse with big marble eyes and long eyelashes and a funny wit to match . She 's a naturally gifted athlete , singer and dancer , but their parents feel that their seizures have kept them from reaching their full potential .
They long for the day when the seizures are gone . The parents said they have paid $ 24,000 for insurance with Aetna this year . They 're determined to get Cara laser ablation surgery with or without the insurance company 's help . They will appeal Aetna 's latest rejection — but they 're not optimistic .
In preparation , they 've begun exploring raiding their retirement funds to pay the $ 300,000 out of pocket . “ Cara is worth every penny , but man , ” their mom said . ” ‘ Screw Aetna , ' indeed , to quote my kid . ”
TORONTO — WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries .
At issue is an airline policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags , unless the extra luggage is `` a golf bag containing golf clubs . ''
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after their 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral .
Walker says the policy is `` absurd '' and shows preferential treatment to tourists , as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin .
Flynn 's Departure Signals Upheaval Inside National Security Council
The resignation of White House national security adviser Michael Flynn could have implications for the National Security Council . Flynn resigned Monday night after reports they misled the vice president-elect about their conversations with the Russian ambassador .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola has resigned as Birmingham City manager following today 's loss to Burton Albion .
The 2-0 home reverse sees the Blues fall to 20th place in the Championship , just three points clear of the drop zone .
The Italian lost 14 of their 23 games , winning just twice , since they replaced Gary Rowett in December .
Birmingham were in seventh place when they took over and just four months later are fighting for their Championship lives with just three games remaining , including a second city derby against Aston Villa on Sunday .
They have now chosen to fall on their sword after another dour afternoon at St Andrew 's which saw the home fans call for their head .
( Photo : Harry Trump )
They now have their wish .
Zola was given a vote of confidence by the Birmingham hierarchy just a week ago following their 2-1 defeat against Derby , now coached by their Blues predecessor Rowett .
A statement read : `` Birmingham City would like to clarify the situation in regard to Gianfranco Zola after recent articles in the media over the weekend : the club has not lined up any manager to replace Gianfranco , who has the continual full support of the Blues Board of Directors .
`` Whilst we understand the frustrations caused by the run of results , the way the supporters got behind Gianfranco and the team on Saturday at St. Andrew 's was typical of Blues fans ' passion , care for the club and desire for success , which is what we all share and much appreciate .
`` The board and all departments at the club are keeping united and standing alongside Gianfranco , their staff and the players , to try and play the kind of football every Blues supporter deserves to watch . ''
( Photo : Birmingham Mail )
But Zola has opted to take the decision out of their hands .
After a 1-1 draw at rock-bottom Rotherham on Good Friday , the Chelsea legend insisted they would not leave their role before the end of the campaign .
`` Why should I leave before the end of the season ? ” they said . “ I do n't leave things undone . I can handle the situation so why should I leave ?
“ We have four games to play . We need those points to be safe , then we will focus on next season . Then I will say things that have to be said .
“ At the end of the season I will say a few things and we will assess the situation . I will be the first one to take the responsibility for things . ''
New information was revealed Monday morning in the investigation into singer Prince 's death .
The day Prince died , authorities recovered hundreds of pills from their Paisley Park estate .
The search warrant executed April 21 , 2016 , was available for public viewing for the first time Monday .
That day , hundreds of painkiller pills were recovered from various locations inside the sprawling home of the late singer .
But none of these pills were prescribed to Prince .
Instead , most of them were in the name of Kirk Johnson , a close friend and bodyguard .
According to the documents , a doctor prescribed these pills , including oxycodone , for Prince using Johnson 's name to protect Prince 's privacy .
Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg worked at a Minnetonka clinic not far from Paisley Park .
A suitcase was discovered next to Prince 's bed the day they died , including one bottle labeled `` vitamin D , '' but had controlled substance narcotics inside .
Those pills , according to the documents , were not prescribed by Dr. Schulenberg .
Prince died from an overdose of fentanyl , a powerful synthetic drug .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This is the touching photo of a devastated mum with their son who was stabbed to death in Wolverhampton last night - just yards from their grandfather 's home .
Keelan Wilson , 15 , was knifed multiple times in the Merry Mill suburb of the city and was rushed to hospital but could not be saved .
West Midlands Police were called to a disturbance in the area at roughly 11pm yesterday and emergency responders found car-mad Keelan critically injured .
Mum Kelly this afternoon changed their profile picture on Facebook to one of them and Keelan .
Speaking outside the family home , George Ellitts also described their grandson as an `` angel '' and said the family were due to fly on holiday to Egypt next week .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
They added : `` He 's lived with me all my life .
`` He raised a few hundred pounds for Great Ormond Street Hospital a few years back , they had their hair cut , they had the lot off . ''
According to the Justgiving page at the time Keelan raised a total of £243 which was donated by 22 people when they were aged just 10 .
Another neighbour , who did n't want to be named , added : `` We heard about it when we saw the paramedics last night .
`` We speak to our neighbours when we see them but we keep ourselves to ourselves .
`` My daughter would recognise Keelan - they went to the same school , Smestow School in Wolverhampton .
`` It 's a shock that this happened here . We have never had anything like this happen before . ''
Resident Christina McIntosh-Smith , 20 , said : `` We heard about it this morning . We saw the tents set up . We did n't personally know him .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
`` It 's definitely a shock - they were so young . Nothing like this has happened this close before .
`` There will be a sad atmosphere in the street . It would be sad no matter who it was . ''
Part of a nearby road has been cordoned off while investigations are carried out and door to door enquiries are taking place .
Officers are also reviewing CCTV from the scene .
Lily Thompson , 81 , who has lived in the road for 39 years , said : `` I heard about it this morning .
`` It was Keelan Wilson . I have known them for nearly 16 years . They are n't a bad lad . They are n't rude to you . They always spoke to me well , I never had any cheek off him .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
`` He would always come out and put their hand round you and say 'hello Mrs T ' . I always found them a nice lad .
`` I was quite shocked when I heard it was him , especially when you have grandkids of your own the same age .
`` We have had a bit of trouble round here before - somebody sells drugs . There have been cars broken into , windows broken but it 's only lately we have had this trouble .
`` I never knew Keelan to be involved in that . ''
A blue covering has been pulled over a car , believed to be a taxi , parked on the pavement of the street .
The driver of the taxi described being attacked by a group of youths after they stopped to pick up a fare .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
The man , who did not want to be named , said : `` I saw these two guys trying to jump start a car . They had a car outside but it would not start .
`` I told them if they wanted to come , then come if not I will go . And suddenly they try to come in the car .
`` There was another group of about four to five of them . They had a knife and they attacked me as well . I think the two groups were fighting .
`` I injured my hand , I went hospital but did not need stitches . I was cut with a knife . My car was damaged , with what I think was a metal bar .
`` I did n't see exactly what happened as I just tried to drive off quickly . ''
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
A man told BirminghamLive they looked out their bedroom window after hearing noises at 11pm and saw a teenager lying in the road , covered in blood .
The man , who does not wish to be named said they rushed out into the street to save him .
Keelan had suffered stab wounds 'all over their body ' .
The resident said : “ When I got to them they are n't talking or nothing , just mumbling in pain on the floor .
“ We were on the phone to the ambulance saying ‘ hurry up , quick as you can , there 's blood everywhere ' .
“ It was around 5-10 minutes later , there was four of us outside by then when the ambulance turned up . ''
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
Detective Chief Inspector Chris Mallett , from West Midlands Police Force CID , said : `` A young boy has tragically been killed and we are determined to find out why this has happened .
`` We are talking about the terrible loss of a 15-year-old boy , someone who had their life to live , and we will be working round the clock to find who was responsible .
`` We are following a number of active lines of enquiry and would urge anyone with information which could assist our enquiries to call us as soon as possible . ''
Next of kin have been informed , the force said .
A shocked local said : `` We heard it about 11pm . To us it sounded like someone breaking into our car .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` Banging and smashing , so we looked out the window to see what was going on .
`` My wife called police straight away .
`` Around 5-10 minutes later the emergency services turned up .
`` They got the victim into an ambulance and I do n't know what happened after that . ''
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
A spokesperson for the West Midlands Ambulance Service told BirminghamLive : `` Crews arrived to find a 15-year-old boy with serious injuries .
`` The team of ambulance staff worked quickly to begin administering advanced life support to them at the scene and this continued as they were transferred to New Cross Hospital .
`` Sadly , shortly after arrival at hospital it became apparent nothing could be done to save them and they were confirmed deceased . ''
No one is thought to have been arrested at this stage .
The danger of flooding appears to have passed for the Rideau Lakes and River but there 's still some chance of flooding in the Ottawa River late this week and next week .
Rain in the forecast for the next few days is n't likely to raise the Rideau system , said Patrick Larson of the Rideau Valley Conservation Authority . Even the rainfall of 15 to 20 centimetres over the weekend “ did n't really have much impact ” against the overall trend of falling river and lake levels , they said .
“ Certainly the levels are still fairly high but they are within the banks at this point . ”
But the Ottawa River reaches its peak later , a result of meltwater that has a long trip down from central Quebec .
It 's possible there could be minor flooding in low areas , particularly Britannia , by next week , Larson said .
“ There may be some water in the streets but not dramatically so , ” they said .
tspears @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
An entire seaside town has been praised for the way it welcomed more than a hundred survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire disaster , who were brought on a day trip to give them a break .
Weston-super-Mare rolled out the red carpet for around 120 people – mainly families with children – on a day out organised by volunteers from Bristol .
The families were given the run of the Grand Pier with day passes for all the rides , got to go on the donkey-pulled carriages , visited the sand sculptures on the beach , which opened longer especially for the children to try their hand at making their own , and other attractions welcomed them with free rides and entry .
The way the town rallied round to help out the families – who are almost all still staying in hotels since the fire which killed more than 80 of their friends , family and neighbours in west London – left organisers from Bristol overwhelmed .
“ We had people in Weston coming down and donating beach equipment for them on the morning . They had heard they were coming and just wanted to let the kids build sandcastles and play on the beach , ” said Desmond Brown , one of the organisers .
“ We had people doing fundraising to feed them , we had an amazing response from all the attractions in Weston – who all opened their doors and welcomed them so brilliantly .
“ The council put out a climbing frame for them and other stuff , which was lovely . Funland gave us one free ride , they had the run of the pier all day , the sun shone a bit and it did n't rain , it was great , ” they added .
Last week , the Bristol Post revealed how the Support for Grenfell volunteers in Bristol had organised the day , with a local businessman paying for three coaches to bring the families down the M4 from London .
Worried about press intrusion from the national media , the Post agreed to report they were coming to the Bristol area . Weston was their destination , and the families loved the day , added Mr Brown .
“ Some of the kids there had never seen the sea before . The tide was out , but they loved the beach , ” they added .
“ We kept the visit low-key and those in Weston helped out at really short notice . It was great .
“ Some of the children , and the adults too , are obviously still really traumatised , and you could tell when you first saw them . But by the end of the day they 'd had a great time , and it was just brilliant to see them just be kids , play and have fun , and get a break from what their lives are like right now , still , ” they added .
If the Thunder do n't rally from a 3-1 deficit to beat the Jazz , what will the Russell Westbrook excuses be this year ?
When The Thunder melted down against the Warriors in the 2016 playoffs , Kevin Durant got most of the blame , even though Westbrook was equally bad , and he 's the point guard , with the ball in their hands more than anyone .
Then Durant left for Golden State , and they were deemed mentally weak , and soft . Twitter , which loves Westbrook because they jump and dunks and snarls , defended the point guard as if they were a girlfriend who got dumped and you felt really badly for . ( Durant went on to win a title and capture MVP of the Finals . )
In 2017 , Westbrook averaged a triple double for the entire season , and then they did so against the Rockets in the playoffs . Except the Thunder were smoked by the Rockets and Westbrook shot terribly ( 38 percent from the field , 26 percent on 3-pointers ) . They needed help , Westbrook 's twitter defenders shouted .
So OKC GM Sam Presti got Westbrook help in what appeared to be a heist – Paul George ! Carmelo Anthony ! – and now , finally , Westbrook was ready to make a deep playoff run .
Yet the Thunder are down 3-1 to the Jazz , and Westbrook should shoulder most of the blame . He 's once again shooting terribly ( 36 percent ; 21 percent on 3-pointers ) , and he 's actually being outplayed by Ricky Rubio , who is in the playoffs for the first time in their career . When Westbrook is being defended by Rubio , he 's shooting just 11-of-35 and missed all five of their 3-pointers .
Who will the legion of Westbrook defenders blame now ? Carmelo Anthony is a shell of their former self ( 23 percent shooting on 3-pointers ) . This is true . OKC misses Andre Roberson badly ; they were 4-0 against the Jazz this season with him . Billy Donovan is getting outclassed by Quinn Snyder . ( You ca n't blame Paul George , even though some will surely try . )
Let 's say the Thunder do n't come back to win this series . Will everyone finally admit they were wrong about Russell Westbrook , and he 's not a leader , they do n't elevate their teammates , and there 's a realistic chance that if a minor miracle does n't happen , Westbrook may never win another playoff series again ?
Paul George will certainly be gone if they lose this series ( few thought he 'd actually stay , regardless ) and Billy Donovan will probably get fired . Will any of it matter ?
Russell Westbrook is set to make $ 35.3 million next year , when they turn 30 . He 's the problem . He 's why Kevin Durant left . They held back Victor Oladipo . And now , he 's gon na chase away Paul George .
Stop blaming everyone else , and start blaming Russell Westbrook .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Steve Cotterill told angry Birmingham fans : “ I 'll acknowledge you every day of the f * * week ” after being accused of snubbing them .
Brum boss Cotterill is facing rising anger at Blues being in the drop zone despite bringing in 14 new players last summer .
Their shocking form saw Harry Redknapp given the boot with Cotterill brought in as their successor .
Yet the 22nd-placed team have won just twice since and not scored in seven of Cotterill 's 10 games .
Anger and frustration boiled over after a 1-0 loss at Fulham , where Jeremie Boga missed a penalty .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
Fans hung around afterwards to demand answers from players and staff boarding the away team bus .
Cotterill was also accused of not acknowledging City 's 4,000 away fans after the final whistle .
But they insisted to a group by the bus : “ Do n't tell me that - I 'll acknowledge you every day of the f * * week . ”
Cotterill then even took a seven-man group aside to speak at length on the opposite side of the street from the bus .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
MirrorSport understands Birmingham 's hierarchy are reluctant to make another change after sacking three bosses in the last year .
They have lurched from crisis to crisis since replacing Gary Rowett with Gianfranco Zola a year ago before bringing in Redknapp for the final three games of last term .
After the Fulham defeat fans also demanded answers from Harlee Dean , Jonathan Grounds , Michael Morrison , Sam Gallagher , Maikel Kieftenbeld , Lukas Jutkiewicz and assistant Lee Carsley .
CLOSE Tennessee held a press conference to announce the `` start of a new era '' with the naming of Phil Fulmer as the new acting athletics director . PROVIDED/UT Athletics
Buy Photo Head coach Jeremy Pruitt speaks at their introduction ceremony at the Neyland Stadium Peyton Manning Locker Room in Knoxville , Tenn. on Thursday , December 7 , 2017 . ( Photo : Caitie McMekin/News Sentinel ) Buy Photo
First , it goes without saying that all wish Phil Fulmer every success as the new athletic director of UT and hope Jeremy Pruitt is a great coach for UT football .
The news conference Dec. 1 to announce Fulmer 's appointment as AD was in sharp contrast to the one held eight months ago when Chancellor Beverly Davenport announced John Currie 's hiring as vice chancellor and athletic director at a huge event which was virtually a pep rally . Everyone who was anyone was there , including UT president Joe DiPietro , Peyton Manning , former UT trustee Jim Haslam , son Jimmy Haslam , former women 's athletics director Joan Cronan , Lady Vol supporter Susan Richardson Williams and several current trustees , to name a few . Davenport bubbled with cheery comments about Currie .
Davenport and Currie were friends until they fired them without notice . They jointly restored the Lady Vols name . How things changed so quickly . This news conference announcing Currie 's dismissal ( called a suspension ) and hiring of Fulmer as AD was a small affair of media only . DiPietro was out of state and no trustee was present .
Davenport appeared ill at ease and hesitant in their responses to questions . It did not appear they had prepared well for the event . Eight months ago , they chose Currie over Fulmer . They exhibited little enthusiasm and mostly relief that they had Fulmer to pick this time .
Last time , Fulmer was falsely led to believe then they were under serious consideration for AD . Fulmer even flew early one morning to Nashville for an interview at the governor 's residence by two committee members including Jimmy Haslam , brother of the governor . No job offer emerged .
CLOSE Tennessee has named former head football coach Phil Fulmer as the athletics director . Wochit
Davenport declined to answer how much Currie would receive in compensation for their contract ending , when we all know it approaches $ 5 million . They dismissed questions on what Currie had done to be fired . Why did they bother to hold a news conference if they were not going to answer questions ?
While many people criticized how Currie handled the hiring of a new football coach , it was unclear if he , in fact , was acting under orders or not .
UT , having felt the strong criticism of the $ 8 million buyout for coach Butch Jones , wants to reduce Currie 's payout . Remember , UT is still paying former AD Dave Hart as well .
Buy Photo Tennessee Athletic Director John Currie speaks to the media following the firing of Butch Jones on Sunday , Nov. 12 , 2017 . ( Photo : Brianna Paciorka/News Sentinel )
Currie 's reputation has been tarnished by this and it will be hard for them to recover . UT may argue that they were fired for cause ( namely not handling the football coach search well ) and reduce the payout that way . However , this will not succeed .
If UT tries to change the Currie contract , it is a certainty Currie will sue to enforce the terms UT agreed to eight months ago . In a deposition , Davenport would have to answer the questions they refused to answer at their news conference . It would all come out and it might not be pretty .
There is no way UT would allow this to happen . Take the Title IX lawsuits , which UT quickly settled in a very generous way for the plaintiffs . UT has a clear history of settling high-profile lawsuits before they go to trial .
Knoxville 's No . 1 philanthropist , founder of Pilot Oil and father of the governor , Jim Haslam , is 87 on Dec. 13 and going strong . Sheriff J.J. Jones is 59 on Dec. 15 . State Rep. Martin Daniel is 61 on Dec. 17 , while Jenny Boyd , wife of GOP governor candidate Randy Boyd , is 60 that day . Knoxville attorney Jim London was 68 on Dec. 12 .
Retired School for the Deaf Superintendent Alan Mealka is being honored Thursday , Dec. 14 , with the new high school being named for him . The ceremony is at 10 in the morning and the public is invited . Mealka was a successful and dedicated superintendent for many years .
Thoughts on Phil Bredesen running for U.S. Senate next week .
Read or Share this story : http : //knoxne.ws/2AM3LRL
The Art of Reconnaissance : How to Improve your Viewpoint by Jeremiah Johnson – Ready Nutrition
ReadyNutrition Guys and Gals , this article will cover some basic techniques for observation , as well as some information on how the eyes and mind work . Why ? To fine tune your skills and give you an edge , as well as promote information for your further studies . You can use this information when you are in a fixed position and watching…whether on sentry duty , or for reconnaissance . These are not tips that are only for snipers or long-range shooters : they 're for the average guy and gal . Let 's get started .
Gain a Better Viewpoint With These Recon Basics
Our eyes are the eyes of a predator : pointed forward , with the greatest focus in our field of vision being directly in front of us . We see the following in order : movement , color , and the silhouette . Movement is the greatest factor , and this is wired into our systems to detect threats against us . Two eyes provide us with depth perception : the ability to gauge distance and determine where an object is in relation to us and to other objects .
One of the challenges for you is to develop your peripheral vision . Take something such as a door inside of your house , and focus on it . Maintaining the focus of your eyes on that door , allow the “ softened edges , ” or the unclear areas at the edges of your focus to come into view without moving your eyes . Keeping your eyes riveted to that focal point , allow the whole eyes to see everything “ on the sides of that focus , ” and all of this without moving the eyes .
The “ unclear area ” is your periphery . By unclear , I mean that you can see it , but the edges are not as sharp , and the detail is not as defined as the central focus . Your practice is twofold . First , practice trying to identify things on the sides of your focus without moving your eyes . Next , see the limits that your eyes take in objects . This is very important .
You can focus on a spot on the horizon , but if you keep that focus , guess what ? You will not miss an object moving into your field of vision is you train yourself well to see in the periphery . This is because the movement will “ register ” in your eyes and on your brain , and then you can shift your focus onto it to see it more clearly and identify it . Color , as mentioned above , means several things . Color change is especially important : suddenly , a mound of snow lifts up and a bright yellow “ thing ” emerges…yes , a man in a ski jacket . You will be able to detect changes in the color of the general surroundings , and with training to use the periphery of your vision can perfect it to be a valuable tool .
Silhouette is a little trickier : this involves seeing and identifying something by the outline . Vehicles are usually easy , but personnel ( especially if they 've camouflaged themselves ) are more difficult . “ Sneaky Pete 's ” tend to break up their outline with foliage , artificial netting/wraps , and other niceties . This is another reason that you want to know the distances you are observing , say , over an open area . If you have nothing in front of you , the “ speck ” on the horizon…you want to know beforehand that the 1 ” speck is really a 6 ' tall man at that distance .
Keep your eyes moving periodically , to shift your point of forward focus . Left to right or right to left…as long as you keep it regular . As we learned in Jumpmaster school in the service , do n't look for “ deficiencies. ” Formulate images and impressions of the “ normal ” area you must observe . Allow any variants ( the “ deficiencies , ” as we had in school ) to jump out at you . If you have a perfect sight picture , you 're going to notice the Yeti emerging from the trees . It is out of the norm . Their motion , their looks , and ( yes ! ) their silhouette .
One of the biggest challenges you 'll face when observing is the change in light levels , especially dark to dawn , and dusk to dark . Dawn and dusk are traditionally great times for an attack . This is because the light is just appearing in the former , and disappearing in the latter . The rods and cones of your eyes can not clearly help you determine what your eyes are seeing in accordance with the light provided . The challenge is from a lighted area into one of shadow . Very tough to see what is going on . Another problem is the time you spend on watch . Everyone should have a “ short shift ” of about 2 to 4 hours , but realistically this never happens .
Eyestrain and fatigue turn the eyes into acorns with drooling and head-tipping sure to follow . When watching over the snow-covered ground , be sure to wear 100 % UV protectant sunglasses . You can have long-term retinal damage when your eyes are exposed to reflected sunlight for a long period of time . Protect your eyes , and train them to see what you are observing for . Practice makes perfect , and in the end , you will perfect these techniques to improve your effectiveness in the areas we discussed . Keep fighting that good fight ! JJ out !
Source – Ready Nutrition
loading ...
Sharing is caring !
Vidal wants no repeat of Medel madness in Chile 's Confederations Cup challenge
Gary Medel saw red for a moment of madness against Romania and Arturo Vidal wants Chile to learn from the incident .
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017 , 21:31 IST
Chile midfielder Arturo Vidal
Arturo Vidal has warned Chile that they can not afford a repeat of Gary Medel 's red card against Romania when they begin their Confederations Cup campaign on Sunday .
The Copa America holders had looked in good form in the early stages of their final pre-tournament friendly on Tuesday , with Eduardo Vargas and Leonardo Valencia putting them 2-0 up in Cluj-Napoca after 18 minutes .
However , Bogdan Stanciu halved the deficit before Medel was sent off just two minutes later for kicking out at Florin Andone , and 10-man Chile ultimately surrendered their lead as Nicolae Stanciu and Alexandru Baluta secured a 3-2 win .
With Chile having been held to a 1-1 draw by Confederations Cup hosts Russia four days earlier , Vidal has called on their team-mates to ensure that they show a more professional approach when they take on Cameroon in their opening Group B game .
`` Medel 's sending off ? In current football , you ca n't give those advantages . We hope that these things do n't happen in the Confederations Cup , '' said the Bayern Munich midfielder .
`` That 's why there are these friendlies : to improve , to make mistakes and then , in the important games , not to do things wrong .
`` There are a lot of things to improve but it 's difficult to say . We have to see another type of game [ from us ] , but we have time . There are five days to try to lift our heads .
`` The important thing was that all the players had minutes so that they can reach the Confederations Cup in their best condition . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A brave casino worker has relived the horrific moment they were surrounded and sexually harassed by three men on the street .
Amy Dees was taking a break from work in the early hours of the morning when they were approached by the men who they say surrounded them and made disturbing comments
They said one of the man kissed their hand and told them ‘ I 'll give you the whole world ' while another threatened 'you are going to come with me ' .
The terrifying ordeal has destroyed the 24-year-old 's confidence and forced them to quit their job .
To make matters worse police have been unable to identify the predatory trio ,
“ They are still out there . They are probably doing it to someone else now . I would never want anyone to go through what I went through , ” they told Chronicle Live .
( Image : Chronicle Live WS )
Man hurls Molotov cocktail into restaurant next to their home `` because it was too noisy and disturbed their sleep ''
The 24-year-old , from West Denton , Newcastle , had stepped outside the back of Aspers Casino to get some air when they were approached by three men who were chatting in a foreign accent .
“ It was about 4am in the morning and it was break time . I just went out the back just to chill for a little bit , ” Amy explained . “ I saw these three guys walking up the alley when they approached us they were talking in a foreign language I did n't know what they were saying and it freaked us out . ”
But as the men got closer to Amy said they began talking in English , and started making disturbing comments towards them before surrounding them
“ One said ; ‘ Go and kiss her ' , ” they said . “ I tried to go back in and they surrounded us . They were saying weird things like ; ‘ You are going to come with me ' . and ‘ I want to kiss you ' . One of them was kissing my hand . They said ; ‘ I 'll give you the whole world ' . ”
( Image : Chronicle Live WS )
“ I was shaking like a leaf . I did n't know what to say or what to do . I just wanted to get away . They were just really creepy .
“ They eventually started to walk away one at a time . By that time I was distraught . I was crying and crying . ”
Amy , who has waived their legal right to anonymity as a victim of a sex attack , went back into work and finished their shift .
When they got home and told their parents what had happened Amy 's dad took them straight to Forth Banks police station to report the incident .
( Image : Chronicle Live WS )
A police officer told them the area was covered by a number of CCTV cameras and they were hopeful images of the men would be available .
Following the attack Amy decided to leave their job at Aspers as they no longer felt safe working night shifts ,
“ It massively affected my confidence , ” they said . “ I was n't confident walking to my car at night and if any man approached us I would freeze . I left my job because I had to work nightshift .
“ Before this I always used to think if something like that happened to me I would stand up to them . But when it happens to you you just freeze . I wanted to should and scream but I could n't . ”
( Image : Chronicle Live WS )
A Northumbria Police spokesperson said officers would still like to hear from anyone with any information about the attack .
They said : “ We can confirm we are investigating an incident outside Aspers Casino where four men approached a female staff member , touched their hand and tried to kiss them before the woman went back inside the casino .
“ Officers have been carrying out a number of enquiries and trawled CCTV footage in the city centre but have so far been unable to identify those involved . If anyone has information about the incident then police would ask they get in touch with police . ”
Call Northumbria Police on 101 quoting log 118 02/11/17 .
Mosul 's Famed Mosque And 'Hunchback ' Minaret , Destroyed By ISIS , Will Be Rebuilt
Enlarge this image toggle caption AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP/Getty Images AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP/Getty Images
The United Arab Emirates will contribute $ 50.4 million to rebuild a mosque and cherished leaning minaret that were destroyed after the Iraqi city of Mosul was overrun by the Islamic State .
On Monday the UAE , Iraq and the United Nations signed an agreement that Audrey Azoulay , director-general of the U.N. 's cultural agency UNESCO , called `` a historic partnership . '' In a written statement , they said it was `` the largest and [ most ] unprecedented cooperation to rebuild cultural heritage in Iraq ever . ''
The Great Mosque of al-Nuri was built in the 12th century inside Mosul 's Old City . It was named after Nur al-Din Mahmoud Zangi , a Turkic ruler who unified Muslim forces during the Crusades . In July 2014 , ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi stood at the mosque 's pulpit and declared Iraq and Syria as the terrorist group 's `` caliphate . ''
As Iraqi security forces drew closer to Mosul in June 2017 , ISIS destroyed the structure and later used the explosion as propaganda , pinning the damage on a U.S.-led coalition airstrike . `` Jihadist supporters are using it to blame the West and Americans , '' Alberto Fernandez , then-vice president of the Middle East Media Research Institute , told USA Today .
Months after Mosul was liberated , the bodies of ISIS fighters still lay in the rubble near the mosque , NPR 's Jane Arraf reported in March . Thousands of homes in the city 's historic section were in ruins . and people had no electricity or running water .
Only a stump-like remnant remained of the famously tilted minaret known as al-Hadba , or the `` hunchback . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ahmad al-Rubaye/AFP/Getty Images Ahmad al-Rubaye/AFP/Getty Images
`` We need services , '' a Health Ministry employee told Arraf . `` They just need to take away the rubble . We need water tankers to come so we can drink clean water . If they get rid of the rubble and repair the streets , a man can rebuild with their own hands . ''
The Iraqi government has estimated that a minimum of $ 2 billion is needed to repair crumbling streets and homes .
The UAE funding is earmarked for restoring the cultural landmarks . But Louise Haxthausen , director of UNESCO 's Baghdad office , told NPR that the $ 50.4 million will still help the city . `` It will generate employment and allow the inhabitants to develop and acquire skills , '' they said .
But some Mosul residents pointed to other , more pressing needs . One teacher and photographer tweeted an appeal to `` please remove the rotten bodies first . ''
With a five-year timeline , the first year of the restoration will focus on clearing debris from the site , documenting items and drawing out details for reconstruction . The next four years will focus on the restoration of the mosque and surrounding buildings .
The reconstruction will preserve `` the original minaret with its distinctive hunchback lean , '' Haxthausen said .
A joint committee will supervise the rebuilding efforts , including members of the Emirati and Iraqi Ministries of Culture , UNESCO and the Iraqi Sunni Endowment , according to the Emirates News Agency .
Haxthausen said the restoration is a key part of a flagship UNESCO initiative called Reviving the Spirit of Mosul , which launched in February , to `` bring life back to the city . ''
The UAE and other Gulf countries have recently improved relations with Iraq , Arraf notes . Arab Gulf leaders for years refused to recognize Iraq 's Shiite-led government as legitimate .
In my opinion , any candidate in the upcoming provincial election who supports high-speed rail should receive little or no votes .
Around election time every four years or so , the minister of transportation trots out this dreamy notion of whisking people around southern Ontario in their version of a local bullet train . And so the transportation folks will begin another environmental assessment to decide where the new tracks should go . This is an expensive process , paid for by taxpayers ' dollars , for a new rail line for which the need has yet to be established . Like previous studies dating back to the 1970s , the final report will probably advise that there is insufficient ridership and foreseeable demand to justify the huge expense required . By the way , the estimated cost for the Toronto , Kitchener , London project ranges up to $ 12 billion .
If our politicians were serious about improving rail service in the Kitchener area they should look at having some dialogue with the folks at GO Transit which sends two trains to Toronto and back with about 100 people on board , and Via Rail which has seven daily trains from Toronto to London , which would seem to indicate there are n't a whole lot of `` bums in seats '' to pay for a multibillion-dollar expansion .
Since the 1950s , demand for passenger rail service has been on the decline in North America due to excellent highways and expanded airline coverage . Promoting high-speed rail seems to be a `` one trick pony '' of a desperate government , and I think it 's now time for them to make some new , real and reasonable promises to the tax paying electorate .
The Weinstein Co . Files For Bankruptcy , Cancels Non-Disclosure Agreements
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Shotwell/AP Richard Shotwell/AP
The Weinstein Company Holdings LLC announced that it has filed for voluntary bankruptcy and entered into an agreement to sell its assets to a Dallas-based equity firm .
It also announced that it is ending all nondisclosure agreements that prevented victims of alleged sexual misconduct at the hands of disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein from talking about their experiences .
The Weinstein Co. will enter into a `` stalking horse '' agreement with an affiliate of Lantern Capital Partners in conjunction with entering into bankruptcy proceedings .
`` Under the agreement , Lantern will purchase substantially all of the assets of the Company , subject to certain conditions including approval of the Bankruptcy Court . The Board selected Lantern in part due to Lantern 's commitment to maintain the assets and employees as a going concern , '' said the company in a statement released late Monday .
But it was the second and third paragraphs of the statement that are likely to draw even greater attention in light of the many women who have come forward to accuse Weinstein of sexually harassment and abuse .
`` Today , the Company also takes an important step toward justice for any victims who have been silenced by Harvey Weinstein . Since October , it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence their accusers . Effective immediately , those `` agreements '' end . The Company expressly releases any confidentiality provision to the extent it has prevented individuals who suffered or witnessed any form of sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein from telling their stories . No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet . The Company thanks the courageous individuals who have already come forward . Your voices have inspired a movement for change across the country and around the world . ''
The announcement comes after a group of investors , led by former Obama administration official , Maria Contreras-Sweet , tried and failed to purchase the assets of The Weinstein Co. earlier this month . That deal , which would have re-invented the firm as a female-run company , collapsed upon the discovery of debt previously unknown by the investors .
Weinstein has been accused of raping or sexually assaulting many women over decades .
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman , who has brought suit against The Weinstein Co. , Harvey Weinstein and their brother , Bob Weinstein , issued a statement praising the announcement .
Christina Ricci loved being a child star .
The American actor - who played Wednesday Addams in 'The Addams Family ' films at the age of 10 - loved `` being a kid who had a talent '' and enjoyed having `` positive reinforcement '' every single day .
Asked what role they preferred , they said : `` I do n't have a favourite [ film ] of all time . I 've had some incredible experiences and loved working as a child . I have to say The Addams Family movies were two really really - they were like glory days for me as a 10 and 12-year-old . Those were great movies to be on ...
`` I loved working . I loved being a kid who had a talent . I loved being good at something . I loved all that positive reinforcement I got every day . I loved getting to use my imagination in a way that really created things . It was incredible to be able to do that so young . ''
Christina worked with Cher on their first movie and praised the singer 's kindness and generosity , revealing they learned a lot from them
They added to People magazine : `` Cher was the most famous actor I 've worked with , and it was my first movie . They were so open and so incredibly kind and generous . I learned a ton from them I could ask them directly , 'How do you do it ? How do you make yourself cry ? ' And they would try to help me learn how to do it . They were great . ''
Seventy-five minutes is normally more than enough time for a choral performance . After an hour , even the most choir-loving among us are ready to get out of the pew and stretch our legs . But when the Westminster Choir 's altos and sopranos sang the final “ requiem ” of their Angels program , nobody rushed to the door . Rather , the room stood in unison , offering thunderous applause for the young women and accompanying musicians who took their audience on a harmonic celestial tour .
Bach began the evening , as violinist Rachel Sandman set the mood from the center of the sanctuary with Largo from Sonata in C Major . The first angelic voices soon emanated from the narthex of St. Matthew 's Lutheran Church . The singers processed down the aisle singing Hildegard von Bingen 's “ O choruscans lux stellarum , ” a composition written nearly a millennium ago .
The singers circled the small orchestra at the altar to commence the evening 's primary piece , Giovanni Battista Pergolesi 's “ Stabat Mater. ” Recounting the death of Jesus and sung in Latin , the first eight segments were reminiscent of the stations of the cross . Five segments were performed by soloists , including phenom alto Madison Bowling , whose small size belied their powerful , beautiful delivery of “ Quae moerebat et dolebat . ”
The program 's first segment , “ Darkness , ” concluded with enthusiastic applause and bows by the soloists , providing the only brief pause in the evening 's music . “ Awakening , ” the second part , found the singers moving into the audience for the modern composition by Abbie Betinis , “ Soyez comme l'oiseau. ” As the singers passed by in the aisles , their ability to blend their individually powerful voices into a greater sum was clear and striking . Made up of repeated rounds that echoed and built on each other , the song foreshadowed the transcendence soon to come .
From the choir loft , above and behind the majority of the audience seated in pews at ground level , the singers flowed through four hymns from the Rig Veda . The arrangements by English composer Gustav Holst could have fooled most listeners into thinking they were hearing traditional Christian hymns rather than the words of sacred Hindu texts .
“ Awakening ” then seamlessly transitioned into the third and final segment , “ Angels. ” Without straining one 's neck to turn 180 degrees around , the choir was out of sight , offering the unspoken suggestion that we close our eyes . Thus situated , the “ perpetual light ” of American composer Z. Randall Stroope 's “ Lux Aeterna ” encouraged meditation , although those with their eyes open were treated to an array of refracted light and “ stars ” across the church 's arched ceiling .
The closing piece , Gabriel Fauré 's Requiem , op . 48. , was the evening 's most transcendent . From above and behind the audience , guided by flowing harp and the gentle roll of double bass , the singers seemed to float out over the sanctuary , spreading their voices throughout the perfectly attuned room . Their singing was powerful but smooth , like water flowing over river rocks . There were no jagged edges — just the soothing , transcendent voices of angels lifting us up to a higher realm .
Royal Rumble match card : List of matches confirmed for Royal Rumble 2017
The Alamodome has only a few matches confirmed so far , but it 's beginning to look stacked .
by Rohit Nath News 02 Jan 2017 , 16:39 IST
Royal Rumble is set to be a star-studded affair
The Royal Rumble takes place at the Alamodome in what may well be the biggest Rumble of all time . WWE will be looking to sell over 60,000 tickets . In order to do this , they require big names . Some of the big names confirmed to appear are Goldberg , Brock Lesnar , and John Cena .
The Undertaker is expected to be part of the show , and Shawn Michaels is rumoured to be appearing in a non-wrestling role since it is be in their hometown of San Antonio . The Undertaker and Shawn Michaels will both appear on Raw on January 9th . It is expected that both legends will announce their respective roles in the Rumble .
The build to the Rumble began after Roadblock : End Of The Line . Here is the official match card :
AJ Styles ( C ) vs John Cena – WWE Championship
AJ Styles & John Cena will be going head-to-head in their third singles match
AJ Styles defeated Dolph Ziggler and Baron Corbin in the final episode SmackDown Live to end the year as WWE Champion . Earlier in the show , John Cena made their return to WWE after two and a half months and declared that they would compete for the WWE Championship at the Royal Rumble . The two former arch-rivals shook hands to close the show .
Cena returned with an attitude that was never seen in their run as WWE 's top babyface . They will be chasing their 16th World Championship to tie the record with Ric Flair . Cena has a big chip on their shoulder , namely that they have two defeats in the hands of AJ Styles , out of which one is a clean victory .
The rivals tore the house down at Summerslam , and this should be no different in the four-hour show .
Kevin Owens ( c ) vs Roman Reigns – WWE Universal Championship match ( w/ Chris Jericho suspended in a shark cage )
Kevin Owens faces Roman Reigns without the help of Chris Jericho
Kevin Owens and Roman Reigns have faced off numerous times over the past few months , with The Big Dog getting the win most of the time . Whenever Owens has defeated Reigns , it was thanks to the help of Chris Jericho . As a matter of fact , all of Kevin Owens ' successful title defences has been due to Jericho 's interference .
To address this problem , Raw General Manager Mick Foley announced on the Raw after Roadblock : End Of the Line that Reigns would get another shot at the Universal Championship at the Royal Rumble , and Chris Jericho will be suspended above the ring in a shark cage to prevent any interference in the match .
The person who wins this match may very well walk into Wrestlemania 33 as the Universal Champion .
30-Man Royal Rumble Match
Brock Lesnar and Goldberg will cross paths in the Royal Rumble match
Goldberg announced themselves to be the first entrant in the 2017 Royal Rumble the night after Survivor Series . The week after that , an emotional Paul Heyman said that Lesnar will be in the Rumble match as well . The two are bound to cross paths , and will likely cost each other the match , setting up a blow-off match at Wrestlemania 33 .
This is perhaps the most unpredictable Royal Rumble match in years . There are a few names up in the air , such as Braun Strowman , The Undertaker and Finn Balor , among others . This may very well turn out to be the best Royal Rumble match in a decade .
Send us news tips at fightclub @ sportskeeda.com
Deprived primary school children are showing signs of malnutrition when they return to class after the holidays .
More than half the 600 teachers polled said pupils at their school were affected by “ holiday hunger ” .
Over a third ( 37per cent ) said youngsters were returning to school with signs of malnourishment .
Some 39 per cent of the teachers said it affects more than a quarter of their pupils – and 12 per cent said it was more than half , according to the National Union of Teachers poll .
And 80 per cent who reported pupils with holiday hunger said it had increased over the past two years .
NUT chief Kevin Courtney told the union 's annual conference in Cardiff : “ These are heart-breaking findings . They lay bare the terrible impact of poverty on the lives and educational experiences of many children .
“ This situation should n't be tolerated , let alone be allowed to persist in the sixth richest economy in the world . ”
Many children from poor families are eligible for free school meals during school term times , but teachers fear some go hungry at home .
One teacher said : “ A large number of pupils are consistently hungry , not just in the holidays .
“ Weekends are a particularly worrying time for pupils and a large number of pupils have just one main meal a day , school lunch . ”
Another teacher said : “ An increasing number of children arrive at school hungry .
“ The only full meal they get is a free school dinner . Grants should fund those ­disadvantaged families during the holiday period as well as at school too . ”
A third added : “ More and more families have told me they rely on food banks to survive , many of these are working families . ”
There were four million children living in poverty in the UK in 2015 , an increase of 200,000 on the previous year , official figures show . It means 30 % of children , or nine pupils in every class of 30 , are officially poor .
Of those four million children , 67 per cent had at least one parent in work – up from 66 per cent the year before , according to the Children 's Society .
Mr Courtney added : “ When children come to school hungry or malnourished , it impairs their ability to learn . Teachers are working hard to achieve the best outcomes for their pupils but the challenges they face as a result of poverty are increasing , not diminishing , under this Government . ”
“ The Government needs to take urgent action and adopt a serious poverty reduction strategy , including the implementation of universal free school meals for all primary children . ''
New Delhi : To improve corporate governance at listed companies , a high-profile Sebi panel has recommended payments made by such entities to related parties for usage of brand and royalty should need approval from the majority of non- promoter shareholders .
In case , where royalty payout levels exceed 5 % of consolidated revenues , the panel headed by eminent banker Uday Kotak suggested the terms of conditions of such royalty must require shareholders ' approval .
The committee has recommended that “ payments made by listed entities with respect to brands usage/royalty amounting to more than 5 % of consolidated turnover of the listed entity may require prior approval from the shareholders on a ‘ majority of minority ' basis ” .
Currently , there is no specific provisions pertaining to payments made pertaining to brand and royalty to related parties .
A transaction involving payments made to a related party with respect to brand usage or royalty should be considered material if the transaction to be entered into individually or taken together with previous transactions during a financial year , exceeds 5 % of the annual consolidated turnover of the listed entity .
The panel on corporate governance , which submitted its report to the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ) on Thursday , is of the view that creating checks and balances on related party transactions are crucial for good governance .
In order to strengthen transparency on related party transactions , the committee has recommended that companies should disclose such transactions once every six months and strict penalties should be imposed by Sebi for failing to make such disclosures .
It also suggested that all promoters/promoter group entities that own 20 per cent or more in a listed company should be considered ‘ related parties ' . In addition , the committee recommended disclosures of transactions with promoters or promoter group entities holding 10 % or more annually and on a half yearly basis ( even if not classified as related parties ) .
The committee proposed for a transparent framework to regulate the information rights of certain promoters and significant shareholders in order to reduce subjectivity and provide clarity for ease of business and to prevent any abuse and unlawful exchange of unpublished price sensitive information .
Capital markets regulator has sought public comments till November 4 on the panel 's recommendations , which run into 177 pages and covers a host of issues .
Scarlett Johansson 's latest role is causing controversy already , and filming has n't even begun .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
According to People , Johansson has been cast as trans man Dante `` Tex '' Gill in upcoming movie Rub & Tug . Gill owned a massage parlor in Pittsburgh in the 1970s , allegedly operating as part of the underground sex industry . The BBC describes Gill as a `` Pittsburgh crime boss '' who was assigned female at birth but identified as a man , asking to be referred to as `` Mr Gill . ''
While descriptions of Gill vary greatly between publications , the BBC points out that Gill 's official obituary notes that they `` may even have undergone the initial stages of a sex change . '' Bustle reports that , `` If Gill identified as a transgender man , it 's definitely problematic for Johansson , a cisgender woman , to portray Gill on screen . ''
The internet reacted quickly to Johansson 's casting , calling for a trans man to be cast in the role instead .
Why 👏 are 👏 you 👏 playing 👏 a 👏 trans 👏 man 👏 if 👏 you 're 👏 not 👏 a 👏 trans 👏 man 👏 please 👏 stop 👏 # ScarlettJohansson — Laura . ( @ _laurajane123 ) July 3 , 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Literally the LEAST you could do when making a movie about trans people is to cast a trans person in the role that was written for them . Scarlett Johansson needs to stop naievely choosing roles , and studios need to do better . — Derek Abolish ICE Sherry 🌹 ( @ NotKyleSherry ) July 4 , 2018
Dear # ScarlettJohansson , the way you can use your privilege as a white cis woman is to amplify the voices of underrepresented communities , not speak for them . — Elise Bauman ( @ baumanelise ) July 4 , 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Actors who are trans never even get to audition FOR ANYTHING OTHER THAN ROLES OF TRANS CHARACTERS . THATS THE REAL ISSUE . WE CANT EVEN GET IN THE ROOM . Cast actors WHO ARE TRANS as NON TRANS CHARACTERS . I DARE YOU # RupertSanders @ NewRegency # ScarlettJohansson https : //t.co/RkrW8MeGcG — Jamie Clayton ( @ MsJamieClayton ) July 4 , 2018
However , the Avengers actor appeared to disagree with any criticism , by issuing a divisive statement regarding their new part .
In response to the backlash , Johansson issued a statement to Bustle via their representative who said , `` Tell them that they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor , Jared Leto , and Felicity Huffman 's reps for comment . ''
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Tambor played a trans woman in Transparent , while Huffman starred in the movie Transamerica . Leto famously won an Oscar for their role in Dallas Buyers Club , which was released in 2013 , but told The Telegraph in April 2018 that they would `` probably pass '' if offered the part again . They elaborated , `` I think we should make sure we always think first of people in the minority that do n't have as many opportunities . And that was made very clear to me through that process . ''
This is n't the first time that Johansson has ignited controversy with a film role . Them previous collaboration with director Rupert Sanders , who will also direct Rub & Tug , was Ghost in the Shell . Controversially , Johansson was accused of whitewashing their character , which was based on a popular character from Japanese manga .
Cleveland Police Search For Suspect Who Posted Murder Video On Facebook
Authorities in Cleveland are looking for a man they say committed a murder on Sunday and posted the video on Facebook . A warrant for aggravated murder has been issued for 37-year-old Steve Stephens .
DAVID GREENE , HOST :
And let 's catch up on a shocking story in Cleveland . Police are hunting for a man they 've identified as Steve Stephens . They say they murdered an elderly man and posted video of this killing on Facebook . Annie Wu of member station WCPN ideastream is on the line . And Annie , what 's the latest on this ?
ANNIE WU , BYLINE : Well , the police still do n't know where they are . They say they could be a lot of places - nearby , far away . And they 've expanded their search to the Midwest . They said that a woman who was mentioned in the video that they put on Facebook , the woman is cooperating with police . But they declined to identify them or to say where they are .
GREENE : So they 're trying to piece this together . And this is a woman 's name who someone - someone said the name on this video ?
WU : The man identified by police is Steve Stephens . They talk about this woman in the video that they posted on Facebook .
GREENE : OK . So that 's one lead that they 're following . And it sounds like , Annie , the police were actually in touch with the suspect pretty shortly after the alleged shooting - the alleged crime . Is that right ?
WU : Yes . The investigators spoke to Stephens by cellphone early on and tried to convince them to turn themselves in . That obviously did not work .
GREENE : And remind us here . I mean , this is just extraordinary , they posted this video . It was not livestreaming . We actually - police actually think that they filmed this and then posted it on to Facebook afterwards .
WU : Yes . A spokesperson for Facebook says that it was in fact uploaded to Facebook . It was not livestreamed . But what we do know is that the crime committed was committed at about 2 o'clock in the afternoon on Sunday in a Cleveland neighborhood . And the man is 74-year-old Robert Godwin , Sr. And the investigation continues , and police are still on the lookout . And they are putting notices up on billboards to identify - try to identify Steve Stephens .
GREENE : Wow . So still searching for him , and that must have people in Cleveland and surrounding areas a bit nervous . Annie Wu of member station WCPN ideastream . Thanks so much .
WU : Thank you .
Copyright © 2017 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
It will help to replenish nutritional value to your go . It will add wonderful charm in the way you look . The formula performs straight from the main and feeds biocilium your go remarkably . This supplement battles with many hair-loss issues like slim locks , damage locks , hair thinning hair loss , common hair-loss , and lifeless locks . Besides , it also enables you to refresh locks roots , that has significant importance behind the locks growth .
http : //nutritionplanreview.com/biocilium/
Who has n't heard of Mughal-e-Azam ? A historical epic with grandeur on a scale that has rarely been seen on the Indian screen , K Asif 's 1960 production is the stuff of legend . Everything about the movie , from its expansive sets and costumes , dramatic confrontations , breathtaking battle sequences , tender romantic moments , memorable music and fine performances , have generated reams of analysis down the years .
Mughal-e-Azam underwent an arduous struggle of more than a decade and a half before it was completed . The journey also saw huge amounts of money and effort being poured down the drain , when about 25 per cent of the film that was shot before the Partition had to be scrapped .
Sometime around 1944-5 , Asif hit upon the idea of adapting Imtiaz Ali Taj 's play about a doomed love story between the Mughal prince Salim and a courtesan-dancer in Akbar 's court , Anarkali . According to legend – the story has no basis in historical fact – Akbar disapproved of their son 's involvement with a commoner and put a cruel end to the romance by having them entombed alive inside a brick wall .
There had been three screen versions of the story by then . Two starred one of Indian cinema 's top female stars , Sulochana , as Anarkali – in 1928 as a silent feature and then in 1935 as a talkie . For their own ambitious version , Asif teamed up with Shiraz Ali Hakim , the owner of Famous Cine Studio . Hakim had also supervised Asif 's directorial debut , Phool ( 1945 ) . Written by Kamal Amrohi , Phool is regarded as one of Hindi cinema 's earliest multi-starrers with a stellar cast that included Prithviraj Kapoor , Durga Khote , Veena , Yakub , Wasti , Suraiya , Sitara Devi and Mazhar Khan .
An early announcement on Mughal-e-Azam appeared on the cover of the November 1945 issue of the Filmindia magazine . The star cast was named as Veena , Nargis and Chandramohan , who were to play Bahar ( the name was changed from Dilaram in Taj 's play ) , Anarkali and Akbar respectively . The film was to be shot at the Bombay Talkies Studio in Mumbai 's Malad suburb .
Hakim had become a partner in Bombay Talkies at the time , having bought shares surrendered by the studio 's co-founder Devika Rani after they married Russian painter Svetoslav Roerich . The production controller of Bombay Talkies , Hiten Chowdhury , suggested that Asif and Hakim consider a young newcomer who was on the company 's payroll for Salim 's role . In fact , they were already working on their third film there , Nitin Bose 's Milan ( 1946 ) . However , Asif rejected the young man , whose screen name was Dilip Kumar .
The shooting of Asif 's magnum opus began in earnest in 1946 , and the cast and crew were expanded . Sapru came on board to play Salim and Durga Khote was signed on as Akbar 's Rajput wife and Salim 's mother , Jodha . Up-and-coming actor Himalaywala , who had played a key role in Mehboob 's Humayun ( 1945 ) , was finalised for the role of Salim 's Rajput friend Durjan Singh , who sacrifices their lives for the prince .
Veena as Bahar in the shelved Mughal-e-Azam .
Anil Biswas was to score the music while Kamal Amrohi , Aman , Wajahat Mirza and Ehsan Rizvi were signed up as writers . Regular advertisements , and reports from the sets in Filmindia issues in 1946 suggest that production was going smoothly enough with about a quarter of the film in the cans when the political turmoil that was spreading in the wake of India 's imminent independence played spoiler .
The partition of the sub-continent saw Hakim and Himalaywala deciding to make West Pakistan their home . In one stroke , Asif was bereft of their financier and a key actor . Around 10 truckloads of raw stock went to waste and were thrown away . To make matters worse , Asif found themselves without their emperor . Chandramohan , who was to play Akbar , died on April 2 , 1949 .
Even Filmindia , which was known for its caustic film reviews , conceded in its obituary of the actor , “ Never again will this great actor be replaced . For , the lambs of the day can never reach the stature of the lion that died . ”
Chandramohan in Sohrab Modi 's Pukar ( 1939 ) .
Before selling the studio and relocating to Pakistan , Hakim suggested to Asif that if anyone could drum up the vast finances for the film , it was reputed builder Shapoorji Pallonji , whose company had also constructed Famous Cine Studio in Mumbai . And indeed , it was Pallonji who helped Asif realise their dream – a fantasy that was finally released on August 5 , 1960 , at the cost of an unbelievable 1.5 crore .
Even if they could n't immortalise the Salim-Anarkali love story on the silver screen , Sapru and Nargis played another pair of famous star-crossed lovers in Romeo & Juliet ( 1947 ) . In its review , Filmindia noted , “ The love scenes between the two are played with appropriate restraint and dignity , though ( in a tale of classic fashion ) a little more fire and intensity was indicated . ”
Across the border , Himalaywala portrayed Akbar in a screen version of Imtiaz Ali Taj 's play . Anaarkali ( 1958 ) saw singing star Noor Jehan play the doomed courtesan and also sing some of their finest songs ever .
Sugar Hills Record recording Artist is coming to Chicago on Friday March 9th to perform at Joe 's on Weed Street in Chicago . Before joining Sugar Hills Record they self produced nine albums and then produced their 10th and most recent album with Sugar Hills Record named “ While the Getting ' is Good ” . Do n't miss your opportunity to see them live !
The contest begins on Tuesday 12/11 at 10am and ends on Monday 12/22 at 10am . Five ( 5 ) total winners will be selected at random from all eligible entries on 12/18 at approximately 10am . Approximate retail $ 30 .
KABUL : Militants armed with guns and rockets attacked the new building of the Ministry of Interior of Afghanistan , on the airport road in Kabul , officials said .
The attacked was ended after almost two hours when 10 attackers were killed by government forces , a spokesperson for the ministry confirmed .
The attack started at around 12.15pm Kabul time when an explosion occurred close to the entrance gate of the ministry . The explosion was followed by gunfire by attackers .
The Ministry of Interior moved to the new building last year – a building which is close to main military bases including the Ministry of Defense and the National Directorate of Security as well as the Hamid Karzai International Airport .
A spokesperson for the Interior Ministry , Najib Danish , said according to their initial findings , one police force member was killed , and five others were wounded in the attack .
They confirmed that attackers were in military uniform . “ The first explosion maybe was a suicide attack at the first gate but the situation is under control , ” Danish told media persons in the first hour of the attack .
The roads leading to the ministry were closed by government forces . Residents reported heavy traffic in central parts of the city following the incident .
No groups so far claimed responsibility for the assault.—NNI
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
We know fairytales do n't exist , but Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck do , and they live in Disneyland .
Okay , so that 's not entirely true , but you can actually meet your favourite Disney characters in a little town called Marne-la-Vallée in Paris , also known as the home of Walt Disney - Disneyland Paris .
But Disneyland does n't come cheap .
Book last minute and you may find yourself paying hundreds per person , especially during the peak booking periods - January and July through to August , so finding a good deal could save you hundreds of pounds .
Luckily the theme park has plenty of deals and discounts on throughout 2018 whether you 're hoping to book in a summer getaway , or give your kids a seriously magical Christmas .
All without needing to break the bank .
If you 're booking a Disneyland escape , we 've got the lowdown on how you can take full-advantage of the brand 's 25th anniversary offers , and found more handy deals that may tickle your fancy below .
Only visiting Disneyland for the day and want to bag a bargain for the rest of your holiday ? See our Eurocamp deals page here .
What deals are included in our guide ?
Get up to 25 % off your stay plus a free half board meal plan
Adults pay kids prices
Save up to 52 % off a day ticket
Get a free P & O ferry crossing with your Disneyland break
Get 2 days and 2 nights free for winter 2018 stays - and kids under 7 stays free
Save up to 37 % off gate price - and get €15 worth of food vouchers
Save up to 26 % off a coach/ferry journey including entry to the park
Best websites to find more Disneyland Paris deals
More Disneyland booking tips
Get up to 25 % off your stay plus FREE Half Board meal plan
The Walt Disney Travel Company currently has savings of up to 25 % off hotel and ticket packages plus a FREE half board meal plan for the entire party .
Plus , if you book direct with them , you can enjoy a free P & O ferry crossing too meaning even more savings on that dream family break .
What 's included ?
• Accommodation at a Disney Hotel
• Free counter service breakfast in one of the Parks throughout your stay
• Free lunch or dinner throughout your stay
• Tickets to both Disney Parks for each day of your stay
• Free shuttle bus between the Disney Parks and Disney Hotels , excluding Disney 's Davy Crockett Ranch which is an easy 15 minutes ' drive away
• FASTPASS to ride your favourite attractions without waiting in the queue
• Extra Magic Time so you have even more time to enjoy the magic
• Free parking
• Experience spectacular new events including the Festival of Pirates and Princesses and Marvel Summer of Super Heroes
• Shows and attractions included
• Meet ‘ n ' Greet Disney Characters
The best part is you have until Wednesday 25th April to book the deal .
( Image : Disney / Disneyland Paris )
Get two-nights at a 4-star hotel and park tickets from £169pp
Wowcher currently has a deal on weekend breaks for a two-night Disneyland Paris spa stay including park tickets and return flights , from £169pp .
The best part is , the offer is valid on breaks until 31st July 2018 , including Easter holiday dates - the perfect excuse to book a magical family minibreak !
Choose from the Vienna Dream Castle or Vienna Magic Circus hotels , and get one-day two-park entry to one-day two-park entry to Disneyland and Walt Disney Studios .
You can also find three-night stays on the same deal from £239pp . Return flights are from Gatwick , Luton , Stansted , Manchester , Bristol , Edinburgh .
It 's worth noting that the price is based on two people sharing a room , so you 'll need two vouchers for a family of four .
( Image : Jerod Harris/Getty )
Get a free P & O ferry crossing with your Disneyland break
Book a package with Walt Disney Travel Company by 25th April 2018 and you will get a P & O Ferries crossing for free .
This deal is valid for arrivals from 1st April 2018 to 30th June 2018 so it 's perfect timing for the school holidays .
What 's included ?
Free return crossing with P & O Ferries
Fastpass to ride your favourite attractions without waiting in the queue
Tickets to both Disney parks for each day of your stay
Extra Magic Time so you have even more time to explore the magic
Free shuttle bus between the Disney Parks and Disney Hotels , excluding Disney 's Davy Crockett Ranch which is an easy 15 minutes ' drive away
Free parking
Shows and Attractions included
Meet 'n ' Greet Disney Characters
Save up to 40 % off a day ticket
Picniq has plenty of other deals on day tickets - and currently they 're offering up some of the biggest discounts available !
You can bag a day ticket from as little as £37.50 for a child ticket - get your tickets here .
DEALS INCLUDE :
1 day 1 park tickets from £38
1 day 2 park tickets from £55
2 day 2 park tickets from £106
3 day 2 park tickets from £133
4 day 2 park tickets from £144
Get 2 days and 2 nights FREE for winter 2018 - and kids under 7 stays for free
Already thinking ahead to winter 2018 - or even as far as 2019 so you can spend your money on a different holiday next year ? Then this Disneyland Paris offer is for you ...
You can get 2 days and 2 nights FREE for stays between the 7th November 2018 and 30th September 2019 - including the school holidays ! ( The only dates not included are 21st December-5th January ) .
• Book a 3 or 4 night package and pay the price of a 2 night package .
• Book a 4 or 5 night package and pay the price of a 3 night package .
• Book a 5 or 6 night package and pay the price of a 4 night package .
The best part you 've got until 11th April 2018 to book - so ample opportunity to get planning the ultimate family break .
Plus , kids under 7 get free hotel accommodation AND park tickets too . Click here for the full details .
What 's included in the 2 day/2 night free offers ?
• FASTPASS to ride your favourite attractions without waiting in the queue
• Tickets to both Disney Parks for each day of your stay
• Extra Magic Time so you have even more time to explore the magic
• FREE shuttle bus between the Disney Parks and Disney Hotels , excluding Disney 's Davy Crockett Ranch which is an easy 15 minutes ' drive away
• FREE parking
• Shows and Attractions included
• Meet 'n ' Greet Disney Characters
Save up to 37 % off gate price - and get €15 worth of food vouchers
AttractionTix currently has an offer for a one day ticket which includes both parks , with prices from £40 for children , and £44 per adult ; that 's up to 37 % off the gate price .
This includes a FASTPASS to skip the queues to the most popular rides , not to mention you can hop between both the Disneyland Park and Walt Disney Studios Park as much as you like .
As a bonus , if you 're visiting before the 31st March 2018 , you 'll also receive FREE restaurant vouchers worth €15 , per booking .
Tempted ? You can find the full offer details here .
Save up to 26 % off a coach/ferry journey including entry to the park
Wowcher currently has an offer for the Easter holidays with 26 % off a return coach trip to Paris , a tour of the city by night and a ticket to Disneyland Paris from Coach innovations .
The offer 's valid for travel departure dates of the 2nd or 4th April only , from a choice of 11 UK locations .
Prices start from £139pp meaning you can save up to 26 % off the usual price . You can find the full offer details here .
Websites to watch for more Disneyland Paris savings
More Disneyland booking tips
Check out our dedicated Disney page for all the latest news on the theme parks , as well as new films and exciting high street collections you 'll want to know about .
Players had been told for years that penalties were a lottery . Southgate told them it was a process they could own .
`` It 's not about luck , '' they said ahead of the 4-3 shootout win over Colombia . `` It 's not about chance . It 's about performing a skill under pressure . There are individual things you can work on within that . We have to know who is in charge , who needs to get out of the way , who can speak with clarity to the players . ''
Not fearing failure was a significant psychological hurdle to overcome .
Southgate embraced their own public humiliation to help the current generation of players prepare to cope with setbacks . At the St. George 's Park training complex in central England , the messages and tactics have been transmitted through the age groups of England teams .
Slowly , England is shaking off its losing mentality . Victory in the under-20s World Cup in June 2017 was followed by glory in the under-17s edition in October , and now Southgate 's squad remains on track to add a third FIFA title .
Whereas past England sides might have recoiled after conceding a stoppage time equalizer to Colombia , this group held on through extra time and broke the penalties ' curse .
Before Tuesday night in Moscow , England since 1990 had been knocked out of three World Cups on penalties and three European Championships . The only success came at the Euro '96 against Spain before Southgate 's miss in the semifinal against Germany .
With England fans outnumbered by Colombians in the Spartak Moscow stadium , it was an even greater test of nerves for Eric Dier to make the winning kick against Colombia .
`` It was like an out-of-body experience , '' Dier said Wednesday . `` I just tried to stay in the moment . ''
Southgate has been working to remove players from their comfort zone after seeing — as a UEFA technical observer — how Roy Hodgson 's England froze under pressure and was eliminated by Iceland in the Euro 2016 round of 16 . Players were taken last year to the Royal Marines ' Commando Training Centre . One exercise at the boot camp saw players submerged in water .
`` ( Southgate ) wanted to change the way we are and try something different , '' Kane recalled . `` Because in recent times we have n't been great for England in tournaments . It 's about trying to change that mental attitude . ''
Southgate had initially rejected the chance to succeed Hodgson after the Euro 2016 , believing they lacked experience , having only coached a senior team for three years at Middlesbrough until 2009 .
But after three years as England 's under-21s coach , Southgate was jettisoned into the top job in September 2016 by an unexpected vacancy when Sam Allardyce lasted just one game before their brashness and unguarded bar talk forced the English Football Association to part company .
At 47 , Southgate has been keen to look beyond soccer for inspiration , particularly on trips to NBA and NFL games . They have retained steeliness while bringing compassion and warmth to the job .
The defining image , perhaps , of Tuesday in Moscow was not Southgate celebrating but of them consoling Mateus Uribe , whose eyes were covered by their Colombian jersey after their missed kick . That 's a reflection of the human touch England players have come to expect from Southgate .
`` We have spoken a lot about togetherness , '' Kane said , `` and we 've got a great bond off the pitch . ''
___
Rob Harris is at www.twitter.com/RobHarris and www.facebook.com/RobHarrisReports
___
More AP World Cup coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By Rob Harris , The Associated Press
TORONTO — Five things to know about the Ontario government 's throne speech :
— Hospitals : The government says it will make `` significant investments '' in hospital operations to cut down on wait times
— Home care : The government suggests new money will be made available to increase supports for people wanting to receive care in their homes
— Mental health and addictions : The government hints at new funding to increase supports in these areas and ensure people receive the help they need
New Delhi : Senior Congress leader and former union minister , P Chidambaram said on Wednesday that former president Pranab Mukherjee should tell the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) as to what was wrong with their ideology .
`` Now that they have accepted invitation there is no point debating why they accepted it . The more important thing to say is , sir you have accepted the invitation , please go there and tell them what is wrong with their ideology , '' they were quoted as saying by ANI .
The RSS has invited Mukherjee to address newly recruited sangh workers on June 7 in Nagpur . Mukherjee has given their consent to participate in the programme , RSS ' Akhil Bhartiya Prachar Pramukh Arun Kumar had told PTI . Mukherjee will be the chief guest at the valedictory session of the 'Tritiya Varsh Varg ' or the Third Year Course organised by the RSS .
`` We have invited the former President of India and it is their greatness that they have given their consent for participating in the programme , '' Kumar had said . Earlier in 2018 , Mukherjee had invited top sangh leaders at the launch of the Pranab Mukherjee Foundation . On the other hand , RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat had also called on Mukherjee during the last days of their tenure as president .
Meanwhile , senior Congress leader Ramesh Chennithala on Wednesday sent a letter to Mukherjee requesting them to refrain from attending the RSS function . In the letter , they said Mukherjee 's decision to attend the function had come as a `` rude shock '' to secular minds of the country . Chennithala , a leader of the opposition in Kerala Assembly , alleged that RSS has been trying to divide the country on religious lines and to run the incumbent government by remote control .
`` Being one of the tallest leaders of the great Indian National Congress , which has been responsible for preserving the secular fabric of this country , your decision has invited unparalleled disgruntlement among the rank and file of the Congress party , '' the letter said . `` As a person who has served as the first citizen of our country and the greatest ambassador of secularism , I request you to reconsider your decision to attend the RSS meet on June 7 , 2018 , '' it added , PTI reported .
Another Congress leader and West Bengal party chief Adhir Chowdhury on Wednesday expressed surprise over Mukherjee 's decision to attend the RSS event . `` My question is do they ( Mukherjee ) think their previous comments against RSS were wrong ... We still remember how Pranab Mukherjee , as a senior leader of the Congress , had criticised RSS as a communal and a divisive organisation , '' they said .
Congress leader V Hanumantha Rao too said on Wednesday that Mukherjee should withdraw their decision to attend an RSS event as chief guest `` in the interest of secularism '' . The AICC secretary and former Rajya Sabha member said that Mukherjee has been held in high esteem by former PM Rajiv Gandhi , UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Congress president Rahul . `` Their ( RSS ) thinking is Hindutva . They are not secular . They want 'Hindu desh ' . How can they ( Mukherjee ) go ? In this country , Hindu , Muslim , Sikh , Christian , everybody is there ... So my request is they should rethink ( his decision to attend the RSS meet ) and they should not go , '' they said .
( With Agency inputs )
Alphabet disappointed investors with its quarterly results as it felt the impact of heavy spending on promotions for its Pixel2 smartphone , YouTube TV , and cloud services .
However advertising growth remained strong for Google 's parent company and it has also replaced long-standing executive chairperson Eric Schmidt with board veteran John Hennessy .
Strong Growth , Heavy Spend
On the surface it seems that Alphabet enjoyed a strong year . For the fourth quarter Alphabet posted a net loss of $ 3bn ( £2.1bn ) , compared to a year-ago profit $ 5.3bn ( £3.7bn ) . Sales in the three month period were $ 32.3bn ( £22.7bn ) from $ 26bn ( £18.3bn ) a year earlier .
Indeed , there was plenty to happy about , as demand for expensive adverts on mobile apps kept Google 's core ad business strong . However this was tempered after expenses jumped 27 percent to $ 24.7bn ( £17.4bn ) in the fourth quarter from the year-earlier period .
It is reported that this expense rise was partly down to Google 's heavy promotion of its Pixel 2 smartphone and YouTube TV service . Google also cut the price on other hardware ( speakers etc ) and added staff to its enterprise sales unit to help grow its cloud business , which is in third place behind AWS and Microsoft Azure .
And , according to Reuters , Google also spent a growing portion of revenue to keep the Google search engine as the default option on products and services such as Apple 's iPhone and Mozilla 's Firefox browser .
Schmidt Replacement
Meanwhile Alphabet announced the replacement of long-serving executive chairperson Eric Schmidt with board veteran John Hennessy as non-executive chairperson .
Hennessy , 65 , is a former Stanford University president and one of search engine company 's first users .
Indeed they joined Google 's board in 2004 months before the company went public , and they were also dean of Stanford 's engineering school when students Sergey Brin and Larry Page developed Google .
Eric Schmidt had announced in December 2017 that they would step down as the executive chairperson of Alphabet 's board of directors , and concentrate more on their philanthropy work .
Schmidt oversaw the huge corporate restructuring of Google in 2015 , until it eventually became a business unit of the holding company Alphabet , whose holdings now include Google , YouTube , Nest and Waymo .
Schmidt 's decision ended a 17-year run in which they played a central role in building a promising startup called Google into a global technology powerhouse .
They remain a board member and adviser on technical and science issues .
Think you know all about Google and Alphabet ? Try our quiz !
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Brit accused of cocaine smuggling refuses to speak to lawyers because they are believed to be terrified of South American drug cartels .
Sean Woods , 24 , from Liverpool , was arrested in Lima last month after police allegedly found 32kg ( 70lbs ) of cocaine , worth £4.5million , in their suitcase .
It is nearly three times the 11kg ( 24lbs ) found on “ Peru Two ” drug mules Michaella McCollum and Melissa Reid in 2013 .
They were sentenced to almost seven years behind bars .
But because of the size of their alleged haul , Woods is facing 15-25 years imprisonment on Aggravated Drug Smuggling charges .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Police sources in the Peruvian capital said they had been in the country for over two months before their arrest .
It is understood they have so far refused to co-operate with the investigation because they are afraid of being targeted by the ruthless gangs who control the country 's drug trade .
They are believed to have told police they are a computer technician but they have also said they have been suffering from serious financial troubles .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Woods was arrested in a shopping mall , dragging a large blue Samsonite suitcase packed full of cocaine .
They were pounced on as they pulled the heavy suitcase along in an area of the city which foreigners rarely visit .
Pictures released by the Peruvian police showed them handcuffed , wearing a purple t-shirt and matching shorts , with black trainers .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
And in exclusive video images obtained by the Daily Mirror , they told arresting officers they had no idea what was in the suitcase , which appears to be brand new .
They said : “ I do n't know what 's in it . They said to meet here at 1 o clock , I do n't know phones . I just wait here . ”
Police forced the lock of the case , revealing more than 30 white packages , which they tested for cocaine .
Since their arrest Woods has appeared in court in Lima for a brief preliminary hearing .
But they have so far refused to cooperate with prosecutors and could be held in custody for up to seven months before their case reaches trial .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
In 2013 , Michaella McCollum , from Northern Ireland , and Scot Melissa Reid were caught at Lima 's international airport trying to smuggle 11kg ( 24lbs ) of cocaine worth £1.5million out of Peru .
They claimed they were forced to carry the drugs by an armed gang . They got six years and eight months each after admitting smuggling , but were freed in 2016 after striking a deal with Peruvian authorities .
Investigators claim Woods was “ caught red-handed , ” saying each of the 31 packages were marked with the letter R , which is believed to represent a major drugs gang .
After their arrest last month a Foreign Office spokesperson said : ‘ We are providing consular assistance to a British national arrested in Peru and are in contact with the local authorities . ”
Rome , December 11 - Some 53 % of children abused to produce kiddy porn were aged 10 or less in 2016 , UNICEF said in a report titled 'childhood around the world 2017 : children of the digital age ' on Monday .
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have listed starting pitcher Steven Matz as day to day , hopeful they will not miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in their middle left finger .
Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz is n't expected to go on the disabled list .
Matz was injured while swinging the bat Tuesday in the top of the fourth . The bat flew out of their hand and pushed their middle finger far back . Though they doubled , the pain was too much for them to pitch the bottom half of the inning and they left the game .
Callaway said Matz 's injury does n't compare to Noah Syndergaard 's , one that forced the ace to the disabled list on the same day with a strained ligament in their right index finger .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Pickford is set to tie up their £30million move to Everton before the start of the Under-21 Euros on Friday .
Blues medics flew out to Poland , where keeper Pickford and the rest of the England squad are prearing for the tournament , on Wednesday to begin a medical examination as the club are keen to push the deal through before they go into action .
Although their transfer from relegated Sunderland can not officially be completed until the transfer window opens on July 1 , Pickford — set to become the most expensive English keeper ever — is thought to have already agreed personal terms .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
England is due to open their Euros campaign on Friday evening against Sweden , and Everton decided to get the medical out of the way ahead of that game .
Though the FA were quiet on the subject , Pickford is understood to have had the bulk of their medical on Wednesday night , with the process set to be completed this morning .
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
It is the first signing of a massive summer for the Goodison club , with boss Ronald Koeman prepared to spend big to ensure they have a squad capable of challenging for a top four spot while also competing in the Europa League .
Pickford will become the third most expensive keeper of all time , but former Toffees great Neville Southall believes the 23-year-old can still prove good value .
They tweeted : “ I think if we sign Pickford we have a bargain . What price saving 12 points a season . Potential to go all the way to world level . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A crowded bus was sliced in two by a speeding train after stalling on a level crossing , killing at least 21 people , including three children .
The horrifying smash saw part of the vehicle dragged 200ft along the track , and harrowing video of the aftermath shows bodies and belongings surrounding the wreckage .
It has emerged that the bus driver pleaded with men on board to help push it after it became stuck , but did not order passengers to evacuate .
The tragedy happened in the Vladimir region of Russia as the bus travelled from Kazakhstan to Moscow .
People onboard were woken by the terrified driver at around 3.30am , and dozens of people attempted to move it .
( Image : Barcroft Media )
( Image : TASS )
Then a railway crossing attendant at Pokrov station shouted : `` A train , a train ..... ''
They sounded an emergency alarm and the express train from St Petersburg to Nizhny Novgorod slowed but not enough to avoid appalling carnage .
The regional governor 's press secretary told RIA that the bus was going around a traffic jam when it arrived at the railroad crossing and stalled .
`` People inside the bus were sleeping , there were around 50 of them . The driver shouted and 34 people ran out of the bus to push it . They survived .
`` Those who remained in the bus died . It got literally torn apart , '' said Rita Shlyakhtina .
Alexander Kiryukhin , head of Health Department of Vladimir region , told TASS news agency : `` The latest report is that 19 people were killed in the crash , 34 people survived .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
`` The survivors are currently in a temporary shelter , they are getting food and psychological help .
`` A separate team is working on identifying bodies . Four of the injured passengers - two men , one five years old boy , one one or two years old girls - were taken to local Petushinskaya district hospital .
`` They are in grave condition . ''
Later Interfax cited officials putting the death toll at 21 .
A Russian Railways spokesperson said : `` A passenger bus was crossing railway lines next to Pokrov train station .
`` The bus stalled as it drove onto the rail lines . The railway crossing attendant immediately signaled an obstruction on the track .
`` The number 60 passenger train driver that was en route from St Petersburg to Nizhny Novgorod used emergency brakes and signaled emergency situation with lights and sirens .
`` The emergency brakes allowed the train to slow down to a minimal speed , but the distance was too short to allow a complete stop . ''
The bus was believed to be carrying Uzbek workers and their families . There were two drivers , both Kazakh citizens .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A desperate dad has told of the `` hardest moment of their life '' after their wife hanged themselves at their family home moments after send a heartbreaking final text .
Hayley Cayton , 34 , was found lifeless at the house they shared with husband John and their three young kids .
Now , devastated John , 44 , has spoken for the first time of their grief at the trauma .
`` I was rushing through the supermarket check-out as fast as I could . By the time I got home , there were ambulances outside . Hayley had hanged herself , '' the father-of-three said .
( Image : Focus Features )
Hayley was taken to hospital but died the following day - when they were due to go on a romantic holiday with John .
John , of Leyland , Lancs. , added : `` I had to tell our sons that their mummy had died and it was the hardest moment of my life . They have really struggled since losing their mum .
`` If anything positive can come from Hayley 's death I would like to raise awareness of mental illness and how important it is to have support . ''
Hayley posted a last group text to all their friends and family saying `` I am done fighting , bye for now . Love you lots '' hours before they hanged themselves in October last year .
The housewife had been battling mental illness for years .
They were diagnosed with emotional personality disorder in 2017 and had been assessed with `` chronic suicidal ideation '' after a series of attempts to self-harm .
Them mental health started to deteriorate after the premature birth of first child McKenzie in 2006 .
They were diagnosed with gastroschisis , with their bowel and colon outside of their body , and had to have surgery to remove large parts of their bowel .
( Image : Focus Features )
( Image : Focus Features )
But the baby developed a blood clot in their lung , was in hospital for months and had to be resuscitated on more than one occasion .
John , who is a window fitter , said : `` It was a very stressful time . We lived at the hospital . We saw our son almost die , several times . Somehow , we got through it and it made us stronger , but it was very hard , for Hayley , as a new mum .
`` Until we had children , Hayley was very bubbly and happy and nothing bothered them
`` Her mental health deteriorated , and they would try to kill herself , just out of the blue .
`` She was very impulsive and irrational . They became like two totally different people . ''
The couple , who met in 2002 and married three years later , had second son Harrison in 2008 and third child Elliot in 2010 .
But Elliot had a serious heart condition and , again , the family found themselves spending months in hospital .
( Image : Focus Features )
After Hayley was diagnosed with an ovarian cyst and had surgery in 2012 , they suffered seizures and depression .
John continued : `` Hayley began self-harming and they talked about suicide . I was so worried about them I was up the wall , trying to look after the boys , hold down a job and look after Hayley too .
`` I was living in a state of total panic .
`` She took an overdose . They went out one night to a motorway bridge and threatened to jump . They did the same at our local train station . They even tried to hang themselves in hospital .
`` There was no build up to the attacks – they were very impulsive and irrational . Once , we were having a cup of tea , chatting happily , and I nipped up to the loo . When I came downstairs , they were trying to strangle herself . They could n't explain why they did it or what was going through their head .
`` She became like two totally different people .
`` It was heart-breaking . I felt I was losing them – the boys were losing their mum – and there was nothing I could do . ''
( Image : Focus Features )
An inquest into Hayley 's death was held in April .
Recording a narrative conclusion , coroner James Newman said it was not clear whether Hayley had intended to take their own life or whether they assumed that somebody would reach them in time to save them
They said : `` She suffered for a long time with physical and psychological conditions and their coping strategy to stress were impulsive acts of self-harm .
'' She was regularly seen by mental health services and they did seem to show some signs of improving .
`` For whatever reason they appeared to have made another impulsive decision and sent out a family text saying they loved them and was found relatively shortly after .
`` She died by their own hands , however , the matter of intent is lacking in this instance . ''
Whatever you 're going through , the Samaritans are there to listen any time , free from any phone on 116 123 .
They are there round the clock , 24 hours a day , 365 days a year .
For more information on how they can help , visit their website here .
A teacher at Trinity Christian School in southwest suburban Shorewood is now facing felony charges after being accused of grooming an underage girl.According to the school 's website , 51-year-old Lemuel Elechicon of Crest Hill , Ill. , teaches middle school science and biblical creationism , and has taught at the school since 2004 . A school official said they were placed on administrative leave as soon as they were notified of the charges , and will remain on leave until the investigation is completed.Police said Elechicon sent inappropriate text messages to a 13-year-old girl , and tried to establish a physical relationship with them Authorities did not say if the girl is a student at Trinity Christian School.Administrators said they were notified of Elechicon 's arrest Friday , the same day they were taken into custody . Police said they were contacted by the child 's parents after learning about the text messages from the parents of one of their daughters ' friends.One woman who attends church at the school on Sundays said she 's left with many questions in the wake of this arrest . `` I do n't understand why we were n't informed when this happened on Friday . Maybe something should have been said during service on Sunday that this happened because I did n't know about this . I 'm just kind of concerned about my community and all the people that are involved , '' said Cynthia Nila , church member.The alleged text messages reportedly date as far back as January.According to their profile on a teacher website , Elechicon said he 's been active in church youth groups and said they currently attend Ridgewood Baptist Church in Joliet.ABC 7 Eyewitness News left a message at the church , but have not yet heard back from any officials .
New Delhi : Spanish giants Barcelona have agreed a deal with Chinese Guangzhou Evergrande to sign Brazilian midfielder Paulinho for 40 million Euros on Monday .
`` The new Barcelona player will sign for the next four seasons ( and ) the player 's buyout clause is set at 120 million Euros , '' Barcelona said in a statement .
`` Paulinho will undergo a club medical on Thursday ( when ) the signing of the contract and their official presentation will also take place . ''
It would be Barcelona 's first signing since they sold striker Neymar to Paris St-Germain for a world record GBP 200m .
Paulinho , now 29 , joined Tottenham for GBP 17m from Corinthians in 2013 and moved to China two years later .
Paulinho has established themselves as a regular in the Brazil side since the appointment of Tite as coach last year .
They have scored nine goals in 41 international appearances since making their debut in 2011 , and was a member of the squad that won the Confederations Cup in 2013 .
Barcelona have also made bids for Borussia Dortmund forward Ousmane Dembele and Liverpool attacking midfielder Philippe Coutinho .
`` Paulinho is a player who stands out for being a powerful midfielder at 1.82m tall who can get into the box and play anywhere in the middle of the park . They have plenty of experience in the game on various continents , '' Barcelona added .
This is a year Genevieve Fisher is unlikely to forget .
First , the 25-year-old country singer-songwriter saw their song , Take It On Home , break through the Top 40 country music charts after four successive songs reached the Top 50 .
A month later Fisher won the country music category at the Jack Richardson London Music Awards .
Then , the Country Music Association of Ontario announced Fisher and London native Jessica Mitchell were both nominated for the association 's female artist of the year award , later won by Meghan Patrick .
And , now , Fisher 's newest single , You Me We , is their second consecutive single to break into the Top 40 , up against Canadian and American country stars .
“ It 's just been amazing , ” said Fisher , who also found time along the way to get married to Brian Shaw .
“ This year 's been crazy .
How far You Me We will climb is anyone 's guess . So far , Fisher said it 's been a “ roller coaster ride ” with the tune .
“ Every song is different and you never know what 's going to happen , ” Fisher said . “ This was a tough song . I was getting worried because it was n't getting picked up ( by radio stations ) but then all of a sudden they started playing it . ”
Other songs by Fisher that made the Top 50 , but not beyond , include July ( 2012 ) , Shut Down This Day ( 2013 ) , Bad Enough ( 2013 ) and Night In Night Out ( 2014 ) .
The graduate of Western University 's Don Wright Faculty of Music was identified by the TopCountry.ca website , as one of the emerging country artists to watch in 2017 and they have not disappointed .
To date , there is no plan to put out an album . Fisher is an independent artist not signed to a ­label .
“ I want to make sure I 'm putting out songs that I really want to sing , ” said Fisher , who 's not opposed to signing with a label .
“ So I feel like there are more pluses to be an indie artist right now because you have the freedom to do what you want and when you want to do it . ”
Fisher said their calendar for next summer 's festival season is “ packed ” and they have n't yet heard if she 'll be performing at this year 's Country Music Association of Ontario 's awards gala being held in London June 3 at Centennial Hall .
“ I 'm not sure , but I would love to , ” said Fisher . “ It 'll be an interesting year and we 'll have to wait and see what happens . ”
jbelanger @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/JoeBatLFPress
An F-35 flight simulator sits dormant during a media event at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni , Japan , Feb. 15 , 2017 . The media event was put together as an opportunity for local Japanese reporters to get a first-hand look at how the simulators train pilots and enhance readiness . The simulators increase safety , proficiency and allow pilots to dynamically train without placing additional mechanical stress on the aircraft leading to safer flights . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl . Joseph Abrego )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.15.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 02:22 Photo ID : 3166504 VIRIN : 170215-M-ON157-0096 Resolution : 5760x3840 Size : 11.7 MB Location : MCAS IWAKUNI , YAMAGUCHI , JP Web Views : 8 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Local media gains new insight [ Image 1 of 17 ] , by LCpl Joseph Abrego , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
SPRINGFIELD -- Donations collected around Western Massachusetts were in the air Friday headed for Puerto Rico .
In Westfield , members of the Western Massachusetts United for Puerto Rico coalition loaded donations onto a plane at Barnes Regional Airport . Meanwhile , members of the the Air National Guard stopped in Holyoke and Springfield to collect more donations .
`` Everyone is mobilizing in unity and that 's a great thing to see , '' said state Rep. Carlos Gonzalez , D-Springfield , who helped load hundreds of boxes onto a private airplane in Westfield and later onto a military flatbed truck in Springfield .
Many of the items , including food and water collected at Nueva Esperanza in Holyoke and 70 Tapley St. in Springfield , will go to a central location where they will be properly sorted and sent to the island , said Gov . Charlie Baker . The governor was in Springfield Thursday to visit several schools .
`` We have been trying to figure out a process that would give people in Massachusetts an opportunity to contribute to the relief cause in Puerto Rico , because there are a lot of folks who have family and friends there and have been really worried about them , '' they said .
Once all donations are collected , the state will then rely on what the Federal Emergency Management Agency says it needs before sending items to the island .
`` We are also putting together an effort to greet people coming from Puerto Rico because their job is gone , their home is gone , their school is gone , and they may be coming here to stay with friends and family , '' Baker said , adding that people will be able to fill out paperwork at the airport for federal assistance .
`` We want to do what we can to make sure they transition successfully to the commonwealth , '' Baker said .
Sgt . Major Neale Clayton and members of the Air National Guard were in Springfield to collect water bottles , food and miscellaneous donations from the public .
`` We were issued an order last night and we were ready this morning . This is a testament to my citizen soldiers who took time off of work to do this mission . They go above and beyond all the time , '' Clayton said . `` This is a humanitarian effort and we want to do what we can to help . ''
At the same time , in Westfield , Agawam pilot Miguel Estremera was loading donations from area cities along with medical supplies from the Holyoke Health Center .
`` What we are doing now is getting desperately needed medical supplies directly to the island , '' said Estremera , who is Puerto Rican and has family on the island . `` Growing up there you have fond memories of the island and to see what 's going on now is very difficult . I am working with people in the community to make sure these needed items are getting directly to the hospitals in Puerto Rico . ''
Estremera flew to Puerto Rico Friday morning . They planned to return in the evening and make another trip Saturday .
On board Friday 's flight were the CEO of Holyoke Health Center , Jay Breines , and local doctor Alejandro Esparza-Perez . They planned to meet with medical officials in Puerto Rico to plan a response .
`` We can deliver a lot of things , but we do n't know what they need right now , so this is a strategic planning session , '' Breines said .
Relief efforts will continue for many months , but local leaders and organizers said they are grateful to the Western Massachusetts community for their generosity and support .
`` We could not have done this without all of the people who gave monetary donations , dropped off items at any of the city sites , or donated their time to help sort items , '' said Springfield City Councilor Adam Gomez . `` We are grateful to the mayor of Springfield and their team for making sites available for the public as well as this larger site on Tapley Street so we could house not only Springfield donations , but donations from Westfield and West Springfield as well . This has really been a community effort and now we know the items are getting to Puerto Rico and it 's a great feeling . ''
Uber has 285,000 active drivers . Photo : Mint
9.4 million
What is it ? The number of trips a week completed by Uber , a taxi aggregator , in July this year in India .
Why is it important ? This is 70 % higher than what was achieved in August 2016 . Faster growth rates indicate greater acceptance among urban Indians in 32 cities to use taxi aggregation service . This could lead to more job opportunities for taxi owners and drivers . Uber has 285,000 active drivers .
Tell me more : Fleet sales , including taxi aggregators , accounted for nearly one in 10 cars sold in India last calendar year . This is expected to increase to 15-17 % by 2020 .
750 tonnes
What is it ? The estimated gold imports by India in calendar 2017 , a third higher than last year 's 557.7 tonnes .
Why is it important ? It is an indirect indicator of the rural economy , as two-thirds of India 's gold demand comes from rural areas . A near perfect monsoon is predicted by the weather department , though some parts are experiencing excess rainfall and floods . Higher import would also increase India 's trade deficit , bringing pressure on the Indian rupee to lose value against the US dollar .
Tell me more : In the first seven months till July 2017 , India has imported 557.7 tonnes of gold as jewellers stocked fearing higher goods and service tax ( GST ) . That came true as gold attracts 3 % tax as compared to 1.2 % previously .
70
What is it ? The number of youths that have reportedly taken to militancy in the last seven months .
Why is it important ? Already , this is nearly 80 % of the 88 youths who joined the militant groups last year . This figure , which had dipped to 16 in 2013 from 54 in 2010 , has been on the rise since 2014—from 53 in 2014 to 66 in 2015 . According to some officials , the Pulwama-Shopian-Kulgam region has emerged as a centre for terrorist attacks and encounters recently . Burhan Wani , former commander of a Kashmir-based militant called Hizbul Mujahideen , whose killing last year brought on the worst violence in recent years , was from Pulwama . Wani 's successor Mehmood Ghaznavi was killed in an encounter in Shopian this weekend .
Tell me more : A total of 132 terrorists have been killed as on 9 August this year , the highest in the last seven years .
874
What is it ? The number of ratings downgrades of Indian companies in the first seven months of calendar 2017
Why is it important ? This indicates continued financial stress for India Inc. , which saw more than 2,500 ratings downgrades in 2016 . It means bad news for banks , which are saddled with stressed assets of Rs10 trillion , as ratings downgrade signals deterioration in repaying capacity and could increase the quantum of stressed assets .
Tell me more : The National Company Law Tribunal passed its first order to wind up two companies—VNR Infrastructures and Bhupen Electronic—under the new insolvency and bankruptcy code .
56
What is it ? The number of people who lost their lives due to a landslip in Himachal Pradesh , and floods in Assam , on Sunday alone .
Why is it important ? The flood situation continued to deteriorate in Assam , with Brahmaputra and 10 other rivers reporting water levels flowing above the danger mark in 15 places . The total death toll is now 99 . More than 2.2 million people in 21 districts are affected .
Tell me more : Lack of long-term planning to shift vulnerable population and poor infrastructure mean the phenomenon repeats itself frequently with loss of lives and livelihood .
howindialives.com is a search engine for public data
See who is being considered for the incoming administration on our Tracking the Transition page .
AT & T is accelerating its rollout of LTE-M , an IoT network that 's already being used to track shipping containers and pallets , monitor water use and connect fleets to the internet .
The carrier said Tuesday it will have nationwide LTE-M coverage in the U.S. by the middle of this year , six months ahead of schedule . Previously , AT & T had said LTE-M would cover the U.S. by year 's end .
That means everywhere in the country that AT & T has an LTE network , it will also offer LTE-M. By the end of the year , it will have LTE-M across Mexico too , creating a broad coverage area for businesses that operate on both sides of the border .
LTE-M is one of several LPWANs ( low-power , wide-area networks ) that are emerging to link sensors and other devices to the internet of things . It 's not as fast as the LTE that smartphones use , but it 's designed to allow for longer battery life , lower cost , smaller parts , and better coverage . LTE-M has a top speed of around 1Mbps ( bits per second ) upstream and downstream and a range of up to 100 kilometers ( 62 miles ) , including better penetration through walls .
AT & T is part of a wave of mobile operators considering or rolling out LTE-M. Others include Orange in France and SoftBank in Japan . AT & T launched its first commercial trial of LTE-M last October in San Ramon , California , and has since opened another in Columbus , Ohio .
Several companies are already using the network for enterprise and consumer applications , AT & T said . They include Capstone Metering , a supplier of wireless water meters ; RM2 , which makes storage pallets with sensors for monitoring inventory ; and PepsiCo , which is using LTE-M to collect usage data from soda fountains . Consumers can dispense their own blends of soda from these fountains , and PepsiCo uses sensors to keep the fountains stocked and learn what blends are popular .
There are already several emerging LPWAN systems from mobile operators and other service providers . The growing LoRaWAN , Sigfox and Ingenu technologies come from outside the traditional mobile industry .
LTE-M and another technology , NB-IoT , are based on LTE and are designed to run over carriers ' licensed spectrum . They may be the best options for enterprises concerned about interference and security , Ovum analyst Daryl Schoolar said .
Though alternative LPWAN providers got a head start as these LTE-based standards were developed , mobile operators can roll out the LTE technologies quickly because they often require nothing more than a software upgrade .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- One of the social media posts resembled a wanted poster or a missing-persons flyer : Photographs of men were arranged in rows , seeking their names and employers .
But the Facebook post was n't circulated by law enforcement in the search for a suspect or by relatives looking for a missing loved one . It was an example of ordinary people trying to harness the power of social media to identify and shame the white nationalists who attended last weekend 's violent rally in Charlottesville , Virginia .
A Twitter account dedicated to calling out racism identified people who attended the rally using photos culled from the news and social media and listed their places of employment and other information . The account with the handle YesYoureRacist was created by Logan Smith of Raleigh , North Carolina , who said their followers grew from around 64,000 on Saturday to more than 300,000 Monday afternoon .
Cole was part of the violent protests in Oakland back in May pic.twitter.com/yQQkTqXUMl -- Yes , You 're Racist ( @ YesYoureRacist ) August 12 , 2017
`` I 'm a white Jewish man . So I strongly believe that white people in particular have a responsibility to stand up against bigotry because bigotry thrives on silence , '' they told The Associated Press . `` It requires good people standing by and doing nothing . ''
A website created Sunday dedicated itself to collecting the names , social media profiles , colleges and employers of people photographed at the rally . At least one person has lost their job as a result .
Together , the efforts showed that angry online groups can be used to renounce racism as well as promote it .
`` The goal with online shaming is very short term and driven by people 's desire to feel as if they are fighting back and having an impact , '' said Brian Reich , who 's written several books on digital communications , behavior and political influence . `` They are afraid , appalled and they want to stop it . ''
But is it helpful ? Reich said those behind these efforts `` are arguably fanning the flames , '' giving attention to a group -- white supremacists -- that feeds on attention .
THE END OF ANONYMITY ?
Nicholas Brody , professor of communications at the University of Puget Sound , said the events show that in the age of social media , `` nothing is really anonymous anymore . ''
People attending a white supremacist rally decades ago may have had the comfort of knowing that their schools , employers and disapproving family members probably would n't find out about their activity .
These days , not only can information be quickly and widely shared , but a lot of data is available about people on Facebook , Twitter and LinkedIn . Image searches and facial-recognition technology , meanwhile , can make it relatively easy to identify people online . Smith said they called out the people pictured in photos from the rally through a combination of tips from former classmates and others and online sleuthing .
But the method is n't foolproof . In 2013 , users of Twitter and the website Reddit wrongly accused a man of being a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing . Reddit later apologized .
COLLEGE STUDENT IS EXPOSED
This angry young man is Peter Cvjetanovic , a student at @ unevadareno pic.twitter.com/7rLGJkcT3o -- Yes , You 're Racist ( @ YesYoureRacist ) August 12 , 2017
Peter Cvjetanovic , a 20-year-old college student , was photographed shouting with a group of torch-wielding protesters Friday during a march through the University of Virginia campus . Cvjetanovic said in a television interview that they did n't expect the photo to spread as widely as it did .
But spread it did . And thousands of people signed an online petition to have them kicked out of school . Cvjetanovic told a local TV station that they are `` not the angry racist they see in that photo , '' but a white nationalist who cares for all people .
The University of Nevada in Reno confirmed Monday that Cvjetanovic is a student there . Spokeswoman Kerri Garcia said the university is `` still monitoring the situation and reviewing information . ''
A message left for Cvjetanovic through the school was not returned . There was no telephone listing available for them in Reno .
Meanwhile , Top Dog , a hot dog company in the San Francisco area , said one of its employees resigned after being confronted by management about participating in the rally .
'DOXING ' AS INVITATION TO VIOLENCE
The practice of publishing private or identifying information -- such as an address or phone number -- about people online in an attempt to hurt , shame or abuse them is known as `` doxing . ''
In the 1990s , anti-abortion hackers infamously exposed abortion providers ' home addresses , photos and other information on a now-defunct website called the `` Nuremberg Files . '' Names that were greyed out indicated people who had been `` wounded . '' A strikethrough meant they had been killed .
Collecting and posting publicly available information , such as a photo of a person attending a public protest , is not the same thing , even if that can still hurt or shame people .
Paul Levinson , a communications professor and social media expert , called it a `` moral obligation '' to expose white supremacists for who they are , something for which social media provides a good opportunity .
Gordon Coonfield , communications professor at Villanova University , said there is an important difference in the reasons people get doxed .
`` Doxing an advocate of racial equality is an implicit -- and often explicit -- call for violence against them , '' they said in an email . `` Doxing a white nationalist is a call for accountability . Compelling individuals to be accountable for their words and deeds online or off is not a threat to freedom of expression . It is the foundation of freedom of expression . ''
Case in point , Smith said , they have received many death threats because of their Twitter posts , so he 's going to consider whether to continue .
`` They got ahold of all my personal info and have been threatening me and my family and even my wife 's family , '' they said .
Of course , mere presence at a rally does not imply willing participation . Tiki Brand Products , whose torches were used and widely photographed during the rally , took to Facebook to distance itself from the march .
`` We do not support their message or the use of our products in this way , '' the company wrote on its Facebook page . Our products are designed to enhance backyard gatherings and to help family and friends connect with each other at home in their yard . ''
Written by Barbara Ortutay , AP Technology Writer . Associated Press Writer Jonathan Drew contributed to this story from Raleigh , North Carolina .
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have selected the musical acts who will perform at their wedding service .
The loved-up couple are set to tie the knot at St George 's Chapel at Windsor Castle on May 19 , and they have chosen James Vivian , the Director of Music at the chapel , to lead the musical performances on their wedding day .
They said : `` The Choristers , Lay Clerks , Organists and I are very much looking forward to this exciting day and are pleased to be performing at the service music chosen by the couple . We are also looking forward to welcoming to St George 's musical colleagues from near and far who will be performing at this very special and joyful occasion . ''
On the day , James will direct the Choir of St George 's Chapel , which comprises up to 23 boy choristers from St George 's School and 12 Lay Clerks , who will sing alto , tenor and bass .
Another of the confirmed performers is Sheku Kanneh-Mason , a 19-year-old cellist who won BBC Young Musician 2016 and made their BBC Proms debut the following year .
They said : `` I 'm so excited and honored to perform at Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle 's wedding . I was bowled over when Ms. Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony , and of course I immediately said yes ! What a privilege to be able to play the cello at such a wonderful event . I ca n't wait ! ''
Karen Gibson and the Kingdom Choir , a Christian gospel group from England , have also been invited to perform at the wedding service .
Meanwhile , the Orchestra - which is conducted by Christopher Warren-Green - will perform with Welsh soprano Elin Manahan Thomas and trumpeter David Blackadder .
Luke Bond , the Assistant Director of Music of St George 's Chapel , is set to play the organ , with State Trumpeters from all ranks of the Band of the Household Cavalry set to provide ceremonial support .
A statement on the Kensington Palace Twitter account explained : `` Both Prince Harry and Ms. Markle have taken a great deal of interest and care in choosing the music for their Service , which will include a number of well-known hymns and choral works . ( sic ) ''
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Enner Valencia came off the bench , to start an important new year for Everton in style .
The Blues have a new investor in Farhad Moshiri who has promised not only to invest hundreds of millions in the team , but also start the build of a new stadium in 2017 if at all possible , to suggest a new dawn for the club .
Yet it was a player who cost Everton nothing – in the form of a loan deal – who stole the headlines and condemned Southampton to defeat , when they fired home from close range just 10 minutes after coming on , and then won a penalty to confirm victory .
( Photo : PA Wire )
It was one of the few bright periods of a tense game . First Fraser Forster saved Romelu Lukaku 's header brilliantly , but was unlucky to see it flick off the big Everton striker and fall to the West Ham striker , who bundled the ball home .
Then Maya Yoshida came through the back of Valencia on the edge of the box as the striker controlled , and Leighton Baines converted in style .
( Photo : REUTERS )
( Photo : REUTERS )
Even the previously disappointing Romelu Lukaku got in on the act when they scored a third on the stroke of full time , as Saints ' Christmas programme caught up with them .
Here are five things we learned .
1 . Saints miss Van Dijk
( Photo : REUTERS )
Southampton is solid but unremarkable this season , which is no wonder , given they almost automatically lose their best players , once they show any form .
Van Dijk was missing here , and in the end , they paid the price for theirs absence .
2 . Rodriguez back in form
( Photo : Clive Brunskill )
It 's beginning to look a lot like Rodriguez .
Jay has suffered incredible torment with injuries after so many struggles with injury .
It has taken them six months , but their old instinct is back , and 2017 could see them return to the England fold .
3 . Davies shines for Toffees
( Photo : PA Wire )
Everton 's kids have promise , but the Premier League is a tough crowd to break .
Tom Davies looks energetic and neat in the middle , but in these days when the money is available to buy quality , the competition is hot .
4 . Williams getting back to their best
( Photo : REUTERS )
Ashley Williams is a fine buy for the Blues , even if their best years are probably behind him .
They change partner virtually every week , and had to nurse the struggling Funes Mori here , but theirs is a leader and that is important .
5 . Festive period takes its toll
( Photo : REUTERS )
Is it any wonder teams look listless in the New Year , after a programme of so many games over the festive period .
Yes , they did it in the past , but they did n't run 15km a game back then , or have the athleticism of today . It needs changing .
Player ratings
Everton
Joel 6 - Little to do in first half , and made important save late on
Coleman 7 - Usual amount of energy , and impressively kept it going
Williams 7 - Led by example with strong showing at heart of defence
Funes Mori 6 - Given trouble by Rodriguez but battled to stick to task
Baines 7 - So consistent and also showed great urgency going forward
Gueye 7 - Last game for a while , and did n't disappoint with commitment
Davies 6 - Looked at home in hurly burly of Premier League , one to watch
Calvert-Lewin 5 - Sadly , did n't have time to make mark after early injury
Barkley 7 - MOTM . Again showed signs that their struggles are not so difficult
Lennon 6 - Did great job covering running back , less influence up front
Lukaku 6 - Their laconic appearance causes frustration amongst the fans
Subs : Mirallas 6 ( Calvert-Lewin 12 ) , Valencia 6 ( Lennon 62 ) , Barry 6 ( Barkley 85 )
( Photo : Getty Images )
( Photo : Clive Brunskill )
Southampton
Forster 6 - Not troubled much in sterile game , unlucky to be beaten twice
Cedric 5 - Unlucky to bash head in hoarding , and carried off early
Fonte 7 - Led by example with intelligent display at the back
Yoshida 6 - Difficult job deputising van Dijk , but solid enough in defence
McQueen 6 - Big powerful lad who looks like will develop into real talent
Ward-Prowse 6 - Tidy display in the heart of midfield , needs to kick on now
Romeu 6 - Hard work and unflashy in the middle in dour central battle
Clasie 6 - Little man with big heart , also has ability to control game 's pace
Redmond 6 - One outstanding chance in first half , but headed wide
Rodriguez 7 - Looks like they are slowly coming back to top pre-injury levels
Tadic 6 - Saw so little of ball but on rare occasions had flashes of quality
Subs : Stephens 6 ( Cedric 6 ) , Boufal 6 ( Tadic 67 ) , Long 6 ( Clasie 78 )
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME 29-year-old man shot in Wilmington | 0:32 Police say the victim of a shooting on Vandever Avenue early Tuesday is in stable condition . They had been shot in the thigh . William Bretzger/The News Journal 1 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Raw Video : Police agencies investigate explosion in Elsmere | 0:30 Several law enforcement agencies are assisting Elsmere Police in an incident in the 700 block of Baltimore Avenue . 3/12/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 2 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Shooting in Ogletown injures one early Friday morning | 0:24 One person was injured in a shooting in the Chestnut Hill Estates in Ogletown early Friday morning . William Bretzger and Daniel Sato/The News Journal 3 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Home invasion leads to drug dealing arrest | 1:40 After three men break into Thomas Brook 's home , shots were fired . Police respond to the shooting , and discover heroin , cocaine , and an illegal handgun . Courtesy of Delaware Department of Justice 4 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME ID Channel to run feature on Fahey murder | 1:15 The ID channel will air a new episode of `` Vanity Fair Confidential '' dedicated to the Thomas Capano trial on Monday night . 2/26/18 Courtesy of Investigation Discovery 5 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Wilmington police : Market St. death under investigation | 0:22 Police are investigating the death of a person found Sunday morning in Wilmington . 2/26/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 6 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME One shot Wednesday night in Wilmington | 0:29 Wilmington police investigate at Lancaster Avenue and South Clayton Street after a man was shot in the back Wednesday night . Jerry Habraken/The News Journal 7 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Youth arrested in Middletown shooting death | 0:33 Middletown police say a juvenile male is in custody and will be charged in the shooting death of a man Sunday night . 2/19/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 8 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Restaurant owner charged with raping an underage employee | 0:39 Marco Rizzo is also charged sexually assaulting an employee in 2016 and also with attempting to dissuade a person from giving testimony at a proceeding . 2/15/18 Esteban Parra & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 9 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Two found dead in Brandywine Village home | 0:26 Wilmington police are investigating the deaths of two people at a home in Wilmington 's Brandywine Village neighborhood . John J. Jankowski Jr. and Daniel Sato 10 of 10 Last VideoNext Video 29-year-old man shot in Wilmington
Raw Video : Police agencies investigate explosion in Elsmere
Shooting in Ogletown injures one early Friday morning
Home invasion leads to drug dealing arrest
ID Channel to run feature on Fahey murder
Wilmington police : Market St. death under investigation
One shot Wednesday night in Wilmington
Youth arrested in Middletown shooting death
Restaurant owner charged with raping an underage employee
Two found dead in Brandywine Village home
Shawn Barber was charged with theft less than $ 1,500 where a victim is 62 years of age ; theft less than $ 1,500 ; 10 counts of attempted theft less than $ 1,500 ; 10 counts of third-degree criminal trespassing ; and criminal mischief . ( Photo : DSP )
State police have charged two in connection with a series of vehicle break-ins which took place throughout the Dover and Camden area over more than a month .
Fifteen break-ins occurred between Feb. 2 and March 16 , police said . Nine of them occurred on March 16 in the 3000 block of Upper King Road in Dover .
Detectives identified Dover residents Shawn Barber , 42 , and Christina Jarman , 32 , as suspects . Barber was arrested at Jarman 's home . Jarman turned themselves on Monday .
Christina Jarman was charged with theft less than $ 1,500 where a victim is 62 years of age ; theft less than $ 1,500 ; 10 counts of attempted theft less than $ 1,500 ; 10 counts of third-degree criminal trespassing ; and criminal mischief . ( Photo : DSP )
They were charged with theft less than $ 1,500 where a victim is 62 years of age ; theft less than $ 1,500 ; 10 counts of attempted theft less than $ 1,500 ; 10 counts of third-degree criminal trespassing ; and criminal mischief .
Barber was committed to the James T. Vaughn Correctional Institution in lieu of $ 8,725 secured bail . Jarman was released on $ 10,250 unsecured bail .
KEEP READING
Police investigating shooting threat at Newark High School
Police : rumors of threat to DE 'DuPont school ' unfounded
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/03/19/two-charged-15-dover-camden-car-break-ins/438305002/
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City fans were left frustrated last night after a lacklustre performance that had Lee Johnson deeming their Robins as lacking ‘ heart ' and ‘ posing ' .
Heavily tipped to get a result against a Bolton side built on a shoestring now was a good time to go to the Macron Stadium .
But as ever , in football , let 's not let the final 1-0 result over-cloud everything .
Yes , City did n't do enough to win and were second in several areas of the match with Ben Alnwick only called upon to make one save in the full 90 minutes plus .
The Robins did have chances to score .
Bobby Reid was close to netting Ben Alnwick 's spill from Famara Diedhiou 's second half header , while the Bristolian birthday boy was n't able to prod in from close range following a scramble in the first half following a Jamie Paterson free-kick .
City also had two decent penalty shouts , but neither incident looked clear-cut enough to make my think referee Andy Madley would take to the whistle .
Johnson error
I 've not criticised head coach Lee Johnson much in my after game analysis this season but I felt the Robins gaffer made a couple of errors yesterday .
City lacked urgency and intensity until they were behind , and looked better with Korey Smith in central midfield .
That 's not to downplay the contribution of Josh Brownhill , either , who was excellent and one bright spot for the Robins .
And secondly I found the substitutions and tactical changes odd .
Why with 15 minutes to go were City 's three most consistent attackers withdrawn from the sharp end of City 's attack with the side in desperate need of a goal ?
Reid had been pulled back into the middle of the pitch away from the danger area , Famara Diedhiou was withdrawn for Gustav Engvall and Jamie Paterson subbed off too .
Every side needs its ‘ go to ' men for the important moments but City were left with ‘ gone where ? ' men - an untried front pairing for the final stages , with neither Gustav Engvall nor Lois Diony having adapted to the Championship yet and without a goal to their name at that level .
I rate those pair , do n't get me wrong . Their time will come , but yesterday was too soon .
Johnson got that wrong and I think they might even admit it on reflection and aided by the video analysis after the game that the analysts and Frank Fielding took in just above me at the Macron .
I asked the head coach about their substitutions following the game and they admitted that they wanted to freshen things up and get as many goals-corers on the pitch as possible .
That 's fair enough , though City were creating little yesterday . With few opportunities coming should they not be falling to your most trusted lieutenants ?
Credit to Bolton who were always going to scrap for their lives and showed once again that they 're a long way from dead and buried .
Super Sammy
The Whites ' resurrection continues via the shrewd Phil Parkinson who sold Gary Madine and then got a such a tune out of Sammy Ameobi that they took the man of the match accolade .
The Nigerian attacker made nine successful dribbles – way above anyone in the game – and Nathan Baker was sorely missed in the respect of getting physical and stopping the opposition one way or another .
And while Joe Bryan could have done more to stop the match-winning breakaway , the full-back did not have the poor game that some decried . The Bristolian combined well with Kent to flash several dangerous crosses over in the first half and won their fair share of tackles at other times .
On another day , City might have grabbed an undeserved win up in Greater Manchester .
Last night , just as Johnson said , they lacked character and heart . Not something we 've seen much of this season .
A point would have been great even but instead City will need to get their game going against Sunderland at home to arrest a poor bout of form ( just one win in the last nine games , all competitions ) that risks derailing promotion hopes .
The goals have dried up away from home after some swashbuckling games earlier in the season at Ipswich , Wolves , Brentford , Hull and Fulham .
The Robins could n't break down the Trotters and failed to score on the road for a third consecutive Championship game , last netting just once at QPR before Christmas in away league fixtures .
Diedhiou has been badly missed and is easing themselves back into the side after injury , while Diony and Engvall need time to adapt . Reid will come good again soon if played in attack consistently .
Paterson too will benefit from having both Smith and Brownhill restored into midfield with both able to play that ‘ give and go ' style that they do . The combinations will come and better service will arrive .
City fans will need to be patient with this team , the new players and Johnson himself .
I do n't doubt that the upward trajectory will continue soon but it 'll take time to rectify and get back into the groove consistently .
The force is strong in the UK with a new Star Wars exhibition world tour bringing a whole new experience to fans - and set to be a top Father 's Day destination this weekend .
For almost 40 years , audiences around the world have followed the adventures of Anakin and Luke Skywalker , cinema 's most famous father and son duo .
Now comes STAR WARS Identities , a redefined modern exhibition experience in which visitors can rediscover the unforgettable characters of Star Wars in a whole new way .
Developed and produced by Montreal 's X3 Productions in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd. , the exhibition - at London 's O2 to September 3 - makes use of an extensive archive collection from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art to explore the sciences of identity through the characters of StarWars .
The stunning collection of some 200 props , models , costumes and artwork from the original Star Wars films , an interactive identity quest , and insightful scientific content , will all work together in STAR WARS Identities to follow the dramatic journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker .
TICKETS : For full details , schedule and ticket information , visit , www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com .
Visitors can develop a better understanding of what makes the characters of Star Wars who they are , and at the same time explore their own identity with one question : What forces shape you ?
“ This exhibition offers a fresh perspective on the beloved characters of Star Wars , ” says Jacques-André Dupont , President and Executive Producer of X3 Productions .
“ We get a deeper understanding of their identities , and , at the same time , we get a deeper understanding of our own .
The collection , the interactive components , and the scientific content work hand in hand here to create a seamless and exciting experience for our visitors . It 's a character-driven adventure into identity . ”
STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Working with the Montréal Science Centre and a committee of scientific advisors , exhibition developers of STAR WARS Identities divided the study of identity into three major themes : the origins of the characters , the influences that shape them , and the choices they make during their life . Within these three themes , ten components of human identity are explored : species , genes , parents , and culture in Origins ; mentors , friends , and marking events in Influences ; and occupation , personality , and values in the final zone , Choices .
These components form the backbone of the exhibition , exploring the complex notion of identity both in the real world and in creative fiction . Original content throughout the exhibition will shed light on each of the components of identity ; simultaneously , “ making-of ” featurettes explore the stories behind the development of many iconic Star Wars characters , explaining how they became who they are , and showing how different creative choices could have made them different characters altogether .
The vast and exclusive collection of some 200 objects from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art features props , models , costumes , and artwork from the original Star Wars films . This rich collection spans the original Star Wars canon , drawing from the classic ( 1977-1983 ) and prequel ( 1999-2005 ) trilogies , the animated series The Clone Wars , as well as a few artefacts from the recently released StarWars : The Force Awakens . Fan favourites like Darth Vader , R2-D2 , Chewbacca , Boba Fett , Yoda , and the Millennium Falcon – among many others – are sure to delight visitors of all generations .
STAR WARS Identities puts the visitor at the centre of the exhibition experience with an interactive identity quest that spans the duration of the visit .
Yoda at STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Closely interwoven with the collection and the educational content , this unique interactive experience will use technology to help visitors of all ages create their own personal and original Star Wars identity by incorporating elements of their own identity with fictional elements . Visitors will then leave with their own unique character inspired by the Star Wars universe and with a deeper understanding of the exhibition 's central theme .
In order to develop the exhibition 's scientific content , X3 Productions has collaborated with the Montréal Science Centre content experts to gather a team of specialists from a variety of scientific fields , including genetics , neuropsychology , health sciences , and psychology . Their knowledge and expertise have shaped the exhibition 's structure , and their input has been essential in developing its scientific content and in ensuring that its investigation into identity is up to date and firmly grounded in the sciences .
The Star Wars movies have broken box office records and won countless awards over the decades , but it is in the public 's imagination that the franchise has truly made its mark by enchanting audiences of all ages and establishing itself as a cultural touchstone across the world . The films continue to resonate today because of their universality : we identify with the characters of Star Wars , and we recognise ourselves in their journeys .
TICKETS : For full details , schedule and ticket information , visit , www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com .
Costumes on display at STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Galli Cricket : An Escape
Our relationship with the unofficial national sport is much more than a passing fancy
@ vedant15498 by vedantja Opinion 14 Aug 2017 , 09:36 IST
Unmemorable days are spent chained to computers and textbooks , waiting to the bat with childish abandon
Buildings . Faceless and numerous . Plentiful . Boring . Buildings are boring . If there was one thing I could change about Mumbai , it would be the buildings . Not poverty or hunger . That would be too meaningful . Buildings .
All they do all day is stand there , not being parks . Old buildings look fed up , hunched over in narrow gallis , stained with acid rain and years of parasitic occupants . Newer ones look pleased with themselves ; smug . Bright and artificial , with their fancy clubhouses and promises of a better life . At night , they form constellations of shining lights in the distance– an image never forms .
Walking through the roads , the buildings swallow you whole , a fish-eye view of a world trapped by brick and concrete . It 's a sickness that grows with each passing day , being trapped between the buildings . In the years spent with every day more similar to the last , the streets grow narrower , the buildings larger , more cavernous and dangerous .
They eat you alive , the buildings . they feed on the repetition , the ambling life of dreams unfulfilled . Every frustrated scream not screamed , every thought of going away not lived is another day of substandard bliss . And yet , in this suburban patchwork of boring grey and hellish brown there lives a cure to the growing resentment of routine and habits of the place you lived and loved but never really lived at all : galli cricket .
My Eden Gardens lies in the undergrowth of Mumbai 's concrete jungle , tucked away behind the iconic Imperial Towers
The buildings looked down upon me . Each one more daunting than the last , a virtual who 's who of the Mumbai skyscraper community . Antilla , check , Imperial Towers , check . Like stern parents , they strongly disapproved of the game I was playing . And every time a wind blew , they whispered , “ Galli cricket is for children ” .
The wind cooled warm nights and heated arguments in the vacant basketball court , but brought with it the cruel suggestion of rain . Games ran long into the nights , powered by malfunctioning lights and intense competition . The crack of a tennis ball leaving low-quality willow is unmistakable , the dangerous sign of a batsman hitting ripe form .
Nobody was safe in the confines of the court– from flying balls or thinly veiled sledging . Excuses are made to parents and girlfriends to stay that one game longer , to live in fantasy that one hour more .
Whatsapp groups with weird names and terrible jokes bring an oddball group of friends together . There is always the one who makes sure everyone comes , the one who is perpetually late , the one who will argue every time they are out and the one who nobody really knows . There 's customs and habits and rivalries that form and break with the whim of an impromptu draft pick .
Equipment is fluid .
Bats vary from age old size 4 bats with no grip to a Grade One English Willow Kookaburra . Balls range from standard tennis balls , which have no place in galli cricket , in my opinion , to the beauties made by the men and women at Headly ( no connection with sports brand , Headley , incidentally ) . In fact , most of the playing conditions are fluid : number of players , bounds , runs , weather , mood . The only thing that is constant in that furnace of a cricket field is the feeling of tapping my bat in the makeshift crease . With every tap , I am transported into a different time and place , a different reality . In that moment , as I transcend from self to the cricketer of my imagination , as I bat through the fear of time passing too fast , I realise that this feeling , this freedom from the buildings that have haunted me all my life is what I really want and in my mind I scream at the city from my secluded vantage point in the middle of all these buildings .
“ Take me away on a long vacation ; take me to grounds I have never seen . Take me to my imagination , where there are crowds cheering for me . Whisk me away from their hellish , monotonous place , with all the buildings in the world , and take me to a place with strange rules and stranger people , tall and short , old and young , fat and thin . Drag me , kicking and screaming , to that oasis of novelty , where things happen that have not happened before , where history is not playing over and over on repeat like some demented dream . Bring me to the gallis and the compounds , where bats , balls and banter are shared , to live a different life . One where I 'm not just a face in the crowd , but one where I am a king my own fortunes . Take me , Mumbai , through your uncoordinated roads and traffic , to the place where I will be whole . Take me to the games of cricket played on the street , the hours spent in covered in dirt and mud , appealing and bickering , hitting sixes and taking wickets that go unrecorded . Take me to that place , where rules , fields , players and luck is temporary , that place impervious to the reeling head of routine , before it is too late . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A loved up couple have hit back at the strangers they claim verbally abuse them in the street because of their 19-year age gap .
Stephanie Jarvis , 24 , and Andrew Bird , 43 , met four years ago and say they have been repeatedly mistaken for father and daughter .
The pair , from Inverness , Scotland , claim they have been taunted by strangers who call dad-of-three Andrew a 'cradle snatcher ' and refer to Stephanie as a 'gold digger ' .
After first meeting in the cafe where Stephanie was waitering , they got engaged in 2013 and have now started planning their wedding .
The couple , who have the full support of their families , insist their relationship is no different to any other .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
Stephanie , a coach driver , said : `` When we 're out in public together , holding hands , we get called all sorts .
`` Andrew has been called a cradle snatcher , and a child fiddler , and I often get called a gold digger .
`` We just try and shake it off because it tends to be more awkward for the person who is saying those things , especially when they see we 're not bothered .
`` Having the support of my parents , and even Andrew 's children , is the most important thing . If our loved ones are n't bothered , then why should anyone else be ? ''
After falling in love Stephanie moved from the remote Orkney Islands , Scotland , to be with Andrew , also a coach driver , in Inverness .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
Stephanie added : `` One month after we had met , and I had closed the door on my previous unhappy relationship , Andrew asked me if I would run away with them to their home town .
`` I packed up my stuff and went to be with him , because I did n't want to be without him .
`` I left behind my mother , father and brother - but I called my mum to let them know about Andrew , I just said 'but I 'm nervous to tell you- he 's older than me ! ' ''
( Image : Caters News Agency )
They continued : `` My mother and I were a bit dubious at first because I was only 20 at the time , but then everyone started to notice how well they were treating me , and how happy I was - and that 's all that mattered .
`` Since I moved three years ago , I have trained to become a coach driver , we 've got engaged and we 've started planning our wedding . ''
Despite having acceptance from their family , and even being called 'Mumma J ' by Andrew 's three children , the couple have had their fair share of horrible comments .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
Stephanie added : `` The most poignant memory that I have of us being mistaken for father and daughter was when we went to a fair ground .
`` I took their children on one of the rides and Andrew was holding the bags , and I ride attendant asked if 'daddy is paying ? '
`` I simply replied , 'no , but my fiance is , ' and the attendant just went completely bright red - they were more embarrassed than us .
`` We also get the horrible comments and dirty looks , but we 're not bothered . We 're happy and that 's all that matters - it 's no one else 's business . ''
'Racism Is Evil ' : Trump Denounces The KKK , Neo-Nazis And White Supremacists On Monday President Trump called the KKK , neo-Nazis and white supremacists `` repugnant . '' On Saturday , they initially failed to specifically denounce the groups in the wake of the Charlottesville , Va. , violence .
ISLAMABAD : A special team of the National Accountability Bureau ( NAB ) is likely to depart for Dubai and London during the next week to obtain crucial documents about the offshore properties of Sharif family , it was learnt on Friday .
Sources aware of the development said NAB had written numerous letters to the governments of the UAE , Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Britain , seeking important documents about the offshore companies , assets , and properties of the Sharif family . So far , NAB has received green signals from London and Dubai over its requests regarding the provision of the documents . These documents will be made part of the references against Sharifs , said sources .
“ Final references will be filed in the accountability court after obtaining necessary documents from London , Saudi Arabia and Dubai about the offshore properties of Sharif family , while details of witnesses will also be incorporated in the references , ” the sources added .
It was also learnt that necessary visa process of the special team of NAB has been completed after getting the approval of NAB Chairman Qamar Zaman Chaudhry .
Sources also informed that NAB has delivered non-bailable arrest warrants of Hassan Nawaz , Hussain Nawaz and Captain ( retd ) Safdar , while a bailable arrest warrant of Maryam Nawaz has been delivered at Jati Umra , which is also forwarded to Pakistan 's High Commissioner in London through foreign office . They further revealed that international coordination wing of NAB has been advised to deliver the warrants to the accused presently living in London flats . NAB has also sought immigration report of the said four accused from Federal Investigation Agency ( FIA ) , apparently to meet the prerequisite of issuing red warrants and officially confirming that said accused persons are living abroad .
It is important to note here that all the four accused—Hassan Nawaz , Hussain Nawaz and Captain ( retd ) Safdar , except Maryam Nawaz—will have to approach the high court prior to their appearance on October 9 in the hearing of accountability court . Moreover , in case of their absence from hearing , NAB will present FIA a report requesting the accountability court to declare the four accused as proclaimed offender .
It is worth mentioning here that as per international laws , NAB will write a letter to interior ministry for the issuance of red warrants of the accused after the accountability court declares them as proclaimed offender . Later , the ministry will approve the issuance of the red warrant on NAB 's recommendation . Furthermore , these red warrants will be forwarded to Interpol through the FIA .
According to sources , a legal team of the government is working hard to get cancellation of arrest warrants from the Islamabad High Court ( IHC ) , while necessary work to successfully get bail from IHC is also under process . However , the chances of all four accused appearing on October 9—during the hearing of accountability court—are few and far between .
NAB investigation against Sharif family over making assets beyond the known sources of income has been speeded up ostensibly due to a deadline already set by the Supreme Court to file references in the accountability court .
BATON ROUGE , La . — Tremont Waters had 27 points and a season-high 11 assists as LSU defeated Arkansas 94-86 in a Southeastern Conference game Saturday .
The Tigers ( 13-9 , 4-6 ) never trailed after Daryl Edwards ' 3-pointer put them ahead 13-12 less than eight minutes into the game . The Razorbacks ' deficit was less than six points on just two occasions after halftime .
Waters , who had scored fewer than nine points in five of LSU 's last seven games , was 7 of 14 from the field with four 3-pointers . The 27 points were the most for Waters against an SEC opponent this season . Waters also made a season-high nine foul shots in ten attempts .
`` We came out sharing the ball a lot , '' Waters said . `` I felt like the offence was going to come , so we had to focus on defence a lot more . Hitting the 3s gave us momentum . We are a shooting team . We just have to come out and know that we can make those and not second guess ourselves . ''
Four other Tigers players scored in double figures led by Aaron Epps with 16 points . Skylar Mays had 15 points , while Edwards had 14 and Brandon Sampson had 13 . LSU made a season-high 15 shots from behind the 3-point line .
`` We were saving up our makes for that game , '' LSU coach Will Wade said . `` Anytime you shoot it well like that you should win . We shot it well from 3 . We shot it well from the free-throw line . Tremont played well . There 's not a whole lot else you can say . It was a good win and we needed it . ''
Daryl Macon was the top scorer for Arkansas ( 15-8 , 4-6 ) with 22 points . Jaylen Barford added 15 points . Both Anton Beard and Trey Thompson had 11 points , while Daniel Gafford had 10 .
`` LSU shot the ball extremely well , '' Arkansas coach Mike Anderson said . `` It was n't a defensive game . It was more of an offensive showcase . Waters did a good job of getting the ball to the right people . Those guys did a good job of spotting up and knocking down shots . They shot it with confidence . ''
BIG PICTURE
Arkansas : The Razorbacks ' NCAA tournament hopes took a hit as they lost for the fifth time in six SEC road games this season . Arkansas ' only conference road victory came in double overtime at Georgia .
Is Sandro Wagner the man to replace Mario Gomez as Germany 's spearhead ?
We use Opta data to assess whether or not Hoffenheim striker Sandro Wagner is the right man to succeed Mario Gomez for Germany .
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017 , 22:15 IST
Hoffenheim striker Sandro Wagner in action for Germany
Germany coach Joachim Low is largely treating the Confederations Cup as a chance to blood a fresh generation of talent ahead of next year 's World Cup .
But an experimental squad also includes Hoffenheim forward Sandro Wagner , who at 29 is a relative late bloomer in terms of international football .
Wagner is one of only two out-and-out strikers to have been named in Joachim Low 's squad for the tournament , along with Timo Werner of RB Leipzig .
Experienced Wolfsburg striker Mario Gomez has typically won the place up front since the retirement of Miroslav Klose , but Wagner and Werner will have the chance to impress in Russia .
Wagner appears to be at the front of the queue - they started Germany 's last two international matches - but how do their statistics match up when compared to Gomez ?
COMPARING MEDALS
Gomez : Three Bundesliga titles , two DFB-Pokals , one Champions League , one DFL-Supercup , one Turkish Super Lig
Wagner : One Bundesliga title , one DFB-Pokal
Gomez has the edge when it comes to medals , with two of their league titles and both DFB-Pokal triumphs coming with Bayern , while Wagner 's medals were also won with Die Roten but they were little more than a bit-part player at Bayern .
International success has eluded Gomez , though . In 2014 , Gomez – also a league winner with Stuttgart and Besiktas – was omitted from Germany 's World Cup-winning squad , while they were a runner-up with Die Mannschaft at Euro 2008 .
Individual accolades have also come Gomez 's way , with the 31-year-old being named German Footballer of the Year in 2007 , while they were the Bundesliga 's top scorer in the 2010-11 season .
3 - Sandro Wagner ( @ achtzehn99_en ) was man of the match for Germany - they scored their first hat-trick for @ DFB_Team_EN . Machine . # GERSMR pic.twitter.com/oElpFpzSXq — OptaFranz ( @ OptaFranz ) June 10 , 2017
LAST SEASON 'S STATS
Gomez in the Bundesliga :
33 games
16 goals
84 shots
680 passes
29 fouls won
Wagner in the Bundesliga :
31 games
11 goals
65 shots
794 passes
84 fouls won
15 - In 2016 birthday boy Sandro Wagner ( @ achtzehn99 ) is the best German scorer in @ Bundesliga_EN . Striker . pic.twitter.com/rD5xTOB6XJ — OptaFranz ( @ OptaFranz ) November 29 , 2016
While Gomez was a more prolific goalscorer , Wagner 's statistics for last season 's Bundesliga campaign suggest they may have a stronger all-round game .
Wagner won far more fouls than Gomez and completed over 100 more passes , while their passing accuracy at 63.1 per cent is also slightly better than Gomez 's 62.7 per cent .
Gomez did create 38 chances for their Wolfsburg team-mates , however , which compares favourably with Wagner 's less impressive tally of 17 .
EUROPEAN AND INTERNATIONAL EXPERIENCE
Wagner has come out of nowhere to become Germany 's likely frontline striker at the Confederations Cup , with the 29-year-old having never scored more than five goals in a league season before the last two years .
But while Wagner is yet to find the net in five appearances in European competitions - the most recent of those matches coming for Werder Bremen in 2010 - Gomez has hit the net 42 times in 81 European games for their clubs .
For the German national team , Wagner has scored three goals in two games - although all of them came against San Marino , their first ever hat-trick as a professional footballer - while Gomez has a goal ratio of 0.4 after scoring 30 Germany goals in 70 appearances for their country .
On average Gomez takes 128 minutes to score for Germany compared to Wagner 's 52 minutes , but the Hoffenheim man will likely struggle to maintain that ratio against higher-quality opposition , while Gomez failed to score in 71 minutes on the pitch for Germany against San Marino in November 2016 despite their team winning the game 8-0 .
154 - Since making their BL debut , no other player has scored as many goals as @ Mario_Gomez ( @ VfLWolfsburg_EN ) . Wolf . pic.twitter.com/iQ7o0gmX2Y — OptaFranz ( @ OptaFranz ) June 9 , 2017
IS LOW A FAN ?
With Germany having a perfect record of six wins from their six World Cup qualifiers so far , it is no wonder Low has decided they can afford to name experimental teams at the Confederations Cup .
And the coach was full of praise for Wagner after they struck a treble against San Marino in Germany 's last match , telling reporters : `` He 's using their body well and is not easy to defend against . They are a player with maturity and personality and one who stands by their own opinion . ''
Low has not always seemed convinced by Gomez despite their decent goal record for the world champions and it seems that the spot up front is available ahead of next year 's World Cup in Russia .
If Wagner is to steal it - with Gomez still the most likely candidate for the role - they will not get a better chance to impress than at the Confederations Cup this month .
Bitcoin `` miners '' who use rows of computers whirring at the same time to produce virtual currencies began taking root along New York 's northern border a couple of years ago to tap into some of the nation 's cheapest hydroelectric power , offering an air of Silicon Valley sophistication to this often-snowy region .
But as the once-high-flying bitcoin market has waned , so too has the enthusiasm for bitcoin miners . Mining operations with stacks of servers suck up so much electricity that they are in some cases causing power rates to spike for ordinary customers . And some officials question whether it 's all worth it for the relatively few jobs created .
`` We do n't want someone coming in , taking our resources , not creating the jobs they professed to create and then disappear , '' said Tim Currier , mayor of Massena , a village just south of the Canadian border , where bitcoin operator Coinmint recently announced plans to use the old aluminum plant site for a mining operation that would require 400 megawatts — roughly enough to power 300,000 homes at once .
In Plattsburgh , where two cryptocurrency operations have been blamed for spiking electricity rates , the prospect of more cryptocurrency miners plugging in spooked officials enough in March to enact an 18-month moratorium on new operations . The small border village of Rouses Point also is holding off on approving new server farms and Lake Placid is considering a moratorium .
For local officials , the power struggle has been a crash course in the esoteric bitcoin mining business in which miners earn bitcoins by making complex calculations that verify transactions on the digital currency 's public ledger .
Since it often uses hundreds of computers that throw off tremendous heat and burn a lot of power , it has tended to gravitate toward cooler places with cheap electricity , such as geothermal-rich Iceland or along the Columbia River region of Washington state .
The stretch of New York near the Canadian border similarly fits the bill . Cheap hydropower from a dam spanning the St. Lawrence River is doled out by a state authority to local businesses that promise to create jobs . Additionally , some municipalities such as Massena and Plattsburgh receive cheap electricity from a separate hydropower project near Niagara Falls .
In Plattsburgh , electricity is so cheap most residents use it instead of oil or wood to heat their homes . The couple of commercial cryptocurrency mines here can get an industrial rate of about 3 cents per kilowatt hour — less than half the national average .
But Plattsburgh Mayor Colin Read said its largest operator , Coinmint , which has two plants employing 20 or fewer people , can consume about 10 per cent of Plattsburgh 's 104 megawatt cheap electricity quota . When the city exceeded its allocation like it did this winter , customers ended up paying $ 10 to $ 30 more a month for the extra electricity . For a major employer like Mold-Rite Plastics plant , it cost them at least $ 15,000 in February .
State regulators have since given municipal utilities the ability to charge higher rates to cryptocurrency miners . At least one bitcoin miner in Plattsburgh says he 's working with the city on solutions to the power worries .
Marching Band 's Expected Performance In Inaugural Parade Sparks Controversy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP Alex Brandon/AP
The organizers of President-elect Donald Trump 's inaugural parade released a list of the groups who have accepted invitations to perform . Included on the list of 40 groups was the marching band from Alabama 's oldest private , historically black liberal arts college , Talladega College .
While officials from the college have not yet addressed the performance publicly , the band 's expected participation has sparked debate on social media websites . ( NPR 's calls and messages to Talladega and to the chairperson of the college 's board went unanswered . )
One user on bandhead.org wrote , `` It 's a Presidential Inauguration , a high profile event . It 's a great experience for the band . '' Another posted , `` All exposure is n't good exposure . ''
Talladega 's participation comes after other marching bands , including the band from Howard , a historically black university in Washington , D.C. , did not apply to perform . Washington , D.C. , high school bands are also not participating .
Though Howard 's band director John Newson told NBC4 that Howard 's `` band had too few members and was facing budgetary constraints , '' they implied other considerations may have contributed to the decision . NBC4 reported :
[ Newson ] said they suspect that many band directors ' and school administrators ' political beliefs played into whether they applied to participate in the parade . `` I think everybody knows why and no one wants to say and lose their job , '' Newson said .
Nikky Finney , who graduated from Talladega in 1979 and is now a poet and chair in creative writing and southern studies at the University of South Carolina , condemned the band 's participation in the inaugural parade . They said :
The news that Talladega College has forgotten its steady and proud 150 years of history , by making the decision to not stand in solidarity with other clear-eyed and courageous people , academic institutions , and organizations , protesting the inauguration of one of the most antagonistic , hatred-spewing , unrepentant racists , has simply and unequivocally broken my heart today . Historical Black colleges are duty bound to have and keep a moral center and be of great moral consciousness while also teaching its students lessons about life that they will need going forward , mainly , that just because a billionaire — who cares nothing about their 150 years of American existence — invites them to a fancy , gold-plated , dress-up party , they have the moral right and responsibility to say `` no thank you , '' especially when the blood , sweat , and tears and bodies , of black , brown , and native people are stuffed in the envelope alongside the RSVP . This should have been a teachable moment for the President of Talladega College instead it has become a moment of divisiveness and shame . Bags of money and the promise of opportunity have always been waved in front of the faces and lives of struggling human beings , who have historically been relegated to the first-fired and the last-hired slots of life . It has been used to separate us before . It has now been used to separate us again .
Other performers , including Elton John and Celine Dion , have turned down invitations to participate in inauguration ceremonies as well . Several others have said they would n't perfom either . The BBC reported that Grammy-winner John Legend said , `` Creative people tend to reject bigotry and hate . We tend to be more liberal-minded . When we see somebody that 's preaching division and hate and bigotry , it 's unlikely he 'll get a lot of creative people that want to be associated with him . ''
On Monday , British singer Rebecca Ferguson said they were invited to sing at the inauguration . They said they would accept if they could sing `` Stange Fruit , '' the lyrics of which describe the lynchings of black people in the the U.S . Originally a poem written by Abel Meeropol , the protest song includes the line : `` Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze . ''
NPR 's email to to the Presidential Inaugural Committee has not yet been returned .
The animated film “ The Breadwinner ” was based on a book written by Canadian author Deborah Ellis but even though it was nominated for a Golden Globe they say they will not go to the awards show because of U.S. President Donald Trump 's ban on travellers from mostly-Muslim nations .
Deborah Ellis told The Canadian Press wire service they were delighted that the animated film was nominated but that “ I write about refugees often in Islamic countries and it would make no sense for me to be able to go to this kind of celebration when they ca n't get in . ”
Novel based on real life stories
Ellis ' novel “ The Breadwinner ” was first published in 2000 for young adults and is about an 11-year-old girl named Parvana living in Kabul , Afghanistan . When Parvana 's father is arrested by the Taliban they disguise themselves as a boy in order to be able to go out and earn money for the family . Ellis wrote the book after meeting and speaking with Afghan women in refugee camps in Pakistan .
In an undated photo , Deborah Ellis talks to girls at an orphanage funded by Canadian Women for Women in Afghanistan . © CW4WAfghan.ca
Many cast members are Muslims
The film has a Toronto cast which includes many who are Muslim and of Afghan heritage .
Ellis 's story about Parvana inspired millions of readers and led to the creation of a charity to support education for Afghan women and children . It has raised almost two million dollars so far .
Deborah Ellis donates royalties from sales of their novel The Breadwinner to a charity that provides education to Afghan women and girls . © Heidy van Dyk/Groundwood Books
With files from The Canadian Press and CBC .
WESTFIELD - While it may not have started four score and seven years ago , the annual Lincoln Day Brunch hosted by the Westfield Republican Committee has been a city tradition for many years .
The event is at East Mountain Country Club in Westfield from 10 a.m. to noon Saturday and features a video presentation and reading of the Gettysburg Address by Ken Gilet of Springfield .
This year , Republican candidates running for U.S. Senate and state attorney general will speak . Candidates include Beth Lindstrom , state Rep. Geoff Diehl , John Kingston , Allen Waters and Heidi Wellman for Senate and Dan Shores and Jay McMahon for attorney general .
The master of ceremonies will be state Sen. Donald F. Humason , R-Westfield .
`` The brunch is always a great event , '' said WRC Chairman Dan Allie . `` This year people will have the opportunity to meet and hear from many candidates before the towns elect delegates to the Republican State convention to be held at the Worcester DCU Center on April 28th . ''
Allie said the brunch is a tradition they and others look forward to each year .
`` The Lincoln Day Brunch is an annual event that has been held at EMCC for many years , and has become one a popular regional event . It is our largest fundraiser of the year , '' Allie said .
Past guests included Gov . Charlie Baker , Lt. Gov . Karyn Polito , former U.S . Senator and current ambassador to New Zealand Scott Brown , state Sen. Bruce Tarr , state Rep. Jim Lyons and many others .
The event is open to the public . Tickets are $ 27 per person and can be reserved by emailing schneebill @ aol.com or calling 860-604-5264 .
Still , the victory was vindication of sorts for Gardiner , who was with Toronto five years ago when it blew a 4-1 third-period lead in dropping a 5-4 decision to Boston in the seventh game of that first-round series .
`` In both scenarios we were down 3-1 and came back , '' Gardiner said . `` Just have fun with it , the pressure is kind of off us .
`` We 're going to be going into that building , it 's going to be rocking and we 'll be ready to go . ''
In a one-game scenario , Babcock said the approach becomes a simple one .
`` As the series goes on and as the playoffs go on , the games dummy down , '' they said . `` What I mean by that it is just simplified .
`` Simple plays and spend as much time in the offensive zone as you possibly can are what you want to do . Little things like winning faceoffs and taking care of the puck are so important . What we 're going to ask of each guy is to do their individual part . Know your job and do it . ''
Toronto defenceman Morgan Rielly said the team that executes best will enhance its chances of advancing .
`` I think that 's what happens typically in these games , '' they said . `` Both teams know one another pretty well , both teams have a pretty good idea of what the other team brings .
`` It 's just a matter of going out there and being motivated and being competitive and executing . ''
Babcock agreed , although Toronto should also be a confident bunch coming off the consecutive wins .
`` In the National Hockey League , any time it 's not going your way you 've got to dig your way back , '' Babcock said . `` I think because we had a foundation of confidence and were a good team we were able to do that .
`` Saying that , it 's a brand-new slate , here you go . The puck 's going to get dropped and who 's going to execute early and get on top of the other team ? I think that 's one of the keys in Game 7 for me . I think our guys — I do n't think , I know — are excited . ''
The `` open-concept '' custom designed homes are ultra-modern and functional , ranging from about 1,300 to 1,800 square feet
`` Each unit has its own personality , '' said Curran . `` Each one has its own colours , details and materials . ''
They are all impressive ; bright and spacious with `` generous '' windows , massive glass doors to access side and rear gardens , 12- to 14-foot ceilings accented by multiple skylights to allow natural light to cascade throughout each home . Exposed Douglas fir timber and massive posts are a striking composition as you walk past sprawling `` gallery walls '' meant to showcase art .
`` The industrial windows , the glass blocks , the garage doors , the raw metal doors with ( Brantford artist ) Dave Hinds ' fabulous painting finishes to it are all things we think fit the building , '' said Curran . `` There 's lots of exposed steel , the floors are all wood … All of them have French limestone and glass tiles and unusual plumbing fixtures and lighting you would n't see in a typical house . ''
Each unit also incorporates natural wood burning fireplaces with built-in concrete hearths , a touch Curran said was an essential detail .
`` Fire in every unit , because fire and water are really important to me . We try to put them in every building we do . ''
The kitchens are roomy and practical with massive `` floating style '' custom millwork islands and wall cabinets . Natural stone countertops draw the eye towards the oversized pantries and storage drawers with built-in stacking laundry machines .
The largest unit , No . 11 , has a few bonus features including a brick safe that has been converted into a wine cellar . A roll-up garage door opens to a front deck . A raw steel staircase with maple treads leads you to a small writer 's loft that connects to a rooftop terrace . On the other side of the bathroom , an unexpected element — an outdoor shower with a fenced enclosure that can be used all year .
`` These lemons you turn into lemonade are these ugly ducklings you turn into a neighbourhood landmark , '' said Curran . `` We 're trying to get people stimulated to think about the possibilities . ''
A realtor priced units No . 7 and No . 9 at $ 699.99 , and unit No . 11 at $ 999.11 partly to be `` funny , '' said Curran , but also to reflect the market value of the area .
`` The mortgage rules are intended to take people on the entry level of the market , to be a little bit more responsible and sane in their purchases , '' said Curran . `` We 're not at entry level properties . ''
`` What we 're trying to do is raise the bar on architecture in town , '' they added . `` I built these like I would live in any of them . ''
/
The founder of PolicyGenius walks us through the rigorous process they went through to scrap a confusing name and create one that led to success .
April 24 , 2018 2 min read
This is an episode of our podcast Problem Solvers . Each week , an entrepreneur reveals how they overcame an unexpected problem in their business -- and were happier and more successful as a result . The show is hosted by Entrepreneur 's editor-in-chief , Jason Feifer . Listen below , or subscribe on iTunes , Google Play , Stitcher , or wherever you get your podcasts .
A company 's name is one of ( if not the ) the biggest early decisions a company founder will make -- and they often get it wrong . Google was first called BackRub , Best Buy was Sound of Music , eBay was AuctionWeb and Policygenius was KnowItOwl .
In this episode , Policygenius 's founder walks us through the rigorous process they went through to scrap a confusing name and create one that led to success .
Thanks to our sponsors :
Small business never stops moving , so Dell 's US-based Small Business Advisors are trained to keep up . Just call 877-BUY-DELL to get connected . You 'll get tailored solutions you can trust , from an advisor who knows your business -- like which Dell PCs with Intel® CoreTM processors are right for you . That way , you can focus on your business and leave the tech questions to Dell .
People hate calling companies and not getting an answer . Companies hate missing calls , and potential new customers . And yet , it happens every day . That 's what Ruby Receptionists is designed to solve—all your calls are answered live by a team of friendly , professional remote receptionists , helping you secure customers and build a thriving company . From their offices in Portland , Oregon , Ruby deliver exceptional experiences to your callers by answering calls live in English or Spanish , transferring calls , taking messages , addressing common questions , and making follow-up calls , and more . To learn more or get started , visit Ruby online .
HELSINKI ( AP ) — Finland has become the first country in Europe to pay its unemployed citizens a basic monthly income , amounting to 560 euros ( $ 587 ) , in a social experiment hoped to cut government red tape , reduce poverty and boost employment .
Olli Kangas from the Finnish government agency KELA said Monday that the two-year trial with the 2,000 randomly picked citizens who receive unemployment benefits kicked off Jan. 1 .
Those 2,000 unemployed chosen will receive 560 euros every month , with no reporting requirements on how they spend it . The amount will be deducted from any benefits they already receive .
The unemployment rate of Finland , a nation of 5.5 million , stood at 8.1 percent in November with some 213,000 people without a job — unchanged from the previous year .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
How To Understand The Philosophy Of 'Groundhog Day ' And Live Life By Its Message The director Harold Ramis did n't intend for their movie Groundhog Day to be heralded by religious thinkers as an example of how to live life , but that 's exactly what happened after it was released in 1993 . Salon reporter Mary Elizabeth Williams tells NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly that after fighting cancer , they have come to understand the movie 's universal message .
WEIRTON , W.Va. — A night to remember in Hancock County .
The Wahama wrestling program made some history and also scored a pair of head-to-head victories in the process on Wednesday night following a tri-match with Magnolia and Linsly held at Madonna High School .
The White Falcons had all 10 grapplers come away with at least one victory at the event , which included a first and a fourth in the program 's history .
Three-year captain and four-year starter Ethan Herdman became the fourth WHS grappler to reach 100 career wins . The senior accomplished the feat on their first of two pinfall wins at 152 pounds , joining Perry Ellis ( 127 ) , Randall Robie ( 123 ) and Kane Roush ( 120 ) on the school 's esteemed list .
Wahama sophomore Emma Tomlinson also became the first female wrestler to score a pinfall victory in program history after needing only 26 seconds to pin Kayden Jones of Magnolia . Kailyn Allison also picked up a win at 160 pounds by forfeit .
Ethan VanMatre ( 120 ) , Trevor Hunt ( 132-138 ) and Antonio Serevicz ( 220 ) also went unbeaten at the tri-match , with Hunt and Serevicz each recording two pinfall victories . VanMatre also had a pinfall win .
Trey Peters ( 126 ) , Wes Peters ( 145 ) , Jase Heckaman ( 170 ) and Christian Thomas ( 182 ) all finished 1-1 on the night , with Heckaman and Thomas each scoring a pinfall victory .
The White Falcons defeated Linsly by a 37-33 count and also picked up a 42-33 win over Magnolia . Linsly defeated Magnolia by a 42-31 margin in the other third of the tri-match .
Wahama senior Ethan Herdman locks in a hold a George Washington opponent during a 152-pound match at the 2017 Jason Eades Memorial Duals held at Point Pleasant High School in Point Pleasant , W.Va. http : //www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.3-WAH-Herdman.jpg Wahama senior Ethan Herdman locks in a hold a George Washington opponent during a 152-pound match at the 2017 Jason Eades Memorial Duals held at Point Pleasant High School in Point Pleasant , W.Va. Bryan Walters|OVP Sports
By Bryan Walters bwalters @ aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2101 .
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2101 .
Portugal is fighting to put out a spate of wildfires after the southern European country hit a year high of outbreaks for a single day on Friday , authorities say.Portugal 's Civil Protection Agency , which coordinates its firefighting efforts , said Saturday that it recorded a record for this year of 220 separate wildfires on Friday.Over 2,500 firefighters supported by over 800 vehicles and 15 air units were still mobilized on Saturday morning to combat the flames.Portugal has been hard hit by wildfires , including one that killed 64 people in June , during a summer marked by high temperatures and a lack of rain.Wildfires in Portugal this year have accounted for more than one-third of the burnt forest in the entire 28-country European Union.Source : Associated Press .
Woodlands County Council discussed what the future Highway 43 interchange for Whitecourt might look like during its regular meeting on April 17 .
Woodlands County Mayor Jim Rennie said council wanted to consider if this bypass could go north around Whitecourt and over the Athabasca River , rather than going south from the Forest Interpretive Centre to the McLeod Bridge as originally pitched .
Council had been reviewing a letter from Alberta Transportation , which addressed this subject . The letter clarified that there are currently no plans in the foreseeable future to build this bypass .
This project was first pitched several decades ago . Rennie said the bypass was a 50-to-100 year plan and that current traffic levels were not yet high enough to justify construction .
Council accepted the email from Alberta Transportation regarding the future interchange as information .
Mill rate
Council approved a bylaw that set the 2018 taxation rates for Woodlands County , which increased across the board .
The residential municipal mill rate increased 1.5 per cent from 2.7727 to 2.8143 , while the commercial and industrial mill rate increased 2.5 per cent from 8.8726 to 10.1194 .
Meanwhile , the residential improvement land mill rate went from 0.0275 to 0.5881 .
“ A mill rate should be as close to the cost of living as possible , ” Rennie said .
They added that the increase for the industrial rate was large in order to make up for lost revenue after the province made several changes , such as with linear taxation .
pshokeir @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ PeterShokeir
SPRINGFIELD -- City police are asking for the public 's help in identifying the person responsible for a Thursday shooting inside of a State Street jewelry store .
The Springfield Police Department released a series of images on Facebook Saturday of an individual who 's suspected of being behind the Thursday incident .
Police are urging anyone with information on the person 's identity to contact Springfield police at 413-787-6355 or to leave the agency a message on Facebook .
Tips can also be sent to the Springfield Police Department by texting CRIMES , and typing `` SOLVE '' before leaving the tip , according to officials .
Police responded to reported shooting in front of the El Dorado jewelry store , located at 817 State Street , that took place at about 5:45 p.m. on Thursday .
Police spokesperson Ryan Walsh said one person was shot during the alleged armed robbery and sent to Baystate Medical Center .
Springfield police at scene of Mason Square shooting ; victim shot during attempted armed robbery at State Street jewelry store
By Sue Pascoe
Editor
After 37 years as a firefighter , Captain Tom Moore of Fire Station 69 is retiring .
The Thousand Oaks resident came to Pacific Palisades in 2014 after working with the Hazardous Materials Task Force in San Fernando Valley , and the Urban Search and Rescue Task Force in Hollywood .
An LAFD captain on the C-shift , Moore has had to endure four orthopedic surgeries , including both shoulders , a knee and an elbow .
“ We choose a profession where we use our body as a tool , ” Moore said on their last day at the station on July 29 . “ Physically , we have to do so much . ”
Through different assignments , he 's been to structure and brush fires , worked during the riots in 1992 and in the aftermath of the 1994 Northridge earthquake .
Moore was on the scene after the train crash in Chatsworth that saw 25 fatalities . “ The emotional stresses are there , ” they said . “ We see lots of tragedies . It 's really tough sometimes . ”
MONTGOMERY , Ala. ( AP ) - Alabama 's tourism agency is promoting a series of walking tours that will start next month in cities both large and small .
About 30 communities statewide are offering the free , hour-long strolls beginning April 7 .
Community leaders will conduct walking tours in historic areas with starting points that include the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute , Huntsville 's Constitution Village , the History Museum of Mobile and the Montgomery Area Visitor Center .
Tours will also now be held in smaller towns including Athens , Bayou La Batre , Eutaw , Eufaula and Monroeville .
The Alabama Tourism Department says more than 35,000 people have participated in the walking tours since the program started 15 years ago .
The tour information can be found online at https : //alabama.travel/trails/april-walking-tours # .
WATERLOO — Everyone now agrees to let Muslims pray in a small house on a big lot at 510 Erbsville Rd .
But a planning challenge will continue over a bigger prayer centre planned on the site in north Waterloo .
On Tuesday , residents who oppose a bigger centre settled part of the challenge they launched against Waterloo council and a local Muslim group . This cut short up to four days of hearings before a provincial tribunal .
The settlement means the Muslim Association of Canada can use the house it owns for prayers , as council approved .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Conor McGregor is n't giving in to Floyd Mayweather as the pair attempt to agree terms on what would be fighting 's first billion dollar bout .
Mayweather said reports of a deal being done between them and the UFC champion and that they were happy for now in retirement in a statement on Tuesday night .
But McGregor is in Las Vegas and continuing to call out the 49-0 star .
`` I am in Las Vegas . Floyd has retired on my arrival , '' McGregor tweeted early on Wednesday morning .
Mayweather , the undefeated , five-division former world champion has been out of the ring since they beat Andre Berto in 2015 .
But it 's believed the financial lure of an all-star clash with McGregor may be too good to turn down .
The 39-year-old has reportedly been in discussions to take on the UFC 's pound-for-pound superstar in a boxing ring , but moved to clarify the situtation .
`` There seems to be several rumours floating around the media recently however , let the record show , there has n't been any deals made in regards to a fight between myself and any other fighters , '' Mayweather said in a statement on social media .
`` I am happily retired and enjoying life at this time . If any changes are to come , be sure that I will be the first to let the world know . ''
Mayweather later released a second statement that was similarly worded , only adding that no deal had been made on their behalf .
This statement followed reports from the Nevada State Athletic Commission chairperson that `` real discussions '' have been held with the `` real players involved . ''
( Photo : Getty Images North America )
McGregor has failed to hide their intentions though , despite five fights remaining on their existing UFC contract .
They said : `` I 'm going to go to Las Vegas , get my boxing license and then we see where the f * * * Floyd 's at .
`` I have my eyes on one thing and that 's Floyd Mayweather . ''
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The battle for League One promotion is coming to a head , with three teams in the mix for automatic promotion and a further nine battling for the remaining three play-offs places .
Most sides have just nine matches remaining to secure promotion , or at least a spot in the top six .
It 's now the time of year when fans crack out their calendar to assess the run-in for their side .
Luckily , we 've crunched the numbers for you to give you an objective view on exactly how difficult each club 's run-in is looking .
The method
We 've assigned each side a value given their current league position . First place gets a value of 24 , second a value of 23 and so on .
We 've then added up the values of each side remaining opponents , before diving it by the number of fixtures to give an average difficulty for the entire run-in .
And to make things even fairer , we weight away matches as 1.25x more difficult . Meaning an away match against a side with a value of 10 , would be upgraded to a score of 12.5
Take a look at each side below .
( Image : Justin Setterfield/Getty Images )
Blackburn Rovers
Run-in difficulty ( the higher the number the tougher the matches ) - 13.05
Blackburn are currently top of the League One table , and although both Shrewsbury and Wigan have matches in hand , are in a good position to secure automatic promotion .
Tony Mowbray was expected to lead Rovers back into the second tier at the first time of asking , and it 's so far delivering .
They do however face some tricky away trips to 10th placed Bristol Rovers and ninth placed Charlton Athletic before the season is through .
Bradford City ( H ) , MK Dons ( A ) , Southend ( H ) , Gillingham ( A ) , Bristol Rovers ( A ) , Peterborough ( H ) , Doncaster ( A ) , Charlton ( A ) , Oxford ( H )
Shrewsbury Town
Run-in difficulty - 8.50
Paul Hurst 's side have been the biggest surprise in the whole of the EFL this season , and their team are showing no signs of falling off the pace yet .
The Shrews have a match in hand on table-topping Blackburn and also have the advantage of playing four of their last five matches at home .
They also benefit from a very easy run-in in terms of the league standings of their opponents . They still have to face all of the bottom three sides in the league .
Northampton ( A ) , AFC Wimbledon ( H ) , Rochdale ( A ) , Oxford ( H ) , Bradford City ( A ) , Charlton ( H ) , Bury ( H ) , Peterborough ( H ) , Blackpool ( A ) , MK Dons ( H )
Wigan Athletic
Run-in difficulty - 8.22
Wigan 's league form has been hit a little recently due to their cup exertions . As a result they 've got a real fixture pile-up , but their defeat to Southampton in the FA Cup quarter-finals now leaves them with just one goal - promotion .
They still have 12 matches to go this season , and the fixtures appear to be kind to them . Given the difference in difficulty with Blackburn , Paul Cook 's side will confident of making up the distance with their games in hand and securing automatic promotion .
Walsall ( A ) , Bury ( A ) , Oldham ( H ) , Portsmouth ( A ) , MK Dons ( H ) , Rochdale ( A ) , Rotherham ( H ) , Oxford ( H ) , Fleetwood ( A ) , Bristol Rovers ( A ) , AFC Wimbledon ( H ) , Doncaster ( A )
Rotherham United
Run-in difficulty - 14.56
Paul Warne 's side steadily forced their way into the top six this season , and took advantage of other sides poor form to cement themselves in fourth place behind the 'big three ' .
It 's probably a good job that the Millers already have a nine point cushion to seventh given their run-in .
Matches include trips to Wigan , Plymouth , Charlton and Bristol Rovers - all sides with plenty to play for . While they also welcome play-off chasing Peterborough .
Southend ( A ) , Peterborough ( H ) , Charlton ( A ) , Fleetwood ( H ) , Wigan ( A ) , Gillingham ( A ) , Bristol Rovers ( H ) , Plymouth ( A ) , Blackpool ( H )
Scunthorpe United
Run-in difficulty - 10.43
The Iron have looked solid bets for the play-offs all season under the steady guidance of Graham Alexander , but a poor January window has seen them slip a little .
They are the only side in the promotion mix to have just eight matches remaining , and while they have a few tough encounters , the fixture list is relatively kind .
Home matches with Plymouth and Bradford , and a trip to Charlton look like the key clashes .
Rochdale ( H ) , Oxford ( A ) , Plymouth ( H ) , Wimbledon ( A ) , Charlton ( A ) , Walsall ( H ) , MK Dons ( A ) , Bradford ( H )
Plymouth Argyle
Run-in difficulty - 14.14
The Pilgrims have lost just once in the last 17 matches to go from bottom at Christmas to the top six with nine matches to go .
Their 3-2 win against Bristol Rovers at the weekend has put them in a very healthy position .
But it 's a tough run-in for Derek Adams ' side with trips to Charlton and Scunthorpe and home clashes against Portsmouth and Peterborough .
Charlton ( A ) , Southend ( H ) , Scunthorpe ( A ) , Peterborough ( H ) , Portsmouth ( H ) , Northampton ( A ) , Rochdale ( A ) , Rotherham ( H ) , Gillingham ( A )
Peterborough United
Run-in difficulty - 15.56
The Posh sacked boss Grant McCann earlier this month and brought in experienced boss Steve Evans .
Peterborough are well placed for a run at the top six under their boss , but do face some very tricky away trips in the run-in .
Plymouth , Rotherham , Blackburn and Shrewsbury all await the Posh on their travels within the space of five weeks . Their season will be determined by that quartet of clashes .
Bristol Rovers ( H ) , Rotherham ( A ) , Northampton ( H ) , Plymouth ( A ) , Rochdale ( H ) , Blackburn ( A ) , Shrewsbury ( A ) , Fleetwood ( A ) , Portsmouth ( H )
Portsmouth
Run-in difficulty - 10.92
Portsmouth are making a good fist of their return to League One under boss Kenny Jackett . They have been consistently around the top eight without every really breaking into the play-off spots .
The fixture list looks like it 's at least been kind for the final trio of matches , as they host fellow play-off hopefuls Charlton and Peterborough , with the hope of taking some points off their direct rivals . Sandwiched in between is an easy looking trip up to Bury .
Oxford ( H ) , Walsall ( A ) , Wigan ( H ) , Rochdale ( A ) , Plymouth ( A ) , Bradford ( A ) , Charlton ( H ) , Bury ( A ) , Peterborough ( H )
Charlton Athletic
Run-in difficulty - 14.5
Another side who have been there or thereabouts all season , Charlton have always been on chasing the coattails of the top six , and look set to take their challenge into the final throes of the campaign .
They have to play the current top two in their last four matches , and could be taking on a Rochdale side fighting for their League One status on the final day of the season .
Given their very tough run-in , it looks a tough ask for the Addicks .
Plymouth ( H ) , Northampton ( A ) , Rotherham ( H ) , Bristol Rovers ( A ) , Wimbledon ( A ) , Scunthorpe ( H ) , Shrewsbury ( A ) , Portsmouth ( A ) , Blackburn ( H ) , Rochdale ( A )
Bristol Rovers
Run-in difficulty - 14.87
Defeat to Plymouth last time out has left Bristol Rovers seven points outside the top six , and boss Darrell Clarke rated their side 's chances at about 33/1 of making the top six .
They have some huge matches coming up , and although they will be tough it is at least a chance to deny their rivals some points . You feel Rovers will need plenty of other sides to slip up if they are to squeeze into the play-offs .
A rearranged home match against Wigan does n't help , nor the trips to Rotherham and Peterborough .
Peterborough ( A ) , Bury ( H ) , Fleetwood ( A ) , Charlton ( H ) , Blackburn ( H ) , Rotherham ( A ) , Wigan ( H ) , Gillingham ( H ) , Southend ( A )
Bradford City
Run-in difficulty - 14.38
It 's been an odd season for the Bantams . One of the favourites for promotion at the start of the season with a popular manager and crowds in excess of 20,000 .
But a woeful run of form after Christmas saw Bradford slip out of the top six and Stuart McCall lose their job . New boss Simon Grayson is yet to really improve things , and with a seven point gap to the top six , it 's time to get a move on .
The big positive though is that they have two matches in hand on almost all their direct competitors .
They do however have to play three of the top five , having just played Wigan too . They will need to get on a serious run to break into the top six .
Gillingham ( H ) , Blackburn ( A ) , Walsall ( H ) , B'Pool ( A ) , Shrewsbury ( H ) , Portsmouth ( H ) , Rochdale ( A ) , MK Dons ( H ) , Southend ( H ) , Scunthorpe ( A )
( Image : Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images )
Gillingham
Run-in difficulty - 13.28
The Gills are the last side with realistic – if faint – hopes of making the League One play-offs this season .
Welshman Steve Lovell has worked wonders down at Priestfield and has revitalised the club and pulled them away from relegation danger .
A top six finish would require a monumental run of form , coupled with some real luck and other sides crumbling . But , never say never…
They 've got to take on a few rivals , including Bristol Rovers and Plymouth in the final two matches of the season . If they 're still in the hunt for those matches , Lovell will have worked a few more miracles .
Blackburn ( H ) , Bradford ( A ) , MK Dons ( H ) , Southend ( A ) , Doncaster ( H ) , Oldham ( A ) , Rotherham ( H ) , Blackpool ( H ) , Bristol Rovers ( A ) , Plymouth ( H )
Finance minister Arun Jaitley had proposed issuance of electoral bonds in Budget 2017-18 . Photo : Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
New Delhi : To prevent misuse of proposed electoral bonds , the government is likely to cap the validity at 15 days within which such bonds—bearer in nature—have to be redeemed by political parties .
According to officials , the guidelines for electoral bonds , announced in Budget 2017-18 , are almost ready and some fine-tuning is being done by the finance ministry . Such bonds would be bearer in nature so that those having it can encash through only one notified account within stipulated time , people aware of the matter said .
“ Each party will have one notified bank account . All bonds are to be deposited in that particular account . It is a paper currency and needs to be encashed in 15 days , otherwise it loses validity , ” a senior government official said .
The short duration of bonds will ensure these can not be misused and the objective of reducing the incidence of black money in political funding is achieved , the official added . The norms regarding electoral bonds could be out soon and some other features of such instruments would be issued by select designated public sector banks . As per the electoral bond mechanism , the proposed bonds will resemble a promissory note and not an interest-paying debt instrument .
The Electoral Bond scheme will ensure complete anonymity of the donor , people familiar with the matter said , adding that these could be issued in denominations of Rs1,000 and Rs5,000 .
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had proposed issuance of electoral bonds in Budget 2017-18 . “ An effort , therefore , requires to be made to cleanse the system of political funding in India . Donors have also expressed reluctance in donating by cheque or other transparent methods as it would disclose their identity and entail adverse consequences , ” they had said in the Budget speech .
The finance minister had indicated that the government would soon frame rules on electoral bonds after having consultations with all political parties .
Ranbir Kapoor will see your basic sneakers , and raise you limited edition Ylatis and Yeezys . The self-confessed sneakerhead has often been spotted wearing the coolest new drops , and while you thought Badshah is the king of kicks with their 500 pairs of sneakers , Ranbir Kapoor has been quietly raising the bar by roping in a “ reseller ” . What 's that , you ask ?
Our June cover star , in an exclusive interview , revealed : “ I have a reseller – you know , those guys who buy shoes as soon as they 're out and then sell them later for a higher price – in London who hooks me up with every kind of sneaker , because the ones I usually like are snapped up within seconds . ”
So , while you will camp outside your favourite sneaker store and wait in line for hours , all Ranbir has to do is make a quick call to theirs “ guy ” . Of course , that does n't mean Ranbir lands the latest pair of limited edition sneakers the day they 're out . They too must wait . “ It could take me a year to get them , ” Kapoor tells us , “ And they 're also ferociously expensive . ”
Ca n't afford to steal Ranbir Kapoor 's sneaker style ? You could always shop at their favourite store , Flight Club , in New York . Or you could always ogle at their collection here .
Do n't miss Ranbir Kapoor 's full interview with GQ India here !
NOW READ
The sneakers Shah Rukh Khan bought that are Ranbir Kapoor approved
Badshah casually dropped a count of their sneaker collection
Meet the biggest sneakerheads of Instagram
> More on Style & Fashion
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rugby 's final game of the season is essentially a dead rubber - promotion and the Championship title have already been secured , but Pat Lam is still striving for improvement from their side .
Talking ahead of facing Hartpury on Saturday , Lam said : “ We are serious about making sure we finish the season on the right note .
“ There is nothing worse than losing the last game of the season , even at school days and amateur club days , because then there is a long break and there is nothing you can do about it . ”
While some of the Bristol Rugby squad will return to pre-season action as early as May 28 , just two days after the Aviva Premiership final is played , they will not be back in competitive pre-season action until mid August when they will play three pre-season matches ahead of the opening weekend of the Gallagher Premiership in September .
That is some time to brood on a defeat .
There has not been much need for brooding this season season for Bristol in the Championship , winning all but one of their league games as thousands of fans have flocked to watch their star studded international team in the second tier of English rugby .
Bristol have averaged 8,488 fans for their home games , with a season high 13,100 watch them lift the trophy at Ashton Gate on April 13 .
To put that average attendance into perspective the next five best attended team in the Championship : Bedford Blues , Yorkshire Carnegie , Cornish Pirates , Jersey Reds and Doncaster Knights - have the same home attendance combined .
And that is not about to change on Saturday .
Lam said : “ Hartpury have extended their seating , a lot of our supporters are heading up , and it is a big day so we want to take real pride in delivering a performance we can be proud of and can make everyone else proud of it . ''
Hartpury are doubling the capacity of Gillman 's Ground for the game on Saturday by putting up temporary seating , allowing up to 3,000 fans to take in the Championship match .
Lam added : “ We have been thanked by a lot of the other clubs in the Championship this season , we have brought record crowds to the clubs that have hosted us and it has been a real pleasure to be in the Championship .
“ That might sound funny but the boys have been superb . We have mingled with the other teams , we have had the coaches in , we have talked after and we have stayed after games .
“ What I am really proud about is the humbleness of the team and that is why I love this group . ”
Looking ahead to Hartpury , who Bristol beat 26-15 at Ashton Gate on the opening day of the season but did not get a try-scoring bonus point , Lam said they are going to give some of their key men a rest with one eye on next season .
They said : “ Ian Madigan is not going to play but I have got to get the balance right , some guys have played a lot of rugby and also , if I take Madigan as an example - I know 100 percent come May 28 when we are back at training they will be 100 percent fit and ready to prepare for life in the Premiership .
`` The concern going into the last game is always injuries and we have had a fair few this season . Thankfully some of the boys who have had long term injuries like Chris Vui and Steven Luatua will be back for the start of pre-season , once Chris gets back from international duty . ”
Boston College guard Ky Bowman will return to school for their junior year after deciding to withdraw from the NBA draft .
Bowman is the Atlantic Coast Conference 's top returning scorer , averaging 17.6 points per game last year , when they were an honourable mention for the all-ACC team .
The 6-foot-1 North Carolina native says it was a good experience to go through the evaluation process and still dreams of playing in the NBA .
By The Associated Press
New Delhi : Film producer Bhushan Kumar , who is awaiting the release of production ventures like Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety and Hate Story 4 , says filmmaking is all about many people coming together for a common goal .
Films like Aiyaary , PadMan and Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety shifted the release date to make way for Padmaavat .
Asked about the trend , Bhushan told IANS : `` Perhaps this question is being asked because of the delay in the release date of 'Padmaavat ' , which you will agree was unfortunate . Most producers announce release dates with a good amount of planning . When a producer announces their film 's date of release , it is announced keeping in mind the best interest of his/her film . ''
The T-Series honcho does not think that any producer wants to cause inconvenience to another film .
`` Filmmaking is team work and there are so many people who come together for a common goal . It involves human beings and sometimes there are unforeseen circumstances which are beyond anyone 's control , '' they added .
The filmmaker says that only a few films get to release on the given dates .
`` We know that there are fair amounts of films that release as per their scheduled release dates . For instance for last several years , Salman Khan 's film have been releasing on Eid . Unfortunately , there are only 52 Fridays in a year and the number of films being produced has grown manifold . So some amount of tussle is always going to be there , '' they added .
It was just another average day on the farm . David Greibrok and their brother Allan Greibrok of Oakland were breaking up rotten corn in a corn bin when David Greibrok became stuck . They were in there for about an hour and 45 minutes . We tracked down the Fire Chief who was first on the scene .
Bundesliga transfer news : Kenedy linked with a move to Germany , Lewandowski 's Bayern future in doubt , and more , 30th May 2018
Lots of Bundesliga transfer rumours to keep you busy today !
Anas Ali ANALYST Feature 30 May 2018 , 18:11 IST 275 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Bundesliga transfer news
Welcome to the Bundesliga transfer roundup for the day . It has been a slow day in German football when it comes to transfers . However , a series of interesting transfer rumours are guaranteed to keep you busy in today 's edition of Bundesliga transfer roundup .
This piece mostly features Bayern Munich , who have been a subject of some serious discussion in the last few days . In addition , Ruhr giants Schalke and relegated FC Koln have managed to add a few fresh faces while the future of Robert Lewandowski at Bundesliga might be in doubt . Let 's delve right in !
Schalke completes the signing of Steven Skrzybski
Steven Skryzbski signs a three-year contract with the Royal Blues
No , you 're not even remotely close to pronouncing their name correctly , just yet .
But anyway . Bundesliga giants FC Schalke have secured the signing of the highly rated Steven Skryzbski from Union Berlin . The 25-year-old has signed a three-year contract with the Ruhr giants .
Skrzybski , a versatile forward , who is known for their pace and scoring prowess , has impressed a lot in the second division last season , scoring 14 goals in 29 matches . Schalke head coach Domenico Tedesco was impressed with their versatility and will , therefore , be delighted to have secured the signing of the German attacker .
Steven Skrzybski becomes Schalke 's fourth arrival this summer , joining the likes of Salif Sane , Suat Serdar and Mark Uth .
Relegated Koln and promoted Dusseldorf add new faces to their team
Kevin Stoger joins Dusseldorf ( Source : Twitter )
The relegation of FC Koln this season clearly has n't gone down well to their respective fans . However , Effzeh are not backing off anytime soon as they have already started strengthening their roster in an attempt to get promoted to the top flight once again .
In addition to keeping the likes of Jonas Hector and Timo Horn at the club next season , Koln have signed former Karlsruher defender Matthias Bader . The 20-year-old , who featured in Germany 's national youth teams , a couple of years ago , has signed on a free transfer .
With the likes of Jorge Mere , Frederik Sorensen and Dominic Heintz failing to find form , the addition of Matthias Bader could provide them with some valuable depth into the defensive department .
On the flip side , newly promoted Fortuna Dusseldorf are fully adamant on surviving in the top flight . Coming on the back of a strong campaign in the Zweite Bundesliga , Fortuna have secured the services of Kevin Stoger . The Bochum midfielder has signed on a free transfer .
Following the signing of former Ingolstadt midfielder Alfredo Morales , the addition of Kevin Stoger will definitely strengthen their midfielder department as they look to make a big impression in the Bundesliga next season .
Bavaria on the brink of a potential squad overhaul ?
According to the latest reports from SportBild , FC Bayern board believes that their current squad is too big and they will have to sell few of their players in order to make way for the newest additions .
SportBILD : The # FCBayern board believe the squad is too big & will sell to bring new players in .
Jerome Boateng will be able to leave ( if a suitable offer arrives ) with Hoffenheim 's Kevin Vogt their likely replacement .
Juan Bernat & one of Thiago or Arturo Vidal could go too . — Bundesliga Spotlight ( @ BundesligaSpot ) May 30 , 2018
German international Jerome Boateng will be given a green light to leave Allianz Arena providing a suitable offer comes through . Head coach Niko Kovac has already identified Hoffenheim 's Kevin Vogt as their likely successor .
In addition , Juan Bernat , who has largely been a fringe player at Bayern for the past couple of years will also be allowed to leave while either of Thiago or Arturo Vidal could go too . Vidal , in particular , is heavily linked with a move out of Bavaria this summer with both Manchester United and Chelsea reportedly vying for their signature .
RB Leipzig vying for the services of Kenedy
Bundesliga giants RB Leipzig have shown a keen interest to sign Chelsea 's Kenedy , according to reports in Germany .
The Brazilian , who has done an incredible job since moving to Newcastle , earlier this year , has already been linked with several top clubs around Europe , including Arsenal . Their addition to RB Leipzig could be an ideal move not just for the player but the club as well .
Die Roten Bullen have shown tremendous ambition following their promotion to the Bundesliga a couple of years ago and a move there should seal them a guaranteed place in the starting lineup whilst providing them with an opportunity to play in European competitions .
Robert Lewandowski likely to leave Bavaria ?
Lewandowski
Another shocking report from Sportbild , suggests that Bayern Munich superstar Robert Lewandowski is set to leave the club this summer . The agent of Lewandowski has reportedly told Bayern that the striker wants to leave the club , paving the way for the likes of Chelsea and Manchester United to hunt for the Polish international this summer .
Since joining the club in 2014 from arch-rivals Borussia Dortmund , Robert Lewandowski has found resounding success at Munich , scoring 151 goals from just 195 games in all competitions . Therefore , their departure could prove to be a massive blow for the club , even though Bayern , themselves , have been linked with moves for Mauro Icardi and Antoine Griezmann .
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) - San Diego Sen. Toni Atkins will make history Wednesday when they become the first woman and first lesbian to hold the California Senate 's top job .
A former Assembly speaker , Atkins is taking over the post of Senate president pro tem from fellow Democrat Kevin de Leon as the chamber gears up for election season and faces a number of thorny challenges , including a reckoning over sexual misconduct , a loss of the Democratic supermajority and an icy relationship with the state Assembly .
Atkins , whose colleagues describe them as measured , said she 's not focused on making headlines .
`` I think you 're going to see my focus will be internally so you 're not going to get any big pronouncements , '' they said in a brief interview with The Associated Press .
Senate Democrats lost their supermajority last month when Los Angeles-area Sen. Tony Mendoza resigned rather than face an extremely rare expulsion vote over sexual misconduct allegations , and he 's running again for the same seat . Sen. Josh Newman of Fullerton , meanwhile , is facing a recall that could cost the Democrats another seat in June .
On sexual misconduct , critics say the statehouse culture values the protection of lawmakers over justice for victims . They say incidents of inappropriate behavior are swept under the rug , and an inconsistent , haphazard investigation process leads victims to suffer in silence for fear that coming forward would only harm them .
Sharp disagreements over handling sexual misconduct investigations , a single-payer health care bill and other issues of style and substance have driven a wedge between the Senate and Assembly .
Atkins said their early work will be focused on running the Senate , including developing a process to deal with sexual harassment allegations . Other efforts to put their stamp on the Senate , like reshuffling committee assignments , will come later , they said .
De Leon took control of the Senate in 2014 . He 's barred by term limits from seeking re-election and is challenging Democratic U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein .
If they can keep the support of their fellow Democrats , Atkins will have an unusually long run in the Senate 's top job ; they are n't term-limited until 2024 .
Atkins , who has advanced groundbreaking legislation on health care , LGBT rights and housing , is described by their colleagues as kind , measured and compassionate but steadfast in their commitment to fighting for people and ideas they believe in .
`` When people first interact with Toni , what they see is a very unassuming , low-key person who has a bit of an earth mother affect about her , '' said Sen. Scott Wiener , a San Francisco Democrat . `` People sometimes mistake that for weakness . But what they do n't see is right underneath that surface is pure steel . They are tough as nails . But they have a huge heart . ''
Atkins , 55 , is in their first four-year term as a senator after six years in the Assembly , where they also set a milestone as the first openly gay woman to serve as speaker . Wiener , who is gay , said having a member of the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community in one of the state 's most powerful positions will ensure that issues they face do n't take a backseat now that same-sex marriage is legal .
Originally from Appalachian Virginia , Atkins moved west and was a health care administrator in San Diego before turning full time to politics .
`` San Diego , while the second-largest city in California , we 're treated as if we 're a backwater when it comes to funding and equal access , '' said Sen. Joel Anderson , a Republican who represents suburban and rural areas of San Diego County . `` Having a pro tem from Diego will give San Diego great gravitas in getting treated equally with all the other communities in California . ''
Last year , Atkins was a driving force behind a successful push to raise money for subsidized housing by charging $ 75 for many real-estate transactions . They also are the co-author of a contentious bill that would replace traditional health insurance companies with a single government-funded health care plan for everyone in the state .
They wrote a bill signed by Gov . Jerry Brown to create a `` non-binary '' gender option on driver 's licenses for people who do n't identify as male or female .
Sen. Pat Bates , a Republican from Laguna Niguel and the Senate minority leader , said she 's hopeful Atkins will give Republicans more say in which committees they 're assigned to and more notice before taking up legislation on the floor . The GOP , they said , is often left in the dark .
Sen. Holly Mitchell , a Los Angeles Democrat who is black , said the portraits of past presidents pro tem all look remarkably familiar ; before de Leon , who is Latino , they were all white men .
`` I 'm thrilled that after over 100 years , when I walk down that corridor leading to the Senate floor that there will be a woman 's portrait there on the wall , '' Mitchell said . `` I 'm really excited to be a sitting member of the Senate when we make history . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A McDonald 's restaurant in the early hours is a near spiritual experience .
In the corner is a group of wobbly lads echoing banter in between mouthfuls of French fries . Two girls , heels safely in bags , are queuing for restorative McNuggets .
And a solitary man , in full suit and tie for reasons unexplained , is sadly dipping their Big Mac into great pools of tomato ketchup .
All around them it is messy . Drunken merriment means that McDonald 's wrappers on tables and Coke Zero spilled .
But this ...
( Image : Sunil Bharj/Facebook )
But this video , shot by 'Sunny B ' ( his preferred nickname ) , paints a sadder picture still . They filmed scenes of chaos and desolation at a McDonald 's branch in Maidstone , Kent , on Sunday morning .
Sunny asked : `` What 's the dirtiest McDonald 's you 've been in ? Wait for it '' .
Sunny , 25 , from nearby Chatham , told Mirror Online that the footage is genuine , and while McDonald 's restaurants in busy town centres are always going to be difficult to manage , this was on a higher plain .
`` Being 3am in a busy town , it 's expected to get a bit dirty , but I 've never seen anything like this , '' they said .
`` You always get a wave of drunk people coming in after the bars close . My friends ordered Chicken Selects , and had to sit on the edge of the seats as there was rubbish everywhere .
( Image : Sunil Bharj/Facebook )
`` As it 's a late opening McDonald 's , I think they only offer take away bags , no trays , which leads to lots of rubbish piling up .
`` It 's definitely the worst I 've seen . I ordered my 20 McNuggets and got out of there ! ''
A solid order .
Sunny 's film has been widely shared on Facebook . Most people , while probably well acquainted with post-midnight McDonald 's , are shocked by the scale .
Chloe Barrigan commented : `` What 's the matter with people ffs '' .
We 're not sure how it might be avoided – drunk people apparently have little regard for bins .
A McDonald 's spokesperson told us : `` Hygiene and cleanliness is of the utmost importance to us and on this occasion it appears that we did n't meet our usual high standards .
`` We will be investigating this footage further to ensure that measures are in place to avoid customers experiencing this in any of our restaurants in future . ''
`` Every game 's a must-win from here on out . ''
Lions quarterback Jonathon Jennings showed signs of life in the loss to Hamilton after a dismal performance against the Calgary Stampeders the previous week , but an offence that was supposed to light up the scoreboard has still yet to find its rhythm for a club that has lost two straight and five of its last six .
`` It 's been a tough season for all of us , '' said Jennings , who has just six touchdown passes and an ugly 12 interceptions . `` It hurts to lose , especially with all the expectations we have for ourselves .
`` But we know it 's not over . We know our chances are n't lost . ''
Wide receiver Chris Williams , who signed with B.C . following two outstanding seasons in Ottawa , said the Lions ' biggest problem has been a lack of execution in key moments .
`` We 've just got to go out there and make plays when the opportunities are given , '' said Williams . `` There 's going to be some opportunities out there . We 've got to sting them . We 've got to make it count . ''
The Redblacks , meanwhile , sit second in the East after two straight losses — including last week 's 18-17 home defeat to Saskatchewan — but should have star quarterback Trevor Harris , who suffered a separated throwing shoulder on Sept. 9 , under centre at B.C . Place Stadium .
Last season 's Grey Cup champions , seven of the Redblacks ' nine losses have been a combined 17 points in what has also been a frustrating 2017 .
`` You play football to play football , not to watch it or be on the ( injured reserve ) , '' Harris told reporters in Ottawa before the team flew west . `` Even just missing three weeks is something that 's an eye-opener . ''
The Redblacks beat the Lions 31-24 in the nation 's capital back on Aug. 26 . The visitors trailed 31-3 in the fourth quarter before a frantic comeback attempt fell short after quarterback Travis Lulay replaced an ineffective Jennings .
But Lulay suffered a torn ACL in their right knee two weeks later , thrusting Jennings back into the starting role .
Despite their struggles , Buono said the third-year pivot still has a chance to save both theirs and the Lions ' season .
It just has to start now .
`` Athletes thrive on success , '' said Buono . `` When success does n't happen , everybody 's confidence starts to wane . It 's what your foundation is , it 's what your beliefs are , it 's what your support system is that helps you to get through it .
`` At the end of it you 've got to pick yourself up . Nobody 's going to help you . ''
-- -
Follow @ JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton , The Canadian Press
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Like me you were probably wondering whether it was absolutely necessary for Kara Tointon to show us their bum in the opening episode of ITV 's new hotel-based wartime drama The Halcyon tonight
Luckily Kara took care of the issue in a pre-show interview : “ You question whether it 's needed , but I thought it was great because it introduces you to someone in one swoop : that they do n't care , and that 's what she 's about . She 's fun . ”
So anyone who thought it had just been thrown in for a bit of Poldark- style titillation could not be more wrong .
I mean , in order to confirm Kara 's character – louche hotel bar singer Betsey – was naked in that bath we CLEARLY had to see some flesh .
The thing is The Halcyon did n't need to go looking for column inches like that .
( Photo : ITV )
There was plenty of other stuff on show in this opener to suggest ITV has found what it 's been looking for .
Something to plug the Downton Abbey-sized gap in its schedule .
Roger Federer wins first match since return to tennis , beats Dan Evans at Hopman Cup
Federer was playing their first match since Wimbledon 2016 , following which they had taken an extended injury break .
@ anumccartney by Anuradha Santhanam Breaking 02 Jan 2017 , 16:08 IST
Federer beat Dan Evans in straight sets in their first match since Wimbledon 2016
Returning to competitive tennis for the first time in six months following injury layoffs , former World No . 1 Roger Federer won their Hopman Cup match against Great Britain 's Daniel Evans in straight sets – 6-3 , 6-4 today .
The Swiss , who is currently ranked 16th on the ATP standings , took on the 66th ranked Evans for only the second time in their career ; the last time the pair met was at Wimbledon in 2016 , with Federer winning their Round of 32 match in straight sets .
Federer had not played a match since their mammoth semi-final against Milos Raonic at Wimbledon 2016 , struggling with an old meniscus injury that had resurfaced and seriously hampered their form , but today showed no vestiges of pain or injury . The 35-year-old Swiss kicked off the match today with an ace , establishing a stronghold early on .
Taking crucial , and early , breaks of serve , Federer played some perfectly played cross-court forehands to flummox Evans , who fought to match Federer 's speed . Almost matching Federer 's agility , Evans ran across the court to make some powerful shots off Federer , but netted a few crucial ones , perhaps the key in their loss today .
Both quick and agile , Federer showed no signs of fatigue or struggle in their game today , with some quick 160km/h serves to the Briton .
Federer also successfully challenged a number of close shots today , each time successfully . The Swiss had earlier opened up their practice sessions at the Hopman Cup to public after tickets to all their matches were sold out , and the stadium to watch the ace was packed and cheering on the icon .
Their performance today augurs well for Federer and their fans , given that they are evidently back to their optimal levels of fitness .
Perhaps the highlight of Federer 's performance today was a jumping smash the Swiss put on ; returning an Evans forehand , Federer took the aerial route , leaping in the air for a smash into the opposite half of the net .
In one shot , Federer displayed that they are still , at 35 and with just under two decades of professional tennis and 17 Grand Slam titles behind him , that they are by no means struggling for either strength or form .
They hit 5 aces – and 24 winners in today 's match , successfully breaking their opponent , but committed 10 unforced errors in the first set , with another ten in the second – a statistic Evans would match .
Federer will enter the Australian Open under a protected ranking , given to top players who have taken long injury-induced breaks from the sport . Several have speculated that the Swiss may be nearing the end of their career , although Federer has themselves said they intend to “ stick around for another couple of years at least . ”
Earlier this year , Federer revealed their six month break had been instrumental in recuperation and recovery . The ace had returned to full-time practice in November , and last month live-streamed a hitting session with French ace Lucas Pouille in Dubai , Federer 's practice center when they are on Tour .
Asked today whether they could win another Grand Slam , Federer replied “ I 'll even take two or three or four . ”
John Chambers , a former Brooklyn prosecutor who established a profitable boutique law practice helping clients get and hang onto gun licenses , was convicted on Tuesday of bribing a police sergeant for favors at the NYPD and in Nassau County .
Chambers was found guilty on the second day of deliberations in Manhattan federal court of paying off former NYPD Sgt . David Villanueva , 44 , of Valley Stream , for more than nine years with a stream of gifts , including dinners , clothes , expensive watches and cash .
The panel of 10 women and two men convicted Chambers of bribery , honest services wire fraud and two counts of conspiracy . They face a maximum sentence of 50 years in prison , though their actual sentence probably will be much shorter .
U.S. District Judge William Pauley scheduled their sentencing for Aug. 9 . Defense lawyers Roger Stavis and Steve Brounstein said they were “ disappointed ” but planned to appeal .
Jurors rejected defense assertions that the gifts were the result of a real friendship , and not bribes , despite testimony from Chambers ' wife that as a transgender man , Chambers valued Villanueva as one of their few male friends , took the cop and their wife out on birthday and sports outings , and included their kids in the gift-giving .
After the verdict , jurors said the transgender aspect of the case came up in deliberations primarily in the form of concern for what Chambers may face in jail .
“ There was sympathy for everyone involved , ” said juror Joanne Hvala .
During the weeklong trial , Villanueva , who pleaded guilty themselves and agreed to testify in a bid for leniency , said Chambers was one of four license “ expediters ” who bribed them and described their relationship with Chambers as a “ transactional friendship . ”
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday 's Breaking News alerts in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
They testified that they felt “ obligated ” to Chambers as a result of the stream of gifts , expediting permits for their clients and imposing lighter sanctions on clients whose licenses were subject to revocation after domestic violence or other scrapes with the law .
Villanueva also said they used their relationships with colleagues in the Nassau County police department to get favored treatment for Chambers ' clients there , and was paid $ 2,000 in cash for their help on three cases .
3 things Manuel Pellegrini needs to do at West Ham United before the start of next season
With Manuel Pellegrini at the helm , the east Londoners have to make these improvements to boost their prospects next season .
West Ham United unveil Pellegrini
West Ham United officially appointed Manuel Pellegrini as their new manager on 22 May .
Given the amount of experience the Chilean possesses , having already managed clubs like Villarreal , Real Madrid and most notably Manchester City , their return to the Premier League has delighted the fans and critics alike .
The Hammers had a forgettable campaign this season , which saw Slaven Billic sacked in November last year before the now-outgoing manager , David Moyes put them in some sort of revival path as they finished the season at 13th from the top .
With Pellegrini at the helm , the east Londoners would like to better that tally and aim for a possible European qualification next season .
With the present squad lacking quality in both attack and defence , however , they will have their work cut out for him .
Here are three things the Chilean needs to do with the current West Ham side before the next season starts .
# 3 Sort out Manuel Lanzini 's contract issues
2018 EPL Premier League Football West Ham Utd v Everton May 13th
Pellegrini believes in possession based build-up play from midfield and Manuel Lanzini is worth their weight in gold in that regard .
Nicknamed La Joya , Spanish for ‘ The Jewel ' , the Argentina international has been a fan favourite since their arrival in 2015 .
With five goals and six assists from 27 Premier League appearances last season , he 's been a real shot in the arm for the Hammers in the latter part of their campaign this season .
More than the numbers , it 's their style of play that makes them indispensable to the club and brings them all the plaudits they deserve . They are proactive , they thrive with the ball , he 's got pace and phenomenal technical ability to ghost past defenders . At age 25 , they are yet to hit their peak .
Ideally , they are the kind that Pelligrini can trust . The play-maker still has two years left on their current contract , however , a new contract is overdue , as a pay rise matching the likes of Michail Antonio and Marko Arnautovic , would ensure their assured future at the club .
Pellegrini needs to sort out those contract issues as soon as possible and provide the Argentine a free hand in their attacking midfield .
That should speed up the process , and perhaps fix some of the more egregious incidents , but likely wo n't end the howls of protest from players and coaches when a decision goes against their team . And goalies are now wondering if they need to start embellishing contact to get the officials attention .
In Winnipeg , goalie Connor Hellebuyck was slashed on the mask by James Neal as Vegas ' Erik Huala scored . In Boston , goalie Jake Allen was swept out of their crease by a sliding Jake DeBrusk , leaving an open net for David Krejci .
`` I can take a stick to the face , but just because I do n't throw my head back and make it obvious , I feel like I got kind of screwed on this , '' Hellebuyck lamented after the game .
There was consternation in Edmonton in May when Corey Perry backed into Cam Talbot just as a goal was scored that helped Anaheim come back from a two-goal deficit for a key Game 4 win in their second round playoff series .
Perry also has no idea what will or wo n't be called , but wo n't stop going to the net looking for goals .
`` It can go any way on any given night , '' said Perry . `` It is what it is and you just keep pushing forward .
`` You have to score and you have to go to those areas to score . If it does n't go your way you move on . I think in the end they even out but you might not be happy on a given night . ''
Former NHL goalie Brian Hayward , the analyst on Ducks ' broadcasts , has noticed something of a pattern to the calls .
`` Where I see the interference being called is when the goalie is being aggressive , '' said Hayward . `` We had an incident with the Ducks ( Thursday ) night where Bobby Ryan had both skates in the crease , but Ryan Miller did n't make it look like they were trying to get to the top of the crease .
`` You almost have to do that now — to fight for your space . I do n't know if embellishing it a bit helps or not , but I know that the hyper-aggressive goaltenders like Jon Quick in Los Angeles , who like to play in front of the crease , seem to get the calls a lot more than the guys that play a little more passively . ''
Montreal forward Brendan Gallagher , who likes to park near the crease , recognizes there may be no clear-cut way to interpret the rules , but says there is a way for the calls to be consistent .
`` To me it feels like an easy solution , '' said Gallagher . `` Right now , there 's a call on the ice and it 's a different person making the decision every night when the refs look at it .
`` That 's where the inconsistencies come from . If you just have one or two people sitting in an office in Toronto watching the games and they make the final decision , you 'll start to see more consistency because they 'll have the same viewpoint on the rule .
`` It is n't something that 's black and white , but if it 's the same person making the decision over and over , you 'll start to get more consistency and players will start to understand it . ''
By Bill Beacon , The Canadian Press
BRISBANE , Australia — Alexander Zverev has beaten Australia 's Nick Kyrgios 6-2 , 7-6 ( 3 ) , 6-2 in the first reverse singles Sunday to advance Germany to the Davis Cup World Group quarterfinals .
Germany went into Sunday 's play leading 2-1 after a double win Saturday . A fifth best-of-three singles match was to be played later Sunday .
The fifth-ranked Zverev says : `` It 's an amazing feeling , hopefully this is just the beginning for us . ''
No . 14-ranked Kyrgios looked frustrated from the start of the match on hard courts at Pat Rafter Arena , and required a second-set medical timeout to receive treatment on their right arm .
AAA Michigan says gas prices statewide have risen by about 7 cents per gallon in the past week .
The Dearborn-based auto club says early Monday the average price for self-serve regular unleaded gasoline was about $ 2.51 per gallon . Prices are about 24 cents more than at the same point last year .
Michigan 's lowest average price was about $ 2.45 per gallon in the Traverse City area . The highest was about $ 2.62 per gallon in the Marquette area . It was the second consecutive week that the Marquette area had the highest average .
The Detroit-area 's average rose about 1 cent to $ 2.50 per gallon .
AAA Michigan surveys daily fuel prices at 2,800 gas stations across the state .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved .
By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on sexual misconduct allegations against President Donald Trump ( all times local ) :
2:55 p.m .
The White House is pushing back on sexual misconduct allegations against President Donald Trump , saying they have already denied them .
Three women who previously accused Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories Monday on NBC 's “ Megyn Kelly Today. ” They 're calling for a congressional investigation .
Advertisement
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders says Trump “ has addressed these accusations directly and denied all of these allegations. ” They say the people decided in November to elect them regardless .
Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks are among the women who have alleged harassment by Trump .
The White House has called the claims false and “ totally disputed in most cases . ”
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations has said the women should be heard .
___
10:30 a.m .
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC 's “ Megyn Kelly Today . ”
Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades .
The White House called the claims false and “ totally disputed in most cases. ” It said “ the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes . ”
One of the accusers , Rachel Crooks , called the White House statement “ laughable . ”
Crooks says of sexual misconduct : “ I think politicians seem to be immune to this . ”
The women , who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election , were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump 's alleged behavior .
Stars to go no-makeup in Who Magazines Most Beautiful People The West Australian
The special issue hits the shelves this Thursday and this year there 's a push for natural beauty .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
February can be a tough month for both us and our purse strings , with half term , Valentine 's and general winter blues all hitting us at once .
So treat yourself to a wallet-friendly mini-break with 10 % off all Travelodge stays in February - and 15 % off stays in March and April - as long as you book yours via LateRooms.com .
The flash sale will last from 24 hours only , ending at 23.59 tonight ( 15 February ) and applies to all 288 Travelodge 's on the LateRooms site .
Whether you 're after trip to London with your friends , a romantic city escape or a family trip to the countryside with your kids , you can save up to 15 % off your booking .
The discount will be applied automatically and you can browse every hotel included here , or see our round-up of the 7 best getaways below .
Top Travelodge deals
Enjoy all the beautiful sights of Edinburgh without the hustle and bustle of the city centre , by staying at Edinburgh Dreghorn .
Conveniently located close to the famous castle , zoo and national museum , you could also stop for a spot of skiing at the world 's largest dry ski slope nearby , or for a drink along the Royal Mile .
Book here .
Whether you 're a Beatlemanic or an art fanatic , there 's something for everyone in the city of Liverpool .
Stay right in the heart of the action , close to the riverside , central shops , museum , Tate and Albert Dock , which are all within a mile of the hotel .
Book here .
( Photo : Getty )
If you 're looking for a rural retreat , this picturesque Scottish town on the banks of the River Tay looks like something off the front of a postcard .
Stroll through the beautiful gardens of elegant Scone Palace , gaze at the views from Kinnoul Hill or wander through the Elcho Castle orchards . Or if that 's not quite for you , there 's also the Famous Grouse distillery or Perth Concert Hall and Racecourse .
Book here .
( Photo : Getty )
Within walking distance of some of London 's most iconic attractions ( and 5 minutes from Waterloo station ) , if you 're looking for a city break in the capital , this is the best location of them all .
Explore buzzing Covent Garden 's shopping , theatres and restaurants , Westminster 's Houses of Parliament and Big Ben , or the Tower of London and the London Eye , which are all within a mile of the hotel .
Book here .
( Photo : Getty )
An eclectic mix of shops and buzzing venues located right on your doorstep , the city of Leeds is especially suited to those looking for an activity-filled day of shopping , theatres , museums and live music .
Stay right in the centre of the lively and historic city , where you 're in walking distance of the buzzing nightlife and restaurant scene , plus all the main attractions such as the Royal Armouries Museum and Kirkstall Abbey .
Book here .
Cardiff is well known for its vibrant town and nightlife , but the Welsh capital is also a massive cultural hub , especially if you stay in the scenic Cardiff Bay .
A historic yet ultra-modern city , the hotel sits close to the waterfront , and is home to the Millennium Centre ( the heart of performing arts ) , Principality Stadium , boat trips , funky bars and an array of restaurants - which are all within walking distance .
Book here .
( Photo : Getty )
Shop until you drop in the shopping capital of the North , then head over to the Printworks in the evening and discover a plethora of restaurants , clubs and bars .
Ideally located near the railway station and in the centre of town , Manchester 's ability to have you lost is one of its most appealing qualities , whether its in a vintage clothes store or a huge shopping precinct .
Book here .
This is a tremendously hard piece to write - but when I was considering what I wanted to talk about in terms of how I 'm feeling about the marathon , I could only think of this topic .
It 's not about tech ( so I had to get special dispensation to even write this column for TechRadar ) but it 's something I 've wanted to write for a long while .
I suffer from depression and anxiety to varying degrees - sometimes it 's OK , other times it 's destructive and I ca n't eat , sleep or even function without inexplicably shaking . And running can magnify that feeling hugely , be it training or in a race .
Before I get into how this relates to London , I should say that I 've been in weekly counselling for a while and I feel like it 's finally having a positive effect .
This is also something I 've shared with very few friends or workmates but I 'm writing it in the hope that , with the positive noises around mental health in the lead up to the London Marathon , it might reach someone going through the same thing .
The smiling lie
The most common question I 've been asked this week is : ‘ How are you feeling for the race ? ' I 'll smile and say ‘ Oh , you know… pretty good . I 've done all I can . '
But in reality , I 'm petrified . I 'm scared I 'll run too fast , it 'll be too hard and the stress of it all will trigger a huge anxiety attack in the middle of the race as the end feels too far away .
It 's been hard to admit , but I 've never been able to answer the question of why I run every day or try so hard to train for races .
People tell me such focus is not normal , and I 'm inclined to agree . I do n't get the ‘ runner 's high ' . Going for a jog does n't clear my head or help me meditate . I just want - have - to keep getting faster as a way to distract from feeling so dull inside .
The best way to describe anxiety is one of trying to relax at home while knowing there are multiple soldiers ready to smash through the door and shoot you .
That means feeling any kind of contentment is impossible - always unsettled and ready to fight . As such , the ‘ happiness tap ' inside , the one that makes us feel like everything will be OK , has stopped flowing thanks to anxiety plunging a stopper into the end .
As that continues , you panic that it 's going to never flow again and you 'll die of thirst - and any moment you feel a touch of happiness it 's an all-consuming desire to repeat it , hoping to turn the trickle of pleasure into something that will last forever .
Sadly , that 's impossible . Life is about letting things happen , accepting that it will all be OK in the end - but I ca n't do that .
That 's what running has become to me - a chance to get stronger , to run faster , to always do better . It 's the constant promise that if I keep trying and clawing away at the goal , the happiness will flow if I finally perform as well as I can .
The thing is , it does n't . I ca n't possibly live up to that dream . Any triumph is squeezed of all joy instantly , a PB becomes a benchmark that I should be achieving , not a celebration .
So starts another cycle of trying to run faster . I scratch around for a goal that I think is beyond me , and if it feels like something that would be a genuine achievement then I feel elated : imagine if I could do the impossible ?
Imagine the adulation , the wonderful feeling that would elicit ... it 's an intoxicating possible antidote .
The possible feeling of greatness is enough to keep me going , to keep me training , to keep me trying harder again , and again , and again .
The unbreakable cycle
I come up with the most grandiose training plans , every time refining something a little bit harder to try and shave off a few more seconds… because the faster I can go , the better I am .
I sit on the internet , browsing scientific data , looking at marathon plans , trying to outsmart biology and experience and find shortcuts to improvements through dedicated Googling . It becomes all-consuming .
The thing is , I know that it borders on obsession . My close friends joke that I 'm becoming boring , that I 'm no longer fun… but it 's the only way I know to keep my mind occupied , following a structure that I know offers just enough hope to be worthwhile .
People laughingly ask what I 'm running from when they hear how much I do , and the truth is simple : feeling anxious .
Then there are the times that it strikes when running . If I 'm in a bad phase of anxiety , which can sometimes last for days , my appetite falls away and I eat very little . Trying to do an 18 mile training run having only had a single meal in the last day or two is pretty tough .
It 's a choice between dropping a run on the training plan ( unthinkable - I have to follow it exactly or it 's all worthless ) or toughing it out on low energy… which is horrible .
Worse than that is the 'race voice ' though , the one that feels the weight of the miles ahead and screams their potential crushing into all corners of my brain . The second I start to feel effort the voice tells me that it 's all falling apart , and in a marathon that effort starts pretty soon .
I 've had panic attacks in triathlons , terrified I ca n't get out the water and I 've got 90 % left of the swim to go . Weeks of training wasted as I splashed around panicking .
These pictures paint a very accurate picture of how I was feeling during this race .
Or my first marathon where I started to feel the panic creeping in at mile 11 , and by mile 16 the weight of the task took a bat to my face and made me walk . I never walked in races , but I 'd blown . That was it . The end of my running career .
I 'd cracked and I would never repair it . I ran-walked to the end , but it was terrible - a complete waste of training again .
A positive future
But there 's the thing - neither the marathon nor triathlon was a disaster . They felt like it on the day , but without that marathon I would n't have gone so quickly later in the year , allowing for the pressure and running accordingly .
The smart thing for London would be to follow the same thing I did in my improved second marathon and just try to do it a little faster .
But it 's hard to ignore that little voice telling me that I need to try harder , to be better… to taste the high that I can only obtain if I give it everything and I do n't let the anxiety take over .
But at mile 18 , that black , sucking void could be destructive if I push too hard . The voice will tell tell me that I 've ruined everything and make me slow far more than I really need to , in a desperate bid to bring the happiness back to my brain by taking away the effort .
This is my outfit for the London Marathon - if you see me give me a shout !
My mind and body completely disconnected , I 'll panic again knowing that the only way to ‘ do well ' and save my race is to let them work together seamlessly , flowing with one another… but that 's the same as knowing I need to leave the tap alone . I ca n't just force it .
So if you 've ever felt the same thing - or you ( hopefully ) do n't have the same condition but are still worried that the weight of such a monumental event will squeeze any hope out of you - here 's what I 'd want someone to tell me :
Do whatever it takes to ease the pressure . Focus only on what you can do , not the person next to you or the member of your running club you 're hoping to beat is doing .
Get to the edge of your own pain threshold and take a couple of steps back . When the race starts to bite , ask yourself if you can do another mile at this pace . Or half a mile . Or 10 steps . If the answer is yes , ask yourself the same question when that section is over .
Do n't feel like you 've got to run the whole race in the next 10 minutes… break it down bit by bit and find the enjoyment wherever you can get it .
Do n't run into the anxiety , run with it - pop the demon on your shoulder and carry on .
Because it will be hard . So hard , at times . You 're running a goddamn marathon , after all . But look inside yourself and see what you can do , and do it . There 's nothing more to offer .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Vanessa Fisher 's first birth was n't what they expected , and they were disappointed by the whole hospital experience .
So when they fell pregnant with baby number two they knew they wanted to do something different , and after a lot of research found the perfect thing .
They decided they wanted everything to be completely natural , and set their heart on a lotus birth .
The unusual method , which has been heavily criticised by some medical experts , sees the new parents not cutting the umbilical cord and leaving the placenta attached to the newborn until it drops off naturally .
Many doctors warn against this procedure , stating there is a higher risk of infection . However Vanessa was determined to go ahead .
The next step was convincing their husband Nick .
( Image : Facebook )
Speaking to Mirror Online , they said : `` In the beginning my husband was surprised by the idea , but supportive , nonetheless .
`` Other family members were not fond of the idea .
`` I think that the most reluctance stemmed from the fact that it was unfamiliar .
`` I did n't find anyone 's objections valid enough to reconsider my decision .
`` Unorthodox is difficult for people to conceptualise , we are so accustomed to the limitations of western medicine , we stick to what we know without much consideration for the alternative .
`` Their arguments included the placenta is definitely unattractive and the placenta being attached would require that they be even more careful with the baby . ''
So when little Ashton Nathaniel Fisher arrived earlier this month weighing 8lbs 8oz the process began .
( Image : Lane B Photography & Kim Hammond Photography )
To reduce the risk of infection they washed it , covered it in salt and herbs including lavender and rosemary .
Vanessa said : `` In the days following their birth , Ashton 's cord became very dry and brittle like a twig .
`` On day five the cord snapped .
( Image : Vanessa Fisher )
`` The placenta was separate and a portion of the cord remained connected to the naval .
`` On day nine the remaining piece of the cord detached from the naval .
`` The process was successful . It did n't cause any infection or discomfort to the baby .
`` My son decided they would n't even hold the baby until the placenta was done away with .
`` Whether the cord is cut or not it detaches naturally . An old saying `` if it aint broke , do n't fix it '' comes to mind when i think of the lotus birth .
`` There was absolutely no flaw in the way that God designed any part of the process from conception , to delivery , to breastfeeding .
( Image : Vanessa Fisher )
`` None of the process requires prompting , all of it was beautifully orchestrated . ''
The couple decided to have a lotus birth very early into the pregnancy .
They said : `` I found that there were mothers who left the cord attached for several minutes or hours after birth to allow for the placenta to stop pulsating .
`` This would ensure that there was time for a full placental blood transfer to the baby . Taking that idea a step further was the lotus birth .
`` The idea really resonated with me because I was already set on embracing a very natural approach to this pregnancy , and cutting out any unnecessary medical interference was important to me .
( Image : Lane B Photography & Kim Hammond Photography )
`` It was very early in the pregnancy that we decided that this would be added to our birth plan .
`` In my mind i imagine the baby spending ten months in the uterus only knowing their mother giving them life , their placenta offering them nourishment and the umbilical cord connecting them to both .
`` After birth the baby is normally is taken from the womb and separated from their cord and placenta , a series of events that I imagine could be emotionally traumatic for baby .
`` A reintroduction to mother externally can not be avoided , but a gradual separation from the umbilical cord and placenta seems more emotionally considerate of baby .
`` I believe that in the time that the cord is naturally detaching and the placenta is completing its job providing nutrients and blood to baby , baby has time to establish a new bond and dependency on the father . ''
The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists has released a statement warning of the potential dangers of lotus births .
Dr Patrick O'Brien said : `` If left for a period of time after the birth , there is a risk of infection in the placenta which can consequently spread to the baby .
`` The placenta is particularly prone to infection as it contains blood .
`` Within a short time after birth , once the umbilical cord has stopped pulsating , the placenta has no circulation and is essentially dead tissue . ''
The organisation also recommended that any woman who wants to have a lotus birth has their baby monitored closely for any signs of infection .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The new royal baby is less than 48 hours old , but it 's fair to assume he 's probably already got everything they could possibly need .
But there will still be lots of people who want to buy the new prince a little present to welcome them to the world .
Normally , you would buy a new baby a cuddly toy or a cute baby grow - but what do you buy the fifth in line to the throne ?
Well it turns out people do n't need to worry about that any more , as Prince William and their wife Kate have revealed what they actually want people to get them as a gift .
( Image : AFP )
A statement has been published on the official Kensington Palace website , thanking people for their generosity at this time .
But the Duke and Duchess believe people 's kindness should be directly to people who really need it .
So the couple have asked people not to buy presents for the new royal baby , and to donate to charity instead .
The statement says : `` The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are extremely grateful for the support and goodwill being expressed at this happy time .
( Image : Ian Vogler/Daily Mirror )
( Image : Getty )
`` However , Their Royal Highnesses do not wish to encourage the sending of gifts to them on this occasion , and feel that any generosity of spirit felt by individuals should be directed to those more in need .
`` As such , they would be grateful if people wishing to give gifts look to provide their support in one of two ways ''
`` By donating to a children 's charity which is local to them ( i.e . to the gift giver ) as a way of marking the birth of Their Royal Highnesses ' third child ;
or , alternatively , by donating to Evelina London Children 's Hospital .
( Image : DAILY MIRROR )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : DAILY MIRROR )
Under the royal family 's rules , gifts from commercial organisations ca n't be accepted and they must be returned to the sender .
Kate gave birth to their third child , a healthy boy weighing 8lbs 7oz , just after 11am on Monday in the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington .
They left the hospital that evening , but not before Prince George and Princess Charlotte arrived at the hospital to meet their new little brother .
House Split On Immigration Might Be Good Politics For Some Moderate Republicans
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rich Pedroncelli/AP Rich Pedroncelli/AP
House Republican leaders are struggling to contain a growing split within their party over immigration policy . But for some vulnerable moderates breaking from some of the GOP 's hardest-line proposals could be the key to avoiding defeat in November .
Californian Steve Knight is one of nearly two dozen House Republicans who have signed on to a petition to force the House to vote on immigration proposals as early as next month . The plan is to allow the House to vote on at least four bills , including a pathway to citizenship that many conservatives hate .
That plan frustrates House leaders who worry a messy fight on immigration will divide the party and boost Democrats ' chances of winning control of the House in November . But Knight said Monday in an interview at a Memorial Day event in their home district that they are confident that it 's better for them if they at least try to pass some immigration legislation .
`` This is doing probably one of the hardest things in America that we 've ever tried to do , '' Knight said . `` I underhand that but I think we have the votes to get something done . ''
Knight said the best path forward is a bill to combine some measures for increased border security with legal protections for the roughly 800,000 people who stand to lose protections under Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , or DACA . They said he 's heard from voters in their district and he 's confident that is what they want .
`` People have said that consistently , '' Knight said . `` If I just do n't listen then I 'm not listening to the people in my district . ''
That position puts them at odds with many in their party , including House conservatives and President Trump .
Trump continues to lean into the same hard-line position on immigration that was their signature in 2016 — they want a wall along the border with Mexico and broad crackdowns on illegal immigration . They told a crowd in Tennessee Tuesday night that Republicans need to be tough if they want to win .
`` And you can say what you want , but I think border security and security in general is a great issue for the Republican Party , '' Trump said . `` I think it 's a great issue . Not a bad issue . ''
But Democrats and many moderates disagree . They say a majority of Americans oppose a wall , and point to polls like a recent ABC News/Washington Post survey that showed 86 percent of voters support the DACA program .
The issue is even more personal in California , a state that is home to nearly 30 percent of all DACA recipients .
That 's part of why Knight is willing to risk angering party leaders . They represent one of the 23 districts that voted for Hillary Clinton in 2016 but voted for a Republican for Congress . Democrats believe Republicans are unpopular across the country and particularly here , in part because of issues like immigration .
But Democrats here have n't figured out the right way to campaign against a Republican like Knight . With less than a week to go before their June 5 primary , the two top Democrats are at odds over whether they should court progressives or stick to more moderate policies that could help them win votes from a wider range of voters . In California 's system , all candidates — regardless of party — compete in the primary and the two top vote-getters advance to the general election in the fall .
Bryan Caforio is the most progressive of the Democrats running here and they say Knight 's rogue move signing the immigration petition wo n't be enough to set them apart .
`` It 's a huge issue and frankly Steve Knight is n't doing anything on it , '' Caforio said while knocking on doors in the high desert city of Palmdale . `` Signing a discharge petition , that probably wo n't go through when four bills will be put up anyway , some of which are horrible , is nothing but trying to confuse people into thinking they care . ''
Their opponent Katie Hill takes a more moderate approach . She 's in line with party leaders in Washington who want to trade some border security money for DACA protections . They argue its the right way to win votes in this moderate suburban district .
`` We are going to have to make sure that we 've got the best possible chance of defeating them in the fall , '' Hill said in an interview at a canvassing kickoff last weekend in Simi Valley .
The two Democrats are at odds over more than just immigration in a race that has grown increasingly tense in recent weeks . Hill insists that their moderate approach is the only way Democrats stand a chance of beating Knight in November .
Recent analysis from The Cook Political Report ranked the seat as a toss-up that could trend more favorably for Democrats if they win in the primary .
But , Knight says they are n't worried about facing one of them in November .
`` This district has never flipped , '' Knight said .
The California Republican is confident that their position on immigration is right for their district . They said they know immigration is a tough issue for Republicans but they say its not for him .
Plus , they say , voters have a lot more on their minds than just immigration .
`` We got into Congress to work on military , veterans and small business , '' Knight said . `` That 's what we 've done . They know that . The veterans know that . We 've kept our word . ''
Bert Brionies , a Democrat here , agrees . They say they respect that Knight took their own route on immigration . Plus , they like Knight 's work on local issues .
Briones knows Democrats need to defeat Republicans like Knight to win control of the House . But , they trust their member of congress and he 's planning to vote for them in November .
`` I 'm more in favor of Knight . He 's been in office longer , '' they said . `` I 'd like to stay with the Democrats but if I see that someone has ideas that would favor my way of thinking then yea , I 'd sway towards that . ''
Knight 's split on immigration may infuriate Republican leaders but it could be the key to helping the GOP keep their House majority .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A convicted sex predator , dubbed the 'Da Vinci rapist ' , has been moved to a maximum security prison after they broke rules during a home leave visit .
Robert Greens , 39 , was in Castle Huntly open jail and having days out of the prison as they awaited to be released , the Daily Record reports .
But Greens has now seriously jeopardised their prospects of freedom after they visited a town where they are banned .
It 's the second time Greens has been busted for breaching release conditions .
( Photo : Sunday Mail )
They were driven out of prison in a Mercedes in 2012 after serving almost seven years for raping a Dutch student .
But months later , Greens was back inside because they broke their parole terms by visiting the home town of their former wife .
It 's understood that 's also why they were busted this time .
Green has now been moved from the open prison , near Dundee , to maximum security Edinburgh jail .
( Photo : PA )
A prison source said : “ He 's a silly man . He 's done over 10 years but keeps getting time added on for breaking conditions .
“ He was in Castle Huntly and was getting home leave and supervised visits . But on at least one occasion , he 's been found in an area they are not allowed to enter .
“ He was due a parole hearing this year but this could now be in doubt as they ca n't be trusted to do as he 's told .
( Photo : MEN )
“ It would appear they have again tried to enter the town they are banned from . Because he 's so well-known , it would be difficult for them to do so under the radar and they keep getting caught . ”
Greens , 39 , was labelled the Da Vinci rapist after they attacked the student near Rosslyn Chapel in Midlothian – a location in Dan Brown 's bestseller The Da Vinci Code .
The victim , 19 , suffered horrific injuries . Greens blamed their twin brother for the attack .
The Scottish Prison Service said : “ We do n't discuss individual prisoners . ”
focus zx1 It will be trusted which delayed government enhances cerebrum metabolic rate . Each one of us has watched like having a foggy mind . Such a sickness might be activated by a great deal of elements alongside an aftereffect , deficient unwind , or an ailment . It connotes that a mind declines to execute without bounds .
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Dodgers will pay tribute to one of baseball 's most celebrated home runs by introducing a `` Kirk Gibson seat '' at Dodger Stadium .
The seat will be added in the right field pavilion at the spot where Gibson 's game-ending homer landed during Game 1 of the 1988 World Series . The chair will be painted blue and feature Gibson 's signature , the team announced Monday .
Tickets will cost $ 300 for a package that includes a companion seat , two commemorative T-shirts and food and drink . The Dodgers will donate $ 200 from each purchase to the Kirk Gibson Foundation to raise money and awareness for Parkinson 's research .
`` Kirk Gibson was part of one of the greatest moments in Dodger history , and we 're thrilled to partner with Kirk to help them and their foundation raise funds and awareness in fighting Parkinson 's disease , '' Chief Marketing Officer Lon Rosen said in a statement .
5 ways Joe Root can make England a better side
The appointment of Joe Root as Test skipper comes as no surprise . But will they succeed in their new role ?
by rohit sankar Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017 , 16:07 IST
Joe Root could be more suited at no.4 for England
The resignation of skipper Alastair Cook after a disastrous Indian tour was expected as was the promotion of Joe Root , Cook 's most faithful student in their tenure at the helm . But the challenges awaiting captain Root are huge and whether they survive them like a warrior or succumbs to them will decide their future as England skipper .
World Cricket is used to seeing the best batsman of the team promoted to captaincy and doing extremely well . Take the case of Virat Kohli or Kane Williamson , both whom made a seamless transition to captaincy and in fact did a better job batting when captaining the side .
If Joe Root can keep up with the current trend , England will be pleased . But captaincy as such is much more than individual performances and Root will have to lift up their troops from the wounds suffered in India .
Here we take a look at five ways Joe Root can make England a better Test outfit than under Cook .
Also Read : Who Said What : World reacts as Joe Root is appointed as England 's Test captain
# 5 Defining the top order
A huge challenge that awaits Root will be the Ashes in December , before which they have important series against the South Africans and West Indies . While South Africa under Du Plessis is a huge challenge , England are expected to win on their home ground .
Joe Root will have the task of defining their top order before that . When Keaton Jennings and Haseeb Hameed are both fit , Root will have to find a place for them . The no.4 slot was occupied by Moeen Ali without much success and there could be an opening at 4 if Ali is asked to go back down the order .
Root can push themselves down to 4 , where they have had great success and ask one of Jennings or Hameed to occupy the crucial no.3 spot . While it will be a huge test for the youngsters , having a technically correct batsman at three is a plus . If they can inspire them to good performances , England will have an answer to a long-standing issue .
STRATFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) –It 's down to this meager supply of the flu vaccine at Stratford Medicine with St. Vincent 's Medical Center .
Fortunately , the demand has not been as high as in previous weeks .
“ The last few weeks has been what I would call an avalanche of people calling in or coming in with what they suspect might be flu like symptoms , ” says internist Dr. Charles Bruce-Tagoe .
Related : Officials report 52 flu-related deaths in Connecticut
More flu shots are on the way they say , which has already been re-stocked twice since the initial order back in the fall , “ We have about 80 percent coverage in vaccination . There are some who are adamant about not getting the vaccines so for them we tell them the slightest sign of illness , come and see us . ”
The flu tests , also re-ordered , with just a handful left for patients .
So they 're being judicious about it , if someone wants to be swabbed for the test .
Dr. Bruce-Tagoe says , “ We 'll take in their history , examine them appropriately and reassure them they did n't have the flu and therefore they did n't need to have the test , so we do n't waste the testing . ”
The flu was tough on Shannon Sopp 's family .
Related : Health officials calling for action to fix shortage of IV saline
Two of their loved ones came down with it — they and their daughter managed to avoid it .
Shannon says , “ We were able to not come across the flu and have been using Lysol and bleach cleanup like crazy . How bad was it ? it was pretty bad , pretty bad . The coughing and the sleepless nights and high fever , it was bad . ”
In the meantime , it 's not too late to get the vaccine and keep washing those hands .
“ This week has not been as bad as the couple weeks prior , ” says Dr. Bruce-Tagoe , “ it has gone down a bit but we 're still seeing a few with a lot of questions because we are not out of the woods yet . ”
Related : Dogs can get the flu , too
St. Vincent 's Medical Center , among health care centers , asking people to be vigilant when it comes to hospital visits .
The recommendations include , not visiting a patient , if you are sick or have been in contact with someone with respiratory symptoms .
Think about calling the patient instead .
And if you have to visit , follow the guidelines posted .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When it comes to picking a name , many new parents want something that will make their little bundle of joy stand out from the crowd .
While some stick to more traditional names , others are determined to pick something unusual and 'out there ' - we 're looking at you , Kim and Kayne ...
But sometimes these names can raise a few eyebrows with friends and family who would have preferred something a bit more , erm , common .
One woman is really unsure about the name their friend has picked out for their new baby boy .
( Image : Moment RF )
Writing on Mumsnet , they said : `` I was being nosy on Facebook earlier and saw someone I went to school with .
`` She 's had a baby boy and called them 'Chip ' . It 's definitely not short for anything , I saw the birth announcement . That 's their proper name .
`` I 'm all for variety and different names etc , but that 's too far is n't it ? ! Or am I being normal ? ''
Some people said the is n't actually that unusual , pointing out it 's normally a nickname for Charles and Christopher .
One mum said : `` I love it and would have had it but it was a big fat NO WAY from husband . ''
Another added : `` Not a common name . I 've been teaching for years and have yet to meet a Chip . I quite like it in it 's a own way . ''
( Image : Cultura RF )
Others were n't as keen .
One wrote : `` I think it 's a really cute nickname . But not as a proper name . ''
Another added : `` CHIP as a main Christian name/forename is a bit weird IMO . Not awful , but a bit weird .
`` I think it 's OK as a nickname but not a full first name . ''
One wrote : `` It is a totally awful name , and thankfully not common .
`` Biff , Chip and Kipper did spring to mind , as did Chip Shop . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Many members of the parenting website have been suggesting the new mum must be a fan of Beauty and the Beast or the children 's book series Biff , Chip and Kipper .
But some defended it , saying they did n't think there was anything wrong with it .
A user joked : `` Definitely unusual ! But there 's definitely worse .
`` It 's phonically sound , it 's readable and spellable . Might end up being a bit of a chip on their shoulder , but it 's a name . ''
Others said that when it comes to unusual names , it is n't anywhere near are questionable as others .
( Image : iStockphoto )
One woman wrote : `` It 's certainly not the most unusual name I 've heard ! I know an Ocean , a Blaze , an Indigo and a Phoenix .
`` I also have friends who have given their babies the cutesy forms of names rather than the formal ones as their official names .
`` I have a friend whose baby is Charley . That 's their actual name . Not Charles , shortened to Charley . I 'm trying to picture a 60 year old solicter named Charley .
`` But to each their own . Chip is a very old sounding name that is n't common today really , but if they like it , they like it . ''
Another added : `` It 's not my cup of tea but at least the child wo n't have to spell it out to people for the rest of their life though they may have to explain it , which could get annoying . ''
NEW YORK -- Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges , furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul .
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein `` another step closer to accountability . ''
The announcement came hours after Weinstein 's lawyers said he 'd decline to testify before the grand jury because there was n't enough time to prepare them and `` political pressure '' made an indictment unavoidable .
A statement issued through a Weinstein spokesperson said the 66-year-old film producer , who has denied the allegations , learned of the specific charges and the accusers ' identities only after turning themselves on Friday . With a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not , their request for more time was denied , the statement said .
`` Finally , Mr. Weinstein 's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein 's personal testimony might be , an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein , '' the statement said .
Vance said in a statement that the Weinstein camp 's `` recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable . ''
`` We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence , it will reject these attacks out of hand , '' Vance said .
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another . A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case , as it had been doing for weeks .
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury 's secret proceedings but often do n't , for various reasons .
Freed on $ 1 million bail and electronic monitoring , they were due back in court July 30 , though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment .
Beyond the two women involved in the case , dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales .
They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex , and their lawyer , Benjamin Brafman , said Tuesday that Weinstein was `` confident he 's going to clear their name '' in the New York prosecution .
Brafman called the rape allegation `` absurd , '' saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long , consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack .
The woman , who has n't been identified publicly , told investigators Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped them
The other accuser in the case , former actor Lucia Evans , has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004 . The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly .
Vance , a Democrat , came under public pressure from women 's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015 , when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting .
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct . But Vance decided there was n't enough evidence to bring charges .
Gov . Andrew Cuomo , also a Democrat , ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter .
-- By Jennifer Peltz
Researchers at IBM have developed a hub for wearables that can gather information from multiple wearable devices and share it with a doctor , potentially cutting down on the time patients need to spend in a hospital .
The gadget , which IBM has dubbed a 'cognitive hypervisor , ' funnels data from devices such as smartwatches and fitness bands into the IBM Cloud . There , it 's analyzed and the results are shared with the user and their doctor .
The idea is that patients can be monitored reliably through the device so they can be sent home to recover from illnesses a day or two earlier than they might otherwise have been allowed . It also means that should a problem develop , a doctor can be alerted immediately and an ambulance dispatched if it 's serious enough .
IBM demonstrated a prototype of the device in San Francisco on Tuesday .
`` I am Chiyo , your new companion . During this time , please touch me to start , '' it said after powering up . `` Every time you touch me , I will tell you about your status . ''
Magdalena Petrova IBM 's Chiyo health device as seen during a demonstration in San Francisco on February 14 , 2017 .
Fed with simulated data , the prototype alerted to a low blood oxygen level and a high temperature after it was tapped .
The device will react to voice commands and interact through a text-to-speech engine . One of the jobs facing researchers is to make the digital speech more realistic and more conversational .
Doing that will encourage users to interact with the device , said Rahel Strässle , a researcher working on the technology at IBM Research in Switzerland .
In developing the system , IBM is n't planning to get into the wearables business . Instead , it plans to offer the service as a platform on which other companies can build their own health services .
`` They can use this technology to build their own wearable devices , '' said Bruno Michel , manager of smart system integration at the same IBM Research office .
The prototype is about the size of a grapefruit and is built with off-the-shelf components such as a Raspberry Pi and Arduino boards , but Michel thinks it can be made much smaller .
`` I think in about five years , we will be able to have that fit into the ear canal , '' they said .
The Mayo Clinic Blood Donor Center is asking for your help after having low numbers in their inventory .
According to the clinic 's website , there is a need of A-positive and O-negative blood as well as an urgent need for platelets throughout the week . The center does have enough blood to get by , meaning it 's not yet a crisis .
Anyone who wants information on how to donate can go online , can call the center at 507-284-4475 .
The Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan , Sapar Isakov , is sure that Kubanychbek Kulmatov will cope with the tasks assigned to them as the chief customs officer of the country . They told journalists about this today .
The head of the Cabinet has already signed an order appointing Kulmatov the Chairman of the State Customs Service .
« During their time in customs ( in 2010-2013 ) , Kulmatov raised the revenue part more than 2.5 times . This is a very impressive figure . They were given the right to manage personnel . As prime minister I will support him . I also asked them to make a proposal for deputies . I am sure that they will improve the work of our customs system , » Sapar Isakov said .
They stressed that this personnel decision was their sole decision .
Kubanychbek Kulmatov admitted that they do n't know what was the situation in customs in recent years , starting from 2013 .
« The prime minister set the task of increasing the revenue side of the budget . There are a lot of questions . Kyrgyzstan has great potential in this regard , » they said .
Asked who can head the National Bank , Sapar Isakov did n't answer , noting that this is the prerogative of the President .
On a sunny spring Monday , six people were shot in the span of just two hours , Chicago police said . At least eight people have been shot since midnight - including a man at a CTA Red Line station - though the bulk of the shootings happened in the middle of the day.First , just after 10 a.m. , police said a man was shot in the stomach near West North Avenue and North Central Avenue in the city 's Austin neighborhood.Just an hour later , around 11:25 a.m. , police said a man was shot dead and a woman was critically injured in Chicago 's South Shore neighborhood . Police said the victims were in a car in the 7000-block of South Chappell Street when another vehicle drove by and fired shots into their car.An hour after that , just before 12:30 p.m. , police said another two people were shot on the Near West Side while walking down the street on South Leavitt Street . Police said a bullet grazed one victim in the face and pierced another in the neck.Shortly after the violent spree of shootings , Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson joined Big Brothers , Big Sisters at Chicago Police Headquarters . `` I think that we all know and recognize the violence we 've had in Chicago the past months and years . And I think a large part of it could be reduced by simply reaching out to young folks and have mentorship programs for them , which is why I really appreciated what Big Brothers , Big Sisters does , '' Johnson said.It 's an uneasy end to Spring Break in the midst of violent April . Over the weekend , police said one person was killed and 36 shot over the weekend . While the number of murders is down from 2016 , the number of shootings are up .
TORONTO -- The Red Sox rallied to tie it with a two-run top of the ninth inning . But Craig Kimbrel gave up a walkoff homer to Curtis Granderson with one out in the bottom of the 10th .
Granderson connected on a 96.5 mph four-seamer and sent it over the right field wall .
The Blue Jays won 4-3 here at Rogers Centre . The Red Sox have dropped three straight games .
Hanley Ramirez led off with a single and Rafael Devers singled with one out in the ninth .
Eduardo Nunez followed with an RBI single to right field to cut the deficit to 3-2 .
With one out and runners at the corners , Jackie Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . But Christian Vazquez walked to load the bases and Brock Holt delivered the game-tying single to left field .
Third base coach Carlos Febles made a poor decision to send Nunez , the potential go-ahead run , from second base .
Left fielder Curtis Granderson threw out Nunez by at least 10 feet .
Nunez does n't run well anymore after a knee injury last September and the Red Sox had their best hitter , Mookie Betts , on deck .
Benintendi struggling
Andrew Benintendi went 0-for-5 with four strikeouts , all swinging . He 's batting .227 with a .344 on-base percentage , .373 slugging percentage and .718 OPS .
Porcello hurls 7 strong innings
Rick Porcello pitched 7 innings , allowing just three runs ( all earned ) , three hits and three walks while striking out nine . The righty has a 1.93 ERA in five starts .
The Blue Jays jumped ahead 3-0 during the second . Porcello began the inning with a rare walk . They entered the start with just one walk in 25 2/3 innings .
But they walked a batter in both the first and second innings .
The Blue Jays put the hit-and-run on with Steve Pearce at first base and Russell Martin batting . Martin singled through the hole at second left open when Eduardo Nunez went to cover the bag .
With runners at the corners , Kevin Pillar grounded to Rafael Devers who tried to throw out Pearce at home . But their throw sailed high and wide . Sandy Leon could n't even attempt a tag .
Devers experienced more trouble at third base with runners at second and third and two outs . They should have at least knocked down a grounder hit by Curtis Granderson and kept in front of him . It instead got by them into shallow left field and two runs scored .
Happ baffles Red Sox
Another day , another dominant starting pitching performance against Boston .
J.A . Happ hurled 7 strong innings , allowing only one run , four hits and no walks while striking out 10 .
6.1
7
Charismatic Spaniard Rafa Cabrera Bello to headline Hero Indian Open
Rafa has been among the most consistent players in the world . They played in the 2016 Ryder Cup for Europe and was fifth at the Rio Olympics
by Press Release Report 15 Feb 2017 , 17:36 IST
New Delhi , February 15 , 2017 : Charismatic Spanish golfer Rafa Cabrera Bello has confirmed their participation in the 2017 edition of the Hero Indian Open next month . 32-year-old ‘ Rafa ' , as they are popularly known in the golfing community , has in the past year themselves established as one of the most consistent golfers on multiple Tours , including the European and PGA Tours .
From World No . 114 in December 2015 they rose to No . 27 at the end of December 2016 and is now No . 25 . Also in 2016 , they had six Top-10 finishes , including three second places – in Qatar , Dubai and Hong Kong – and missed just one cut in 27 starts around the world .
Interestingly , Cabrera Bello at No . 25 will be the best current ( at the time of the Hero Indian Open ) ranked player to play at the Hero Indian Open , which will be held from March 09 to March 12 , 2017 at the Gary Player course at the DLF Golf & Country Club .
They also played at the Rio Olympic Games and finished fifth . At the Ryder Cup they scored 2.5 points from three matches , winning their fourball in the company of Sergio Garcia against JB Holmes and Ryan Moore . The Spaniards halved the point in foursomes against Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed , before Rafa beat Jimmy Walker in singles completing a great debut .
This year Cabrera-Bello had a great start in the Middle East with three Top-20 finishes – T-19 in Abu Dhabi , T-6 in Qatar and T-11 in Dubai .
Cabrera Bello is the second highest world ranked Spaniard after Garcia , who is now in Top-10 of the world .
“ The Hero Indian Open has been a last minute addition to my schedule In fact I only confirmed for last week and I am looking forward to it . I have not put my mind to and have yet to study the course , ” said Cabrera Bello , who also enjoys other outdoors sports like surfing , skiing and spending time with family and friends .
As part of the golfing elite they will also be featuring in the World Golf Championships in Mexico , from where they will fly to India . They added , “ It is going to be a long flight from Mexico to India , but I am looking forward to it . ”
There is always talk that Cabrera Bello loves playing in Asia and does well . The affable and modest Cabrera Bello said , “ Modestly I am going to say that I have good results all over world also . So why not in Asia . Sometimes I find it difficult to adapt to the greens . I particularly like softer grass , but I also enjoy the challenge of playing on all surfaces , that makes you a better player and that is also one my goals . ”
As for winning , they added , “ I have to be patient . My game is good , and I could win any week , or I could even go longer without a win . I do n't want to stress about it , I just want to keep playing my golf , keep making cuts , putting myself in contention and just one day it will happen again. ” Maybe , in India !
Cabrera Bello 's record at the WGC is very good , having finished in Top-20 in the three they played in 2016 . They were third at WGC Dell Matchplay , where they lost in the semi-finals to Louis Oosthuizen , but beat Rory McIlroy in the fight for the third place . They were also 11th at WGC-Cadillac and T-19 at WGC-HSBC .
Also Read : 2017 Hero Indian Open : Chawrasia and Lahiri to spearhead the presence of a stellar global field
Talking about Spanish players coming to India , they said , “ I know Miguel ( Angel Jimenez ) came there a couple of years ago . I have also played there some years ago . So I am looking forward and will enjoy it . ”
As for the quality of Indian players , Cabrera Bello added , “ I know Indian players very good in India . I have played with guys like Jeev Milkha , SSP ( Chawrasia ) , Shiv ( Kapur ) and Anirban ( Lahiri ) . They are strong players , they play in a natural way and do n't have a mechanical swing , almost self-taught in way . Great to see them and others coming up . ”
The Massachusetts House on Wednesday will consider a bill to tax short-term room rentals .
Lawmakers have been considering different versions of bills to tax rentals , such as those sold through the website Airbnb , for the last couple of years . But they have not agreed on exactly how to do it .
Airbnb has said it is willing to collect taxes , but the company opposes the House bill .
`` This proposal is onerous and overly burdensome for our host community , and the kind of legislation the hotel industry has promoted across the country to prevent middle class families from earning additional income , '' said Airbnb spokesperson Crystal Davis .
Gov . Charlie Baker proposed taxing short-term rentals in the budget they introduced in 2017 . Baker 's bill would have extended the existing 5.7 percent hotel tax to people who rent out rooms for more than 150 days a year - essentially , those hosts that are operating a room as a hotel . The Senate made its own proposal in 2017 . But due to disputes over what exactly would be included in the tax and who it would apply to , none of the proposals became law .
The new House bill would impose a tax rate of between 4 and 8 percent , depending on how many units the person rents out . An individual who rents out their own apartment would be taxed at 4 percent , while a professional management company that owns more than six units would be taxed at 8 percent . A city or town would be authorized to impose a local option tax of 5 to 10 percent , depending on the number of units . The tax would be paid by the occupants at the same time as they pay for the room .
All short-term rentals would have to be listed in a state registry , which would be available online . If a city wants to authorize a local option tax , it has to inspect each rental unit for building code and safety violations , with the cost paid by the host .
Cities would be allowed to impose their own rules on short-term rentals - for example , limiting the number of days a unit can be rented for .
Anyone who rents out more than six units would be considered a `` professionally managed host '' and would be required to employ a property manager and maintain $ 1 million in liability insurance .
Hosting platforms , like Airbnb , would be required to maintain liability insurance and collect and remit the taxes .
The bill would not stop landlords from forbidding their tenants to rent out a unit .
Airbnb opposes requiring information about hosts - including their name , number of units and addresses - to be publicly available . It wants to ensure hosts can continue to operate while they are applying for a license or awaiting an inspection . The company also wants each city and town to be able to pass their own regulations .
`` Massachusetts is the only New England state to pass on the millions in tax revenue home sharing creates each year . The Commonwealth and its residents can only truly benefit from fair and reasonable short term rental rules , '' Davis said .
Baker said they have only seen the House version of the bill `` briefly , '' but they hope some version of a tax on short-term rentals becomes law during the current legislative session , which ends in July . `` My hope and my expectation is that the Airbnb legislation will be part of what ultimately gets done by the end of the session , '' Baker said . `` I think it 's an important issue . I think it 's a level playing field issue , and it 's unfortunate that it has n't happened already . ''
This story was updated to add Baker 's comments .
FLoyd Mayweather and Conor McGregorare actually going to meet in a boxing match on August 26th . The fact that this is really happening defies all odds . Conor McGregor will have to defy odds for a second time if he 's going to beat Mayweather . Spoiler alert : He 's not .
Mayweather will open as a hefty favorite and McGregor a big underdog . Numbers are different all over the place and the money is already coming in on McGregor because people love losing money playing the lottery .
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
In September 2017 , Sweden hosted Exercise Aurora , its largest military exercise in nearly 25 years . The exercise involved nearly 30 per cent of the Swedish Armed Forces , as well as troop contributions from NATO Allied and partner countries - which joined on a bilateral basis . The goal of the exercise was to build a stronger defence and increase capability to face an attack . As well as taking place in Stockholm and Gothenburg regions , the exercise featured air , land and sea assets on the island of Gotland and in the Stockholm archipelago . Aurora also featured collaboration between the military and the civilian emergency services .
Footage includes various shots of exercise Aurora in locations across Sweden .
Teaser : Sweden has hosted its largest military exercise for almost 25 years . Exercise Aurora involved air , land and sea assets , and focused on defending the Baltic Sea region together with NATO Allied and partner countries .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Voice viewers were treated to a rendition of Where Is The Love by Will.i.am tonight - but some fans felt one major thing let it down .
Or , well , one person .
Fans of the ITV singing competition took to Twitter to accuse Olly Murs of trying to `` steal the spotlight '' as they joined in on singing the famous Black Eyed Peas song .
One irritated viewer fumed : `` Sit the f * * * down Olly Murs , it ai n't even your song ! # TheVoiceUK . ''
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
While another commented : `` # TheVoiceUK why did Olly try to steal Wills spotlight there ! ''
`` I did n't think there was a way to ruin 'Where is the love ? ' but Olly Murs found a way tonight , just God awful and whiny . # TheVoiceUK , '' a third ranted .
A fan tweeted : `` Shut up Olly ... it 's rude to interrupt # TheVoiceUK . ''
Another remarked : `` They asked Will to sing a song not you Olly , shut up and stop butting in on Will 's moment # TheVoiceUK . ''
But others thoroughly enjoyed the duet and gushed that it was the `` highlight of their day '' .
One tweeted : `` Will.i.am and Olly Murs just busted out Where Is The Love on The Voice and wow ! ! # TheVoiceUK ''
While another commented : `` Olly singing where is the love wooo omg # TheVoiceUK @ ollyofficial . ''
* The Voice airs Saturdays at 8pm on ITV
A heavy police presence was established around a Page Blvd . home late Wednesday night . But , officials are not saying what is being investigated .
Police spokesperson Ryan Walsh said the scene at 1333-Page Blvd . is the subject of a Major Crimes unit investigation with Capt . Trent Duda heading it up .
Additional details about the incident will be posted as they become available .
Crime statistics for 2017 were released on Friday ( 20 April . ) Cayman saw an overall 1 % drop in crime , but a slight jump in serious crimes .
According to the stats , drug offences accounts for 4 % of Cayman crimes . Cayman 27 Jevaughnie Ebanks joined us live with more .
Possession of ganja with intent to supply more than doubled in 2017 over 2016 with a whopping 79 % rise . That 's according to the crime statistics report released on Friday . But let 's break down the drug numbers for 2017 .
Police forensically processed over 500 packages of drugs in Cayman , 562 to be more precise . Breaking that down police seized over 1,600 pounds of ganja and almost 4 kilos of cocaine .
Possession of ganja dropped by 2 % from 82 in 2016 to 80 in 2017 . Consumption of ganja also dropped by over 50 % with 2016 recording 33 arrests to 19 arrests in 2017 .
At the police conference on Friday Superintendent Robert Graham said things like drugs and other crimes can be reduced by proper community policing .
“ As we move forward as officer become more accessible more familiar to those particular communities then there will be more reporting and you know from a community perspective if you look at the roll of a community officer . It 's not just about building the relationships it about target hardening and addressing local issues , ” said Mr. Graham .
While ganja and cocaine seem to be Caymans drug of choice , police said they also seized 0.6 grams of ecstasy and 10.7 grams of amphetamines as well .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Charles Jenkins , Cold War Defector To North Korea , Dies At 77
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sadayuki Mikami/AP Sadayuki Mikami/AP
In 1965 , Charles Jenkins , a young U.S. Army sergeant stationed at the Demilitarized Zone in South Korea , made what they described decades later as the biggest mistake of their life : they got drunk , deserted their post and crossed over to North Korea .
Jenkins spent the next four decades as a Cold War trophy of Pyongyang , and the last years of their life -– after being freed in 2004 — on a small , isolated island in Japan with their wife , Hitomi Soga , a Japanese citizen who had also been freed after being abducted by North Korean spies in 1978 .
On Tuesday , Japan 's NHK broadcaster announced that Jenkins had died at age 77 . The cause was not immediately announced .
Born in Rich Square , N.C. , Jenkins dropped out of school at age 15 to sign up for the Army . However , it was not until years later , at age 24 , after their second posting to South Korea , that they made the fateful decision that changed their lives . In a 2006 interview with The Independent , they called it `` the biggest mistake I ever made . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
`` I know I was not thinking clearly at the time and a lot of my decisions do n't make sense now , but at the time they had a logic to them that made my actions seem almost inevitable , '' Jenkins wrote in 2008 in The Reluctant Communist : My desertion , court-martial and 40-year imprisonment in North Korea .
They said they thought they would be handed over to the Soviet Union and eventually returned to the U.S. in one of the semi-regular prisoner exchanges that were a fixture of the Cold War .
`` I was so ignorant , '' Jenkins told The Washington Post in a 2008 interview , describing their life in North Korea as like living in a `` giant , demented prison . ''
For the first eight years in North Korea , it was a literal prison : they were held in a small room with three other American defectors . They were forced to memorize the works of North Korean founder Kim Il-sung – earning a beating for any error .
( It was announced in August that fellow deserter James Joseph Dresnok , who crossed the border three years before Jenkins , had died the previous year `` pledging loyalty to the 'great leader Kim Jong-Un , ' their sons said , '' according to The Telegraph )
Enlarge this image toggle caption AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images
Jenkins later acted in propaganda movies and taught English to North Korean spies and military cadets .
In 1980 , they say they were `` presented '' with Soga and forced to marry her , but that the two later fell in love . North Korea eventually acknowledged its program of kidnapping Japanese citizens . In 2002 , Pyongyang released Soga , who returned to Japan . Two years later , Jenkins and the couple 's two daughters were allowed to join them
Enlarge this image toggle caption Karen Tam/AP Karen Tam/AP
After their release , Jenkins served 25 days in a U.S. military brig and was debriefed for two months about their knowledge of the secretive regime and its sensitive installations .
But even in their final years on Sado island , Jenkins never stopped looking over their shoulder .
`` My life is not worth five cents , I know that , '' they told The Independent in 2006 . `` I do n't think they [ North Korea ] have the nerve to come and get me , but they could assassinate me with a bullet through the head from a distance . ''
Dubai : Top shuttlers PV Sindhu and Kidambi Srikanth would be aiming for a great finale to what has been a good year for Indian badminton when they take the court at the USD one million Dubai Super Series Final starting on Wednesday .
Only the very best participate in this prestigious tournament with only the top eight in the respective men 's and women 's singles rankings earning the right to compete .
World No.3 Sindhu and World No.4 Srikanth ca n't afford to lower their guard when they begin their campaign against China 's world No . 9 Hi Bingjiao and World No.1 Viktor Axelsen of Denmark respectively at the Sheikh Hamdan Indoor Stadium .
Both Sindhu and Srikanth are coming into the tournament after a highly successful year .
Sindhu clinched the India Open and Korea Open , besides bagging a silver at Glasgow World Championship and finishing runners-up at Hong Kong Open last month .
Srikanth , on the other hand , became the only Indian , and fourth player ever , to win four Super Series titles in a calendar .
They won the Indonesia Open , Australia Open , Denmark Open and the French Open before being forced to miss the China Open and Hong Kong Open owing to a thigh muscle strain , sustained at the Nationals in Nagpur last month .
The one-month break after the Nationals gave them ample time to work on their fitness and sharpen their game , and they will hope to recreate the magic that earned them the four titles this year .
`` It is an important event . I reached the semis in 2014 and in 2015 ; I lost in the league stages but it does n't matter . We , as players , have to forget what had happened and start afresh . I hope to do well this year , '' Srikanth said .
World No.4 Srikanth has been placed in Group B of men 's singles event along with Chou Tien Chen ( world No.7 ) and Shi Yuqi ( world No.8 ) , apart from Axelsen .
Sindhu , who had reached the semifinals at the last edition , has been clubbed with the Japanese duo of No.2 ranked Akane Yamaguchi and world No.15 Sayako Sato , besides Bingjiao in Group A .
`` It has been a good year for me . Now I really hope the year ends on a good note and I do well at the Dubai Super Series Finals , '' said the 22-year-old from Hyderabad .
`` It is not going to be easy as all the top players will be playing in this event . Each match from the first round itself will be very tough . So I will have to be prepared from the start to do well . ''
The four players in each group will compete against each other in the preliminaries . The top two from each group will qualify for the semifinals with A1 facing B2 and B1 taking on A2 .
Srikanth broke their three-match losing streak against defending champion and World No.1 Axelsen when they defeated the Dane in their hometown during the Denmark Open quarterfinals in October and it would take another top-class performance to tame them on Wednesday .
Sindhu is 4-5 behind in the head-to-head count against Bingjiao but they will take confidence from their recent win against the Chinese at the Korea Open in September .
Oklahoma City , OK ( KFOR ) – Federal officials say that a 23-year-old Oklahoma man has been arrested after allegedly planning to blow up a bomb in downtown Oklahoma City .
According to a criminal complaint , the FBI arrested 23-year-old Jerry Drake Varnell at 1 a.m. on Aug. 12 after they allegedly attempted to detonate what they believed to be an explosives-laden van they had parked in an alley next to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City .
The complaint alleges that Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington , D.C. with a device that was similar to the one used in the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City .
Court documents claim that Varnell was upset with the government , and their plans got the attention of law enforcement .
An undercover FBI agent posed as a person who could help them with the bombing .
According to the complaint , Varnell identified BancFirst as the target , helped assemble the device , loaded it into a van and drove it to the alley by the bank .
In fact , officials say that Varnell even dialed a number on a cell phone that they believed would trigger the explosion . Authorities say they also found a statement that they planned to post to social media after the explosion .
However , officials say that the device was actually inert and the public was not in any danger .
“ There was never a concern that our community 's safety or security was at risk during this investigation , ” said Kathryn Peterson , Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in Oklahoma . “ I can assure the public , without hesitation , that we had Varnell 's actions monitored every step of the way . ”
Varnell is charged with attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce .
“ I commend the devoted work of the FBI and our state law enforcement partners in ensuring that violent plots of this kind never succeed , ” said Mark A. Yancey , United States Attorney for the Western District of Oklahoma .
If convicted , they would face a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a mandatory minimum sentence of five years in prison .
They are expected to make their initial appearance in an Oklahoma City courtroom on Monday around 3 p.m .
BancFirst released the following statement after Varnell 's arrest :
“ BancFirst has been working cooperatively with the FBI . At no time were employees , customers or the general public ever in any danger . We believe our BancFirst downtown Oklahoma City building was a random and convenient selection by the suspect . There is no further threat or reason for concern . We take comfort and our company embraces a deep appreciation and admiration for the men and women of the FBI for their diligent and dedicated work in protecting our nation . ”
U.S. Sen. James Lankford , who served on the Intelligence Committee and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , issued the following statement :
“ I applaud the work of the FBI and local law enforcement for investigating and apprehending a man who sought to commit a terrorist act in Oklahoma City . Our intelligence community and law enforcement work every day to protect our neighborhoods from attacks and terror , and they often do it without the public ever knowing . It is chilling to think that a sympathizer of Timothy McVeigh would want to act on hate , as a tribute to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing , the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil before September 11 . We 're thankful for the concerned citizens that stepped forward to alert authorities about this man . This is another somber reminder that , as a nation , we must remain vigilant about home-grown extremism and radicalization in our communities . ”
By KFOR-TV & K. QUERRY
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders speaks at the press briefing at the White House in Washington , Nov. 1 , 2017 .
Nicholas Kamm , AFP/Getty Images
Sarah Sanders chokes up
A cub reporter got an emotional response from White House press secretary Sarah Sanders on Wednesday . Benje Choucroun , a young student covering an event for Time for Kids , told them about the fear of being shot at school and asked what the administration would do . `` Certainly as a parent , there is nothing more terrifying than for a kid to go to school and not feel safe , so I 'm sorry you feel that way , '' Sanders said , their voice wavering . Guns have caused injury or death 21 times in 2018 on U.S. school campuses . Rep. Diane Black , a Republican candidate to be the next Tennessee governor , on Tuesday blamed the Internet , violent movies and pornography for school shootings . One video game that recently drew criticism from both sides of the aisle was `` Active Shooter , '' which simulated a school shooting ; the owners of the video game marketplace Steam said it was created by `` a troll with a history of customer abuse '' and removed it .
Trump is so regretting Jeff Sessions right about now
President Trump had five words after hearing Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said they could 've picked someone besides Jeff Session for attorney general : `` And I wish I did ! '' Trump 's tweet followed a New York Times report that investigators want to know just how Trump tried to persuade Sessions not to back out from the Russia investigation because of their Russian contacts . Meanwhile , a Senate panel is readying Congress ' last chance to weigh in on Russia , and those on the committee — from Trump fan Tom Cotton to Trump critic Kamala Harris — remain hopeful they 'll reach a bipartisan conclusion on whether Trump 's campaign colluded with Putin & Co . Meanwhile , a legal defense fund has been launched for millionaire Paul Manafort .
President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions .
Evan Vucci , AP
Blame it on the A-A-A-A-A-Ambien
Roseanne Barr 's apology and Twitter departure did n't last long . They were back with a vengeance Wednesday , slamming their co-stars after earlier blaming their racist tweet on Ambien ( cue the jokes ) . Sanofi , which makes the sleep drug , was like , uh , yeah , racism is n't a side effect . President Trump , meanwhile , asked why ABC has never apologized for the `` HORRIBLE statements '' said about them ( presumably not by Barr — he 's a fan ) . Other Roseanne fans said Barr 's comments are no worse than Bill Maher 's . Too bad for them , the show is unlikely to be picked up elsewhere .
Mexico reminds Trump about funding that wall : 'Not now , not ever '
Trump this week dusted off a crowd-pleasing promise largely missing since their campaign days : Mexico will pay for the wall . That vow , made again Tuesday at a Nashville rally , found swift repudiation from Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto . `` Mexico will never pay for a wall . Not now , not ever , '' they tweeted , signed `` Mexico ( all of us ) . '' On Wednesday , advocates called on U.S. immigration authorities to stop holding transgender migrants seeking asylum in detention centers after a transgender woman died at age 33 while in custody at a facility in New Mexico . Policies regarding asylum seekers , unaccompanied minors crossing the border and families being separated at the border have become conflated in recent weeks . The debate comes as Republican campaign ads tout a tough Trump-style immigration platform ( 14,000 such ads have run this year ) .
Hey , Gen X : Get a colon screening
Most people should start colorectal cancer screenings at age 45 , not 50 , the American Cancer Society said Wednesday after years of those cancers surging among Millennials and Generation X . Experts are n't sure why it 's hitting younger , though some blame obesity and diets too heavy on processed meats and alcohol . Not everyone would have to get a colonoscopy ( some could do at-home stool tests ) , but those that do could have an easier time of prepping for it than their parents did .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Test Boost Elite even though some us would love to get in which nicely toned at the side of muscled machine , the majority do n't have plenty of time hitting the fitness center and additionally perform their own muscle constructing exercises . So is it possible transferring our personal schooling consultation proper in your own home ? clearly ! indexed beneath are a few clean and . http : //t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
England ended their 12-year wait for a World Cup knockout round win when they edged past Colombia .
The victory was the Three Lions ' first-ever on penalties at a World Cup - and their first spot kick win in any competition for 22 years .
Gareth Southgate has been taking the plaudits for the role that they have played in getting England to the World Cup quarter-finals , but it 's not all down to him .
Alongside them are their trusty team of assistants , who are working with the squad in Russia .
Here we give the lowdown on the key faces working with the England team every day .
( Image : Rex )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Steve Holland - Assistant manager
( Image : Getty )
Southgate 's No.2 is easily the most well known face in the backroom staff .
After a playing career which ended when they were just 21 , Holland went on to become a coach a Crewe Alexandra , where they would later take over as manager in 2007 .
Two years later , they were named reserve team boss at Chelsea , before becoming assistant manager in 2011 under Andre Villas-Boas . They kept the role under subsequent new appointments .
Between 2013 and 2017 they juggled the role with being England Under-21 's assistant manager with Gareth Southgate .
They quit Chelsea in order to take on the full-time role with England when Southgate was appointed .
Holland 's career has seen them part of Champions League , Europa League , Premier League , FA Cup and League Cup successes .
Martyn Margetson - Goalkeeping coach
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Margetson enjoyed a playing career with Manchester City , Southend , Huddersfield and Cardiff before turning to coaching .
They also earned a solitary cap for Wales .
During their last season at the Bluebirds , in 2005/06 , Margetson took the job of player-goalkeeping coach - they played twice before taking on the backroom role full-time .
After five years they were headhunted by Gary Speed to help put in the Wales set-up .
They continued with the national team as they moved to West Ham with Sam Allardyce and then back to Cardiff and then Crystal Palace .
Allardyce stole Margetson away when they were made England boss , while they spent last season at Everton - before leaving at the end of the season .
Allan Russell - Attacking coach
( Image : PA )
Glasgow-born Russell has been putting the likes of Harry Kane , Raheem Sterling and Marcus Rashford through their paces since the summer of 2017 .
Russell , 36 , has their own company called Superior Striker .
The former Rangers trainee , who played for Airdrie , Patrick Thistle and Kilmarnock , was working with Southgate on a consultancy basis , before being brought into the World Cup team .
Russell has also worked with the England Under-21s in the past as well as Stoke 's Saido Berahino , Aleksandar Mitrovic of Newcastle , Bournemouth 's Benik Afobe and Andre Gray of Watford .
Pippa Grange - Psychologist
( Image : xxxxxxxx )
Grange is possibly the most key members of Southgate 's backroom staff in turning around the Three Lions ' penalty hoodoo .
The 47-year-old was brought in by the FA last November to strength England 's mentality and change the squad 's `` culture and mindset . ''
If the victory over Colombia is anything to go by it has worked perfectly .
Born in Harrogate , Grange preaches the power of yoga and has previously spent 20 years working in Australia - in Australian rules .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cheer up , Jose .
You would have expected the Manchester United boss to have been in a slightly better mood following their superb 2-0 victory over Chelsea as they arrived for training at Carrington , but looked slightly down in the dumps .
Mourinho was one of the first to arrive as they gear up for another huge game against Anderlecht in the Europa League quarter final on Thursday .
United will be looking to make home advantage pay following the 1-1 draw in Belgium last week but the players should be full of confidence following their impressive display against the Premier League leaders .
( Photo : Zenpix Ltd )
( Photo : Zenpix Ltd )
( Photo : Zenpix Ltd )
Record signing Paul Pogba arrived with a colourful hood , while Daley Blind , Michael Carrick and Marcos Rojo , who was accompanied by their wife were not far behind .
Henrikh Mkhitaryan who dodged a traffic warden to assist a homeless man on a visit to Manchester city centre looked happy in their white sports Lamborghini , while Marouane Fellaini was given a lift into training .
Manchester United winger Ashley Young feels their side can use the big victory over Chelsea as the perfect inspiration to achieve a strong end to the campaign .
( Photo : Zenpix Ltd )
( Photo : Zenpix Ltd )
Young was handed the captain 's armband as they steered their side to their first win over Chelsea since 2012 and is now hoping for another memorable win when they face Anderlecht in the last eight of the competition .
Young said : `` We want to be pushing on . A lot has been said about how we want to finish fourth but ... I want to finish higher than that , '' Young told British media .
`` Hopefully we have a ( Europa League ) semi-final coming up . If we can play like we did against Chelsea , then I am sure we can get through against Anderlecht and into the semi-finals . ''
( Photo : Zenpix Ltd )
England manager Gareth Southgate was at the Chelsea game on Sunday but Young is refusing to get carried away with a recall to the national squad .
They added : `` It is always an honour and maybe one day it ( an England call-up ) will happen again .
`` But I am just concentrating on Manchester United and wanting to play well here . It is down to the England manager . ''
Creel believes the planned Popps Ferry extension will make the area even more prime for business . ( Photo Source : WLOX )
One of Biloxi 's busiest intersections will soon have two big vacant retail spaces .
When the Winn-Dixie on Pass Rd . closes , it will join the old Walmart across the street in being empty .
`` We do n't think that this is a reflection on the economic diversity and the economic clout of West Biloxi , '' said City of Biloxi spokesperson Vincent Creel .
According to Creel , a consultant is looking for tenants to move into the old Walmart building . They said 25,000 vehicles drive by the stores on Pass Road Rd . everyday .
`` The traffic counts are enormous here already , so we do n't think it 's the traffic counts . We firmly believe this is a good location , '' Creel said .
Creel believes the planned Popps Ferry extension will make the area even more prime for business .
`` The extension of Popps Ferry all the way down to the beach front is going to change dramatically this intersection . The traffic counts are going to be higher than they are right now , '' Creel added .
Creel said construction for the Popps Ferry extension it 's expected to start next year . It will take about one to one and a half years to complete the work .
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All rights reserved .
PARCHED : Leslie Dam looking dry and blackened in June 2018 .
PARCHED : Leslie Dam looking dry and blackened in June 2018 . Jodie Locke
A ONCE lush green scene has been left parched and blackened by a drought that is devastating the Southern Downs in more ways than one .
Incredible photos of Leslie Dam taken over the past two years have captured the rapid transformation of one of Warwick 's most beloved attractions .
Photographer Jodie Locke captured the `` devastating '' change , as water levels dwindled to the lowest point they say they have ever seen .
`` To think seven years ago that wall was flooding over , but going out now it breaks your heart , '' Mrs Locke said .
They said vegetation around the dam was also suffering , as even the green on gum trees starts to decline .
`` Obviously the root system is not getting water , they look like they 're dying , '' they said .
`` The ground supply of moisture is so dry , from my observation . ''
Sandy Creek below the Leslie Dam wall looking lush in February 2016 . Jodie Locke
Water levels at Leslie Dam have been declining since floods in 2011 when the dam was at 103percent capacity .
The dam is used for irrigation and urban water supply for Allora , Warwick and Yangan and currently sits at 10.3percent capacity .
It is not the lowest water level ever seen at the dam , with a level of threepercent recorded in February 1995 .
Warwick Fish Stocking Association secretary-treasurer Ed Kemp remembers seeing Leslie Dam when it was at its lowest point , when poor filtration meant water running into town left brown stains on washing . But Mr Kemp said in those days irrigation from the dam was n't stopped , whereas now it is ceased when the dam is at 15percent capacity .
With these safeguards in place , Mr Kemp believes Warwick will not be faced with similarly low levels again .
`` Everyone 's got to be patient that the dam is not looking real flash but the dam will come up again , things will rejuvenate , it 's just a matter of when , '' they said .
But Mr Kemp conceded that if the region was not blessed with rain , there could be `` trouble '' on the horizon .
`` The thing about the water level is , council has done the right thing imposing restrictions but the restrictions will get even harsher , '' they said .
NO WATER : Sandy Creek below Leslie Dam wall is no more than a trickle in June 2018 . Jodie Locke
Despite the low levels , Mr Kemp said the dam remained healthy with plenty of fish to catch .
`` I 've seen the dam go a heck of a lot lower and it did n't affect the fish and everything came back better than ever , '' they said .
`` From a tourist point of view , it looks sad but it 's like everything else - it will recover . ''
The current water supply at the dam is projected to last until April 2020 if there is no rain at all .
A kangaroo in dry surroundings at the dam . Jodie Locke
Mayor Tracy Dobie said rural landholders were concerned by the lack of rain but it was important not to panic .
A water efficiency plan and drought management plan are being developed to outline ongoing water options and assess drought-related issues .
`` In Australia we need to take a more personal and proactive approach to our water supplies , '' Cr Dobie said .
`` While the rural dams are getting drier , Leslie Dam is a very big dam and ( that 's ) the idea of having a water efficiency plan in place and we 're already asking residents to be careful in their usage . ''
Water rushes from the dam after floods in 2011 . Donna Cecil
Every drop is precious in dry times
FREE water-saving devices are available for Southern Downs residents looking to do their bit for water conservation efforts .
Mayor Tracy Dobie said residents could obtain shower timers or swap their sprinkler and shower heads for water-saving alternatives through the council .
Medium level water restrictions were also enforced in May , which restrict outdoor water usage to specific days and times depending on the address of the residence .
A target consumption of a maximum of 200 litres a person each day has also been set .
The water tank rebate has also been extended .
The scheme provides residents who install a water tank with a full rebate of water access charges levied on the property for the full financial year .
For more information visit sdrc.qld.gov.au or phone 1300 697 372 .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A European-wide warning has been issued following a bacteria outbreak in frozen food which has caused nine deaths .
Five countries are affected , including the UK , after the outbreak of listeriosis which is thought to have been caused by contaminated frozen sweetcorn .
Listeriosis is a rare but serious foodborne illness caused by the bacterium Listeria monocytogenes that can be more serious for those individuals who have weakened immune systems and also the elderly , pregnant women and infants , reports Wales Online .
In a statement , the European Food Standards Authority said : “ Experts used whole genome sequencing to identify the food source , which initially was thought to be limited to frozen corn .
`` As of June 8 , 47 cases including nine deaths had been reported .
“ The same strains of L. monocytogenes have been detected in frozen vegetables produced by the same Hungarian company in 2016 , 2017 and 2018 .
`` This suggests that the strains have persisted in the processing plant despite the cleaning and disinfection procedures that were carried out .
“ The available information confirms the contamination at the Hungarian plant .
`` However , further investigations , including thorough sampling and testing , are needed to identify the exact points of environmental contamination at the Hungarian plant .
`` The same recommendation applies to other companies belonging to the same commercial group if environmental contamination is detected .
“ On June 29 , the Hungarian Food Chain Safety Office banned the marketing of all frozen vegetable and frozen mixed vegetable products produced by the affected plant between August 2016 and June 2018 , and ordered their immediate withdrawal and recall .
“ This last measure is likely to significantly reduce the risk of human infections and contain the outbreak . All freezing activity at the plant has been stopped . ”
What is Listeriosis ?
According to the NHS website listeriosis usually goes away on its own , but can cause serious problems if you 're pregnant or have a weak immune system .
Listeriosis is usually caught from eating food containing listeria bacteria .
You can get it from lots of types of food , but it 's mainly a problem with :
Unpasteurised milk
Dairy products made from unpasteurised milk
Soft cheeses , like camembert and brie
Chilled ready-to-eat foods , like prepacked sandwiches , pâté and deli meats
These foods do n't always cause listeriosis . If you 've eaten them recently , you do n't need to do anything unless you get symptoms of the infection .
You can also catch listeriosis from someone else who has it – for example , if you eat food they 've handled when they have n't washed their hands , or close contact with farm animals .
Listeriosis symptoms
Listeriosis has no symptoms or only causes mild symptoms for a few days , such as :
A high temperature of 38C or above
Aches and pains
Chills
Feeling sick or vomiting
Diarrhoea
What is the expert advice about this outbreak ?
In a statement the Food Standards Agency said : `` Most frozen vegetables , including sweetcorn , need to be cooked before eating .
`` This includes if adding them to salads , smoothies or dips .
`` People should always follow manufacturers ' instructions when preparing their food .
`` If the product is not labelled as “ ready to eat ” , the cooking instructions should always be followed before eating the food hot or cold . ''
Voters Back Home Do n't Mind If Mark Meadows Bucks Authority
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Clark/CQ-Roll Call , Inc. Bill Clark/CQ-Roll Call , Inc .
On Capitol Hill , Freedom Caucus chairperson Mark Meadows carries a reputation of a right-wing rebel — after they and their group of roughly three dozen hard-line House conservatives helped kill the Republican health care bill last month . But back home in their western North Carolina congressional district , Meadows is hailed a hero .
I 'm sure there are a lot of people in North Carolina who wanted them to get on the Trump train and vote to pass it , but they did n't .
`` That was kind of gutsy for them to do that , '' said Carla Craig , sitting outside Mehri 's antique shop in historic downtown Hendersonville . `` I 'm sure there are a lot of people in North Carolina who wanted them to get on the Trump train and vote to pass it , but they did n't . ''
Craig is retired , although they still work part-time .
`` I was concerned that Trump was just going to sign any replacement for Obamacare without considering whether it was going to lower premiums , and from what I heard from the Freedom Caucus was that it was not going to lower premiums , '' they added . `` And then what were the people that supported Trump going do when their premiums continued to go up ? So I was kind of happy that it failed as it did . ''
Bill Lures moved to Hendersonville from Richmond , Va. , six years ago . Like Carla Craig , he 's also semi-retired and has strong feelings about Meadows .
`` Meadows , he 's kind of trying to say , 'Hey , let 's not rush this through . Let 's just take our time , ' '' said Lures . `` However , everybody 's going , 'For crying out loud , you had four years , let 's do it . ' But he 's putting the brakes on it . He 's catching a lot of heat for it . ''
The heat is in Washington , not here in Hendersonville , where many of Meadows 's constituents speak highly of them and their approach . That holds true about 10 miles away , up a winding mountain road in the farming town of Mills River , N.C .
`` Those of us who do support the [ Freedom ] Caucus and its members and what they do feel like it 's about time that someone speaks up for those of us who are solidly conservative individuals , and we 're just grateful that they are out there , '' said Larry Freeman , who pulls double duty as the mayor of Mills River and the voice of the local talk radio station , WHKP .
A District Drawn Red
Meadows ' 11th district is best known for being home to North Carolina 's share of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park . It was also once known as the most politically competitive district in the entire state — one that was represented by a moderate Democrat , the former NFL quarterback Heath Shuler .
We 're talking about a third-term member of Congress , who 's winning with large margins in a district that was never nationally prominent until this moment .
But in 2011 , North Carolina 's Republican legislature redrew the district 's lines , turning it solidly red . Meadows ran for Congress the following year and won their race handily . In the two elections since 2012 , the 57-year-old has increased their margins of victory .
Democrats 'Getting Ready to Rally '
Despite Meadows ' solid footing , liberal groups are taking a shot .
Chelsea White is a Democrat who grew up in the district . After the election , they co-founded a grassroots group called Progressive Nation WNC .
`` We are pretty upset about it , '' White said of the Republican effort to dismantle the Affordable Care Act . `` We do think that while they [ Meadows ] voted against the repeal , they did it for the wrong reasons . I know I 'm not alone in this ... we 're actually getting ready to rally around this over the congressional recess . ''
Chelsea says their group is focused on preserving the Affordable Care Act and opposing Mark Meadows . It 's going to be an uphill battle — up one of the steepest mountains in the region .
`` We 're talking about a third-term member of Congress , who 's winning with large margins in a district that was never nationally prominent until this moment , '' said Chris Cooper , a political science professor at Western Carolina University . `` So I think that 's one of their connections to the district . He 's given this district a name and a face in a way that it probably did n't feel like it had before . ''
And that 's the dilemma facing Republican leaders in Washington , who try to reign in the conservative Freedom Caucus and its chairperson .
Mark Meadows has little incentive to moderate , since most voters in their district are eager to support him .
For more than 25 years , Smiles & Sonrisas Family Dentistry has provided communities throughout Miami with some of the best dental care available .
Now , with a newly beautified building , Dr. Jose Gurevich and their staff hope to impress patients with an outside appearance that matches the hundreds of five-star reviews the practice has earned online .
“ What sets us apart from other practices is how we treat people , ” Gurevich said . “ We are a family and this is our home , so I want it to be nice . ”
True to its family-oriented nature , the modestly sized dental practice is stationed in what was once a residential home on Bird Road that was repurposed as an office building in the late 1960s . Gurevich opened their practice in the building in 1992 .
Some might say Gurevich was destined for dentistry . In high school , they were given the nickname , “ Smiley , ” because of their positive disposition and happy expression . When they opened Smiles & Sonrisas , they chose the name because it simultaneously captured their spirit and South Florida 's vibrant , multicultural essence .
An appointment at Smiles & Sonrisas is unlike visits to other dental offices , according to Gurevich , who pointed to how incoming patients are treated as just one of its many differentiating features .
“ We do n't have a waiting room ; we have a reception room , and we do n't make people wait , ” they said . “ The longest you 'll wait is five minutes . We value your time , and that is one of the many things that set us apart from other offices . ”
Smiles & Sonrisas provides a full spectrum of services including standard adult and child dental care , Invisalign , implants , crown and bridge work , dentures , sedation dentistry , teeth whitening , gum health treatment , performance mouthwear fitting and treatment for temporo-mandibular joint disorders . Facial rejuvenation through Botox and Juvéderm—an injection procedure that can lift cheeks , smooth facial lines around the mouth and plump the lips—are also available .
Each of Smiles & Sonrisas ' four examination rooms has its own unique mural , painted by a patient , for people to enjoy during procedures . One room has a grapevine trellis climbing the walls and across the ceiling . Another , a sunny beach vista . Original and reproduced artwork tastefully strewn along the hallways begets a serene , warm environment .
“ On their first visit , I want to give patients a ‘ wow , ' and on their fourth or fifth visit , I want to give them that same ‘ wow , ' ” they said . “ We offer the best dentistry available , and I want to always show our patients the value of what we do . ”
Myriad studies have concluded that a person 's oral health is directly related to their or their overall wellbeing , but many put off going to the dentist for financial reasons .
To combat this issue , Smiles & Sonrisas is committed to providing dental services to all people regardless of their means . For an annual fee of less than $ 300 , patients receive two full cleanings , two full exams , one set of check-up x-rays and one annual fluoride treatment or one oral cancer screening .
“ We want you to be healthier , ” they said . “ I understand some medical bills can be overwhelming , but with this offer I 'm getting my patients to commit to coming in and taking care of themselves , which is a reward for me . If you 're coming in , you 're healthier . And if you 're healthier , I 'm happier . ”
Smiles & Sonrisas donates time and resources to several benevolent community projects . Gurevich , who was recognized by Mayor Carlos Gimenez for their volunteer work in underserved parts of the country , regularly employs their skills on missionary trips . They also participate in Donated Dental Services , a volunteer organization that provides free , comprehensive dental treatment to the disabled and elderly .
“ Where I am today , I am lucky to have this business , to be able to celebrate 25 years and to be doing this renovation , ” they said . “ I love being able to give back . ”
Smiles & Sonrisas Family Dentistry is located at 6000 Bird Road . For more information , visit www.SmilesinMiami.com or call 305-665-5525 .
TAMPA , Fla. — The Tampa Bay Buccaneers moved to bolster the NFL 's least productive pass rush , signing former Philadelphia Eagles defensive end Vinny Curry in free agency .
The Bucs also announced the signing Monday of free agent centre Ryan Jensen , who spent the first five years of their pro career with the Baltimore Ravens .
Curry , who received a three-year , $ 27 million deal , entered the league as a second-round draft pick in 2012 and played six seasons for the Eagles .
The 29-year-old started 19 games for Philadelphia last season , including the Super Bowl , and is the second member of the Eagles defensive line to sign with Tampa Bay this month .
Amber Rose feared they would n't feel `` sexy anymore '' after their breast reduction surgery .
The 34-year-old model underwent a three-and-a-half operation in January to go from a 36H to a 36DDD cup size in a bid to ease their chronic back pain which was caused by their mammoth mammaries .
Now , Amber has opened up about why they went under the knife , and admits they contemplated having the procedure for around three years because they were worried about the impact it would have them self-confidence .
In an interview with PEOPLE , they said : `` I was scared that I would n't feel sexy anymore , but it got to the point where I literally was in pain . It was almost as if I had like a heavy backpack on my chest .
`` They were n't implants or anything like that and so , my back was hurting me . There were times I would just walk and just stop and be like ... it would kill me . And , so , at that point , I was like , this is more of like a health issue , where I have to get this done . ''
Amber also revealed that their larges boobs also affected their ability to exercise and caused a variety of difficulties when they were dancing with Maksim Chmerkovskiy on 'Dancing with the Stars ' in 2016 .
They explained : `` My boobs slowed me down . And , my partner , Maks , would be like , 'Come on ! Hurry up , faster , faster , faster . ' And , I 'm like , 'Dude , I ca n't go any faster ! I 'm like in pain . I literally can not move that fast . ' ''
Amber - who has five-year-old son Sebastian with their ex-husband , rapper Wiz Khalifa - started to get their large boobs when they were just 14 and they quickly noticed their chest was much bigger than their peers who were also going through puberty .
They said : `` I got my boobs when I was 14 , but I would say , over the years , as my weight fluctuated , my boobs fluctuated . And , so , after I had my son , I mean , my boobs , they got bigger . They got way , way bigger . They definitely made me look older when I was a teenager , and also , I felt it made me look heavier as well because they were so big . ''
Somehow , against all the odds , Bristol Rovers have kept their slim play-off hopes alive with a tenacious 1-0 victory against a stubborn Oldham Athletic side .
After a dispiriting injury time double strike from Gillingham 's Cody McDonald saw Rovers slip to a 3-1 defeat on Friday , Darrell Clarke came out and said they were looking to use the final three matches as a chance to experiment .
And although they made four changes to their starting XI , some of which were enforced , the Gas still proved too strong for Oldham in the end as they stretched their unbeaten record at home to 12 matches .
Rovers are now unbeaten at the Memorial Stadium since a pair of embarrassing defeats before Christmas – losing to non-league Barrow and being beaten 5-1 by Charlton in the league .
Their exceptional home record has kept Rovers just about in touch with sixth place , despite surprising defeats on the road to relegation threatened Gillingham and doomed Coventry City in recent weeks .
The performance against Oldham was far from perfect and Gasheads were left frustrated as they had to wait until deep into the second half for the breakthrough . But when it came , it was worth the wait .
Byron Moore 's cross skimmed across the Latics ' box and found its way to the feet of Ellis Harrison . The striker had toiled until that point as their efforts caused little threat to Oldham keeper Connor Ripley . But they collected the ball beautifully before turning just inside the 18-yard box and firing the ball home .
It was their first goal since they scored four against Northampton , and their first since the departure of Matty Taylor . Rovers were wasteful in attack at times though , with Moore and Montano both blasting the ball wide when they should have at least made Ripley work .
Thankfully , a second goal was not needed due to a titanic defensive effort in the final 10 minutes . Rovers ' defensive record has improved immeasurably in recent months , with Monday 's clean sheet their fifth in the last nine matches . Since the transfer window closed , Rovers have conceded just 12 goals in 15 matches .
It 's no coincident that Rovers ' improved form at the back has coincided with the arrival of loan signings Joe Lumley and Ryan Sweeney . Both men have been immense since arriving and have shored up a defence that conceded 50 goals in 29 matches up until that point .
Lumley was in superb form against Oldham with one save in particular catching the eye in the second half . With Rovers in the lead , Oldham besieged the home side 's penalty area and the ball fell to Lee Erwin who rifled a shot low towards goal which looked destined to make the net bulge .
But Lumley stood strong and saved the ball and cleared it from danger with their legs . A save that shows exactly why QPR are keen to keep the young keeper on their books . Sweeney meanwhile has struck up a steely partnership with captain Tom Lockyer .
The two complement each other well , with Lockyer often brining the ball out of defence on the ground and surging into midfield , as Sweeney does the more bread and butter work , hacking the ball clear if needs be .
All of this defensive solidity will need to be on show next weekend for the trip to Peterborough if Rovers are to somehow keep their minuscule play-off hopes alive . It 's hard to see a glut of goals coming from this Rovers side , so it is vital they keep a clean sheet at London Road .
Victory against Peterborough coupled with defeats to both Southend and Millwall next week would leave Rovers still in the hunt heading into the final weekend of the season .
Millwall travel to the Memorial Stadium on April 30 for what could be a winner takes all match . But even if that 's not to be the case , victories like this one against Oldham at least show Rovers now possess a real element of toughness at home .
It 's almost impossible to sustain a promotion challenge without a formidable home record – runaway leaders Sheffield United have won 16 from 22 at home this season . If Rovers can squeeze out victories at the Mem when they 're not playing at their best - and short of a few regular starters - it bodes well for next season .
There were undoubted bright spots in this victory - Harrison 's clinical finish , another clean sheet , Bob Harris and Joe Partington deputising well at full back . There was a slight end of season feel at times , a point assistant boss Marcus Stewart alluded to as they called the match “ a little flat ” , but overall it was a job well done .
Rovers can be pleased to have chalked up another victory , and in the process allow Gasheads to dream of a Wembley final for another week .
`` The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur , Allen Ginsberg , and Jackson Pollock . I do n't need a visa to access their work . ''
~ Putin advisor after they were placed on US sanctions list .
Congressman Neal discusses Kennedy 's legacy Springfield - In a special lecture on Sunday , March 25 from 2 to 3 p.m. , Congressman Richard E. Neal will discuss how John F. Kennedy 's presidency has continued to inspire generations for individuals to run for office and to do good in their communities-most notably because of lasting impact of Kennedy 's idealism .
This lecture also marks the end of the `` Jack & Jackie : The Kennedy 's in the White House '' and the `` Collecting Camelot : The Kennedy Era and its Collectibles '' exhibits , which close Sunday , March 25 . Because the Avedon photos will go into storage once they are returned to the Smithsonian , this is a particularly opportune time to come to the museums and celebrate the Kennedy legacy , by seeing the exhibits , hearing Congressman Neal 's lecture , and attending the reception following the lecture .
In this special lecture at the Springfield Museums , Congressman Neal will explore Kennedy 's relevance in our society today by highlighting how the young president harnessed the potential for progress in our country by initiating programs such as the Space Program , the Alliance for Progress , and the Peace Corps . Neal will pinpoint how Kennedy prioritized Civil Rights freedoms and recognized the benefits of Medicare coverage . Neal will celebrate how Kennedy broke one of the great religious barriers by becoming the first Catholic president . Most importantly , Congressman Neal will highlight Kennedy 's dedication to the common good which was unwavering . This lecture is free with museum admission . All are invited to a reception to follow in the Wood Museum of Springfield History .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - Stacey Switzer of the APA of Missouri visits KPLR 11 News at Noon with this week 's Monday Mascot : Bandit !
Bandit is about 13 months old . He 's very hyper , strong , and playful , so he 's best suited for an active family that can take them out on lots of runs and walks .
If you want to adopt Bandit , then visit the APA on Hanley Road .
Here is the information that you 'll need :
1705 South Hanley Road 314-645-4610
http : //www.apamo.org/home.aspx
Is your pet lost ? Try looking at stllostpets.org .
The B.C . government is offering emergency grants of $ 1,500 for eligible small businesses affected by wildfires in the B.C . Interior .
Forests Minister Doug Donaldson announced Monday the grants will be administered through the Red Cross , which has also distributed $ 600 payments to individuals and families forced from their homes by fires . The grants will also be available to aboriginal communities and non-profits affected by fires and highway closures .
Businesses and organizations along Highway 20 , evacuation areas on Highway 97 south of Prince George , Highway 26 to Barkerville and the eastern Cariboo Regional District communities of Horsefly and Likely .
The eligibility will be reviewed and adjusted as conditions change , but the government wants to get the program going as soon as possible , Donaldson said .
Applications are open today and online application forms are available here . Information on the program and links are also available at www.redcross.ca and the Red Cross has a small business phone helpline at 1-855-999-3345 . Phone service is available Monday to Friday between 6 a.m. and 5 p.m .
Eligible organizations are those with 50 employers or fewer , have a income of $ 250,000 per year , have been in operation on or before July 7 , 2017 and have resumed operations or are intending to restart as soon as possible .
“ We know that hundreds of small businesses in rural B.C . have been adversely impacted by wildfire activity and this initial support is designed to give these businesses some assistance as they resume operations again , ” said Jobs Minister Bruce Ralston .
Rain across some of the fire-affected regions helped slow down fires , but B.C . Wildfire Service spokesperson Kevin Skrepnek said they were showers and the effect is temporary .
“ We 're likely going to see conditions rebound pretty quickly here , ” Skrepnek said .
Dr. Bonnie Henry of the B.C . Centre for Disease Control said that the smoke that has hung over some communities for the past month has led to an increase in medical visits from people with chronic respiratory conditions , it is not expected to have long-term impacts .
“ We still consider even the month to be relatively short term exposure , ” Henry said . “ We do n't expect long-term health effects as you would see with long-term exposure to air pollution like you would see in a city like Beijing . ”
The latest estimate in area burned by the more than 1,000 wildfires reported since April 1 is 7,290 square kilometres , an area more than twice the size of Metro Vancouver . By that measure it is the second largest fire season on record for B.C. , with more than 8,500 square kilometres burned in 1958 .
Costs to date are $ 292 million , with 4,000 people working on the fire control effort .
Skrepnek said many seasonal firefighters and support workers are preparing to return to school or work after the Labour Day weekend , and plans are underway to replace them if necessary . Fire department dispatchers and military personnel are being recruited , they said .
Tiger Woods hopes he 's close to putting their game together
Tiger Woods hopes he 's close to putting their game together
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018 , 01:14 IST 12 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
DUBLIN , Ohio ( AP ) — The two biggest figures at the Memorial , Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods , managed to carve out some private time at the back of the 10th tee amid a mass of people Wednesday at Muirfield Village .
Some of it was just catching up . The two most prolific winners of major championship had not seen each other since April at the Masters .
And the tournament host had some encouraging words .
Nicklaus complimented Woods on their swing , and then told them what Woods has felt for the last few months .
`` He was saying that my swing is starting to look a little bit better , '' Woods said . `` And I said , 'Yeah , I 'm really not that far away , ' and they totally agreed . They just kept urging me to be patient with it because they could see that I 've made some pretty big strides this year , and not far away from putting it all together . ''
The Memorial presents such an opportunity .
Woods has won at the course Jack built a record five times . The most recent victory was in 2012 , when they took command from behind the 16th green by turning a potential bogey into a chip-in birdie that Nicklaus still thinks is one of the best shots they ever saw .
The most recent appearance ? That 's different .
Woods last played the Memorial in 2015 . In the last few months before a series of back surgeries , Woods shot 85 in the third round , the worst score of their career . Because an uneven number of players made the cut , Woods teed off Sunday morning as a single and shot 74 .
`` I tried , and unfortunately on this golf course , hitting it as bad as I did , it just was n't good enough , '' Woods said .
As for playing as a single ? Woods smiled .
`` I did n't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing , '' they said .
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke , listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time they signed their name to an 85 on their scorecard . McIlroy recalled their highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007 , their seventh tournament as a pro .
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him , `` Aside from your 85 , you have won here five times . ''
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition . The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills , and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major .
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing : Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka .
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial , their ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world . Justin Thomas is making their debut at No . 1 in the world , an achievement that does n't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to them that they stayed up later than usual when they got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with their name at the top . They took a screen shot .
`` Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing , '' Thomas said .
Dustin Johnson , who does n't appear to be concerned with much in life , conceded they were eager to get back the No . 1 ranking they held for 15 months . This is their first tournament since they lost the No . 1 spot to Thomas .
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all , a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler .
Woods has made strides since their return from a fourth back surgery , including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March , and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole .
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since their last victory .
McIlroy understood what they meant , having gone 18 months between victories until they won the Arnold Palmer Invitational . McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai , and then they broke through at Bay Hill .
`` As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door , sooner or later you 're going to step through , '' McIlroy said . `` And then with that , experience will do great things for you going forward . ''
Woods has n't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill . They never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow , and while they had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship , they still are 11 shots out of the lead . The idea this week is to get in range .
`` The last few times that I 've had a chance , I 've felt very comfortable , '' they said . `` Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it . ''
Officers are on the scene of a domestic disturbance on the South Side , the Chicago Police Department said Friday.Authorities report that a man has barricaded themselves into a residence in the 7800 block of South Lowe Avenue.The CPD SWAT unit is assisting in the ongoing investigation , officials said .
OTTAWA — Global Affairs says Canada is adding more Venezuelans to its sanctions list .
Another 14 individuals have been added to the list of people who Canada says are among those responsible for the deterioration of democracy in that country under the regime of Nicola Maduro .
The sanctions essentially prohibit Canadians from doing business with people or entities on the list .
It 's the latest in a series of Canadian moves against the Maduro government .
Earlier this month , Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland dismissed the latest elections in Venezuela as illegitimate and anti-democratic .
On Tuesday , a three-member panel of experts , including Canadian Irwin Cotler , told the Organization of American States that officials in Maduro 's administration have committed crimes against humanity .
Canada has already limited diplomatic contacts with Venezuela and told its representatives to avoid international or multilateral meetings and events hosted by or in Venezuela .
Freeland said the latest sanctions underline Canada 's commitment to democracy and its rejection of the `` fraudulent '' presidential elections .
`` Canada is as determined as ever to support the people of Venezuela as they seek a more peaceful , democratic and prosperous future , '' they said in a statement .
Under Maduro , the Venezuelan economy has all but collapsed , inflation is running wild and hundreds of thousands of people have fled the country .
Springfield - Springfield Housing Authority employee Brad Fink has been promoted to property manager of the agency 's largest district .
In their new position , Fink runs all aspects of the operation in what is known internally as District B , which includes 542 units in three family developments and two smaller properties in the city . The district includes SHA 's largest properties , Duggan Park , Reed Village and Robinson Gardens Apartments .
The SHA also promoted Alibra Purrier to assistant property manager , and hired Stephanie Diaz as assistant property manager , in the same district .
Fink has worked at SHA the past seven years , first as a public safety officer and most recently as assistant property manager in District E .
Fink is now participating in the 2018 class of Leadership Pioneer Valley , which helps train new generations of leaders across the region .
As district manager , they will oversee a staff of five in running all aspects of the properties , including rent collections , training , maintenance , lease enforcement and tenant relations .
Fink is a graduate of Fitchburg State University , with a bachelor 's degree in criminal justice .
Purrier has worked at the SHA for nine years , giving their working experience at the agency as well as in the district .
Diaz , worked as a property manager at Seniority House , a private apartment complex for the elderly , before coming to SHA . They hold an associate 's degree in business administration and accounting from Humacao Communtiy College in Puerto Rico .
Springfield Housing Authority is Massachusetts ' second largest housing authority , with 2,397 traditional public housing units located at twenty-seven sites throughout the city , 240 Massachusetts Rental Vouchers , and 2,893 Housing Choice Vouchers .
MOSCOW ( AP ) - Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko , who was reported killed in Kiev , shows up at a news conference in Ukraine .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The festive season is well and truly underway , with just two weeks to go until the big day . But if you still need something to get you into the Christmas spirit , just 45 minutes outside of Bristol you 'll find a magical Christmas wonderland .
Westonbirt 's National Arboretum is one of the area 's most beautiful sights at any time of year , but for December it has been transformed into an enchanted forest and it will truly take your breath away .
The Forestry Commission 's annual Enchanted Christmas light festival has lit up the stunning Arboretum with dazzling display of lights and visual .
It will also be snowing between the trees thanks to a giant snow making machine , and you can warm yourself up afterwards with a luxury Christmas hot chocolate .
Paul Cody , Head of Visitor Attraction , Forestry Commission says : “ This year 's Enchanted Christmas is going to be our most impressive feat yet . Set within the beautiful National Arboretum it really is a festive treat for all the family the walk will include annual favourites such as the Singing Tree , the Giant Smoke Ring Canon and the Leaf Keyboard with the addition of new surprises for 2017 to keep regular visitors thrilled .
“ Because Enchanted Christmas proves more popular with each passing year all tickets must be pre-booked via phone or online , with timed entry for the trail itself and the rest of the evening to enjoy the festivities . That way everyone that comes to see us also gets to meet Father Christmas during the course of their visit . ”
Westonbirt 's Enchanted Christmas is open each weekend in the run up to Christmas . For more information or to book tickets , visit the website .
* Update : Westonbirt Arboretum is currently closed due to snowfall and fallen branches . It will be closed on Tuesday December 12 . Keep an eye on Twitter for when it is due to reopen .
Jury Hears Closing Arguments In Bill Cosby 's Sexual Assault Trial Closing arguments in Bill Cosby 's sexual assault trial took place Tuesday . He 's accused of assaulting Andrea Constand in 2004 , but five other women were allowed to testify about their own alleged assaults .
Boston Globe : “ The new chief of staff is often painted as an outsider , but they do have a deep well of experience to draw on to put the White House on firmer ground . They have been a fixture in Washington power circles long enough make the speaking rounds at top Beltway institutions [ . ] … They have forged ties among members of the House and Senate . . . And their time in the military taught them to create order from chaos , a skill badly needed in a White House roiled by competing factions and populated by outsiders who have no idea how to get things done in Washington . ”
Quinn : domestic medium hair , female , two years old
Mitts : domestic shorthair , male , two years old
Bailey : domestic medium hair , female , two years old
Dogs
Bobbi : Belgian Malinois mix , female , one year old
Pumpkin : Mastiff mix , female , two years old
Josie : Labrador mix , female , seven years old
Mickey : Husky mix , male , four years old
Hansel : Aussie mix , male , seven years old
Here are the cats available for adoption from Community Animal Allies of Niagara .
Adoption fee is $ 50 for mature cats and $ 125 for kittens .
All cats are spayed/neutered , vaccinated to date , deflead/dewormed and microchipped . CAAN is always looking for foster homes to take care of kittens and cats until they get adopted and also for volunteers to socialize cats . Call 289-213-1868 or 905-688-3720 , or visit www.caancatmobile.org .
Peppermint : 10 years old , female , dilute calico , short hair , shy but very sweet .
Wolf : Six-year-old dog , sheppard/husky mix , gets along with cats , owner going into nursing home . Call 905-246-5343 for more information .
CAAN will be having a fundraiser garage/bake sale Saturday at Ridgeway Days in Ridgeway from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Come out and support our group .
England is through to the World Cup quarter-finals after a dramatic penalty shootout win against Colombia .
Penalties from Harry Kane , Kieran Tripper , Marcus Rashford and Eric Dier mean that Gareth Southgate 's men reach the quarter-finals for the first time since 2006 , with Sweden awaiting them .
But who do you predict to make the semi-finals ? Have your say in our polls.France , Uruguay , England , Sweden , Brazil , Belgium , Russia and Croatia - you decide who progresses .
PRESIDENT Duterte , who had led the Time 100 Readers ' Poll since it opened , was on top when it closed Sunday .
What does that mean ? More Time readers who were asked who should be in 2017 Most Influential People of the world list voted for the Filipino leader than for any other person , Duterte got 5 % of the vote . Justin Trudeau of Canada , Pope Francis , Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg got only 3 % each . Time did n't disclose the number of votes each got and how many joined the poll and from where .
‘ For good or evil '
The annual Time listing , started in 1991 , makes it clear that while being in the list is seen as an honor , the recognition is for “ changing the world regardless of the consequences of their actions . ”
On ‘ Time ' cover
Aside from the Time 100 listing , there 's the recognition by being on its cover . Duterte was on the May 23 , 2016 issue as “ The Punisher . ”
So was Noynoy Aquino in 2010 ( “ Can they save the Philippines ? ” ) The Filipino president , however , who appeared in the highest number of Time covers ( five times ) was Cory Aquino . Cory also got more prestigious titles ( see list ) . Other Filipino presidents who graced Time cover : Manuel Roxas , Manuel Quezon , Ramon Magsaysay and , yes , Ferdinand Marcos .
TIP US OFF : TELL US ABOUT IT
[ paseares @ gmail.com ]
Bury v Sunderland
Bury take on Sunderland on Thursday 10th August , 2017 , with kickoff at 19:45 . This match is currently being shown LIVE on Sky Sports .
The season continues to continue ( it 's been a long day , alright ? ) with the Carabao Cup , that used to be the Milk/Carling/League/Tetley/Coca-Cola/John 's House of Magical Pastrami Cup , in days gone by . Sunderland is in the first round after getting relegated last term , and have to face a Bury team that might view this as a chance to slay a giant .
If Sunderland loses it will set the fans up for a few days of misery and complaint , but after last season they at least have some practice in disappointment , which is a real shame for such a great club .
Bury v Sunderland is LIVE on Sky Sports .
Mumbai : `` I got emotional after watching dad 's reaction on 'Sanju ' trailer , '' revealed Bollywood star Ranbir Kapoor .
Recently , veteran actor Rishi Kapoor had said they are bursting with pride after watching Ranbir 's impersonation of Sanjay Dutt in the much-anticipated trailer of the film .
Reacting on the same at the trailer launch on Wednesday , the 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil ' star said , `` Besides being my father , they are also an actor I admire . My dad would never say it on my face that I have done good work . That is why when Raju sir ( Rajkumar Hirani ) sent me the video , I got extremely emotional . ''
Earlier , the '102 Not Out ' star , who was shown the trailer prior to its worldwide release on May 30 , had said , `` The way Rajkumar Hirani has presented Ranbir is superb . The boy has really done well . I am so proud of him . I swear on Neetu ( Kapoor ) and Ranbir , I did not think it was Ranbir , I thought it was Sanjay Dutt . ''
Meanwhile , the entire star cast sans Anushka Sharma '' > Anushka Sharma was present at the trailer launch here .
At the event , Ranbir also said that their mother , Neetu Kapoor , is their biggest fan . `` Whatever I do , they love it , '' the 35-year-old added .
The gripping trailer gives an insight into the life of Sanjay Dutt aka Sanju baba - be it their girlfriends , their drug addiction , their career , their conviction , downfall , their sentence , their acquittal , and then their uprising once again .
`` While I was acting , I was really imagining what they must be going through . Sanju sir 's life is such that we all can learn from their mistakes , '' said the 'Jagga Jasoos ' star .
Written and directed by Hirani , the film also stars Paresh Rawal , Manisha Koirala , Vicky Kaushal , Sonam Kapoor and Dia Mirza .
The film will hit the big screens on June 29 .
Yesterday word came out that Ben Simmons had broken up with singer Tinashe and is now dating Kendall Jenner .
Today Tinashe 's brother weighed in on the situation :
Never met you before in my life . days after u break my sis heart u do this… ppl all lied on their talking fake news about my sis * doing kardashian shit * u cheat on them w a Jenner 😂 DONOVAN MITCHELL ROY fuck nigga https : //t.co/xjmm2E2mRq — kudi ( @ kudikaching ) May 30 , 2018
The part of this tweet that best encapsulates the loveliness of NBA Twitter is the reference to Donovan Mitchell and the ROY race .
First the Bryan Colangelo burner news , now this . Man , the Kardashian Curse has affected the Philadelphia 76ers in record time .
Josh Jackson may have been given a promise ring by either the Los Angeles Lakers or Philadelphia 76ers according to some tweets and the process of elimination .
Josh Jackson has been promised – has worked out for Lakers in LA . Has not worked out for Phoenix yet . It could be Philly but likely Lakers . — John Gambadoro ( @ Gambo987 ) June 12 , 2017
Jackson canceled a workout with the Boston Celtics . That could be because they have no interest or may be because they 're trading the pick so it would be a waste of everyone 's time . As for Phoenix , maybe Jackson does n't want to go there . Or maybe the Suns are just optimistic about Lonzo Ball dropping to them . Or some third thing .
Either way , it looks like Jackson is planning on going to Philly or L.A . If they expect to be a Laker , that 's bad news for the Ball family . And if they 've heard these rumors maybe that 's why Lonzo Ball is going to have a second workout with the Lakers to show them how serious they are about working out and training . Some people reportedly thought they were a little out of shape at their first workout .
Lonzo Ball 's 2nd workout with the Lakers will be at an undisclosed location on Fri . They want them to see their work ethic & training methods — Ramona Shelburne ( @ ramonashelburne ) June 15 , 2017
A week out from the draft and it seems no one knows who is going anywhere . Except Jason McIntyre .
BALTIMORE — An unusual smell prompted an evacuation and a hazardous materials response at a Baltimore high school . But after five people were taken to the hospital complaining of upset stomachs , fire officials discovered the source of the smell : a pumpkin spice air freshener .
Cristo Rey Jesuit High School was evacuated Thursday afternoon after students and teachers detected a strong smell on the third floor . Several people reported difficulty breathing .
The fire department and a hazardous materials team were called . Fire spokesperson Roman Clark said two students and three adults were taken to the hospital for stomach ailments .
Then , firefighters located a pumpkin spice air aerosol plugged into an outlet in a classroom .
Rumour : Diego Costa set to sign a bumper £57 million contract at Chelsea
Chelsea trying to tie down the enigmatic striker after much speculation from China .
by gaurav.krishnan Rumours 15 Feb 2017 , 12:06 IST
Diego Costa celebrates with Antonio Conte after a game
What 's the story ?
According to The Metro and several other English papers , Spanish star striker Diego Costa is all set to sign a bumper £57million contract at their current club Chelsea . The striker is set to end the speculation surrounding their future by signing a new contract at the Stamford Bridge club . This new deal will see the player earn a massive £220,000-a-week plus bonuses , making them the highest paid player at Chelsea .
The Blues ' manager Antonio Conte told BBC 's Premier League show recently , “ Is everything calm now ? Yes . Diego is a really important player . ”
“ The situation is very clear . They are very happy to stay with us . They are very happy to fight for the title , ” the Italian boss continued . “ Will they stay here for a long time ? Yes , I think so . I think so . I see them every day and I see their commitment , their behaviour is very involved in the team . They love this club . ”
In case you did n't know ...
Costa was heavily linked with a move to China with Chinese Super League club Tianjin Quanjin making a £30m-a-year offer which would have seen the player earn over £570,000-a-week . The striker who is adored by Chelsea fans has been impressive this season scoring 15 goals whilst also picking up five assists in the Premier League .
Also read : EPL 2016/17 : SK Turning point – 7 moments / performances from gameweek 25
The heart of the matter
Chelsea are set to tie-down Diego Costa to a long-term deal which will see them remain at Stamford Bridge despite interest from China . After a few months where Costa looked unsettled , the Blues are set to offer the Spanish striker a new five-year deal that could see them end their career at Chelsea .
According to The Sun , Diego Costa and their representatives have agreed to the terms in principle and the player is set to overtake Cesc Fabregas in Chelsea 's salary books .
What next ?
Costa is going through a lean spell at the moment , having scored only one goal in their last five appearances . The Spaniard will certainly look make amends to that when they face Wolverhampton Wanderers in a fifth round tie of the FA Cup .
Sportskeeda 's take
Diego Costa has been vital to Chelsea 's Premier League campaign this season under Antonio Conte and it is about time that the Blues reward the striker for their exploits for the club . The Chelsea hierarchy should be commended for quickly acting on the situation .
They have not let the situation get out of hand and acted swiftly by bringing this offer to the table and once the player signs the contract , it will ensure that they are at Chelsea for five more seasons which should be great news for the club and its supporters .
Also read : Five of the most tactically astute managers in the world
A quick glance at Maryam Namazie 's twitter timeline will remind you that they are no anti-Muslim bigot . Criticisms of Islamist extremism and the Iranian regime are , as you would expect , mixed in with condemnations of Trump , the appalling Bannon ( do read this chilling piece if you have n't already ) , arson attacks on refugee shelters and the Quebec mosque murders . But the University of Westminster ISOC is doing its best to get them uninvited from a discussion of secularism .
Concerns have been raised about this ISOC in the past – whereas they were perfectly happy to issue an invitation to the vile hate preacher Haitham al-Haddad , it seems they wo n't tolerate the presence of secular , liberal Maryam Namazie on campus .
Kim Jong-un , who 's banking on military power to survive , has a web of illicit channels to skirt sanctions and the new curbs leave out the vital ingredient of oil . Photo : AP
Hong Kong/Seoul : For North Korea 's fledgling economy , the latest round of sanctions will cut deep .
The curbs on everything from lead and fish exports to shady North Korean companies coincide with a deadly drought that 's ruining crops , darkening an already dire humanitarian picture . An estimated 40 % of the population is already under nourished and two-thirds are reliant on food aid , according to estimates by the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization and the World Food Programme .
Rajiv Biswas , Asia-Pacific chief economist at IHS Markit in Singapore , expects a “ severe recession ” this year as sanctions crimp the mining and manufacturing industries , which together make up 33 % of North Korea 's output .
But for all the humanitarian and economic pain , the new measures are n't likely to deter Kim Jong-un from their ambition of developing an arsenal of nuclear-tipped missiles . That 's because Kim , who 's banking on military power to survive , has a web of illicit channels to skirt sanctions and the new curbs leave out the vital ingredient of oil .
“ North Korea 's dependency on Chinese fuel is China 's choke hold on Pyongyang , ” said Dennis Wilder , former senior director for Asia at the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration . “ If this goes , the North Korean air force ca n't fly jets and their electricity system ca n't function . ”
China trade
Even after North Korea last year had its quickest expansion since 1999 , its per-capita gross national income is meager at around $ 1,300 .
The nation 's total trade value was $ 6.55 billion in 2016 , up 4.7 % from the previous year , according to the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency in Seoul . Trade with China accounted for about 93 % of the total .
While China in February banned coal imports from North Korea , analysts say the effectiveness of this and the latest sanctions depends on total trade and how rigorously Beijing implements the new curbs . The so-called Hermit Kingdom purchased $ 935 million worth of exports from China in the three months through June , 17 % more than in the same period a year earlier , Chinese official data shows .
‘ Important leverage '
“ Oil is absolutely critical to the stability of the North Korean economy , ” Bradley Babson , Chair of the DPRK Economic Forum at the US-Korea Institute , Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies , told Bloomberg Television . “ Both Russia and China over several decades have used oil as important leverage in their relations with North Korea . ”
They said there is a lack of transparency on the amount of oil that China sells to North Korea .
“ North Korea is very aware that China could pull the plug on them any time they want to , ” Babson said .
China has been regularly accused of failing to fully implement previous UN resolutions . And as other nations shunned trade with North Korea in recent years , China has shown a willingness to step in to fill the gap .
While China backed the latest UN sanctions in a bid to cool tensions on the Korean Peninsula , it also fears that the collapse of Kim 's regime could lead to a refugee crisis and US troops on its border . The Communist Party-affiliated Global Times said in an editorial last week that Beijing should stay neutral if North Korea strikes the US first , but block the US and South Korea from toppling Kim .
“ China is leaving a lifeline for North Korea , ” said Yang Moo-jin , a professor at the University of North Korean Studies in Seoul .
China has said its imports from North Korea fell 13 % to $ 888 million in the six months to 30 June compared with the same period a year earlier . Yet data from its customs bureau also shows that the trade surplus remains , thanks to a steady stream of Chinese exports .
Even if China does cooperate more fully in sanctions , North Korea is already well versed in sidestepping such penalties , said Henri Feron from the Center for Korean Legal Studies at Columbia University .
They cite the case of North Korean seafood , which is sold internationally and packaged to say it comes from China . Feron said efforts to crack down on North Korean businesses and workers outside the nation will be hampered by the difficulty in tracking them .
North Korea has streams of income from selling weapons , drug smuggling , operating about 100 restaurants in 12 countries and money sent home by as many as 60,000 citizens working in more than 50 countries , according to the South Korean foreign ministry and United Nations .
“ The fact that North Korea can circumvent certain sanctions should not , however , distract from the fact that they undeniably have a negative effect on the North Korean economic development , ” Feron said .
In its latest round of sanctions , the UN Security Council aims to cut North Korean exports by about $ 1 billion a year , ban the opening of new joint ventures or cooperative entities with North Korea , and cap the number of North Koreans working in other countries at current levels . Existing joint ventures would also be prevented from expanding their operations .
Estimates from Seoul indicate the North Korean economy may have grown by an average 1.2 % annually during Kim Jong-un 's era—and as much as 3.9 % in 2016—compared with 0.2 % when their father Kim Jong Il led the country .
Getting a true gauge of the situation is notoriously difficult and South Korea 's central bank has cautioned that Pyongyang 's weapons development actually feeds into investment and production and can boost GDP growth in the North .
It is clear though that the economic gap with South Korea remains enormous .
But the survival instinct , not economic calculations , appears to be driving Kim Jong-un 's decision making . The increased sanctions may prompt the regime to double down with nuclear and missile tests , said Kim Byung-yeon , a professor of economics at Seoul National University who recently wrote “ Unveiling the North Korean Economy . ”
“ If Kim Jong-un stops nuclear and missile tests because of sanctions , that would reveal their weakness , ” they said . “ Kim may think they need more weapons development because of the sanctions. ” Bloomberg
BOSTON -- It eventually was a night to remember for Boston Bruins rookie Ryan Donato .
But -- at least for those first couple of minutes out on the TD Garden ice -- the 21-year-old forward was in a blur .
`` During warmups I was kind of taken away , '' Donato said . `` It kind of felt like a dream and I really did n't even get that warmed up because I was too focused on everything else and just kind of the whole situation . ''
There was plenty to process for the Scituate native , who was about to make their NHL debut with the Boston Bruins in front of a hometown crowd , their Harvard teammates and their family -- including father and former Bruins forward Ted Donato .
`` Some people would think it 's tough because there is a lot of commotion with your friends and stuff like that but those are the people who support you , '' Donato said . `` I could n't be happier to have those guys here and just kind of be with me through this whole process and it also makes it a lot easier for me . ''
With the stands packed with friends and family , Donato put together an impressive opening performance for the Bruins , scoring a goal and tallying three points in the Bruins ' 5-4 loss to the Blue Jackets Monday night .
With their showing , Donato became the first Bruins rookie to register a multi-point game in their NHL debut since Jarno Kultanen accomplished the feat in 2000 .
`` This is one game , but some of the guys that come in - you saw that with ( Charlie ) McAvoy , just played their game '' Bruins head coach Bruce Cassidy said of Donato and their debut . `` It would be great if they have similar success . Consistency is a big issue for first-year guys , and we all understand that . If they can string it together , then we 'll make that comparison , but yes , to answer your question , very impressed by that . ''
Donato showcased the quick and accurate release that helped shape them into an elite prospect throughout Monday 's matchup -- finishing the tilt with six shots on goal over 19:40 of ice time .
After tallying 26 goals over just 29 games this season with Harvard , Donato was at it again at 5:41 in the second period -- taking a feed from Torey Krug and firing in a laser past Columbus goalie Joonas Korpisalo to knot the game up at 1-1 .
Donato is the eighth Bruins player to notch their first career goal this season , joining Jake DeBrusk , Danton Heinen , Charlie McAvoy , Matt Grzelcyk , Anders Bjork , Sean Kuraly and Peter Cehlarik for the honor .
`` Obviously you 're never really going to expect to play in your first NHL game and have chances , '' Donato said . `` For me I was just going in with a positive attitude and no matter what role they had me in I was going to try and do it to my best and I was fortunate to get a couple bounces and it almost went in a couple times and obviously one went in and that was great too . ''
Donato later assisted on Riley Nash 's power-play goal at 16:32 before starting a give-and-go sequence with linemate David Krejci that led to Boston 's tying goal at 11:50 in the final stanza .
`` I mean when you play with good players , it 's not too hard , '' Donato said of their instant chemistry with Krejci . `` Obviously he 's a tremendous player and I think when you play with tremendous guys like that , it 's not too hard to feel good . ''
Monday 's performance bodes well for Donato 's potential as an impact player with the Black and Gold , but the Harvard product was quick to note that a win would have been the biggest reward on the night .
`` I mean it was fun , '' Donato said . `` Obviously it ended tough but at the end of the day I was excited and I think it all went well personally but I 'd say it 's still bitter because of the loss . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's that time of year when you feel like getting away .
Especially after Easter when it seems like almost everyone has been on holiday except for you . Plus there 's the dreaded first day back at work after the long weekend looming .
Well , do n't worry , that has happened for the LAST time .
Stansted Airport is just 40 minutes down the M11 from Cambridge .
There are regular buses leaving from Drummer Street and trains leaving from Cambridge Station , which take just 30 minutes .
No excuse really is there ?
Get packing !
Amsterdam
The Dutch capital is unique , quirky and has something for everyone .
From clubbing to classical architecture and world-leading museums , this is a city of truly diverse personality and all complimented by a rich history , quaint canal-side cafés and world-renowned fashion boutiques .
Flight starts from £73 .
Dublin
Head to the Emerald Isle and visit the small capital with a big personality .
There are plenty of international events and riotous street parties to keep tourists and locals on their toes , while a blossoming variety of unique and interesting restaurants and bars are the perfect way to recharge from the excitement .
Flights start from £44 .
Barcelona
Barcelona is the city that never sleeps .
With an enchanting seaside culture , it 's an exotic and vibrant city which offers an outstanding variety of architecture and an unmistakable party lifestyle , which could only be described as distinctly Spanish .
Great shopping and even greater food !
Flights start from £44 .
Rome
This city was n't built in a day , you know ?
Artistic grandeur , cutting-edge Italian fashion and its position as the gateway to the holy Vatican City has cemented Rome as the ultimate city break destination .
Among the multitude of inspiring works of art , Rome retains a style and alluring quality entirely of its own .
Plus , the pizza and pasta is the best in the world .
Flights start from £49 .
Berlin
Germany 's capital city is one the great sights of Europe where living history can be found on every corner .
With galleries , opera houses and theatres all numbering in the hundreds , Berlin is a hot bed of artistic and architectural creation and provides a year-round calendar of festivals and events .
Flights start from £23 .
Alicante
As the undisputed party capital of the Valencia region , Alicante offers an enviable location that provides visitors with iconic white , sandy beaches and idyllic scenery .
The busy calendar of social events continues throughout the year , meaning that alongside the cosy tavernas and authentic historic quarter of this attractive provincial city , the famous Spanish night-life is never far away .
Flights start from £56 .
Marrakech
Beneath the embracing rays of the Moroccan sun , Marrakech has forever been the perfect city break for those looking to explore the very best of Morocco .
World famous in this city of traders are the labyrinth-like markets stretching for miles in every direction and offering everything from beautifully handmade rugs and mounds of brightly-coloured spices to some of the most delicious street food you 'll ever try .
( Except in Cambridge obviously ) .
Flights start from £75 .
All prices were correct at the time of writing .
To book flights ( go on ! ) click here .
© Public Domain
© Richard Croft / CC BY 2.0
not drinking
© Charlie Dave / CC BY 2.0
© Public Domain
© CC BY 2.0
almonds were nutritious , but felt they were hard to digest
In recent years , almond milk has been touted as the future of non-dairy delicacies . It 's become a staple for lactose-intolerants and coffee shops alike . Yet almond milk 's popularity today pales in comparison to the high and late Middle Ages , when the upper class went nuts for it.Almonds have been central to Mediterranean and Middle Eastern cuisines as far back as the Roman era , yet almond milk is likely a religiously-motivated , European innovation. , but it quickly spread from the Mediterranean as far as Germany , England , and Denmark . During Lent , European Christians were barred from consuming milk , as well as eggs and meat . So they needed a substitute.While making almond milk is straightforward , . First , cooks ground up a generous number of almonds and steeped them in hot water . Then , they strained the mixture through a fine mesh or cheesecloth . The resulting mixture-fairly thick , and not chunky or textured at all-became an ideal thickener for a dish. , thanks to a lack of refrigeration . One could make a faux butter by combining almond milk , salt , sugar , and vinegar and straining the result , even if it sounds like a far cry from today 's almond butter ( or real butter ) . Some uses go further afield . In C.M . Woolgar 's The Senses in Late Medieval England , the author tells us that `` Ersatz eggs appeared in Lent ... made of almond milk , part colored yellow with saffron , '' simulating the yolk.But the sheer number of recipes from the Middle Ages that use almond milk , particularly those that combine it with ( decidedly un-Lenten ) meat , makes it clear thatinstead of just an alternative ingredient . Almonds turn up everywhere ; Almond milk was an essential component in de rigeur dishes such as blancmange , a menu item popular all over Europe . To make it , chefs poached and shredded a chicken ( white meat only , please , at least in some recipes ) or pike into very small pieces before boiling it together with rice , sugar , salt , and almond milk . While the name `` blancmange '' suggests the dish should be white , those with a hankering for an almond-flavored purple rice pudding could add violets to the mix , as one German recipe called for . Medieval chefs were fond of coloring their dishes , so almond milk 's blank-white canvas became an ideal outlet for this self-expression.Almond milk appeared in more overtly sweet dishes , too . A strawberry pudding could be made by soaking strawberries in wine , then grinding the mixture together with almond milk , sugar , and an assortment of spices , before boiling it all to thicken it.Recipes featuring almond milk can be found from all over Europe , not just areas where almonds grew . Yet these dishes were typically reserved for those who could read cookbooks , and those who could afford them .. By then it had become accessible to the well-off , not just the nobility . Describing the diet of a pair of priests in 15century Dorset in their book Food in Medieval Times , Professor Melitta Weiss Adamson , of the University of Western Ontario , writes that `` almond milk must have played a significant role in their diet judging from the quantities of almonds bought . '' They call the late Medieval world 's appetite for almond milk not just a `` love , '' but an `` addiction . `` Almonds , and almond milk , did retain an exotic connotation for many people in northern Europe . According to Adamson , . For instance , the beef stew known as Bruet of Sarcynesse , or `` Saracen Stew , '' as translated in Sharon Butler and Constance B. Hieatt 's Pleyn Delit : Medieval Cookery for Modern Cooks , owed its name to a generous use of spices , sugar , and almond milk.For the less well-off , falling ill could give one the chance to indulge in the aristocratic delights of almond milk . `` Rice and almond milk were not only expensive foodstuffs for the upper classes , but also standard ingredients in dishes for the sick , '' writes Adamson , citing the example of the blessed ( though not sainted ) 13century Italian Benvenuta Boiani , who enjoyed rice cooked in almond milk during their recuperation after years of illness . It explains why blancmange often appeared in collections of recipes for the afflicted , too .. Another long-lasting theory about almonds is the idea that they feed your head . `` Almonds were regarded as good for the brain , especially the brains of students , in the medical literature , '' says Adamson . `` So nuts as brain food is a very old concept . The medieval nun Hildegard von Bingen also says that almonds are good for a tired brain , and for headaches . This may explain why a 16th-century doctor claims almonds are good for hangovers . '' For a long time , the almond has been a little nut that 's provoked great expectations .
SPRINGFIELD -- Standing on the steps of Springfield City Hall , Xiomara Alban proclaimed their pride in being an American-Ecuadorian woman during a flag raising ceremony held last week .
`` Not only are we celebrating the independence of Ecuador , but we also wish to celebrate and remind all that we live in a country rich of culture , freedom and opportunity . Movement and change only occur when we are united , '' said Alban , who along with their father Omar Alban and their mother Betty M. Alban spoke at the flag raising to celebrate the country 's 195th year of independence .
`` For many like myself , two flags , two countries , represent who I am , '' Alban said . `` For those who have pride in their country and believe we are better for taking care of our people and showing compassion for our neighbor , just remember what a former president ( Barack Obama ) recently said : 'In the face of impossible odds , people who love their country , can change it . ' ''
Sonia Davila , an Ecuadorian woman who has lived in Springfield for the past 20 years , said there is a small but thriving community of Ecuadorians in the region .
`` We are happy to be able to celebrate together and share a bit of our culture with those who may be interested in it , '' they said .
Bill Baker , director of constituent services for the city , read a proclamation at the event on behalf of Mayor Domenic J. Sarno . Omar Alban thanked the city for its support over the years .
`` We not only celebrate the independence of our beautiful Ecuador , but the history of all of the cultural and ethnic groups that reside in Springfield , '' Alban said . `` Many of us have lived here for years and have raised our families here and are happy to be Springfield residents . ''
Galleries
Collection
“ She 's kind of a nomad…a Polish , bohemian nomad , ” designer Gilles Mendel spoke of Talitha Getty , the muse to their latest collection . While the iconic , free-spirit inspired the feel of their pre-fall collection , the color palette was prompted by Mark Rothko 's signature “ Multiforms ” works . “ Coming here , to me , is like coming to the dressing room of the chicest girl in town , ” Mendel mused . Inspired by the late Sixties and early Seventies , the collection looked glamorous and modern in Mendel 's DNA : pleated tulle overlay gowns , embroidered skirts and dresses and ruffled blouses .
Mendel enjoyed mixing unusual color combinations , plum with burnt orange , with their luxe and refined silhouettes . Their best looks came in burnt velvet — a texture “ so rich , that whatever you wear , you feel refined , ” Mendel noted , like a vintage rose dress top with Seventies flared trousers or a floor-length gold gown with bishop sleeves . Luxurious , unfinished and reversible furs added to the beautiful and lavish feel of the collection . Overall , the contrast of Rothko 's work against a modern , bohemian spirit suited Mendel .
5 Most Shocking WWE Returns
WWE is the land in which anything can happen . It 's a place you sometimes expect the unexpected . Some things are still shocking .
@ nickmarsico by Nicholas A. Marsico Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017 , 15:52 IST
Anything can happen in WWE !
WWE is a place where things are often pretty tame and generally reach status quo level and stay there for quite some time . Occasionally , though , something happens that either comes out of nowhere or is so shocking that even though it was all but confirmed to happen , you would n't have believed it until you saw it .
That is the case for these five shocking moments in WWE history . Returns that nobody expected , returns that were rumoured but hard to believe , and even returns that were pretty much 100 % confirmed but impossible to fathom . Some of these men were gone a very long time and some only a few short months , but all were shocking just the same .
# 5 Brock Lesnar ( RAW - April 2 , 2012 )
A moment 8 years in the making
It was the night after WrestleMania 28 . John Cena had just lost to The Rock in the first of their two “ Once in a Lifetime ” matches . They were having a bad day , and the return of Paul Heyman 's number one Beast just made that day even worse .
Brock Lesnar had been rumoured to return , and the speculation had essentially been confirmed to be true , but it was n't until their music hit at the end of the RAW after WrestleMania that people could really believe it .
Cena was shocked , the crowd went wild , and the return of Brock Lesnar after eight years had finally arrived . WWE went in an interesting direction by having Lesnar actually lose to Cena only four weeks later at the Extreme Rules pay-per-view , but it was an amazing match , the likes of which nobody had seen before .
Brock returned and not only shocked the world because we never thought they were ever coming back but also brought in a completely different style of wrestling , that made their performances feel as real as they could get .
ALBUQUERQUE , New Mexico - A federal judge has handed sentencing to a New Mexico man convicted on charges of child pornography and human smuggling .
34 year-old Samuel Elliott was sentenced by a U.S. District Judge to 170 years in prison . Elliott 's sentencing stems from a combination of charges they were convicted for in two separate federal cases .
In July 2013 , New Mexico State Police , which contains members of the New Mexico Internet Crimes Against Children ( ICAC ) Task Force , executed a search warrant at Elliott 's residence , where their iPhone , a desktop computer , and a hard-drive were seized . Investigators also executed a search warrant on Elliott 's Dropbox account .
On June 26th , 2018 , Elliot pled guilty to three counts of producing visual depictions of minors engaged in sexually explicit conduct between December 2012 and July 2013 , and four counts of possessing material containing images of child pornography .
During their plea agreement , Elliott admitted to using a video camera to record a video of themselves engaging in sexually explicit conduct with a child between one and five years of age , as well as using a video camera to produce sexually explicit visual depictions of a sleeping child between five and eleven years of age . Elliott also admitted to using an iPhone to produce sexually explicit depictions of a third child who was between one and five years of age .
Forensic examinations recovered thousands of child pornography from their iPhone , 48 images of child pornography from the hard-drive , about 300 images of child pornography from the desktop computer , and 72 videos of child pornography from their Dropbox online storage account . As part of their plea agreement , Elliot acknowledged the search warrants and forensic examinations .
All of Elliot 's crimes were allegedly committed in Luna County , New Mexico .
In a separate federal case , Elliott and their brother , 35 year-old Robert Steven Elliott , II , were charged with a criminal complaint for conspiring to transport undocumented immigrants on August 28th , 2013 , in Luna County , New Mexico . Both brothers were indicted on the same charge on December 11th , 2013 .
On March 20th , 2014 , Elliot pled guilty and was sentenced to 15 months in prison . Robert Steven Elliot pled guilty to the same charge on October 1st , 2014 , and was sentenced to time served followed by three years of supervised release .
In addition to the 170 year prison sentence given on Monday , which is a concurrent sentence imposed by both cases , Elliott was also ordered to pay $ 210,012 in restitution to each of the three children victimized by their child pornography production scheme .
`` The Las Cruces Police Department is honored to work alongside our counterparts , from local and federal agencies , to help protect our children from offenders that are poisoning our communities , '' said Las Cruces Police Deputy Chief Justin Dunivan . `` We believe our actions will have a significant impact and ensure that the defendant never harms another child . ''
by
By ZACH GILLELAND
Sports Reporter
@ _zachariahg
As September sees its finals days , it means only one thing—the most wonderful time of the year is approaching—postseason baseball .
The year of the homerun has tantalized fans throughout the season , but before the final postseason tickets have been punched , The Flyer takes a look at the 2017 season and predicts which players will take home hardware .
NL MVP
Probably the most wide-open of all awards , the National League Most Valuable Player Award has no clear front-runner , with players such as Marlins ' outfielder Giancarlo Stanton , Reds ' first baseman Joey Votto , Rockies ' third baseman Nolan Arenado and Diamondbacks ' first baseman Paul Goldschmidt as viable options .
Sure , fans and the media point to Stanton 's historic home run pace—56 at the time of this writing and tied for a record 18 in the month of August . The outfielder averages an unprecedented 417 feet per homerun , an ode to their sheer power .
But in this day and age of advanced statistics and analytics , it 's just not enough to win the MVP . Stanton 's .279 batting average is the key . The last player to win an MVP with a batting average under .280 was Johnny Bench , who averaged .270 in 1972 .
Among MVP hopefuls , only Goldschmidt and Arenado are on teams with a winning record .
PREDICTION : Paul Goldschmidt
The most important player on a surprising Diamondback 's that looks to lock up the top Wild Card spot , Goldschmidt is having one of their finest seasons . The 30-year-old holds a .305 average , hitting 35 home runs , driving in 117 RBIs and stealing 18 bases . Their 6.0 wins above replacement ( or WAR , which judges a player 's value over a replacement player ) is good for fourth in the National League .
AL MVP
Yankees ' outfielder Aaron Judge had been the popular pick throughout the season , but with a declining batting average and record-setting strikeout totals—his 199 strikeouts are tied for most all-time for a rookie—it pulls them out of the MVP race .
Angels ' outfielder Mike Trout , a two-time MVP of their own , was another popular pick . But after missing more than a month of action , it 's not enough to garner the award .
Another option is Indians ' third baseman Jose Ramirez . The extra-base hit machine has hit 27 home runs and an MLB-leading 51 doubles this season .
PREDICTION : Jose Altuve
The Astros ' second baseman has solidified themselves as one of the top players in the game , leading the MLB with an 8.0 WAR . Altuve boasts an MLB-leading .345 average to go along with 24 home runs , 80 RBIs and 31 stolen bases .
NL CY YOUNG
An award that has been dominated by two names in recent years , Dodgers ' Clayton Kershaw and Nationals ' Max Scherzer have won a combined five Cy Young Awards in the past six seasons .
And it looks to be down to the two aces again .
Surprisingly enough , neither pitcher leads the NL in WAR . That honor goes to Nationals ' pitcher Gio Gonzalez , who is having their best season in recent years .
But it is difficult to deny that the duo are among the top , if not the top-two pitchers in all baseball . Both pitchers reached the 2,000 strikeout mark earlier this season and show no signs of slowing down .
PREDICTION : Max Scherzer
The Nats ' ace continues to prove why he 's one of the game 's most elite . The right-hander holds a 15-6 record with a 2.59 ERA and is first in the NL with 253 strikeouts .
AL CY YOUNG
Like the NL Cy Young race , the AL Cy Young race has essentially been a two-man race during the second half of the season .
The sexier pick among the media throughout the season has been Red Sox left-hander Chris Sale . Sale joined elite company , becoming the first Boston pitcher to reach 300 strikeouts since Hall of Famer Pedro Martinez in 1999 .
Sale has enjoyed a stellar first season for the Red Sox , holding a 17-7 record with a 2.75 ERA and an even 300 strikeouts .
Even though Sale 's numbers are great , there is someone that has pitched even better .
PREDICTION : Corey Kluber
The Indian 's right-hander is on a tear in the month of September , allowing just three runs in 31 innings pitched . Kluber leads the AL with a 2.35 ERA and is first in the MLB with a 7.6 WAR .
NL ROOKIE OF THE YEAR
For those unfamiliar with the game of baseball , 2017 is the year of the home run . The record for home runs in a season was shattered with over a week to play .
Rookies have showcased their power as well , with nine rookies blasting 20 or more home runs including five in the NL .
PREDICTION : Cody Bellinger
One of the safest picks , Bellinger set the Dodgers ' record for home runs in a season by a rookie , surpassing Mike Piazza 's mark of 35 in 1993 . The first baseman sports a .275 average while hitting 39 home runs and 94 RBIs .
AL ROOKIE OF THE YEAR
The easiest pick to make , no player has made their name more this season . Hitting home runs at an incredible rate this season , this player had been in the MVP conversation .
PREDICTION : Aaron Judge
Physically daunting at 6 feet 7 inches and 280 pounds , Judge 's season is one of the best all-time for a rookie . With 45 home runs , Judge trails only Mark McGwire for home runs in a season by a rookie .
The strikeouts are a problem , with Judge setting a record for most consecutive games with a strikeout . But their plate discipline is impressive , walking 116 times for an on base percentage of .412 .
For the season Judge holds a .277 average , hitting 45 home runs and driving in 101 RBIs .
Advertisements
by Ron Fong/president and CEO , California Grocers Association
Local governments across the country have become emboldened to legislate on issues they never considered . Likely due to the action or inaction of federal and state governments , cities and counties feel it is a duty and opportunity to regulate on the bleeding-edge policy . California has always been a hotbed of progressive policy at the local level , but we have reached a new territory with the regulation of raw meat products by the City of San Francisco .
At the end of 2017 , the San Francisco Board of Supervisors passed an ordinance that would require larger grocery stores to report to the city the use of antibiotics in animals for all raw meat products . Their thought process is that the overuse of antibiotics in animals is a contributing cause to antibiotics resistance in humans , creating a health risk .
Whether the intentions of San Francisco will result in improved human health is unknown , but it is clear that this mandate is an extreme burden for grocers . The ordinance requires grocers to report detailed antibiotics use information for posting on the city website . The challenge is the depth and reach of information requested is either not available or is so specific that compliance is impossible .
The likely result of implementation , which has already been delayed once by the food industry , will be an outcry by the ordinance sponsors , like the Natural Resources Defense Council ( NRDC ) , and confusion for consumers . This potential perception of a lack of compliance by grocers and meat producers will be the result of a poorly written ordinance pursued by a government entity ill equipped to understand or regulate agricultural issues .
The issue in San Francisco is not the only issue grocers are fighting in California currently . Local governments also are regulating mandated recycling of cans and bottles , pushing grocers out of compliance with state law . We also are experiencing a war on plastic , leading to potential cost increases of up to 400 percent on food packaging .
Engaged and active local governments are necessary to build and maintain communities where food retailers can be successful . But pushing to create a statewide or nationwide policy trend on the backs of brick-and-mortar grocers will result in fewer grocers serving neighborhoods . Grocers invest in property , provide jobs and generate taxes . Local governments need to be careful to not bite that hand that feeds them , literally .
As an industry we need to be vigilant and consistent advocates with our local governments . Creating appreciation and understanding of the complexities of running a grocery store will go a long way to preventing further damage to our industry . Our state and national capitals should be watched closely , but do n't forget to keep an eye on City Hall as well .
Fong became President and CEO of CGA in March 2008 . A native Californian and a lawyer , they joined CGA after 12 years with the California Credit Union League ( CCUL ) . At CGA , Fong serves as the association 's chief legislative and political advocate and ­oversees government relations , member services , convention and communication programs . They also are ­president of the California Grocers Association Educational Foundation ( CGAEF ) . Their grandfather started Carmichael Supermarket , the first grocery market in Carmichael , California , in 1941 , and Fong worked in the ­grocery business as they grew up .
Keep reading :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has an almost first-choice starting XI to pick from for Liverpool 's Champions League first leg semi-final against Roma .
Adam Lallana , Joel Matip and Emre Can are all absent for the clash against the Serie A side , while Nathaniel Clyne is a doubt .
But Jordan Henderson returns after they were banned for the quarter-final victory against Manchester City and is likely to partner Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in midfield .
Boss Klopp rested a number of their stars against West Brom at the weekend - with Dejan Lovren , Alexander-Arnold , Oxlade-Chamberlain and Roberto Firmino .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
Mo Salah will face former club Roma , and Klopp has warned their Egyptian they could be in for a kicking .
“ I am pretty sure Italian defenders are famous for not having friendly games so I think Mo will feel pretty early in the game they are not their team-mates any more , '' the German said .
( Image : Liverpool FC )
“ But they can strike back in a football way . They know that . I do n't need to tell him . I did n't speak to them after their PFA award but I 'll tell them what I want to tell them face to face .
“ It 's great : but the season is not finished and there are a lot of things to come . ”
Liverpool 's probable XI
Karius , Alexander-Arnold , van Dijk , Lovren , Robertson , Wijnaldum , Henderson , Oxlade-Chamberlain , Salah , Firmino , Mane
Some parts of Lismore have seen flash flooding after a storm yesterday afternoon .
ONE OF the most beautiful sounds is rain falling steadily on a very parched , dry land .
And that is what Northern Rivers residents got treated to last night when a band of thick cloud and thunderstorms moved across the region .
Rain at Falls Festival : The beautiful sound of rain at Falls Festival
Revellers at Falls Festival to farmers aching to see their paddocks green again , all got to experience a good drenching .
So what 's happening today ?
Firstly temperatures will be much cooler with maximums between 25 and 30 forecast by the Bureau of Meteorology .
The day will be cloudy with a 70 % chance of showers .
Winds will be south to southeasterly 25 to 35 km/h becoming light in the late evening .
Rainfall since 9am January 2 , 2016 .
Ballina - 22.2mm
Byron - 29.8mm
Casino - 43.6mm
Evans Head - 25.2mm
Lismore - 65.4mm
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool fans are ready to create another famous European night at Anfield when Roma arrive for their Champions League semi-final .
The tune of Sit Down by James , the tribute to Mo Salah , and the classic You 'll Never Walk Alone will pierce the Merseyside air as the Kop end cheer on their heroes .
But there is one chant which has been the soundtrack of the Reds ' stomp around the continent - the sounds of `` Allez Allez Allez '' .
The song is likely to still be ringing in the ears of anyone who was at Anfield for the quarter-final first leg against Manchester City .
The words 'Allez , Allez , Allez ' are splashed on the front cover of this evening 's matchday programme - after the latest song became a hit with Kopites , reports the Liverpool Echo .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
It 's no coincidence that when your team are playing well , more songs get created and this season we have seen a few new tunes added to the Anfield songbook .
The new favourite on the Kop is the 'Allez Allez Allez ' song that started at Porto back in February .
People might not be aware of where this song started , but it was by a group of young lads on the concourse before the Porto away leg .
It might have already been sang on coaches , but this was its first outing in an away end - and people stood around to try and learn the lyrics .
( Image : Getty Images Sport )
( Image : Reuters )
Immediately it had the feeling of a great Liverpool song , but people could n't catch the words right away .
At 5-0 up in Porto , the same group tried to get it going . Not everyone knew the words but it gradually grew with people joining in with the Allez , Allez , Allez part .
And thanks to social media , the footage from the concourse before the game was shared by hundreds of people .
Most Liverpool fans had now heard it .
It really took off after a video appeared from a pub after the Newcastle United game in March .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Then during the Porto return leg at Anfield the song had its first airing on the Kop - and since then it has become the most popular song amongst Liverpool fans .
Despite defeat against Manchester United at Old Trafford , the fans sang it loudly during the lock-in after the game .
And the flag twirling against Manchester City wo n't be forgotten as all four sides of Anfield sang in unison .
At full-time of the second leg , when the players celebrated with the joyous travelling Kop , it was this song that they were singing .
In recent times , memorable European campaigns have had a song that is related to the run .
Back in 2005 it was Ring of Fire , 2007 was Oh Campione , 2016 was Three Little Birds and this year it is Allez Allez Allez .
It will echo around Anfield tonight .
( Image : AFP )
The lyrics to Allez Allez Allez
`` We 've conquered all of Europe ,
`` We 're never gon na stop ,
`` From Paris down to Turkey ,
`` We 've won the f * * * ing lot ,
`` Bob Paisley and Bill Shankly ,
`` The fields of Anfield Road ,
`` We are loyal supporters ,
A mum is warning parents of young children to check electrical appliances after their 23-month-old daughter got dragged inside a spinning tumble dryer .
Little Iiylah-Louise was playing when they opened the door of the dryer and got their finger caught on a blanket as it sped round the drum .
Little Iiylah-Louise was playing when they opened the door of the dryer and got their finger caught on a blanket as it sped round the drum .
Horrified mum Shannon , 24 , heard their daughter 's screams and managed to flick the machine off at the mains just as the tot 's head was pulled inside .
Iiylah was rushed to hospital following the freak accident at their home in Somercotes , Derby , last Wednesday ( 18/10 ) .
They spent the day in King 's Mill Hospital , Notts. , where they received treatment for tissue damage to the fingers on their right hand .
Shannon , who has three other children , has tried to contact the manufacturer of the Crusader CT31V tumble dryer but the firm no longer exists .
They are now warning parents to check their appliances to make sure they automatically cut out if the doors are opened .
Shannon said : “ It was about 3pm and I was cooking the tea when it happened .
“ The tumble dryer is in the dining room along with a load of toys , and they had obviously managed to open the door while it was still going round .
“ The blankets and duvet covers in there had wrapped around them tighter and tighter and were pulling them in .
“ I tried to pull them out , but nothing was working .
“ Her head was slowly being pulled in , and I was worried that something awful might happen , because the momentum was pulling them in .
“ I grabbed them but it was still pulling at them so I flicked the power switch .
“ She was screaming but it could have been awful if their head went into the fast spinning drum - they could have been very seriously injured or even worse .
“ The dryer is a few years old but it had always stopped spinning when you opened the door .
“ I 've thrown the dryer out now and I 'll never have one again . Thank god they were able to cry out and warn me about what was happening .
“ It 's been horrible . It 's the most horrific thing that I have ever seen in my life .
“ I just could n't get the blankets off their quick enough , it felt like everything was just taking ages .
“ The next day , we put them to bed as normal , but at around 7pm they started screaming again .
“ She was shaking all over , and started vomiting repeatedly . The doctors reckon it must be some sort of seizure , perhaps brought on by shock .
“ Thankfully they are all ok now and on the mend . ”
The appliance , which is believed to be around ten years old , was bought second-hand from Shannon 's mum Louise Evans , 44 , in 2012 .
It had a safety feature which ensured it stopped spinning when the door opened , but this is believed to have malfunctioned .
Shannon has now thrown out the faulty appliance , and , along with partner A-Jay Forbes , 30 , is warning fellow parents to take extra care when it comes to washing .
Craig McClue , lead officer and policy executive at the Chartered Trading Standards Institute , said : “ Product safety is a serious issue and consumers need to think carefully when looking to buy older second hand appliances .
“ The safety of the product will be unknown and parts of it might be failing depending on its age .
“ As a precaution trading standards recommend that a thorough safety check is carried out by a qualified technician . ”
Scarlet fever 's on the rise in the UK . Here 's wha
Are you ready for the new car tax rules ?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The move to British Summer Time ( BST ) means that the days are getting longer - but switching clocks also means a whole hour less in bed .
The good news is that many of our internet-connected clocks ( like smartphones , tablets and TVs ) will do it automatically . But you still need to be prepared to avoid getting caught out .
Thankfully this year it falls on a Sunday - so there 's hopefully no prospect of missing the morning meeting or your regular train .
But why does it happen and what 's the best way to deal with the time change ? To make sure you 're set for Daylight Savings Time , here 's everything you need to know about swapping over .
When do I change my clock ?
It 'll be time to change your clock in March .
The UK swaps to British Summer Time on Sunday March 26 at 1am , which means you should put your clock forward an hour
The time right now :
How do I remember which direction to change the clocks ?
To avoid confusion , simply memorise the simple phrase 'spring forward , fall back ' .
The clocks always go forward an hour on the last weekend in March in spring and go back on the final weekend of October in autumn .
Why do we change the clocks ?
( Photo : Getty )
The moving of the clocks was first introduced during World War One by Germany and Austria , and then by the allies , to save on coal usage .
It was invented by George Vincent Hudson , a New Zealand entomologist in 1895 , while British business person William Willett is also credited with the idea as a way of getting up earlier and so having more daylight hours after work .
While the UK has always had daylight savings time since it was first introduced , it came into widespread use across the world during the 1970s because of the energy crisis .
Dealing with the time change
( Photo : Getty )
One of the downsides of the clocks changing it is can disrupt your sleep patterns leaving you feeling groggy and unrested .
To avoid this , you might want to go to bed an hour early to counteract the time change .
If you 're having trouble sleeping , there are several things you can do to help you slip into slumber , from humming to yourself to inhaling through your left nostril .
Does changing the time still have any benefits ?
( Photo : Getty )
Arguments still rage over the economic or health benefits it brings .
Those in favour say it saves energy , reduces traffic accidents and crime , and is good for businesses too .
Those against the change say it 's not clear if any energy savings are made , while there are also potential health risks .
Children 's health would be improved if clocks were moved forward an hour , according to research .
Researchers compared 23,000 children aged five to 16 in England , Australia , the US , Norway , Denmark , Estonia , Switzerland , Brazil , and the Portuguese island of Madeira .
To test the effect of daylight on activity levels , the children wore electronic devices measuring body movement .
The scientists found children 's total daily activity levels were up to 20 % higher on summer days when the sun set after 9pm than on winter days when darkness fell .
2 First-Time Boston Marathoners Emerge Victorious
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles Krupa/AP Charles Krupa/AP
Two Kenyan runners , both of them making their Boston Marathon debut , have won the prestigious race .
Edna Kiplagat , a Kenyan police officer and two-time world champion marathoner , finished first in the women 's race with a time of 2:21:52 . Rose Chelimo , a Kenyan-born Bahraini runner , placed second .
Geoffrey Kirui , also of Kenya , won the mens ' race at 2:09:37 — their first-ever marathon victory . They edged out Portland runner Galen Rupp by 21 seconds .
It was a big day for debut runners at Boston , according to Runner 's World .
In the women 's race , 25-year-old Jordan Hasay ran their first-ever marathon in 2:23:00 to place third . It was the fastest-ever debut by an American woman , Runner 's World says .
And in the men 's race , 26-year-old Suguru Osako of Japan — also competing in their first marathon — placed third with 2:10:28 .
Meanwhile , competitors in the wheelchair race finished in world-best times , The Associated Press reports :
`` Manuela Schar of Switzerland finished in 1 hour , 28 minutes , 17 seconds — shattering the world 's best by more than five minutes . Fellow Swiss Marcel Hug took the men 's race in 1:18:04 , also the fastest time ever . `` The winners ' times are considered a world best and not a world record . The straight-line Boston course does n't qualify for world records because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday . ''
The athletes had a tailwind of 13 mph , the AP reports .
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States , India 's software services companies are worried . Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year , and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry .
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas : the H1-B . It 's `` a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer , '' explains Stephen Yale-Loehr , a Cornell University immigration law professor .
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up , the program is in particularly big demand . Last year , U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas , the legal cap . The bulk of the winners : Indian computer specialists , many of them graduates of U.S. universities .
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent , but that the United States does n't .
`` We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B , and it 's getting more difficult every year , '' they say .
For many H1-B holders , the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years -- has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card . That grants permanent residence in the U.S. , and in turn provides a path to citizenship .
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program .
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $ 108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India 's most successful industries .
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders , which by law is set at $ 60,000 . Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers , and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper .
Shailesh Chitnis , with the data mining and analysis company Compile , says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $ 71,000 , most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that . If they had to double salaries , Chitnis says , Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model .
`` Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $ 120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive , '' they say . `` They 'll have to look at some other alternatives . ''
But Shevendra Singh with India 's National Association of Software Services Companies , or NASSCOM , refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor . Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science , technology , engineering and math .
`` The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S. , '' Singh says .
In its 2012 report , the U.S. president 's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that `` fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree . '' The council concluded that in the next decade , economic forecasts point to a need to produce `` approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions . ''
R. Chandrashekhar , president of NASSCOM , says that if the skills are n't available in the U.S. — and companies ca n't bring workers in — the jobs either wo n't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely .
`` Talent has become more important than investment or trade , '' they say . `` And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing . ''
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley , and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States , and what makes it unique .
`` America is No . 1 , '' Chandrashekhar says . `` What has really helped them to rise , absolutely , to the top , is that they have attracted talent from across the world . ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through . ''
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr , co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law , agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge , and says it should be inviting more , not less , IT talent to its shores .
`` In a globalized economy , the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they 're unable work in the United States , or it takes too long or is too difficult , they 'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated , '' they say .
If implemented , Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct , immediate impact .
However , they say `` it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we 're all about only U.S . workers . ''
That , Yale-Loehr says , is eventually going to hurt the U.S .
Copyright 2017 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
ROBERT SIEGEL , HOST :
In India , tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers . A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians , but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs . From New Delhi , NPR 's Julie McCarthy has more .
JULIE MCCARTHY , BYLINE : In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas , the H-1B is arguably the most coveted .
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR : An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer .
MCCARTHY : Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand . Last year , U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas . The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists , many graduates from U.S. universities . Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent .
YALE-LOEHR : We do n't , and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B . And it 's getting more difficult every year .
KELLY MCEVERS , HOST :
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program . The stakes are high for Indian IT firms . Using H-1Bs , they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders .
Critics say there 's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap . Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $ 71,000 , several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that . And if they had to double salaries , they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model .
SHAILESH CHITNES : These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $ 120,000 to fill those jobs . It would simply be too expensive . They 'll have to look at some other alternatives .
MCCARTHY : India 's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers . There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent , they argue , because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science , engineering and math . The president of the group representing Indian software services companies , R. Chandrashekhar , says talent has become more important than investment or trade .
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR : And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing .
MCCARTHY : Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique .
CHANDRASHEKAR : America is number one . What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world , from every corner of the world . And that 's what has made them who they are . It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through .
MCCARTHY : Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented , the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact .
YALE-LOEHR : But it sends a strong signal that we 'd no longer like foreign workers . We 're all about only U.S. workers . That is eventually going to hurt us .
MCCARTHY : Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India 's most competitive businesses . Julie McCarthy , NPR News , New Delhi . Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .
I spent a lot of time in 2016 working on more information architecture ( IA ) projects than usual – from designing comprehensive information architectures as part of intranet migrations or upgrades to small IA usability engagements and everything in between . Here are six key lessons that I learned that can form the basis of your new year 's resolution to give your intranet IA a health check .
The Information Architecture for your intranet provides the strategy and plan for information access . It informs how users will navigate through the solution and how information managed by the solution will be organized . A good intranet information architecture is 100 % focused on the people who need to process , find , and interact with the content . We mostly think of IA as supporting the “ browse ” experience . But , given the fact that search depends on metadata , which is part of your IA , a good IA is also supporting search . If you get it right , your information architecture will help users find content in three critical content-finding scenarios :
• I know it exists and I know where it is
• I know it exists but I do n't know where it is
• I do n't even know if it exists
In my experience doing usability studies in multiple organizations , only the second of these three scenarios begins with search . The others typically start with users browsing or attempting to browse , often because search has been so awful in the past ! One might wonder if given how awesome search is in SharePoint/Office 365 and how Delve presents contextual information to users without even having to search , does IA still matter in 2017 ? Yes , it does ! According to digital experience guru Gerry McGovern , “ we find that when people arrive at a particular site they start by navigating about 70 % of the time . When people get stuck navigating they may resort to using site search. ” My intranet usability data suggests that users typically start with browsing 80 % of the time . Given this , I think it 's a good idea to start 2017 with an intranet IA health check !
Check 1 : Do you have a content management plan ? A good intranet IA will help improve user adoption , improve user satisfaction and productivity , reduce information overload , and reduce compliance and bad information risk . A bad IA makes people frustrated and distrustful of the intranet and its content . No matter how effective your IA is , if the content is n't current , accurate , and reliable , your intranet will not deliver value . This first aspect of your IA health check is n't about IA at all – it 's about governance . If your content sucks , it does n't matter how well it is organized . It 's better to find no content than to find inaccurate or irrelevant content . I worked with a client this year that had an effective intranet information architecture – for browsing . Unfortunately , users complained bitterly about search because way too often , search returned old versions of content , with current versions buried on the second or third page of search results . If you do n't have a plan to remove outdated content – or better yet , a plan to replace rather than add new content versions – it does n't matter if your content is well organized .
Check 2 : Is the most important information easy to find on every page ? I could have called this check “ Is the most important information above the fold ? ” The term “ above the fold ” is a newspaper term that refers to the upper half of the front page where an important news story or photograph is often located . In page layout design , this term has come to refer to what is visible on a page without having to scroll . There is controversy in the IA community about whether scrolling matters anymore since on mobile devices , swiping is basically second nature . ( I recently saw an 18-month old baby swiping on their mother 's iPhone ! ) Given the world of responsive designs and a variety of screen sizes , it 's impossible to explicitly lay out a page for a specific “ fold. ” That said , I have done enough usability tests to know that the concept of the fold still matters . And , I 'm not alone in this opinion . As you review your intranet pages , is the most important and frequently changing information front and center ? Can it be found without a lot of scrolling – no matter which device a person uses ? Do users need to scroll through “ blah-blah ” text to find important content ? Here 's a challenge for you – if you have “ who we are and what we do ” information that never changes on department home pages , move it off to an About page and link to it from the home page . I promise you , no kittens will die . “ About ” information is very useful for first time users and new employees . Once users know about the department , they do n't need to see your mission statement every time they land on your page .
Check 3 : Does your content have a meaningful organizational strategy ? This is not just about your top navigational links . It 's about all your content . Take a look at this “ UX Picnic ” video with IA guru Donna Spencer . They have some great advice about organizing your content with their collection of “ why ca n't we organize by … ” FAQs . Even if you do n't agree with everything they say , there is a lot to learn from and enjoy by watching Donna talk about IA . Here is an important takeaway about organizational strategy : when people look at a list of things , they assume that there is some type of order . Donna does n't love alphabetical order but they acknowledge that they might be wrong in some contexts . I think one of the contexts where they might be wrong is your intranet ! If there is no other meaningful order , then at least do n't make it random – order your links and content alphabetically . ( Be sure to watch all the way to the end , by the way , because although Donna speaks in very black and white terms in the talk , at the end they acknowledge what we know about most definitive advice when it comes to IA – “ it depends . ” )
Check 4 : Have you taught your content publishers how to create content for their users ? And , have you given them any guidance about how to choose the right approach to communicate different types of content and create it for the web ? Most intranet content publishers are focused on providing content that they think is critically important . Unfortunately , they do n't always think about for whom the content is critical ! For example , imagine a “ fictional ” HR department . HR knows that it 's important that everyone in the organization is aware of the sexual harassment policy . So , they place a featured link to that policy on their home page . When a user comes to the HR page , I can promise you that they are not looking for the sexual harassment policy – at least not as featured content ! They want to find out how to when the next paid holiday is or how much vacation leave they have accrued or how much was their last direct deposit or how to add their new baby to their benefits or find out if the course they want to take will be reimbursed . The story we want to tell on the HR home page is what users need , not just what HR wants to tell . If often ask content producers to think about what they get called about the most – and to make sure that the information people ask for most frequently is very easy to find .
We also need to give content producers guidance about writing for the web . For example , using bullets and bold to make content easier to scan , summarizing the most important content in the first two sentences , using section headers , writing in an active voice , etc . People do n't read on the web , they scan . We need to make sure that content is `` scannable '' – even if we must have a lot of text to explain the point . Here are some tips I like . In addition , create page layout patterns so that your content producers do n't have to think too hard about writing for the web – let the page layout help guide content producers to create the most effective content .
Check 5 : Are you gathering usage data so that you can improve your IA ? The biggest mistake you can make is letting organizational politics drive your IA . I know , sometimes it 's just better to cave than to argue about whether Vice President A 's request is more important than Vice President B . However , the only chance you have about proving your IA recommendation is to understand what users are accessing and what they are searching for . If you want to know for sure which links are adding value , you need to be collecting and reviewing usage data ! I 'm excited about the Office 365 adoption content pack in PowerBI , which includes a lot of really useful information . However , the content pack will not get the detailed information you need to have really good insights into your IA without looking in to third-party metrics tools . I 've been keeping a list of metrics that I like for knowledge management that you may find helpful in looking for analytics tools to support ongoing analysis of your IA .
Check 6 : Have you tested your IA ? Even if you do n't do any of the other health checks , you can learn a lot from a quick usability test of your IA . You can use a simple “ common task ” analysis to learn something valuable . First , review this “ oldie but goodie ” article about why you only need to test with 5 users . Second , take a look at this post by IA guru Donna Spencer , How to Test an Information Architecture . I often use the approach Donna recommends for existing intranets in a simple and short face-to-face test . I provide the testers with a list of no more than 20 tasks and then ask them to “ think out loud ” as they work through the tasks . I look at the paths they take , how long it takes to find the answer , the number of false starts , and whether they start with browse or search . A thoughtfully planned but inexpensive usability test is a great way to kick off your new year 's resolution for improving your intranet 's information architecture .
Want to learn more about IA ? It 's going to be a theme of my 2017 conference talks – especially after we learn more about the new publishing scenarios in Office 365 ! Here are two events where I will be giving IA workshops in April : SPTechCon Austin ( April 2-5 , 2017 ) and SharePoint Fest DC ( April 17-20 , 2017 ) .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Louisa Johnson has shared a video of themselves stripping down to their underwear in front of record bosses after they played their new single .
The X Factor star had previously given an interview where they described the moment they first heard Yes being played to them
`` I ripped all my clothes off stripped down to my underwear then jumped on the boardroom table and started strutting my stuff , '' they recalled .
But not everyone on Twitter believed the blonde singer , prompting one to share a screen grab of their quotes alongside the caption : `` This just did n't happen , did it ? ''
( Image : Twitter/ @ louisa )
( Image : Twitter/ @ louisa )
( Image : Twitter/ @ louisa )
Proving them wrong , Louisa soon responded to the tweet with video evidence of the exact moment they had described .
Louisa had previously said : `` When this single was first played to me in the middle of the afternoon in the boardroom at my record company , I was so happy I just went mental . ''
They went on : `` I was literally doing every Rihanna move I 'd learnt since I was a six-year-old kid in my living room in Essex .
( Image : Twitter/ @ louisa )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Instagram )
`` And there I was on a table in front of all these record company executives in my bra and knickers .
`` And I actually never felt more liberated .
`` It 's like I was saying to them , ‘ Yes , this is me . This is finally all me . You 're seeing the real me . ' ”
NEW YORK — Blake Francis scored 15 points , AJ Sumbry had 10 points and 11 rebounds and Wagner cruised to a 79-61 victory over St. Francis ( Brooklyn ) on Saturday for its sixth straight win .
Wagner ( 17-6 , 10-2 ) has a two-game lead over Mount St. Mary 's atop the Northeast Conference standings . St. Francis ( 10-14 , 7-5 ) has lost two of its last three games .
JoJo Cooper added 14 points for the Seahawks , which outrebounded St. Francis 46-34 . Romone Saunders had 12 points and Devin Liggeons chipped in 10 .
Chauncey Hawkins scored 18 points to lead the Terriers . Glenn Sanabria added 12 points and Rasheem Dunn had 10 .
Girl Scout Troop 55699 is holding a shoe drive for Shoe Away Hunger program through the month of April at Lauderdale City Hall , 1891 Walnut St . The scouts are collecting used shoes that will be re-sold or recycled . Proceeds are used to provide food for those in need .
Photo : Yahya Jammeh .
Banjul , Monday
Authorities in The Gambia have shut down a popular radio station critical of long-serving ruler Yahya Jammeh . Intelligence agents ordered Teranga FM 's closure without giving reasons , said Emil Touray , the head of the Gambia Press Union .
This is the first sign of a crackdown on the media since Jammeh rejected defeat in the December 1 poll . Jammeh first seized power in a bloodless coup in 1994 .
Four National Intelligence Agency operatives and a police officer visited the offices of Teranga FM on Sunday to demand its closure , a staff member told AFP on condition of anonymity . There has been no official comment from the government .
Station manager Alagie Ceesay was arrested in July 2015 on charges of sedition and “ publication of false news ” – allegations they denied . The Gambia ranked 145 out of 180 countries in media campaign group Reporters Without Borders ' 2016 World Press Freedom Index . – BBC
On Wednesday , a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories , the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account showing them and Rosengren at practice — posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation 's soccer jersey .
`` When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it 's coming home . let 's go England ! '' Edmund posted , referring to the slogan their country 's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup .
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday , Edmund will be hoping their third-round match Saturday is scheduled at a time that does n't conflict with a certain soccer match .
___
5:30 p.m .
Real Madrid is back in the thick of intrigue at the World Cup even with Spain having been eliminated .
The Champions League titleholder issued a statement Wednesday rejecting reports that it has reached an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain . This comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world-record transfer of 310 million euros ( $ 360 million ) .
Madrid made waves at the start of the tournament when it hired Spain coach Julen Lopetegui to take over after the World Cup . Spain 's federation summarily fired Lopetegui days before Spain 's first match , saying the coach and club had n't given it proper notice .
___
5:08 p.m .
A Moscow court has fined a British fan for vandalizing a statue of a revered Russian soccer player outside a World Cup stadium .
The Tushinsky District Court handed a 3,000-ruble ( $ 47 ) fine Wednesday to 20-year-old Rufus Hall for inscribing the statue of former Spartak Moscow player Fyodor Cherenkov with the word `` England . '' Hall was detained by police just before England defeated Colombia on Tuesday .
The vandalism prompted an outpouring of criticism of English fans on Russian social networks , with users calling them poor guests . Hall apologized in a video posted online by Sport24.ru .
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club . Thousands of fans attended their funeral in 2014 .
___
3:03 p.m .
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena .
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday . The four were released a few hours later .
Lika Petrovskaya , a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest , said their goal was `` to attract attention to the political repressions , '' including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov . Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov 's release .
Sentsov , a vocal opponent of Russia 's annexation of Crimea , was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts . They denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May .
___
2:43 p.m .
After impressing at the World Cup , Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag .
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers ' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander `` has n't gone unnoticed . '' Halldorsson 's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina .
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got `` a concrete bid from Qarabag , which we have accepted . '' Details of the deal were not released .
Halldorsson , who played 69 games for the team , said `` it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure . ''
By The Associated Press
WWE News : Ricochet talks about how the WWE could fix its Cruiserweight Division
Ricochet comments on the difference between the CWC and 205 Live .
by Jeremy Bennett News 15 Feb 2017 , 15:34 IST
Ricochet is currently one of the hottest free agents , but ca n't appear on television yet .
What 's the story ?
Recently , major pro wrestling free agent Ricochet had an interview with Solowrestling.com as reported by Wrestling Inc. regarding the WWE Cruiserweight Division . They went on to comment on why 205 Live is n't as good as it could be . Here 's what they said :
Obviously , in the Cruiserweight Classic they could tear the house down however they wanted . I think if they would let them go a little more that style and maybe less of the cheesy backstage promos and stuff .
In case you did n't know ...
As Prince Puma in Lucha Underground , they made their final appearances in season three ; which is currently running on the El Rey Network . They are not able to make any other television appearances until season three 's television run is complete .
Currently the third season of the show is on a break , with only half of the 40 episodes having aired . Rumour has it that it wo n't resume until the summer , and season three wo n't end until about four months from that return date .
The heart of the matter
Thankfully it does seem like 205 has found it 's groove recently and just like NXT , there are going to be some growing pains before it can get to where the yellow brand currently is . Vince McMahon is committed to making 205 Live it 's own brand like NXT , so the promotion will not give up on it easily .
What 's next ?
Currently , we are in a wait-and-see mode for the return of Lucha Underground . The last episode aired on January 11th , with no firm date for the series to resume its third season . As for 205 Live , Jack Gallagher is currently the number one contender for Neville 's WWE Cruiserweight Championship , and they will square off on March 5th at WWE Fastlane .
Sportskeeda 's take
Ricochet is n't too far off base here . The action in the Cruiserweight Classic was run by Triple H ; while Vince McMahon oversees 205 Live . It was all about the stories of the competitors during the tournament last summer ; however , there have been some bad angles and story lines that have occurred on 205 Live in its infancy .
We hope that Ricochet goes to NXT instead of 205 Live as it seemed like the Cruiserweight show was losing steam and interest within the company , but it seems like the show is starting to find it 's footing . The addition of Ricochet on either show would be a phenomenal boost , but it seems like we 'll have to wait a while for it .
Send us news tips at fightclub @ sportskeeda.com
WACO ( WBAP/KLIF News ) The first trial over the Waco biker shootout will happen nearly two years after the incident . More than 150 people are accused in the shooting and set to stand trial . Nine people died and nearly two dozen others were hurt in the May 2015 shootout at a Twin Peaks restaurant . The fight happened during a meeting between two rival biker clubs : the Banditos and the Cossacks . The first trial is set for 7 bikers on April 17th with more to follow in June , according to the Dallas Morning News . The district attorney 's office stands behind officers ' use of force that day because testimony shows some bikers opened fire on police .
Copyright 2016 WBAP/KLIF News . All rights reserved
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
HIGHLIGHTS Teen who knows promotes organ donation
Levittown student received a kidney from their dad
A Levittown student who received a kidney transplant three years ago has been striving to educate others about the importance of organ donation .
Michael Reed , a sophomore at MacArthur High School , was born with a condition causing a back flow of urine from the bladder to the kidneys called vesicoureteral reflux . They ultimately received a kidney transplant at age 14 from their father , Adam , who was a perfect match .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Since their recovery , the inspirational teen has served on the Youth Advisory Committee at Stony Brook University Hospital and has received a President 's Volunteer Service Award for their community service efforts through the hospital .
They also are the youngest person to speak at the hospital as part of National Organ Donor Appreciation Day .
“ I wanted to feel accomplished in life , ” Reed , 16 , said . “ And working with the hospital and participating in more speaking engagements make me feel like I have acquired that goal . ”
Reed 's work on the advisory board consists of meeting every few months to discuss ways to improve the hospital experience for young patients . They also help plan an annual prom for patients , volunteers to transport beds to the various departments , and gives toys and blankets to the hospital .
“ Mike is an incredible and special young man , ” MacArthur Principal Joseph Sheehan said . “ He is an inspiration to all of us here at MacArthur . ”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It would be fair to say we 're pretty spoiled for choice when it comes to festivals in Bristol , and as summer approaches it 's time to get excited for them .
Whether it 's music or food you 're into , there are plenty of events covering both right up your street – and one of the biggest which incorporates both is just weeks away .
Foodies Festival , the UK 's biggest food festival , will once again bring a jam-packed , mouth-watering day of fun to Bristol 's Durdham Downs with not only food-based events to look forward to but some big musical acts , too .
This year there will be a number of renowned chefs at the festival including Great British Bake Off 2017 finalist Stephen Carter Bailey , who will be baking live , as well as Michelin-star rated chefs Josh Eggleton of The Pony & Trap and Robert Potter of The Manor House , who will be meeting festival-goers and sharing advice .
Elsewhere , ticket-holders will be able to feast at over 30 delicious street food stalls in the Street Food Avenue , enjoy Prosecco and Parmesan masterclasses in the Drinks Theatre , join chocolate making , cake decorating and Kombucha workshops , sample and buy from artisan producers in the market area and much more .
There will also be cream pie throwing , cheese stretching and chilli eating competitions as well as lots to do for the kids .
In terms of music , the festival 's organisers have enlisted three big bands to play across the weekend of May 11-13 .
On Friday evening , revellers will be treated to a performance by The Hoosiers , who exploded onto the scene in 2007 with Worried About Ray before releasing their debut album , The Trick To Life , which shot to number one in the UK album charts .
Saturday will see Toploader and Dodgy take to the stage , with the former pleasing crowds with a certain infectious big hit to their name and the latter bringing their brand of nostalgia-laden Britpop to the festival .
Supported by Musicians Against Homelessness , the live music stage will raise money for UK-wide homelessness charity Crisis .
For tickets , visit the festival 's website here .
If Dion Phaneuf really wanted to stay , they needed to say he 's willing to move — specifically , to Las Vegas .
Now the Senators have to trade him .
And fast .
If even for a song .
It would be much better than risk losing Marc Methot or Cody Ceci in the expansion draft .
That 's a no-brainer .
The Senators would prefer to keep their Top 4 defence intact for one more run , but the arrival of the new team means all others will be stripped of a player , and GM Pierre Dorion has to keep damage to a minimum .
They must stick to their original plan of protecting three defencemen — Methot , Ceci and Erik Karlsson — despite Phaneuf 's expected decision of refusing to waive the clause in their deal stipulating they can be relocated to one of only a dozen teams .
A veteran of a 12 NHL seasons , Phaneuf has earned that right . But come on , there 's zero chance Vegas GM George McPhee is going to take on the contract of a slowing 32-year old that has four more seasons , each with a cap hit of $ 7 million , despite the threats of doing so they have surely and wisely made .
Would one of Dion 's Dozen want them when 16 months ago the Maple Leafs took on a number of bad contracts just to get rid of his ?
There 's no guarantee , but the attempt must be made .
Phaneuf is coming off a good ( 30 points ) season and a strong playoff . They are considered a leader , and a bitch to play against . Of their 12 acceptable destinations , there has to be at least a couple of teams that feel they are close to winning the Stanley Cup and could edge even closer by taking on the experience they have to offer .
The Senators do n't require a lot in return . A middle , or late round draft pick would do . So would the promise of a Christmas card .
That 's not to belittle Phaneuf . But everyone in the hockey world expects that their contract is going to be a horrible one for a team to carry when he 's 35 or 36 — if not sooner . Can they do next season all they accomplished in 2016-17 ? Maybe . But would the Senators still be able to thrive without them in the immediate future ? Why not ?
They might even be better off .
Consider how Ottawa lines up on the left side of the blue stripe in their absence . There 's Methot , who is Karlsson 's trusted partner and gets around the ice faster than Phaneuf . There 's also Mark Borowiecki , Fredrik Claesson and Ben Harpur . Already , one of them will have to flip over and play their off-point .
And then there 's Thomas Chabot , another port sider .
After all that he 's accomplished at the junior level — being named the best defenceman at the worlds and again in the Canadian Hockey League during the season — it 's absurd to think Chabot will need development time in Belleville .
More likely is that he 'll work their way into the Senators Top 4 by Christmas , at the latest . And that would leave Phaneuf as a third pairing , $ 7 million a year D-man , at best .
Even then , the more physical Borowiecki is more suited for that step-up position in Guy Boucher 's system . Conceivably , that would make Phaneuf a problem , unless they flip over to the right side where they would likely still be a third pairing guy , behind Ceci , because they should n't be charted ahead of the already good and still improving 23-year-old .
It would also be ridiculous for the Senators to even think about protecting just four forwards so they could keep their current Top 4 blueliners . As is , off limits guys up front include Mark Stone , Kyle Turris , Mike Hoffman , Jean-Gabriel Pageau and Derick Brassard , while Zack Smith is also a very valuable all-purpose player Boucher would hate to lose .
At that , the Senators will hope Bobby Ryan was right when they said nobody would touch their deal — which has five more years and a $ 7.25 million cap hit — and that McPhee is n't just bluffing to get a pick for Phaneuf because they had every intention to take Claesson from the start .
The Senators would actually be better off losing Phaneuf than either Borowiecki or Claesson . If it was determined they needed an upgrade during the season , they 'd have millions left in the budget to acquire one .
Ironically , Phaneuf 's decision to not waive their no-move forces the Senators to move him . It also begs this question : what was they thinking when they made it ?
It 's great that they like the nation 's capital so much that he 's digging in their heels , that they enjoyed the past season more than any of their previous 11 in the NHL and they ache to go on another long playoff run with the Senators . But if they did protect them and floated either Methot or Ceci — and then lost one of the two locally grown products , both of whom are cheaper and more valuable — how could Phaneuf go into that dressing room every day and face their teammates knowing they weakened their chances of winning the Cup ?
They , like the rest of us , realize there is no way Phaneuf gets taken in the expansion draft . And they , like the rest of us , know leaving them unprotected is a great bet for the Senators to make against McPhee , the dealer of the week in Vegas .
This century means the world to me : KL Rahul
Manchester , Jul 4 ( PTI ) The drought of international hundreds was playing big time in their mind and that 's why the century in the opening T20 International against England `` means the world '' to the talented Indian batsman KL Rahul .
Rahul 's unbeaten 54-ball-101 ensured a walk in the park for India as they chased down 160 against the home team yesterday .
`` This is very satisfying . I have a few international hundreds , but this means the world to me . This is very special because the last international hundred I got was about two years ago , '' Rahul told senior teammate Dinesh Karthik during an interview for the bcci.tv .
The earlier century they were referring to was against England in a Test match -- 199 in Chennai in 2016 .
Rahul admitted that it has been a rough road for them as far as their place in the limited overs squad is concerned .
`` I have been getting fifties in the IPL and Test matches , been in and out of the one-day team . It 's been a rough road in the last one , one-and-a-half years with injuries , going out . I have n't chased anything this much , with so much heart and passion , so these innings means the world to me , '' a beaming Rahul said .
The common refrain among most international cricketers is that they do n't chase numbers but Rahul said that when the three-figure mark eludes a player , they value it even more .
`` Being out of form is getting out in single-digits , but that was n't happening . I was getting starts , I was batting well . Obviously a couple of injuries , going in and out of the team . . . not finding a spot after some time has always been tough .
`` So to get that opportunity and deliver , to get that three-figure mark - I 've always said that I 've not been somebody who has chased numbers , but when I was n't getting the three-figure mark , that 's when I really realised how important three figures was
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Royal Wedding will be broadcast live in Cambridge 's Market Square .
On Saturday , May 19 , fans will be able to watch as Prince Harry and their bride Meghan Markle say ' I do ' on the big screen .
A fun-filled street party will take place alongside the screening to mark the happy occassion .
Patriotic bunting , street food and pop-up stalls are all expected to line the Market Square .
The Royal Wedding screening coincides with the return of Cambridge Night Market , a free family-friendly event hosted by Cambridge BID .
( Image : PA Wire/PA Images )
Delivered under the BID 's new ‘ Love Cambridge ' brand , the summer season of Night Markets will open with a two-day event .
On Friday , May 18 , the much-loved children 's film Sing will be aired at 6.30pm followed by hit comedy Meet The Parents at 8.30pm - a gentle nod to the wedding happening the following day .
Keep to up to date with What 's On in Cambridgeshire To keep up to date with all the latest events , entertainment and everything you love about Cambridge , give our What 's On Facebook page a like . We will tell you everything you need to know about family activities , food and drink , one off events and things to do around the county over the holidays . You will be kept informed of new shops and restaurants coming to the area , and the best in-store offers , deals and news . We also write more lighthearted positive pieces about why we # lovecambridge . We publish your pictures and videos too , so make sure to message us wit your stories . Like the Cambridge News What 's On Facebook page here .
As with previous screenings , these events are free to the public .
Limited seating is provided on a first-come-first-served basis .
Owing to the popularity of previous events , people are recommended to come early and/or bring their own portable chairs .
The continental-style Night Market will once again be held on the Friday night with more than 50 local businesses and pop-ups selling a variety of street food , beverages , clothing and unique gifts .
Becky Burrell , marketing and commercial manager at Cambridge BID , said : “ These events were so popular last year that there was no question of us returning with a second summer season .
`` They are fun for all the family and , as a result , will be happening regularly every month over the summer . We have some fantastic movie bills lined up , which we will be announcing shortly .
`` We look forward to seeing lots of familiar faces and welcoming even more new ones ! ”
About the Royal Wedding
( Image : BBC )
The Royal Wedding will take place at St George 's Chapel in Windsor Castle .
The chapel can accommodate around 800 guests , with thousands expected to flock to Windsor on the big day .
The Sun reports that floral designer Philippa Craddock will provide the flowers including a posy of white garden roses , foxgloves and peonies .
While the cake will be provided by pastry chef Claire Ptak , owner of London based , Violet Bakery . The cake will be flavoured with lemon and elderflower .
( Image : Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire )
And the royal couple have some unexpected surprises up their sleeves for guests to the wedding .
According to The Mirror , once the Queen has excused herself , the young couple plan to give the guests a reception they will 'never forget ' .
The reception , which will be held at Frogmore House , will include unlimited alcohol , burger vans , and a private performance from grime artist Stormzy .
We ca n't wait for the broadcasting , and expect fans will be turning up in their droves to watch the pair get wed .
The state 's policymaking Board of Regents voted unanimously Monday to allow special-education students who struggle with academic exams to earn high-school diplomas through an alternative route , one that relies instead on occupational assessments .
Such students , in order to get a diploma , would no longer need to earn minimum scores on state Regents exams in English and math . Until now , those requirements have applied to some degree to all students , under a state policy initiated more than 20 years ago .
The plan , crafted by Education Commissioner MaryEllen Elia , was adopted on an “ emergency ” basis , so it will apply to teens due to graduate as early as January .
Monday 's vote by a Regents committee of 16 virtually assures later formal passage by the entire 17-member board .
Dozens of Long Island parents attending the Regents meeting in Albany on Monday applauded the decision , with many dabbing their eyes . A parents ' Facebook network known as Multiple Pathways to a Diploma for All has lobbied for the measure for months , on grounds that their children 's futures depend on it .
“ It 's going to be a very merry Christmas at my house ” said Jessica Corbett of Plainview , whose 15-year-old daughter could potentially obtain a diploma through the alternative route .
Current state law provides two types of high-school diplomas : Regents diplomas for all students who score at least 65 on four state exams , and local diplomas for students who score at least 65 on two exams , while also meeting certain other testing requirements .
Get the Newsday Now newsletter ! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Special-education students have the additional option of obtaining local diplomas by scoring at least 55 on Regents exams in English and math , or negotiating a maze of scoring appeals and waivers .
Students also can obtain another type of graduation certificate , the Career Development and Occupational Studies Commencement Credential , or CDOS , earned either by completing 216 hours of occupational coursework , or passing one of four national work-readiness assessments .
But many parents and students in that group complain that employers do n't recognize the CDOS certificate as valid evidence of high-school completion , because the credential does not include the word “ diploma . ”
Under the new plan , such students could earn local diplomas , so long as they met the CDOS requirements and the superintendent of their district determined that they were proficient in English , math and other academic subjects .
The plan also provides an extra cushion for those special-education students due to graduate in the 2017-18 or 2018-19 school years who may not have had time to satisfy all CDOS rules . Those students also could obtain local diplomas , if their principals determined that they had the skills necessary for entry-level employment .
The rules change could affect substantial numbers of students .
In 2016 , the latest year for which data is available , more than 15,000 students with disabilities statewide , including 1,400 in Nassau and Suffolk counties , failed to earn diplomas and graduate after four years of high school . Most of these students either dropped out or remained in school beyond the usual time alloted .
Some educational analysts have voiced reservations on grounds the rule change might encourage schools to revive the use of separate academic “ tracks ” for students seeking Regents and local diplomas . Eliminating such tracks was a prime motivation for an announcement by state officials in 1995 that they intended to hold all students to the same academic “ gold standard ” of passing Regents exams .
Other skeptics objected to the speed with which Regents passed the emergency measure with virtually no advance notice of the details .
“ The Regents should n't make significant policy changes with an 11th hour and 59th minute addition to the agenda , ” said Stephen Sigmund , executive director of High Achievement New York , a non-profit advocacy group supported by many business leaders . “ The last rule change to allow students with disabilities more flexibility towards a local diploma was completed only a year ago . That change should be given more time . ”
ALLEN PARK , Mich. — The Detroit Lions have re-signed defensive tackle Christian Ringo .
Detroit made the move Monday , addressing a need by adding depth on the defensive line . Ringo has five career tackles and has forced one fumble .
They played in six games for the Lions last season .
Ringo was a reserve in eight games in 2016 with Green Bay . The Packers drafted the former Louisiana-Lafayette standout in the sixth round in 2015 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Forecasters have delivered a blow to anyone hoping for a white Christmas this year , predicting the current cold snap will be washed away by rain and rising temperatures .
The festive period still looks uncertain , but highly changeable conditions are widely expected , with fluctuating temperatures and several spells of rain looking likely .
While it 's not exactly time to break out the sunglasses and swimming costumes , the ‘ polar blast ' that covered Cambridgeshire in the heaviest snow in years is highly unlikely to remain .
Despite several forecasts of less-cold , unsettled weather , odds have been slashed on a white Christmas with the bookies also predicting this December could be the coldest on record .
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has cut prices to 1/2 that the country sees a white Christmas , but latest forecasts suggest punters who have splashed cash on snow falling in the UK on December 25 may lose their money .
Some long-range computer models now indicate that widespread showers will soak many parts of Britain during the festive season with a price of 3/1 that December 2017 goes down in history as the wettest-ever recorded .
A spokesperson for The Weather Channel said it was too early to accurately pinpoint if snow would fall on Christmas Day , but the outlook was for temperatures to rise next week and less-cold conditions to dominate in the run-up to the festive season .
Other predictions warn that temperatures will be on the slide again later in the month with a colder flow to cover the UK from December 25 .
A mix of colder and milder conditions will continue for the rest of this week .
The Weather Channel spokesperson added : `` From Tuesday , it will turn wetter and windier as low pressure systems arrive from the north-west , with temperatures near normal by Wednesday .
`` High pressure will then start to ridge in from the south-west on Friday bringing more settled weather , but it will turn colder once again as winds become northerly . ''
There is no shortage of options .
`` We have a very good understanding of the needs of our football team , '' Newsome said . `` What we try to do is to match that with the players . ''
Some things to know about the Ravens ' draft :
TIGHT END NEEDED
The leading receiver on the team last season was tight end Benjamin Watson , who joined the Saints as a free agent .
A replacement is sorely needed , and after failing to secure one through free agency , the Ravens will look to snag one in the draft .
`` There are some pretty good ones out there . And they 're of the athletic variety , pass-catching tight ends that certainly could help impact our offence , '' said Joe Horitz , director of college scouting .
One of Newsome 's best picks was tight end Todd Heap , selected in the first round in 2001 even though the Ravens already had future Hall of Fame star Shannon Sharpe .
TRADE OR NOT ?
Newsome cryptically mentioned the possibility of trading the No . 16 pick , but DeCosta likes the idea of drafting in the middle of the round .
`` We 're in a good spot for a lot of different reasons , '' DeCosta said . `` I think 16 is a good spot to be in this draft . It plays well to our needs and different strategies . ''
VOLCANO BREWING
Coach John Harbaugh has been in the Ravens draft room since 2008 , and when it comes time for Baltimore to make a pick , they just gets out of the way .
`` I 'll tell you , it 's like a volcano , kind of . It 's festering , like , 'Is this thing going to blow ? ' It never quite blows , but there 's so much tension , '' Harbaugh said .
In the end , though , it 's Newsome 's call .
`` Ozzie pulls the trigger and makes a decision , '' Harbaugh said , `` and we all feel good about it . ''
HITS , MISSES AND BARGAINS
Perriman missed the entire 2015 season with a knee injury , caught 33 passes in 2016 and last season had a mere 10 catches for the league 's 29th-ranked passing attack .
Newsome also struck out with safety Matt Elam at No . 32 overall in 2013 . But they recently found two fourth-round gems : Defensive end Brent Urban in 2014 and offensive lineman Alex Lewis in 2016 .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By David Ginsburg , The Associated Press
NEW YORK — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings , beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year as New York topped the Houston Astros 5-3 on Wednesday night .
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2 . Houston defeated New York in the 2017 AL Championship Series , with the home team winning all seven games .
If these budding rivals meet again this year , it will be in October .
Severino ( 8-1 ) allowed four hits , including Max Stassi 's two-run homer , and walked one in winning their sixth consecutive decision . The ace right-hander , who has n't lost since April 10 at Boston , threw a five-hitter with 10 strikeouts for their first career complete game in a 4-0 victory over Keuchel at Houston on May 2 .
David Robertson struck out two in a scoreless eighth and Aroldis Chapman got three outs for their 12th save in 13 chances . Stassi , subbing for injured catcher Brian McCann , hit an RBI double with two outs in the ninth before Chapman fanned George Springer to end it .
After dominating the Yankees for years , Keuchel ( 3-7 ) dropped their third straight start against them — including the playoffs . The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings .
Keuchel entered 6-4 with a 1.82 ERA and two complete games in 10 outings against New York , including three post-season starts .
The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner walked two batters in the first inning , and centre fielder Jake Marisnick made a diving catch on a sacrifice fly by slumping slugger Giancarlo Stanton .
Sanchez rolled a two-run single through an open right side with two outs in the fifth to put the Yankees ahead 3-2 .
Gleyber Torres doubled to start the sixth and scored from third on Didi Gregorius ' single through a drawn-in infield that chased Keuchel . Aaron Hicks looped an RBI double off Collin McHugh later in the inning that got past a diving Marwin Gonzalez in left field .
The National Environment Management Authority -NEMA has insisted that its order to close 15 slaughterhouses at the famous Kiamaiko abattoirs will remain in force until they comply with its directive on waste disposal .
The authority on Monday ordered the closure of the abbatoir for allegedly disposing its waste into the Nairobi river .
Traders at the facility however discounted claims of poor hygienic conditions saying the closure will affect their business .
For Some Hard-To-Find Tumors , Doctors See Promise In Artificial Intelligence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of The Felix Project Courtesy of The Felix Project
Artificial intelligence , which is bringing us everything from self-driving cars to personalized ads on the web , is also invading the world of medicine .
In radiology , this technology is increasingly helping doctors in their jobs . A computer program that assists doctors in diagnosing strokes garnered approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration earlier this year . Another that helps doctors diagnose broken wrists in x-ray images won FDA approval on May 24th .
One particularly intriguing line of research seeks to train computers to diagnose one of the deadliest of all malignancies , pancreatic cancer , when the disease is still readily treatable .
That 's the vision of Dr. Elliot Fishman , a professor of radiology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore . Artificial intelligence and radiology seem like a natural match , since so much of the task of reading images involves pattern recognition . It 's a dream that 's been decades in the making , Fishman says .
`` When I started in radiology , they said , 'Ok do n't worry about reading the chest x-rays because the computers will read them , ' `` Fishman says . `` That was 35 years ago ! ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Computers still ca n't perform the seemingly simple task of reading a chest x-ray , despite sky-high expectations and more than a little hype around the role of artificial intelligence . Fishman is undaunted as they turn this technology on pancreatic cancer .
And that disease is a huge challenge . Only 7 percent of patients given a pancreatic cancer diagnosis are alive five years later . One reason the disease is so deadly is that doctors usually diagnose it when it 's too late to remove the tumors with surgery . Fishman and their team want to change that , by training computers to recognize pancreatic cancer early . Working with Johns Hopkins computer science students and faculty , they are helping develop a tumor-detecting algorithm that could be built into CT scanner software .
Americans get 40 million CT scans of the abdomen every year , for everything from car accidents to back pain . Imagine if a computer program with expert abilities could look for pancreas tumors in all those scans .
`` That 's the ultimate opportunity — to be able to diagnose it before you have any symptoms and at a stage where it 's even maybe too subtle for a radiologist to be able to detect it , '' says Dr. Karen Horton , chair of the Johns Hopkins radiology department and Fishman 's collaborator on the project .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
The challenge lies in teaching a computer to detect what a well-trained doctor knows to look for .
`` Elliot and I are very sub-specialized so we 're really , really good , '' Horton says matter-of-factly . `` We see more pancreatic cancer than probably anyone in the world . ''
They say if the computer algorithm could capture their collective knowledge about how to diagnose pancreatic cancer and give that expertise to the typical doctor , `` you could be , I would argue , better than us , but certainly as good as us — which would mean better than most of the practicing radiologists . ''
Even a program perfectly attuned to finding patterns ca n't reliably recognize cancer if it has n't been trained on reliable starting material .
When it comes to developing AI , `` sometimes people say , 'oh just take a bunch of cases and put them in a computer and the computer will figure out what to do ' , '' Fishman says . `` That 's nonsensical . ''
The Felix Project at Johns Hopkins , as the pancreas effort is called , pours a huge amount of human time , labor and intellect into training computers to recognize the difference between a normal pancreas and one with a tumor .
Of all the internal organs to deal with , `` the pancreas is the hardest , '' Fishman says . `` The kidney looks like a kidney , the liver 's a big thing . '' On the other hand , they say , `` The pancreas is a very soft organ , it sits way in the middle and the shape varies from patient to patient . Just finding the pancreas , even for radiologists , is at times a challenge . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Eva Zinreich , a retired oncologist , is up for that challenge . They are one of a team of medical experts who spend their days pouring over CT scans and teaching the computer how to recognize the pancreas , other organs , and then , tumors within the pancreas .
They sit at a computer workstation , wielding a digital paintbrush .
`` I 'll show you in 3D because that 's the fun stuff , ok ? '' they say as they set about coloring in the aorta and other blood vessels on a scan .
Next , they color the pancreas yellow .
`` You see that shaded area ? '' they ask . `` That 's the tumor , '' and they proceed to color it red .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
It will take them almost four hours just to mark up this single scan . Four medical experts have been working full-time for well over a year on this project . They 've done this painstaking work on scans from about 1,000 healthy people , and their tally of pancreatic cancer images is now approaching 1,000 as well , Fishman says .
They are feeding their annotated scans into the project 's computer program and gradually teaching it to recognize the same signs of a tumor that radiologists now pick out of the scans .
At another workstation in the lab , radiologist Linda Chu is trying to make the computer system even more adept than Elliot Fishman and Karen Horton are at recognizing pancreas cancers . She 's developing ways for the computer to look for patterns in the scan that the human eye ca n't pick out . It 's interpreting textures in the images , rather than shapes and shading .
Chu says she 's making tentative progress . For example , she 's been training the software to identify subtle clues that distinguish between a benign cyst and cancer .
`` We do n't truly understand what the computer is seeing , but clearly the computer is able to see something in the images that us humans can not comprehend at this point , '' Chu says .
But this is also part of the challenge of AI — if the computer highlights something that a human expert ca n't see , and it 's not clear how it arrived at that conclusion , can you trust it ?
`` That 's what makes the research interesting ! '' Chu says .
Computer science students from the Johns Hopkins University main campus are key to developing the software that 's learning how to read and interpret the images that flow from Fishman 's lab .
The Lustgarten Foundation , which is focused on pancreatic cancer , has provided nearly $ 4 million over two years to fund the Felix Project . Horton says if it 's successful , all the information they collected on healthy people can be used as a starting point to study tumors elsewhere in the body .
`` You could have Felix kidney , Felix liver , Felix lung , Felix , heart , '' they say . And they could all go together into the scanner software .
The project is named after the `` Felix Felicis '' good-luck potion , from the Harry Potter books . And , absent an effective magic spell , the laborious process is a reminder that success in bringing artificial intelligence to medicine will not be as simple as dumping piles of data into a computer and trusting that an algorithm will sort it all out .
You can contact Richard Harris at rharris @ npr.org .
Ronaldo did n't dive and Real Madrid could appeal against red card , says Ramos
Sergio Ramos has defended Cristiano Ronaldo after their second yellow card for diving in Real Madrid 's Supercopa de Espana win over Barcelona .
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017 , 04:50 IST
Cristiano Ronaldo reacts after being sent off for Real Madrid against Barcelona
Real Madrid captain Sergio Ramos says it was wrong to send off Cristiano Ronaldo for a dive in their side 's 3-1 Supercopa de Espana first-leg victory over Barcelona .
Ronaldo delivered a remarkable cameo off the bench at Camp Nou , scoring their side 's second goal before being booked for taking off their shirt in celebration and then earning a second yellow card after going to ground under pressure from Samuel Umtiti two minutes later .
The 32-year-old pushed referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back before heading off the pitch , meaning they could earn a longer suspension that would keep them out of Madrid 's opening games of their LaLiga title defence .
Ramos does not believe their team-mate was deliberately trying to con the officials , however , and suggested that they could appeal against the dismissal .
`` He was a long way from me . I think it was a moment of play that unbalanced them and they did n't feign anything , '' Ramos said after the match , as quoted by AS .
`` It could be possible to appeal because it left us without a really important player for 10 minutes . We should think it over a little more . ''
Ramos had earlier been caught up in a confrontation with Luis Suarez after the Barça striker won a penalty for their side by hurdling a challenge from goalkeeper Keylor Navas , who appeared to make very little contact .
`` We 're at high levels of tension in this type of game , '' Ramos explained . `` For me , it was n't a penalty . I do n't think the referee blows for something if they do n't see anything , they would have seen it clearly . For me , there was nothing . ''
Lionel Messi cancelled out Gerard Pique 's own goal from the resulting spot-kick before stunning goals from Ronaldo and Marco Asensio sealed an impressive win for the visitors .
Ramos was delighted with Asensio and midfielder Mateo Kovacic , who earned plenty of praise for their performance in the absence of the suspended Luka Modric .
`` I 'm very happy for Asensio , I congratulate him , they have a natural talent and every time they come on they make a difference , '' Ramos added .
`` Kovacic has a very ugly job that is n't seen , and they do it very well .
`` I 'm very happy with the game . We 're fighting for a trophy and it 's an important step . ''
Congratulations !
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time .
CLEVELAND — Chris Paul had 22 points and 11 assists , Ryan Anderson added 21 points and the Houston Rockets became the latest team to thump Cleveland on national TV , beating the disconnected Cavaliers 120-88 on Saturday night .
James Harden only scored 16 — 15 below their league-leading average — but Houston rolled to its fourth straight win and improved to 11-2 since Jan. 8 .
Meanwhile , the Cavs ' downward spiral accelerated .
Since losing at Golden State on Christmas , LeBron James and their teammates are 0-8 in network broadcasts and have been embarrassed in several matchups against quality teams . They lost by 28 at Minnesota , 34 in Toronto , 24 at home to Oklahoma City and 32 to the Rockets , who toyed with the defending Eastern Conference champs .
James finished with just 11 points and did n't play in the fourth quarter as the Rockets were too far ahead . Isaiah Thomas scored 12 for Cleveland .
PISTONS 111 , HEAT 107
DETROIT ( AP ) — Andre Drummond had 23 points and 20 rebounds , and Blake Griffin made a key 3-pointer in the final minute to lift Detroit over Miami .
Ish Smith added 25 points for the Pistons , including a late 3-pointer of their own . Detroit has won three in a row , the last two with Griffin in the lineup after acquiring them in a trade .
Griffin 's 3-pointer with 44 seconds to play put the Pistons ahead 108-101 , but Goran Dragic responded with a four-point play , making a 3-pointer while being fouled with 32 seconds left . Detroit ran the clock down on the next possession , and Smith sank their only 3-point attempt of the game , from the right corner with 14 seconds to play .
Dragic scored 33 points for the Heat , who have lost three in a row . Miami was without centre Hassan Whiteside , who was out with an illness .
A 40-YEAR-OLD man maintained their innocence in charges that they abducted and raped a four-month-old baby in Barangay Perrelos , Carcar City last February 9 .
Jonathan “ Jojo ” Marfe pleaded not guilty to criminal cases of kidnapping and serious illegal detention and statutory rape before Judge Ester Veloso of the Regional Trial Court Branch 6 . Both cases are non-bailable .
The Office of the Carcar City Prosecutor indicted Marfe for statutory rape and kidnapping and serious illegal detention .
“ After perusing all the evidence presented by the complainant , the undersigned finds sufficient basis to establish probable cause that the crimes were committed and that the respondent is probably guilty thereof , ” Prosecutor Anabelle Robles said in the inquest resolution .
Marfe denied the allegations , saying they went home to join their live-in partner when the incident occurred .
But Robles said that physical evidence exist pointing to Marfe as the perpetrator of the crime .
“ His actuation on that morning of Feb. 9 , 2017 were testified to by witnesses , and the investigation of the police officers can not be doubted , ” they said .
Seminary Votes To Fire Paige Patterson After Ousting Him As President
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Bazemore/AP John Bazemore/AP
The board of the Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary has voted to fire its longtime president , Paige Patterson , who was ousted from the top post last week amid controversy over past counsel they had given women concerning marital abuse and rape .
The Fort Worth-based seminary 's board voted a week ago to replace Patterson as president , appointing them instead `` president emeritus with compensation . ''
In a statement on Wednesday , however , the board said it had received `` new information '' regarding the handling of an allegation of sexual abuse against a student during Patterson 's previous tenure as president of the Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary in Wake Forest , N.C .
`` Deeming the information demanded immediate action and could not be deferred to a regular meeting of the Board , based on the details presented , the Executive Committee unanimously resolved to terminate Dr. Paige Patterson , effective immediately , removing all the benefits , rights and privileges provided by the May 22-23 board meeting , including the title of President Emeritus , the invitation to reside at the Baptist Heritage Center as theologian-in-residence and ongoing compensation , '' the statement said .
`` Further , the Seminary stands against all forms of abuse and grieves for individuals wounded by abuse . Today , [ interim President ] Dr. [ Jeffrey ] Bingham made it clear that SWBTS denounces all abusive behavior , any behavior that enables abuse , any failure to protect the abused and any failure to safeguard those who are vulnerable to abuse , '' the statement said .
Bingham also called on the seminary 's community `` to join the Body of Christ in praying for healing for all individuals affected by abuse , '' it said .
As we reported last week :
Arsenal transfer news : Uruguayan midfielder linked , an enquiry made for star striker and more - May 20 , 2018
Is it time to see the mercurial and eccentric Mario Balotelli back in the Premier League ?
Sumedh Pande FEATURED WRITER News 30 May 2018 , 20:22 IST 2.63K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Lucas Torreira is on Arsenal 's radar
With Unai Emery now being named as the new Arsenal boss , the hunt for Arsene Wenger 's successor has finally come to an end . But the remaining transfer period will be crucial for the Gunners as the new manager will have a lot of decisions to make regarding the ins and outs at the club .
Arsenal have been linked with numerous players day in day out for the past few weeks . Some rumours raise eyebrows , some seem realistic while some are there just for the sake of it . In this segment , we will take a look at all the major advancements that happen in the transfer world concerning Arsenal .
So without further ado , let 's take a look at the transfer reports featuring Arsenal that made headlines on May 30 .
Arsenal monitoring Lucas Torreira
The Mirror has linked Arsenal with Sampdoria 's Lucas Torreira . The midfielder was one of the most influential midfielders in Serie A this season and it was their good form that got them a place in Uruguay 's World Cup squad .
Arsenal will now look to scout them during the World Cup and may make a move for them in a month or so . Torreira has a release clause of €25 million and has been previously monitored by Juventus and Napoli . Everton are also said to be interested in the 22 year old .
Unai Emery set to drop two club legends from their backroom staff
Steve Bould is set to be axed by Unai Emery
According to the Sun , Unai Emery has asked for a backroom staff completely as per their demands which may see the end of Steve Bould as Arsenal 's assistant manager . Bould has been a long-term associate of Wenger and shared a close bond with the players .
But Emery has asked the Arsenal board to reunite them with their backroom staff that assisted them at PSG and at Sevilla . Juan Carlos Carcedo and Pablo Villa are expected to replace Steve Bould and Boro Primorac .
Arsenal also wanted to include Jens Lehmann in Emery 's staff in some capacity , preferably as the goalkeeping coach . But the Spaniard has reportedly decided to rope in Javi Garcia from PSG .
Arsenal interested in Mario Balotelli
Balotelli on Arsenal 's radar
The Gunners are reportedly one of the sides keen on landing Mario Balotelli this summer . Gazzetta Dello Sport ( via Metro ) have claimed that Arsenal has made an enquiry over the services of the mercurial striker .
Balotelli scored 43 goals in two seasons for Nice but is now looking for a new challenge . Apart from Arsenal , Borussia Dortmund and Marseille are the other clubs interested in him . Nice value Balotelli at around €9 million .
Arsenal scout Bassem Srarfi
Srarfi was yesterday scouted by Arsenal and Leicester City
Nice and Tunisian winger - Bassem Srarfi was reportedly scouted by Arsenal and Leicester City last night . Foot Mercato has reported that Arsenal had sent one of their scouts to watch Srarfi live in action during Tunisia 's 2-2 draw against Portugal .
The 20 year old plays as a right winger and scored 3 goals in 35 appearances for Nice . They are also on Claude Puel 's radar as the Foxes have made Srarfi a potential candidate to replace Manchester City-bound Riyad Mahrez .
Could power couple Alex Rodriguez and Jennifer Lopez possibly be more fabulous ?
The pair cozied up in a booth in L.A. on Wednesday , when the pop star was raising a glass to their spring 2018 Guess campaign . It 's super-extra , and if you 've yet to check it out , what are you waiting for ? They turned to a sexy pastel blue dress that fit like a glove , while Rodriguez , as always , kept it dapper , this time in a deep navy velvet suit . Paris Hilton , who made headlines this week as Kim Kardashian 's doppelgänger , was on hand to support J.Lo too .
In New York , supermodel Brooke Shields headed to the Beekman not to grab one of their perfectly crafted cocktails , but instead to invite guests to take a look at their new QVC collection , Timeless . They wanted to create clothing for women everywhere , and we bet they 'll sell out faster than you can guess what they do in their Calvins .
VIDEO : 2018 Grammys Red Carpet Arrivals
Not to be forgotten ? A string of Grammys after-parties that found Dua Lipa , Sam Smith , and Mark Ronson celebrating all things music after Sunday night 's show .
Scroll down to see the best parties of the week .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The inevitable robot uprising wo n't cause mass unemployment across the UK , according to Tom Watson .
Labour 's deputy leader is set to mark the final report of the Future of Work Commission today with a speech urging us all to `` embrace an android '' .
They will claim that sensible government investment in automation will actually reverse the UK 's economic decline and create as many new jobs as it destroys .
“ It can sometimes feel like we are preparing for a world in which artificial intelligence , algorithms and automation , rather than human endeavour and hard work , will shape every aspect of our society and our economy , '' they are expected to say .
`` That sounds like a frightening prospect . But it needs n't be . ”
( Image : Getty )
Watson has been a co-chair of the commission , which has brought together professors from Oxford and Harvard as well as Nobel prize-winning economist Sir Christopher Pissarides . It has concluded that Britain 's falling productivity , inequality and low wages are down to bad government decisions rather than robots and artificial intelligence .
`` Mass technological unemployment is highly unlikely , '' the report concludes .
In fact , one of the recommendations from the commission will be to make artificial intelligence part of the national secondary school curriculum to help close the gap between low-skilled labour and high-skilled jobs .
It will also suggest that robots will handle the routine and the heavy lifting so that humans can focus on generating economic benefits .
( Image : Getty )
“ That is liberating . So I suppose what I 'm really saying is : robots can set us free . A former prime minister once famously said ‘ hug a hoodie ' . Today , I 'm asking you to embrace an android , ” Watson will say .
Helen Mountfield QC , who co-chaired the commission , said : “ Advances in robotics and artificial intelligence do n't need to spell the end of work . But we can not sit passively by letting technological change just happen .
“ We need to decide what sort of future we want and make policy choices , design education and introduce a legal architecture to shape a future of good work which benefits everyone , in which the rewards of innovation are fairly shared . ”
It has previously been predicted that has many as 600,000 British builders ' jobs could be taken over by automation in the next 20 years .
There are currently around 2.2 million positions in the industry in the UK but as many as a third could be automated by 2040 in what has been called the `` fourth industrial revolution '' .
( Image : Internet Unknown )
One of the hardest hit jobs will be bricklaying , where numbers are predicted to fall from 73,000 to just 4,300 , said a report by engineering giant Mace in October .
By 2040 there will be just 15,500 carpenters and interior fitters , down from 260,000 now , and the number of labourers will slump from 127,000 to 7,500 .
There may be just 6,500 painters and decorators in 20 years , compared with 110,000 now , the study said .
While machines may take away traditional jobs , they will also increase safety and speed up construction projects , researchers said .
The report added that the change will create new roles , such as computer programmers , and the building sector needed to adapt to these major changes or face a crisis .
Rana , Bamhane earn quota spots for Youth Olympics
Bangkok , Jul 4 ( PTI ) Javelin thrower Kunwer Ajairaj Singh Rana and middle distance runner Tai Bamhane today secured quota places for the 2018 Youth Olympic Games , to be held in Buenos Aires in October .
Rana was the star of the show for India on the opening day of the Asian Area qualification leg of the 2018 Youth Olympic Games .
The 18-year-old managed to win the gold medal and qualify for the Games after throwing the spear to a distance of 76.13 metres .
The throw was nearly four metres further than that managed by second placed Kentaro Nakamura of Japan , who threw 72.04m .
Rana was not the favourite before the competition as their personal best until then was 68.94m , which they had managed at the Junior Federation Cup in April this year .
However , they surprised everyone at the Thai Japan Bangkok Youth Center with the throw of the competition . Vikas Yadav claimed the bronze medal with a throw of 68.65m .
Yadav though missed out on a Youth Olympic quota with only the top two athletes winning places for the Games .
Earning the other quota along with medals was Bamhane .
With the top three athletes of the race earning qualification for the Buenos Aires Games , the 15-year-old from Maharashtra claimed a silver medal in the women 's 1500m race in 4:25.66 seconds .
They finished behind Yuki Kanemitsu of Japan , who clocked 4:24.21 seconds , while Guiping Zhang of China was a distant third with a time of 4:30.45 seconds .
Bamhane 's time was the fastest of their career , bettering the 4:36.61 seconds they had clocked at the Junior Federation Cup in April this year .
Narrowly missing out on a quota place for Argentina was hurdler Aparna Roy , who fell short despite managing to set a new personal best with a time of 13.98 seconds to claim a bronze medal in the 100m hurdles , which was not enough in the end
Two State Officials In Michigan Face Charges Over Flint Water Crisis
The director of Michigan 's Department of Health and Human Services was charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter in connection with the Flint water crisis . The chief medical officer has been charged with obstruction of justice .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Britain 's biggest grocer Tesco has cut the price of women 's pink razors to bring them in line with male versions .
Following pressure from campaigners over an unfair “ pink tax ” , the supermarket giant has slashed the cost of a pack of five blades for women by half to 50p .
It means women pay the same as men to defuzz as Tesco 's own label , pink twin bladed disposables match the men 's blue ones penny for penny , for the first time .
Tesco was charging £1 for a pack of five women 's twin-blade razors , twice the price of the men 's equivalent .
The significant move - likely to be followed by rival chains - follows calls from Labour backbencher Paula Sherriff to axe the unfair premium on items cynically aimed at a female market - even though there is a cheaper men 's version in a different colour .
Tesco revealed it had bowed to “ concerns about the difference in price ” between its pink and blue razors with both now costing 10p each .
In a letter to Dewsbury MP Ms Sherriff , commercial director Kari Daniels said the change of heart came after an internal review and talks with suppliers .
( Photo : REX/Shutterstock )
It stated : “ We have aligned the prices of these products so that the male and female razors are the same price per unit . We have done this by reducing the cost of women 's razors and keeping the cost of the men 's razors the same . ”
But Ms Daniels stressed the price gap was down to demand with more blue razors than pink ones churned out , rather than gender bias .
Them letter said : “ Male razors are produced and sold in significantly higher volumes , which reduces the price we pay for them . ”
Welcoming Tesco 's equal prices for disposable razors , Ms Sherriff urged rivals to follow and said : “ I hope other companies will identify and correct similar disparities . ”
They told the Guardian : “ The Government has refused to act on gender pricing , so we 've had to take a lead . ”
The high profile price equality campaigner led the call for the EU to scrap the tampon tax and urged WH Smith to Today a Tesco spokesperson said : “ We are guided by doing what is right for our customers and by our commitment to offering clear , competitive and transparent pricing .
“ So we have reduced the cost of our women 's twin blade razors , so that they are the same price per unit as the male equivalent . ”
Asda charges £1.50 for a pack of ten pastel coloured or dark blue twin bladed , disposable razors .
But women pay £1 more for a pack of three five bladed ones in pink - £4.50 - compared with £3.50 for three men 's five bladed razors in black .
Mumbai : Contrary to reports that Yami Gautam might lose their latest project 'Batti Gul Meter Chalu ' because of their tussle with T-series , the actor says that they are very excited to be part of the film .
`` 'Batti Gul Meter Chalu ' is the next . I am very excited to be on board . I am playing a lawyer . I 'm also excited to collaborate with Prernaa Arora ( of KriArj Entertainment ) , Shahid ( Kapoor ) , Shraddha Kapoor .
`` We are very excited as a team . The efforts are going to be the highest , '' Yami told IANS on the sidelines of Lakme Fashion ( LFW ) Week Summer/Resort 2018 .
In an effort to promote sustainable fashion in India , the Woolmark Company and couturier Manish Malhotra unveiled a capsule collection using natural fibre Merino Wool titled 'Inaya ' at Lakme Fashion Week ( LFW ) Summer/Resort 2018 .
Yami , who was draped in a merino wool-made sari designed by Malhotra , said that they `` never felt so light in a six yard wonder '' .
`` Let me start by talking about Manish Malhotra . They are the warmest person you will ever meet in the industry and they come with such a great humility .
`` His collection is my all-time favourite . This sari is actually very comfortable . It is made up of National fibre which is trans seasonal . I love it , '' said Yami .
The 'Inaya ' collection is Malhotra 's first Merino wool line which presents this fibre in a way like never before .
The newly unveiled signature collection will be available to the designer 's high-end clientele at Manish Malhotra stores in India , Dubai , Europe and Britain .
Capturing the essence of the ongoing sustainable fashion dialogue , 'Inaya ' presents wool sarees for women and bandhgalas and sherwanis for men , throwing the spotlight on Merino wool as a natural , biodegradable and renewable fibre .
Two local high schools , Crestwood and Holy Cross , brought home gold medals won by their traditional and unified floor hockey teams Wednesday during the 2018 Special Olympics Ontario School Championships ( SOOSC )
The final score for Crestwood vs. Sir Guy Carleton was 5-4 , with Crestwood winning by one . Holy Cross also won by one with the final score 6-5 .
At Fleming Colleg , e both traditional and unified soccer teams played their championship games .
For each of the team sports there are two divisions , unified and traditional .
The teams in the unified division have a range of athletes , with and without intellectual disabilities . The teams in the traditional division include only athletes with intellectual disabilities .
On fields one to three the traditional teams played and the unified teams played on fields four to six .
Each field had its own pool of teams and from each pool a bronze , a silver and a gold medal were handed out .
`` The pace is different . Games like this , the kids are still learning and playing . They are having fun but also learning so there is a lot of teaching in comparison to a soccer game in leagues other than Special Olympics , '' explained Liam Williston , a referee of the traditional games played on field three .
The first match on field one , Drewry Secondary School vs. East Northumberland Secondary School , a high school from Brighton played a dominating game , winning 8-1 .
Drewry continued to dominate pool play later in the morning with a 7-0 win over Beamsville District Secondary School and a 4-0 win over E.S.C Nouvelle-Alliance .
Energy regulators in Washington have acknowledged that corporate tax cuts should be passed on to local utility customers , backing a coalition of state ratepayer advocates led by Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey .
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission said Friday it would address revenue requirements for electric transmission , natural gas and oil pipelines under its purview , considering that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 cut the corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 percent .
The FERC issued show-cause orders to 48 transmission companies nationwide , signaled it would find which natural gas pipelines may be collecting `` unjust and reasonable rates '' and said oil pipeline costs will be addressed during an upcoming review , according to a March 15 notice .
On Jan. 9 , Healey and attorneys from 17 states wrote to the federal commission seeking a review of utility costs , considering the tax cuts .
`` Unless the commission adjusts the public utilities ' revenue requirements to reflect this federal corporate income tax reduction , utility customers nationwide will be overpaying for their electric and gas service by hundreds of millions of dollars , '' the letter stated .
Healey 's office first addressed the ratepayer issue Dec. 20 by petitioning the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities to cut revenue requirements for Eversource electric utilities to reflect the new tax landscape .
On Jan. 4 , Eversource said it would voluntarily lower its rates for NStar Electric customers by $ 35 million , and reduce a recently approved $ 25 million rate hike for Western Massachusetts Electric Company customers to $ 16 million .
Eversource subsequently filed a rate schedule with the state DPU showing that its revenue target for 2018 would be $ 873,554,424 instead of $ 946,517,410 . The $ 73 million change reflects not just the tax adjustment , but other factors relevant to new rates that went into effect Feb. 1 .
FERC on Friday noted that most electric transmission companies have rates that adjust automatically with taxes , but said it would engage with those whose tariffs specifically reference the 35 percent tax rate .
President Donald Trump has contributed to the increased crassness of public discourse , Massachusetts Gov . Charlie Baker said Wednesday .
Baker was appearing on WGBH 's `` Boston Public Radio '' show as Trump took to Twitter to attack their own attorney general , Jeff Sessions , and the New York Times , as well as ABC after the network cancelled Roseanne Barr 's rebooted show over their racist Twitter post .
WGBH 's Jim Braude , who co-hosts the radio show with Margery Eagan , alluded to Barr 's racist remark about Valerie Jarrett , a former senior adviser to President Barack Obama .
`` Many , I think including the both of us , think this is one of the trickle-down effects of Donald Trump as president , '' Braude said . `` It 's crasser . People feel more comfortable saying things like this that they wouldn't 've said prior to January of last year . Do you agree with that ? ''
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that `` ABC does not tolerate comments like those '' made by Roseanne Barr . Gee , they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . Maybe I just did n't get the call ? -- Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
`` Yeah , I think there 's probably truth to that , '' said Baker , a Republican who blanked the presidential ballot in 2016 when Trump was up against Hillary Clinton .
Baker then pointed to HBO 's documentary , on US Sen. John McCain , a Arizona Republican who is fighting brain cancer .
The governor urged the co-hosts to watch the documentary , titled `` For Whom the Bell Tolls . '' The documentary includes McCain discussing their time as a prisoner of war in Vietnam .
`` But the first comment that then-candidate Donald Trump made about John McCain was , 'He 's not a hero , I do n't think heroes are people who get captured , ' '' Baker said , referring to Trump 's comment during the presidential campaign .
`` It kinda went downhill from there , '' Baker added . `` So yeah , I do think that 's affected the quality of public discourse . ''
Massachusetts Gov . Charlie Baker defends decision to skip fundraiser with VP Mike Pence
Petty Officer Third Class Julio Vasallogonzalez from Miami receives a certificate of advancement from Capt . Mark Melson , commanding officer of the amphibious assault ship USS Makin Island ( LHD 8 ) during a promotion ceremony on the ship 's mess decks . Makin Island is deployed with the Makin Island Amphibious Ready Group to support maritime security operations and theater security cooperation efforts in the U.S. Fifth Fleet area of operations .
( U.S. Navy photo by Petty Officer Third Class Clark Lane )
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
After last week 's incredible battle sequence , this week 's Game of Thrones had to shift down a gear .
And this week 's episode , while lacking in set piece action sequences , does include a few cool moments , and also the return of some old friends .
Do n't read on if you have n't seen Season 7 , Episode 5 . Spoilers ahead and all that .
( Image : HBO )
So we open on the aftermath of last week 's Battle of the Loot Train ( which is apparently what we 're calling it , even though that 's a lame name ) .
Daenerys is offering terms of surrender to the defeated Lannister army , and gives them a simple choice to join them and their massive dragon , or die . Two of those captured - the commander Randyll Tarley and their son Dickon refuse to bend the knee and Dany has them burnt by Drogon for their troubles . Pretty soon everyone else steps in line .
It 's an interesting development for Dany , and we 're finally getting to see some good character development for actor Emilia Clarke to play with . How far has Dany gone ? Was this a just action - they were a defeated army and they owed their fealty - or is they starting to slip into the madness of their father , burning their enemies alive .
We also have the incredible Peter Dinklage on hand as Tyrion to show just how torn they are with this development . They are supposed to be Hand of the Queen , and you can see their fear that they are getting out of control . Indeed , later Varys tells them that they have to find a way to make them listen to reason . Everyone is a bit scared , and it adds a proper sense of unease about their character . For too long Dany has just been the hero of the show that everyone assumes will end up in charge at the end . Now we finally have to ask if that 's a good thing or not .
We also get a look at Jaime and Bronn , who have managed to swim up-river and escape the dragon and the Dothraki . Jaime looks genuinely terrified of the dragons ( as you would be ) . Qyburn 's giant crossbow o doom did n't kill Drogon , and he 's aware they have two more dragons ready to unleash . It almost looks like Jaime is having doubts about whether they and Cersei will come out of this alive .
When they get back to Kings Landing they have a sneaky meet-up with exiled brother Tyrion , where they get told all about the Night King and the army of the dead . Whether they believe it or not , they take the news to Cersei - who apparently already knew of the meeting . Spies everywhere , that woman .
( Image : HBO )
After suggesting that they may indeed be able to come to terms with the Dragon Queen - if only for their own evil ends - Cersei drops the bigger bombshell : apparently she 's pregnant with Jaime 's child .
Now , shocker as this may be , we all know Cersei is n't above manipulation by any means necessary . Perhaps this is just another way to get Jaime back on side . He 'd have done anything for their children , but with them all dead they were starting to question their sister 's decisions . Now with the promise of another kiddie on the way - and one that she 'll officially say is theirs - perhaps she 'll be able to keep them on-side . They also end the scene with the somewhat chilling “ Never betray me again ” . He 's certainly going to be on a short leash from now on .
While all this is going on , Davos has also sneaked in to Kings Landing to recruit the help of Gendry - Arya 's pal last seen 34 episodes ago ( we 've been counting ) rowing away from Stannis ' clutches on Dragonstone . There 's a nice reference to the fan theory that he 's been rowing all this time , but it seems that he 's now back blacksmithing . He 's also inexplicably become talented at fighting with a warhammer .
( Image : HBO )
( Image : HBO )
While it 's nice to have an old character like Gendry back again , it does seem a little forced . They immediately decide to go with Davos ( and then later decides to go to fight the army of the dead ) with very little apparent motivation . He 's willing to go and risk their lives for… revenge over the death of a father they never knew ? He 's also suddenly very attached to the idea that he 's the son of Robert Baratheon , despite having never met the guy . They say : “ I 've been getting ready , I never knew what for , but I 've always known I 'll know it when it comes ” . Frankly , this smacks of ‘ we could n't think of a more logical way of suddenly having them be a competent and willing fighter ' .
Back on Dragonstone , Jon has another touching moment with Dany - this time they get to pet a dragon , and apparently it likes him . Knowing that the guy they fancy also likes their pets , Dany seems a bit smitten , and even looks a bit upset when they leaf Dragonstone to go and finally address that massive army of the dead that 's marching ( really slowly ) on the Wall .
Sidenote - as they leaf they tell Dany : “ I wish you good fortune in the wars to come ” . We 've heard this said by three people so far - Mance ( who died soon after ) , Arthur Dayne ( who died soon after ) and Benjen Stark ( who was already dead , and reanimated as a good-zombie ) . Just saying - do n't jinx yourself Jon .
( Image : HBO )
Speaking of Jon , we learn that they might have a legitimate claim to the throne . Over at the Citadel , Sam and Gilly are back reading the books , when we find out that Rhaegar ( who everyone reckons is Jon 's secret real dad ) got their marriage annulled and they were “ married to someone else at the same time in a secret ceremony in Dorne ” . Dorne was where Eddard found their sister Lyanna dying in childbirth . If Rhaegar did marry Lyanna , and Jon is their child , then they are n't a bastard at all and would be Jon Targaryen - legitimate heir to the Iron Throne ( a better claim than their Auntie Daenerys - although they do have dragons on their side at the moment ) .
How far this information will spread remains to be seen , but Sam finally gives up on their life as a librarian , steals a load of secret books and leaves Old Town . Hopefully this will make their storyline going forward less tedious and dull .
Meanwhile in Winterfell , Arya is growing suspicious of their sister after walking in on the lords of the North plotting to make them the ruler instead of Jon . After a bit of a confrontation between the two , Arya starts following Littlefinger around .
Now obviously , after the last few years , Arya reckons their ninja training makes them super stealthy and talented at this spying lark . Little do they know that Baelish is leading them directly to what they want them to find - the letter Sansa sent to Robb alllllll the way back in season one .
( Image : HBO . )
For those of you that do n't know the wording of the letter ( it was up and gone pretty quick ) the most important bit is :
Father has been charged with treason . They conspired with Robert 's brother Stannis against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal their throne . The Lannisters are treating me well , and providing me with every comfort . I beg you to come to King 's Landing and swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any troubles between the great houses of Stark and Lannister .
Now Robb knew that their sister had been forced into writing that letter , but unfortunately them and everyone else that saw it is long dead ( except maybe psychic-Bran , and he 's busy being antisocial ) . So all they have to go on is their increasing suspicion of their sister - troubling times ahead for House Stark , then .
It 's nice to see Littlefinger spinning themselves out of trouble again . The last few weeks have had them on the back foot , and it 's good to see them back to their Moriarty-level evil genius best .
( Image : HBO )
The end of the episode sees the assembling of the greatest team up of fan-favourite characters since the first Avengers film , as Jon , the Hound , Gendry , Jorah , Thoros of Myr , Beric Dondarrion and Tormund Giantsbane all set out to go catch themselves an undead warrior from north of the Wall to take back and show everyone down south . It was lucky that the Hound , Beric and Thoros just happened to be in a cell at Eastwatch , at the same time that Tormund happened to be in charge there , and Jon just happened to be stopping by looking for help , but who am I to argue with that when there 's a great team up on the cards .
Now , pretty much every zombie movie ever made would tell you it 's stupid to bring a zombie into a population centre - especially when they do n't believe in the threat - but I guess without Twitter or YouTube it 's pretty hard to convince people in Kings Landing of the threat . And it sure makes the next episode look interesting ! Bets on now who is going to die and/or get turned into a zombie . I 'm tipping Thoros , Beric or Gendry . Bringing back vaguely known characters from the past never ends well for them .
QUOTE OF THE WEEK : “ I thought you 'd still be rowing ” - Davos to Gendry
DEATH OF THE WEEK : It 's basically a tie , between Gendry hammer-smashing those two goldcloaks , and Drogon toasting Sam 's dad and brother . The dragon burning may just nudge it because , well , dragon .
GENDRY WATCH : No longer rowing ! Only took them 34 episodes .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The dacha is in an idyllic rural ­setting , nestling serenely amid a pine forest 60 miles from Moscow .
But one thing sets an ominous tone – its 10ft security fence . Inside lives a man who knows exactly who they want to speak to , and who they do n't .
For this is the retreat of the traitor responsible for the deaths of more than 40 of MI6 's finest – Britain 's most ­notorious double agent George Blake .
Recently they have had a lot to say about why they hate the West .
However , when we tracked them down , the man branded a “ traitor ” in our 1961 front page , was less keen to speak .
Now 95 , many might have assumed they died years ago . But the spy who betrayed so many is not only still alive , he 's issuing a new call to arms against the West .
( Image : Polaris / eyevine )
Just two months ago , in an extra­ordinary outburst to young recruits working for Russia 's Foreign Intelligence Service , they said : “ There is a real war going on between good and evil .
“ I believe you will serve our common cause selflessly and courageously . ”
Railing against an unnamed foe , be­­­lieved to be the West or the US , they added that intelligence officers were battling a “ devious enemy , the possibility of whose final defeat gives me energy to live ” .
They went on : “ Your mission will be a difficult one – to save the planet when its destruction in nuclear war has again become a possibility due to irresponsible politicians and where ter­­rorism leaves its bloody traces everywhere . ”
Their words , released in a statement , show none of their hatred has abated .
We found their retreat is down a dirt track an hour-and-a-half 's drive from the Russian capital . They live with second wife Ida in the fenced property , surrounded by tall fir trees , as a guest of the Russian authorities .
It 's a quiet , exclusive neighbourhood and Blake is never disturbed .
With fellow Mirrorman Ian Vogler , I pressed the intercom . No reply . Several more tries were no more effective . Not a curtain twitched , not a sound from the other side of the fence .
( Image : DAILY MIRROR )
The old traitor was there for sure . But today they were answering no questions .
Meanwhile , local residents had no idea the most famous living spy was in their midst . Vitally Natko said : “ George Blake lives here ? Wow ! I did n't know . They are still a big name in Russia . I saw the statement they released recently but I had no idea they were a neighbour . ”
It was in this now-infamous statement to young Russian spies that Blake recalled the precise moment they decided to become a double agent .
They said that after seeing civilians killed by “ the US military machine ” during the Korean War they became committed to work for the Soviets .
( Image : DAILY MIRROR )
They added : “ I realised back then that such conflicts are deadly dangerous for the entire humankind and made the most important decision in my life to help protect peace in the world . ”
That was the turning point that made Blake 's story one of the most shocking in British military history .
Born in Holland in 1922 , their mother was Dutch and their Egyptian father Albert Behar was a British subject .
Schooled in Cairo , they were back in Rotterdam when the Second World War broke out .
They joined the resistance as a courier and arrived in London in 1943 .
Changing their name to Blake , they joined the Navy and with their language skills was soon recruited by MI6 . After the war they were posted to South Korea to gather intelligence on the North .
When the war broke out in 1950 the Communists stormed Seoul , where Blake was stationed . Over the next three years as a PoW they read Karl Marx and decided to make it their life 's work to help their captors .
With their treachery yet unknown , they were afforded a hero 's welcome when they returned to Britain in 1953 and soon rose to become one of MI6 's most senior and respected men .
But in 1955 they got their big chance . They were sent to Berlin to recruit Russian agents . And once a month they would visit the city 's Soviet-controlled sector to hand over our most-prized secrets . In 1961 MI6 became suspicious and ordered them home . Blake freely admitted their activities and in May that year the Old Bailey heard how they had given the KGB details of hundreds of Western secret agents .
More than 40 are believed to have been killed . They were sentenced to 42 years – at the time the most severe sen­­tence in UK history .
But this was just the start of Blake 's story ...
( Image : Getty )
In Wormwood Scrubs , with CND campaigners Michael Randle and Pat Pottle , and petty criminal Sean Bourke , they planned one of the most audacious escapes ever . On October 22 , 1966 , after the trio 's release , Blake clambered through a broken win­­­­dow and scaled the wall with a rope ladder made of knitting needles .
Blake was then smuggled across the Channel in a cam­­­­­­per van .
Back behind the Iron Curtain they became a hero and enjoyed ­barbecues and Martinis at their dacha with fellow traitors Kim Philby and Donald Maclean .
They are now dead . So are fellow spies Anthony Blunt and Guy Burgess . But Blake still works for the “ service ” . In their last interview , in 2012 , they said they had acclimatised well to the country , “ like a “ for­­eign car that adapted well to Russian roads ” .
( Image : PA )
They are still a national hero . In 2007 Vladmir Putin awarded them the Order of Friendship and they hold the rank of lieutenant colonel in the former KGB .
Secret police chief Sergei Naryshkin even praised them for “ pro­­tecting the ideals of humanism and justice ” .
But Blake also seems extremely keen on protecting their own privacy and hiding away from the world .
They famously said they never felt British , adding : “ To betray , you first have to belong . I never belonged . ”
They have always said they have no reg­­rets . And to this day , old and sick and with fading eyesight , they still have none .
U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May , according to a survey , a solid total but below the average monthly gains accumulated over the winter .
Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that hiring was strong in construction , education and health care , and professional and business services , which includes accounting , engineering and legal services . Retailers cut jobs .
The figures suggest companies continue to hire at a healthy pace but may be pulling back as the number of people who ca n't find jobs dwindles , making it harder to find new employees . From November through March , monthly job gains averaged well over 200,000 .
The report arrives two days before the government releases the official monthly employment figures . Economists forecast that Friday 's jobs report will show employers added 190,000 jobs , according to a survey by data provider FactSet .
ADP compiles hiring data from millions of companies that are clients of its payroll services . Its figures frequently diverge from the government 's report . For example , last month ADP said 204,000 jobs were added in April , but the Labor Department 's report said the total was 164,000 .
On Wednesday , ADP revised April 's figure significantly lower , to 163,000 , very close to the government 's estimate .
Companies of all sizes hired more last month , ADP said . Large businesses with 500 and more employees added 56,000 jobs , while medium-sized companies gained 84,000 and small companies , 38,000 .
The solid increase in hiring by large firms , which typically do business globally , suggests that the ongoing trade disputes between the United States and China , Mexico and Canada have yet to impact hiring .
© The Associated Press . All rights reserved .
Was Belgian suspect planning new London outrage ?
14/6/17 - A 20-year-old Macedonian man formerly staying in a psychiatric hospital has now been identified as a terrorist suspect and has been put in jail . Police discovered he 'd been searching how to make a bomb on the internet . The Macedonian had also booked a trip to London .
VRT ? ? ? media.video.type.mz_vod ? ? ?
Was Belgian suspect planning new London outrage ?
14/6/17 - A 20-year-old Macedonian man formerly staying in a psychiatric hospital has now been identified as a terrorist suspect and has been put in jail . Police discovered he 'd been searching how to make a bomb on the internet . The Macedonian had also booked a trip to London .
Steven Ferdman/Getty Images
Angela Rye was among the CNN commentators portrayed by adorable children in a video celebrating Black History Month .
By Najja Parker , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
Black History Month is officially underway , and one organization created an adorable news parody starring mini reporters to kick off the celebration .
> > Read more trending news
Because Of Them We Can , a group dedicated to sharing the richness of black history through photography campaigns and apparel , uploaded a video titled “ Breaking News : Black Excellence Is At An All-Time High ” to the group 's social media pages Thursday .
The clip features children playing renowned CNN journalists and correspondents , including Don Lemon , Angela Rye , Symone Sanders , April Ryan and Bakari Sellers .
During the segment , the fun-sized influencers raved about inspirational black figures from Serena Williams and Ava DuVernay to Shea Moisture founder Richelieu Dennis and fashion trailblazer Dapper Dan .
“ Black excellence is at an all-time high , ” the child playing Lemon said .
They also highlighted the successes of black cinema , including “ Black Panther , ” out Feb. 16 , “ A Wrinkle In Time , ” out in March ; “ Hidden Figures ; ” “ Girls Trip ; ” and “ Get Out . ”
To end the skit , the children declared that “ black folks have always been dope and always will be dope . ”
Sellers , Rye , Lemon and others reacted to the video on Twitter .
There was a time when you would n't have seen anyone that looks like us on tv , but because of some trailblazing folks that came waaay before us .... today , we can . ❤️✊🏾 # BlackHistoryMonth https : //t.co/4V0jzpltea — Symone D. Sanders ( @ SymoneDSanders ) February 1 , 2018
Thank you for making this wonderful Black History Month moment and including my younger self . Amazing ! Thank you ! https : //t.co/pBvbpndeKh — AprilDRyan ( @ AprilDRyan ) February 2 , 2018
The post has since gone viral , garnering hundreds of thousands of likes and views after being reposted across Instagram .
﻿Related video : Meet Some Amazing African American Inventors
The ED has also attached properties of related firms including Diamond Power Transformer Ltd , Diamond Projects Ltd , Mayfair Leisures and Northway Spaces .
Ahmedabad : The Enforcement Directorate ( ED ) on Tuesday said it has attached immovable property worth Rs1,122 crore belonging to Vadodara-based Diamond Power Infrastructure Pvt . Ltd over an alleged bank fraud .
In a statement , the ED said it has also attached some belongings of founder Suresh Bhatnagar , and their sons—Amit Bhatnagar , the managing director and Sumit Bhatnagar , the joint managing director—under Prevention of Money Laundering Act ( PMLA ) .
The action follows a first information report filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) against Diamond Power and its promoters for cheating banks and financial institutions of Rs2,654.40 crore .
The ED has also attached properties of related firms including Diamond Power Transformer Ltd , Diamond Projects Ltd , Mayfair Leisures and Northway Spaces .
An investigation revealed that Diamond Power entered into circuitous transactions of huge amounts with various parties , including its related parties , by issuing fake invoices without any actual sale/purchase of goods , the ED said in a statement .
“ This was done with the dual intention of availing of CENVAT credit fraudulently , as well as projecting increased turnover before the banks in their financial records , ” it added .
According to ED , Diamond Power has shown fake/fictitious entries of receivables in their books of accounts of around Rs1,000 crore from their debtors . On the basis of these numbers , it was able to get credit from banks .
On investigation , the ED found most of these figures to be exaggerated . Further , Diamond Power , through its related parties , was able to gain funds fraudulently to the tune of Rs261 crore by twisting and manipulating letters of credit from the banks , it said .
Diamond Power also diverted a huge amount of funds received as loan/cash credit to its real estate companies such as Northway Spaces and Mayfair Leisures , ED said .
The ED said there was little genuine business activity done by the Diamond group of companies and most business shown on records was from fictitious transactions .
The Congress has alleged that the promoters of Diamond Power have had links with senior BJP leaders and have demanded a high-level probe in the matter .
Earlier this month , deputy chief minister Nitin Patel asked the CBI to thoroughly probe the case and ensure the entire amount is recovered .
The owner of a Chick-fil-A in Sacramento , Calif. , is giving their employees a big wage increase . People currently employed as “ hospitality professionals ” at the franchise owned by Eric Mason will see wages jump as much as $ 5 per hour , from $ 12.50- $ 13 an hour to $ 17- $ 18 an hour . In addition , they are giving supervisors paid time off and granting all employees paid sick leave .
Bristol has always been a pioneering city . Leading from the front and setting the example for everyone else to follow .
That reputation has transcended into its jobs market and now the city is full to the brim of well-paid , varied and interesting roles that are attracting top level talent across all industries .
Here is just a small selection of just some of those sorts of role but to see thousands more head over to The Bristol Post jobs portal here .
Business development director
Full time
£45,000 - £60,000 per annumm
A busy design company in Bristol is looking to recruit a business development director . This important role will involve working with the Client Services Director and Creative Partner , taking full ownership of the new business conversion process and creation and delivery of RFP 's , RFI 's , pitch documents and pitch assets .
You can see the full list of responsibilities and apply for this position here .
Linux engineer
Full time
£40,000-£45,000
An IT company in Bristol are seeking an experienced Linux Engineer to troubleshoot , patch and upgrade Linux servers as well as working on depth fault resolution and remediating vulnerabilities .
This role also offers the opportunity to get involved in some exciting projects such as cloud migrations and DevOps work including automation .
If IT is your specialism then you can read more about this role and apply here .
Information security consultant
Full time
£65,000-£85,000
A Leading Global Defence organisation is seeking an InfoSec Consultant to join them in Bristol . You will be part of the InfoSec team working delivering to private and public service clients . You will be responsible for devising/assisting coordination of bids and proposals , ensuring the quality management system are effectively complied and ensuring the Information Security Management System ( ISMS ) is effectively complied .
Find out more about this exciting role in IT here .
International marketing manager
Full time
£70,000-£80,000
This is a role for a true marketer working for a global market leading company in the Renal sector
You will be working on the long term strategic planning of the Renal portfolio across international markets and you will be required to influence and anticipate , market by market , the commercial impact of launching a new system including the impact on the existing knee portfolio . The role will also involve you developing the marketing plan which will incorporate all aspects of the marketing mix .
For more information and to apply , click here .
Transport administration manager
Full time
£42,199-47,197 .
Western Power Distribution is searching for a new transport administration manager . You will be responsible for the Transport Department 's administration team and WPD 's fleet administration systems .
You will ensure WPD delivers a safe and legally compliant transport operation and you will also , as required , provide support to WPD 's group of businesses on transport related issues .
For more information about this role , and to apply , see the full job listing here .
A Saudi-born Chinese woman is doing their bit to keep Arabic alive by teaching Chinese and Arabs to read , speak and write the language .
Born to Chinese-Muslim parents from the southernmost province of Hainan , Ayah Saeed grew up in Saudi Arabia before their family moved to Kuwait where they now works as a teacher .
“ I first learned the Arabic language when my parents were teaching us the Holy Qur'an . My love for the language grew over the years and now I teach it to both Arab and Chinese students , ” Saeed told Al Arabiya 's morning show .
During the summers , Ayah spends their time in China teaching the language to those interested in the Arab region . They told Al Arabiya that the students abroad are much more attentive in learning the language .
“ They have this indescribable passion to learn the language to the extent that they are interested in learning the specifics of pronunciation of each word , ” they said .
It is rare to find a foreigner speaking fluent in Arabic , let alone a Chinese woman in Kuwait 's public schools teaching their native language .
“ At first , some of my very young female students were shocked to see someone speaking in Arabic and looking like myself , ” Ayah told Al Arabiya while speaking flawless Arabic using the Kuwaiti language .
When asked about their accent , Ayah said they were always focused on the usage of the language and not simply the theoretical parts behind it .
“ I always put in mind that it is important to practice and use Arabic in any environment I 'm in , ” they said .
Has there ever been a funny moment when someone thought they could not speak the language ? Ayah says there has been plenty but one story remains . “ We were at an airport in China and there was one an Arab family who were having some problems with their travel arrangements . They approached us because they saw us in hijabs . They asked us in broken in English and were shocked into silence when we replied in Arabic , ” they recall .
“ But the funny thing was they insisted in talking in English , maybe because they 're not programmed to see an Asian speaking their language so fluently , ” they said , laughingly . — Al Arabiya English
It 's a rite of passage for every Serious Male Breakout Actor to get a survival thriller movie under their belts . Leo DiCaprio took on the snow and a bear in The Revenant . Liam Neeson brawled with a big angry wolf in The Grey . Ryan Reynolds contended with… a box in Buried . Now Daniel Radcliffe 's getting in on the action with Jungle .
Based on Yossi Ghinsberg 's book of the same name , it 's a true story . Radcliffe plays Ghinsberg , Israeli accent at all , as they get separated from their guide and friends in the Amazon , and has to fend off the elemental threats and find their way home . It looks thrilling , and while a release date has n't been set , expect the buzz to pick up after the movie premieres at the Melbourne International Film Festival in August . It 's directed by Greg McLean , the cult filmmaker behind Wolf Creek and , more recently , The Belko Experiment . So , safe to say this will be anything but a fun jaunt .
Bluesfest organizers are getting a jump on the coming legalization of cannabis by providing a smoking area where patrons can smoke medical marijuana with proof of a prescription . Cigarette smoking is also permitted in the new area .
“ It is a very hot and confusing topic right now , and these things will take time to sort out , ” says Mark Monahan , Bluesfest 's executive director , of the coming legalization .
“ We 're making an effort to be proactive on this , and trying to make the best of the situation and try to please everybody . For those who do n't want to be around smokers , we have a place to send ( the smokers ) . ”
In the past , many smokers have simply lit up in the crowd .
“ People have been smoking in areas where it 's not permitted , and it 's difficult to police , ” Monahan said . “ By establishing an area , we 're hoping people will respect the other areas where we 're asking them not to smoke . ”
It 's believed to be the first time in the festival 's 24 years of existence that a smoking area has been designated . It may also be the first time a Canadian festival is providing a place for users to consume cannabis , although Calgary 's city council recently amended a bylaw to allow for designated pot-smoking areas in public places such as festivals and parks .
Ottawa , on the other hand , does not allow smoking of any kind on municipal property , including bar and restaurant patios , parks , playgrounds , beaches and outside city-run facilities .
Bluesfest , however , takes place on land owned by the federal National Capital Commission .
“ We 're not on city property , ” said Monahan . “ We 're on federal land . So smoking can be permitted in certain situations . ”
The smoking area will comply with regulations stipulated by the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario . You ca n't , for example , consume alcohol at the same time .
The new smoking area will be adjacent to the main concert bowl , located west of Booth Street on the south side of the park . Patrons wo n't be required to scan in and out to access the area , but there will be security . Marijuana users will be required to provide proof of a prescription . Food and alcohol will not be allowed .
Bluesfest starts Thursday , July 5 , and runs until July 15 on the grounds of the Canadian War Museum at LeBreton Flats park .
lsaxberg @ postmedia.com
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Mercy-Wagner Box
WAGNER 75 , MERCY 41 MERCY ( 0-1 )
Smith 3-6 0-2 6 , Denny 1-4 0-0 3 , Barbetto 1-5 1-1 3 , Alectus 0-6 2-2 2 , Howard 0-3 5-5 5 , Richards 5-11 0-0 12 , Kozul 0-5 0-0 0 , Griffin 1-3 2-2 4 , Bienne 1-4 0-0 2 , Myers 1-6 0-0 2 , Atkins 0-2 0-0 0 , Ervin 1-3 0-2 2 . Totals 14-58 10-14 41 .
WAGNER ( 7-1 )
Sumbry 1-2 1-2 3 , Cooper 8-17 0-1 18 , Francis 6-15 5-5 19 , Liggeons 1-5 2-2 4 , Davis 4-12 2-2 10 , Scott 0-0 0-0 0 , Madray 0-2 1-2 1 , Brown 4-6 2-5 10 , Plummer 1-3 0-0 2 , Freeman 2-6 3-3 8 . Totals 27-68 16-22 75 .
Halftime_Wagner 30-18 . 3-Point Goals_Mercy 3-14 ( Richards 2-3 , Denny 1-1 , Kozul 0-1 , Myers 0-1 , Barbetto 0-1 , Atkins 0-1 , Bienne 0-2 , Howard 0-2 , Alectus 0-2 ) , Wagner 5-27 ( Cooper 2-4 , Francis 2-10 , Freeman 1-3 , Madray 0-1 , Plummer 0-2 , Liggeons 0-3 , Davis 0-4 ) . Fouled Out_None . Rebounds_Mercy 33 ( Richards 6 ) , Wagner 46 ( Liggeons 10 ) . Assists_Mercy 6 ( Myers 2 ) , Wagner 12 ( Francis 5 ) . Total Fouls_Mercy 20 , Wagner 17 . A_871 ( 2,100 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Kurtis Baker has shared this photo they took of Burnley viaduct next to Burnley College .
• Send in your high-resolution photos using the easy-to-use tool on this page and we will use them online and in the newspaper .
Or email them to kelvin.stuttard @ jpress.co.uk
Zero-Sum Tactics That Built Trump Inc. Could Backfire With World Leaders NPR 's Ailsa Chang speaks with David Honig , who teaches negotiations at Indiana University 's Robert H. McKinney School of Law , about how President Trump has employed a technique called `` distributive bargaining , '' and how that can backfire in world affairs .
Zero-Sum Tactics That Built Trump Inc. Could Backfire With World Leaders Zero-Sum Tactics That Built Trump Inc. Could Backfire With World Leaders Zero-Sum Tactics That Built Trump Inc. Could Backfire With World Leaders Audio will be available later today . NPR 's Ailsa Chang speaks with David Honig , who teaches negotiations at Indiana University 's Robert H. McKinney School of Law , about how President Trump has employed a technique called `` distributive bargaining , '' and how that can backfire in world affairs . NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
`` Obviously , we 're going to be extra cautious with him , '' Matheny said .
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago , striking out 52 in 46 innings . They felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals physician Dr. George Paletta .
Reyes went 3-0 in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria , Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis . They struck out 44 in 23 innings .
`` This was the first time he 's had to work , '' Matheny said . `` All those minor league rehab starts they had barely had anybody on base . So , they had to bear down . Did n't give up any runs . Their stuff looked right . Their stuff looked good . ''
Arcia was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs . They were sent down to work on their batting and was surprised at being recalled so soon .
`` Things were n't going my way and they wanted me to go down there to work on my hitting and reset everything . '' Arcia said through a translator . `` Thankfully , things were starting to go a lot better . ''
They looked pretty good in the seventh . With two out and runners on first and second , Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala ( 1-1 ) .
Jeremy Jeffress ( 5-0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh . Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth , and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save in seven chances .
Milwaukee went 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position , but the NL Central leaders still improved to 19-8 in May , setting a team record for wins in the month . Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers , and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run .
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis , and Dexter Fowler had three singles .
MAKING MOVES
Reyes was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list . Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis , and right-hander Dominic Leone was transferred to the 60-day DL . Leone has been out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Cardinals : Fowler returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a bruised right knee . They were hit by a pitch Saturday at Pittsburgh . ... LF Marcell Ozuna was a late scratch and replaced by Tyler O'Neill . Ozuna pinch-hit in the ninth and walked .
Brewers : SS Tyler Saladino ( left ankle sprain ) was placed on the 10-day DL . They got hurt Tuesday night . Eric Sogard started in their place , and Arcia took over in the seventh .
UP NEXT
Cardinals : RHP Jack Flaherty ( 2-1 , 2.15 ERA ) is scheduled to make their third career start against Pittsburgh on Friday . RHP Trevor Williams ( 5-3 , 3.43 ERA ) starts for the visiting Pirates .
Brewers : RHP Chase Anderson ( 4-3 , 4.42 ERA ) faces the Chicago White Sox on Friday night in the opener of an eight-game trip . They beat the White Sox 5-1 for Arizona in their major league debut on May 11 , 2014 .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Joe Totoraitis , The Associated Press
After Yoan Moncada 's leadoff double chased Gonzales in the seventh , reliever Dan Altavilla retired the next two batters before Marc Rzepczynski got the final out of the inning .
Juan Nicasio pitched the eighth and Edwin Diaz worked the ninth for their ninth save in as many tries .
Volstad ( 0-1 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings and did n't walk a batter as a replacement for Miguel Gonzalez , who is on the 10-day disabled list with an inflamed right rotator cuff . The start was the first for Volstad after four relief appearances this year .
TIME WILL TELL
An estimated 2,000 fans witnessed the first pitch in sunny , 59-degree weather . The announced attendance was 10,761 .
IN DANNY 'S CORNER
Former Mariners teammates and their wives remained in contact with the family of White Sox RHP Danny Farquhar , who underwent surgery for a brain aneurysm last weekend . They spent the 2013-15 seasons with the team .
`` You just want to give their family enough space , but you also want to do all you can to be there for support , '' said C Mike Zunino , Farquhar 's ex-batterymate . `` When you first hear something like this happens , it 's really scary because you have do n't know what 's going to happen . It seems like each day we hear something positive , so that 's a really good feeling . ''
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Mariners : 1B Ryon Healy ( sprained right ankle ) neared their return from the disabled list with a two-run single and walk in four plate appearances for Double-A Arkansas on Tuesday .
White Sox : OF Avisail Garcia was placed on the 10-day DL with what Renteria called a `` mild-to-moderate '' strain of their right hamstring . They will be re-evaluted later in the week . OF Daniel Palka was called up from Triple-A Charlotte .
UP NEXT
Mariners : RHP Felix Fernandez ( 2-2 , 5.06 ERA ) will take a career 6-6 mark vs. the White Sox into the series finale Wednesday . They were a 4-3 winner in their only appearance against them last year .
White Sox : RHP James Shields ( 1-2 , 6.17 ) comes off their worst start of the season , a 10-0 blowout against the Houston Astros in which they allowed seven earned runs in 5 1/3 innings .
By Paul Ladewski , The Associated Press
Three cars were stolen in the early hours of this morning ( October 6 ) in Kenilworth after burglars broke into three homes and stole the vehicles ' keys .
Two of the burglaries took place in Glasshouse Lane .
One of the homes had a side window smashed by burglars , who stole a wallet and a set of keys to a Jaguar , which was then stolen from the drive . This is incident 63 of October 6 .
Another home was broken into via the rear conservatory , and keys to a BMW were taken . The car was then stolen . This is incident 72 of October 6 .
And at just before 2am , an Audi was stolen from a house in Common Lane after its keys were stolen from the house . This is incident 32 of October 6 .
A spokesperson for Kenilworth Watch said : “ There is a limit as to what people can do to protect their homes and vehicles .
“ We encourage residents to do all they can but when the town is being hit like it has and is being with car key burglaries it 's about investigations and regular police patrols .
“ We want an assurance on these needs as some residents are becoming frightened and dismayed . ”
by
Calhoun County Sheriff 's Office placed second in the district in the MDOT Inmate Litter Removal Partnership program picking up more than 5,940 bags of trash off the county roadways in 2016 . At left is Sheriff Greg Pollan with Mickey Rodgers , inmate litter control director .
A skydiver whose parachute malfunctioned spent four hours stuck high up in a tree before rescuers could get them down , police said .
Dunstable police and firefighters responded to a 911 call for the skydiver around 7:15 p.m. Sunday . They found the skydiver stuck about 60 to 80 feet up in a tree near 223 River St. , police wrote in a statement .
The skydiver was able to speak with rescuers while they were still stuck in the tree , police said .
The Northeast Massachusetts Technical Rescue Team helped at the scene . The skydiver was finally back on the ground at 10:45 p.m .
The skydiver refused medical attention , police said .
`` We are glad that this gentleman was able to be brought safely to the ground without injury , '' Dunstable Police Chief James Dow said . `` This would not have been possible without the support of multiple agencies . ''
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
I grew up on a council estate in south London and understand about life on an estate .
Council housing is an amazing asset . It provides secure and affordable homes for people in need and on lower incomes .
Estates can provide an incredible sense of community where people from all different backgrounds live and grow up alongside one another as friends and neighbours , supporting one another .
However , when jobs and opportunities are few and far between locally , life can also be hard - with entrenched poverty and unemployment limiting opportunities for the next generation .
For decades , the Tories have made it nearly impossible for local councils to invest in estates or build new council housing .
( Image : DAILY MIRROR )
They slashed investment as soon as they came to power in 2010 , leaving councils with limited options for improving local areas .
This is the difficult context for the current debate about estate regeneration .
Put simply , regeneration should always be for the benefit of local communities - with residents and their lives put at the heart of the process .
This might sound obvious . But it 's not always the case - particularly in areas where the Tories are in power .
Many housing estates are in desperate need of improvement .
Tory cuts mean that some regeneration projects have seen social homes replaced with luxury flats that the local community simply can not afford .
This is unacceptable .
Major changes to communities and local areas should never be imposed on people against their will .
And estate regeneration should always lead to the same or more council housing , not less .
( Image : PA )
That 's why - as the Mayor of London - I plan to use all the powers at my disposal to change how things are done .
In a ground-breaking move - announced today alongside Jeremy Corbyn - I 'm going to start insisting that local residents are balloted ahead of big estate regeneration schemes in London that want my funding and that involve the demolition of people 's homes .
If a full ballot is not done , or if local residents vote against the regeneration plans , I will withhold Mayoral funding for the project .
I will also use my planning powers to ensure there is no loss of council housing as part of any estate regeneration schemes that come to me .
Following the horrific Grenfell Tower fire last year , we heard how the local community felt let down and ignored .
Things have to change .
My new plans form a key part in finally giving council housing residents the voice they deserve .
Barcelona transfer round-up : PSG ready to sell Marquinhos , Turan holds talks with Chelsea and more
All the transfer news and rumours in and around the Nou Camp .
@ ShashiManUnited by Shashi Football Transfer Roundup 15 Feb 2017 , 15:15 IST
Barcelona has a keen eye on PSG star Marquinhos
Barcelona receive boost in Marquinhos chase
Barcelona have received a major boost in their long-term pursuit of Paris Saint-Germain defender Marquinhos after the French Champions agreed to sell the Brazilian , according to the latest reports from French publication Le10 Sports .
Marquinhos joined the Ligue 1 champions from AS Roma for a reported fee of €27million failed to nail down a regular spot in the starting XI due to the presence of Thiago Silva and David Luiz in their first few seasons . With Luiz moving to Chelsea earlier this season , Marquinhos has , however , emerged as a key figure in Unai Emery 's plans .
However , Le10 Sports understand that PSG are willing to let Marquinho join Barcelona , who have followed the defender for last 12-18 months . The 22-year-old is likely to cost Luis Enrique 's side somewhere in the region of €30m . Inter Milan are also linked with a summer move for the PSG man .
Turan linked with a summer switch to Chelsea
My bro arda turan ! ! ! el craque A post shared by Diego Costa ( @ diego.costa ) on Feb 8 , 2017 at 4:21pm PST
Barcelona 's Arda Turan has been linked with a summer move to Chelsea and according to various reports , it is believed that talks between Turan and the Premier League club .
Chelsea 's Diego Costa posted a picture with Turan on their social media account which initially signalled towards Costa 's move to Camp Nou . However , reports from Turkey suggest that Turan is keen to move to Antonio Conte 's side next season .
Turan is a more physical player than Cesc Fabregas ( who has failed to get much game time ) which could see them cement a regular place in Chelsea 's starting XI next season . Turan is likely to cost Chelsea somewhere in the region of €20-25million .
Bosingwa and Caceres eyed as emergency signings
Bosingwa , a viable option ?
Barcelona have been rocked by the terrible injury news of Aleix Vidal who has been ruled out for rest of the season . Luis Enrique 's side is already short on defenders and the manager wants to bring in a couple of new faces at the back during the off-season .
Two names who have been linked with an emergency move to Camp Nou are Martin Caceres and Jose Bosingwa . Both players are currently without a club and are eying a return to professional football .
Caceres was close to joining Southampton in January but their injury scares forced Saints to drop the idea of signing the former Juventus man . Meanwhile , Bosingwa left Trabzonspor at the end of last season and is yet to find a new club for himself .
Everton fearful of losing Deulofeu
Barcelona are considering activating the buy-back clause in Gerard Deulofeu 's Everton contract , according to Mundo Deportivo . The forward joined Barcelona in 2003 before making their senior debut in August 2011 . Deulofeu joined Everton back in 2015 but had a buy-back clause inserted in their contract by the Catalan club .
After an inconsistent spell with Everton , Spanish winger made a switch to AC Milan until the end of this season in the January transfer window and Barcelona have reportedly been impressed with how they are getting on at San Siro .
It has been reported that Barcelona will make a summer move for their former star after Arda Turan and Denis Suarez seem ready to quit Camp Nou at the end of the current season .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
In tonight 's EastEnders , Stacey Slater and Mo Harris break down in tears .
The tearful pair struggle to get over the loss of Kat , who Mo shockingly revealed had died last week .
Stacey is mortified but becomes determined to raise money to give their cousin a proper East End send-off .
Mo wants Kat to have a leopard print coffin and a brand-new dress and gives Jay their demands at the funeral parlour .
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
Stacey also claims they need a push-up bra and fake tan , but is told they need to come up with £5,000 up front .
The Slaters go round Albert Square trying to get donations from the residents .
Ian offers to provide catering at the wake while the Carters will provide the pub for free .
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
Martin also comes up with a money making scheme , but Stacey gets the wrong end of the stick .
Meanwhile , Mariam tells Arshad they should go away to their favourite place but they struggle to remember where that is .
Arshad is saved when their plans are stop as they 're asked to foster a new baby .
* EastEnders airs tonight on BBC One at 8pm
Following last week 's revelation that Matt Smith made more than their co-star , Claire Foy , for their role as Prince Philip on The Crown , an online petition asking Smith to donate their extra pay to the Time 's Up Legal Defense Fund has garnered more than 23,000 signatures .
At last week 's INTV conference in Jerusalem , executive producer Suzanne Mackie revealed Smith made more than Foy because of their previous role as the Doctor on Doctor Who—despite Foy 's first billing on The Crown for their role as Queen Elizabeth II . According to Variety , Foy reportedly made $ 40,000 per episode for Season 1 , but Smith 's salary is unknown . Mackie promised the disparity would not happen again : “ Going forward , no one gets paid more than the Queen . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But that 's not enough for the 23,000+ people who signed a Care2 petition asking Smith to donate the difference between their and Foy 's paychecks to the Time 's Up Legal Defense Fund . The petition 's creator , Rebecca G. , writes , `` While it may be easy for some to dismiss gender pay disparity for already high-paid actors like Claire Foy , I believe that publically adresssing [ sic ] high-profile cases of sexism will also help create greater opportunities for all women—in all careers . '' The Time 's Up Legal Defense Fund works in conjunction with the National Women 's Law Center to provide resources and funding for select cases of sexual harassment in the workplace .
At press time , a representative for Smith and Foy did not respond to a request for comment .
This situation echoes the controversy surrounding Mark Wahlberg and Michelle Williams ' payments for their All The Money in the World reshoots following Kevin Spacey 's firing from the film . When USA Today broke the news that Wahlberg received $ 1.5 million for the reshoots , while Williams received an $ 80 per diem , a Care2 petition demanded Wahlberg donate their earnings to Time 's Up . They ultimately complied .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It was reported recently how Steve Lansdown has raised £130m by selling shares in financial company Hargreaves Lansdown .
The majority shareholder at Bristol City could look to use some of that to invest in Bristol City further , having already spent some £118m on the Robins during their tenure in charge .
However the rules on Financial Fairplay ( FFP ) restrict what can and ca n't be pumped in .
So we spoke to respected football finance expert Kieran Maguire - known as the Price of Football on Twitter - to look at just what could and could n't happen , should the City owner inject some more funds into Ashton Gate .
We understand that Lansdown senior is spending more time in Monaco currently rather than Guernsey but that might not diminish the 65-year-olld 's ambition of seeing City reach the Premier League .
Maguire explained that City 's last accounts were buoyed by the large transfer fee paid for Jonathan Kodjia before explaining how Lansdown could spend more money on the Robins without coming foul of FFP .
Jonathan Kodjia deal
`` In June 2017 Bristol City will still be owed over £10m by Villa so the Jonathan Kodjia was clearly paid in instalments as far as that deal was concerned but that wo n't affect City 's profits unless Villa go bust , which I do n't think will happen , '' said Maguire .
`` They sold Kodjia for £11m rising to £15m but they only received £6.6m cash [ in the last reported accounts ] across the year so clearly there were substantial sums still outstanding but that does n't affect the profit .
`` They 've booked all the profit but the good news for City is that the sale of Kodija effectively gives them two free hits at spending big in the Championship without having to worry about FFP .
`` I think 2017-2018 was the first of those but for 2018-2019 they 've still got a fair amount of flexibility because of the profits they made from the Kodija sale , '' they explained .
Spending more at Bristol City
As for that £130m of money raised by Lansdown , we asked how it works if they wanted to spend more at Ashton Gate .
`` He [ Lansdown ] can put as much cash into the club as they choose , but in terms of FFP he 's limited by the first £10m [ each year ] which counts as a FFP injection - so he 's currently put into the club £118m or so - but the logical thing to do would be to put it into the infrastructure as that does n't really hit FFP .
`` And they have done that . I was there 18 months ago when Brighton were there and certainly I 've seen the improvements .
`` He can bankroll the club in terms of its ability to make losses , which is one thing , and the infrastructure and expenditure would be secondary to on top of that . So they certainly have the ability to support the club in those regards , '' said Maguire .
( Image : Gary Day/JMP )
And on possible transfer spending ? How much could they spend ?
`` When I did my last sums I estimated for FFP purposes for 2016-17 which meant that they effectively broke even which would then mean that they could lose £39m over the course of the following two seasons . So for the forthcoming season there 's no reason why they ca n't spend reasonably big by Championship standards , '' they said .
`` If you sign a player for £10m and he 's on a four-year contract then you take the transfer fee and divide that by four and you say that £2.5m goes to FFP for the next four years . You can invest in the playing squad quite subatantially . ''
And even more so now following the sales of Aden Flint and Bobby Reid recently .
Wages issue
But there 's more to it : big wages need to be considered , too .
`` The other issue to consider is the wages of the players , and if both players and agents are aware that the club is ambitious - and I think Steve is ambitious , they want Bristol City to be in the Premier League - then they 'll try to get wages accordingly , '' they said .
`` If you 're bought for £10m then you deserve a decent wage is what I would argue if I was somebody 's agent .
( Image : Rogan Thomson/JMP )
`` But there is certainly scope for the club to spend reasonably well - and there are certain clubs in that division who are going to struggle with that this season , and that 's going to be Villa , and to a certain extent Derby and Sheffield Wednesday .
`` They effectively went for broke last season and it did n't work for them . And there are certain clubs in a far stronger position and I 'd argue that Bristol City are one . ''
If City fork out big fees then they have to pay accompanying big wages . Perhaps that explains smaller transfer fees being paid out .
Does infrastructure count towards FFP ?
And to clarify on how Lansdown can invest behind the scenes :
`` Infrastructure costs are excluded for FFP purposes . So investors can add new stands and more seats to grounds too and none of that will count towards FFP , '' they said .
`` If I refer to my own club Brighton : Tony Bloom paid for the Amex - fairly similarly to Steve Lansdown - and they also spent £40m on new training ground facilities .
`` And none of that counted towards the FFP losses . ''
City going forward
On Brighton , who Maguire supports , City have found a club with a template that they wish to follow :
`` It was a gradual approach at Brighton - they did n't spend huge sums , '' they said .
`` For example if you take the year Brighton went up , Villa spent £88m on players in 2016-17 that year and Brighton spent just £19m . It 's a sizeable amount but compared to Villa and Newcastle that year it was peanuts , '' said Maguire .
Maguire went on to explain that an important method in building was attracting good players , getting their 'buy-in ' to the project and then asking them for one more year to get promotion with the promise that they could move on if it did n't happen .
That helped to keep the vultures away from Anthony Knockaert , Lewis Dunk and others before promotion was achieved and is a strategy that the Robins could employ .
Meanwhile , Maguire explained that Aston Villa need to make 'substantial reductions ' after their parachute payments dropped by £20m this year .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jessica Shears is handing out boob job advice to their followers after going under the knife for a second time .
After being trolled over their topless pictures recently , the Love Island babe announced that they were planning another surgery to correct their first `` ill advised '' breast augmentation .
And she 's been making sure they keep their fans extremely well-informed every step of the way .
Today , Jess posted a picture to Instagram of themselves checking out the different sized implants on offer .
They wrote alongside it : `` Girls - learn from my mistakes My first breast augmentation , I was ill advised and made the decision with too much haste - do your research and make sure you use a company you trust I am so lucky that the amazing doctors and surgeons @ w1wellness gave me the most amazing advice and information on my procedure . Having surgery should n't be taken lightly . ''
( Image : jessica_rose_uk/Instagram )
( Image : Supplied by WENN )
Jess recently spoke about their `` weird boobs '' , saying they were unhappy with the shape left by their first boob job .
They told OK ! magazine : `` Yes , I had my boobs done when I was 20 or 21 , but I did n't make a very well-advised decision about them .
`` They did n't turn out great and I suffered a lot of side effects . I 've been looking at getting them reduced . ''
But the post about their surgery left fans split .
Some praised them and shared their own surgery success and nightmare stories , but others accused them of simply posting anything they could get paid for .
One wrote : `` Say anything for free s * * t. This is what annoys me about them I ca n't go through any of their photos without seeing an advertisement ! Money grabbing ''
( Image : Jessica_rose_uk/Instagram )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Meanwhile , others asked for advice .
One said : `` What were you ill advised about the first time ? I 'm booked in for my BA in a week and could do with some recovery advice ''
Jess was also mercilessly mocked for working out in a puddle recently .
The 23-year-old reality star was promoting a fitness guide , but clearly did n't spend much time scouting a location for their work out or perfecting them routine .
In the short clip , Jess - looking the part in a pair of grey shorts a small pink training top - works their way through a number of rather akward exercises made all the more awkward because she 's doing them all right on top of a massive puddle .
( Image : Jessica_rose_uk/Instagram )
( Image : Jessica_rose_uk/Instagram )
But while the glamour model was unfazed by the fact she 's doing their burpees and press ups in water , their followers were slightly less forgiving .
`` When you 're so desperate for the sponsor you work out in a puddle , '' one wrote while tagging a pal so they could also watch .
A second joked : `` It looks so amateur and why are they in a puddle ? ! ''
`` It 's the wet stair case that I think is making me laugh the most here ... , '' said another .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man accused of detonating a self-built pipe bomb beneath New York 's Time Square targeted the location because it had Christmas-themed posters , it was reported .
A new photo shows the suspect , Akayed Ullah , 27 , strapped to a gurney as they were transported to hospital with burns and lacerations following the failed suicide bombing .
Four others were injured when they allegedly set off a crude bomb that was strapped to their torso and made from a 5in pipe , nine-volt battery , sugar , match heads , Christmas tree lights and screws .
Sources told US media that Ullah was inspired by previous ISIS terror attacks at Christmas and was seeking revenge over US airstrikes against the terror group in the Middle East .
Ullah , an immigrant from Bangladesh who was a permanent resident in the US , was also said to have been angry over Israeli action in Gaza .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : Twitter / @ sundnce99 )
( Image : Twitter/Breaking 999 )
( Image : Twitter/Breaking 999 )
( Image : Universal News And Sport ( Europe ) )
Officials said the former limousine driver learned to build a bomb on the internet at their flat in Brooklyn , and they believe they were self-radicalised after entering the US almost seven years ago , most likely be watching propaganda online .
They told investigators they chose the location - an underground pedestrian corridor at one of the busiest transport hubs in the world - because it had Christmas-themed posters , recalling Christmastime attacks in Europe , the New York Times reported .
They also said they set off the bomb in retaliation for US airstrikes on ISIS targets in Syria and elsewhere , the Times added , while CNN reported that the suspect carried out the attack due to recent Israeli action in Gaza .
A pro-ISIS propaganda channel has suggested the attack was in retaliation to US President Donald Trump 's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel 's capital .
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : AFP )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The terror group had previously warned of attacks in New York and European cities over the holidays .
Ullah reportedly told investigators that they carried out the attack in the name of ISIS , and sources told the New York Daily News they had no direct contact with the terror group .
A source said : `` He says they acted alone . He 's said he 's been following ISIS on the internet and reading [ al-Qaeda 's online ] Inspire magazine .
“ He found the instructions for the bomb online . ”
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Twitter )
They suffered burns to their hands and abdomen , and lacerations . They were being treated in hospital and was in a serious condition , but was expected to survive .
The blast at the height of the morning commute was captured on CCTV inside the walkway between Times Square and the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan .
A photo taken moments later shows Ullah in a foetal position with their burned stomach exposed .
There were scenes of chaos as thousands of terrified commuters and tourists fled the area in a stampede , with some being trampled as they tried to escape .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : AFP )
It was reported that the `` low tech '' bomb was hidden under the suspect 's jacket and only partially-detonated .
Two officers grabbed them and removed the explosives and wires which were attached to their body .
Ullah told investigators that they made the bomb at the electrical company where they work , it was reported .
The bomb comprised a 5in piece of pipe , a nine-volt battery , sugar , match heads , Christmas tree lights and screws , sources told the New York Post , adding that the device failed to go off as planned .
Veronica Chavez , 45 , one of the victims of the attack , was just steps away from the bomber as they were on their way to work at a factory .
Them brother Alfonso Chavez , 42 , told the Post : `` [ It was ] awful because they saw people fall to the ground . They saw dust everywhere . They saw people under debris . She 's nervous , she 's scared . Like everyone else , we 're angry . ''
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : AFP )
( Image : AFP )
Sources told US media that Ullah arrived in the US on a family immigrant visa in February 2011 and had been living in Brooklyn , where their residence in the Ocean Parkway neighbourhood was being searched .
They were said to be a permanent US resident with legal status . They worked as a livery driver until their licence lapsed in 2015 .
Ullah was from Chittagong in south-eastern Bangladesh and last visited the country on September 8 , a police official in the country told Reuters .
They had no criminal record there , and sources in the US told Reuters there was no information indicating they were previously known to intelligence or law enforcement services .
Their neighbours told the Post that they heard loud fighting coming from their family 's home in recent days .
( Image : AFP )
Ullah lived with their parents on the main floor , while their brother and sister lived upstairs one neighbour said .
Landlord Alan Butrico , 55 , whose tenants live next door , said : `` There was a lot of screaming and yelling . ''
They said one tenant told them `` there was a big blow-up last night '' .
Kat Mara , 63 , who works near the family 's home , added : `` He is very aloof . They looked weird ... always angry . They always seemed like they had something on their mind . ' ''
State Governor Andrew Cuomo described Ullah as `` disgruntled '' and a `` lone wolf '' , similar to the suspect in the most recent attack in New York , when an Uzbek immigrant driving a rented truck ran over people on a bicycle path on Halloween , killing eight .
Mr Cuomo told CNN that the suspect obtained the bomb-making directions from the internet .
The governor also said Ullah was `` not really part of a sophisticated network '' .
Trump , meanwhile , said the attack highlights the `` urgent need '' for Congress to enact immigration reform legislation .
Trump said in a statement the suspect had entered the US on a family immigrant visa , benefiting from a U.S. policy known as chain migration , which the president said `` is incompatible with national security '' .
© Hannah Mckay / Reuters
The UK has introduced sweeping new powers which , according to the country 's security minister , will be used to seize the assets of foreign criminals.Speaking to the Times , cabinet minister Ben Wallace said that they would use `` the full force of the government '' to stifle the activities of investors using Britain as a haven for their ill-gotten gains . Wallace was speaking following the introduction of Unexplained Wealth Orders ( UWOs ) this week , created as part of the Criminal Finance Act , which allows authorities to freeze assets exceeding £50,000 in value if their owners are unable to explain how they acquired them . `` Unexplained wealth orders can be used against everyone from a local drug trafficker to an international oligarch or overseas criminal , '' Wallace told the paper . `` If they are an MP in a country where they do n't receive a big salary but suddenly they have a nice Knightsbridge townhouse worth millions and they ca n't prove how they paid for it , we will seize that asset , we will dispose of it and we will use the proceeds to fund our law enforcement . `` according to research by the University of York and the London School of Economics.Transparency International , an anti-corruption group , says it has identified £4.4 billion worth of properties in Britain that should be considered possible candidates for UWOs . Rachel Davies Teka , head of Advocacy Transparency International UK , told Reuters the UWOs would help combat the fight against `` dirty money '' flowing into Britain . `` They will allow law enforcement to much more easily investigate assets that are highly likely to have been bought using corrupt money , often stolen from populations in some of the poorest parts of the world , '' they said.Two test cases of the new powers are being prepared and dozens of other targets have been identified , according to the Times .
The Cougars spent the weekend on a camping trip to an undisclosed location , and Sitake said it was good for the players to get away from their cell phones and “ connect in a different type of setting other than the football field. ” … The team will conduct an open practice and scrimmage at 10 a.m. Thursday at the stadium . Admission is free and gates open at 9:30 a.m. … Offensive line coach Mike Empey said junior Austin Hoyt will be the opening-game starter at right tackle , edging out first-year student Kieffer Longson , who will still see considerable time because they can also play right guard . … Junior weak side linebacker Francis Bernard did not participate in last week 's scrimmage and did not practice in team situations Monday , although they were in shoulder pads and did some of the drills .
CLOSE The Wilmington Housing Partnership , Wilmington Neighborhood Conservancy Land Bank and the City of Wilmington demolish a series of nuisance and abandoned properties in the area of 8th and Bennett Streets on the Eastside of Wilmington . Suchat Pederson/The News Journal
The Wilmington Housing Partnership , Wilmington Neighborhood Conservancy Land Bank and the City of Wilmington demolish a series of nuisance and abandoned properties in the area of 8th and Bennett Streets on the Eastside of Wilmington . The demolition will make way for the construction of new owner-occupied town-homes as part of a larger neighborhood revitalization of the east side . ( Photo : Suchat Pederson , The News Journal-USA TODAY NETWORK )
Ten vacant rowhomes on Wilmington 's East Side were demolished on Monday morning to make way for new townhomes .
Fourteen three-bedroom , 2.5-bath houses will replace what were vacant , abandoned and nuisance properties on the 900 block of Bennett Street , officials said .
`` Things have to be brought down in order for things to be built up , '' said the Rev . Terrence S. Keeling , a leader in the neighborhood 's East Side Rising development plan . `` When we see events like this , hope is being restored . ''
Construction is slated to start in winter 2019 and officials expect them to be completed by early 2020 .
The new units will be sold for about $ 155,000 . Three of the units will be `` geared '' toward families earning 60 percent of median income , although that 's not a requirement , Martin said .
The demolition was the fourth of its kind on Bennett Street and is the first of a three-part project in the city 's East Side .
Developers will next tackle up to seven units on Pine Street , said Steven Martin , executive director of the Wilmington Housing Partnership , a nonprofit developer .
Officials then hope to transform Church and Spruce streets from state highways to `` user-friendly '' commercial corridors with plenty of parking , coffee shops and a grocery store .
In the last two years , the Partnership has acquired 148 homes on the east side for demolition or rehabilitation . All of them were sold , said Partnership Chairman Rob Buccini .
`` We have very happy residents , '' said Buccini , who heads the city 's largest development firm , the Buccini/Pollin Group .
Local workers from Keeling 's East Side Rising Training Center will help rebuild the Bennett Street homes , said City Council President Hanifa Shabazz .
`` This is a win-win for our community , '' said Shabazz , referring to the benefits of workforce development and homeownership . `` This is just the beginning . ''
The Bennett Street project was funded in part by the Delaware State Housing Authority , which gave a $ 645,000 grant to the Wilmington Neighborhood Conservancy Land Bank , according to DSHA Director Anas Ben Addi .
CLOSE Long vacant buildings at 50 and 52 East 22nd Street were demolished Monday morning at a press conference to make way for affordable housing for first-time homeowners . Suchat Pederson/The News Journal
The money came from settlements with J.P. Morgan Chase and Bank of America , totaling $ 8.2 million , Ben Addi said . About $ 3.8 million is directed to efforts in Wilmington .
`` You can not change a city without getting down to the blocks , '' Ben Addi said . `` Our whole city impacts our home values , but the impact on the self-esteem of the generations growing up in these neighborhoods is much more important , and I believe that 's why we 're here . ''
Contact Christina Jedra at ( 302 ) 324-2837 , cjedra @ delawareonline.com or on Twitter @ ChristinaJedra .
HOUSING IN WILMINGTON :
Wilmington mayor proposes $ 1 million to fight blight
Property reassessment : Wilmington mayor accuses county of 'bleeding ' its tax dollars
Wilmington officials kick off land bank , 'key ' to new development
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/2018/03/19/wilmington-demolishes-10-east-side-homes-makes-way-new-development/437420002/
The Germany city of Düsseldorf promises to host more Christmas Markets on 2017 than ever before while giving visitors the chance to have fun on it 's large ice rink next to the Königsallee shopping avenue .
Düsseldorf will open its festive season on 23 November and the Christmas Market will be inviting visitors to the city centre with a large variety of Christmas worlds in different looks .
For the very first time the market has been extended beyond Christmas all the way up to 30 December and apart from this extension , the launch of the big ice rink on Corneliusplatz and the new Fairy Tale Market on Schadowplatz are two of the most important new features .
The children 's programme has been expanded overall so that this year , for example , there will be a children 's activities tent on Jan-Wellem-Platz with shows every day . The Christmas Market will remain closed on the Sunday of the Dead ( 26 November ) , Christmas Eve and Christmas Day ( 24 and 25 December ) .
During the festive season , Düsseldorf will have lots of atmospheric new features . The ice rink has been relocated this year and will offer new activities .
At the northern end of Königsallee , directly adjacent to the Hofgarten and the Kö-Bogen , this year visitors will be able to enjoy a 1,700-square-meter ice rink on Corneliusplatz .
The skating fun will be enhanced by an extensive range of catering , with stalls set up around the rink . Right next door , the Christmas Market on Schadowplatz has been given a makeover .
The new motto this Christmas is “ fairy tale market ” . Scenes from fairy stories adorn the roofs of the cabins which will also be decorated with illuminated Herrnhut stars . This market is very much focused on items for children .
Each of the motifs on display at the Märchenmarkt ( Fairy Tale Market ) – borrowed from famous German fairy stories by the Brothers Grimm – consists of three staggered elements that have been affixed to the roofs . This creates an impression of spatial depth and three-dimensionality for the viewer . Some parts of the silhouette cut-outs are movable and electrically-powered .
For the “ Sterntaler ” motif , the spherical starry sky rotates and fills the little girl 's dress – which they are holding up like an apron – with stars falling from the sky . The moment at which Sleeping Beauty awakens after being kissed by the prince is also animated , as is Rumpelstiltskin , dancing around a glowing fire .
Visitors can of course also look forward to the classics of the Düsseldorf Christmas Market . Set against the backdrop of Düsseldorf 's City Hall and with a historical feel , is the Artisans ' Market . It 's the perfect place to discover and admire hand-made items while enjoying a glass of mulled wine .
The “ Engelchenmarkt ” ( Little Angels ' Market ) on Heinrich-Heine- Platz is adorned with small figures of angels and has a “ heavenly atmosphere ” .
Other beautifully designed markets such as the “ Sternchenmarkt ” ( Little Star Market ) – idyllically located in the inner courtyard of Wilhelm Marx House at the Stadtbrückchen – or the cabins on Flinger Straße in the centre of the Altstadt ( Old Town ) , reminiscent of Düsseldorf 's old burgher houses , also offer a deliciously cosy mix of food , drink and shopping .
Directly beside the Rhine on Burgplatz , Düsseldorf visitors will be able to get a bird 's eye view of the Christmas bustle : the lofty Wheel of Vision will be set up there again between October and January as a winter landmark , flanked by a number of food stalls .
Düsseldorf city centre will be offering the appealing mix of a stroll through the Christmas Market and shopping . Attractive shops combined with the festive mood will turn Düsseldorf into a truly great experience . It is now more than ever the case that shopping in Düsseldorf will fulfil every wish .
The Kö-Bogen has made Düsseldorf an even more interesting place to shop , while Königsallee stands for a very special kind of shopping . Big international brands such as Armani , Hermès , Bulgari , Gucci , Versace and Dior , as well as local retailers , will be presenting gift ideas in a festively atmospheric ambience .
On Schadowstraße visitors can enjoy a mix of major department stores and smaller retail outlets , where they will find the right gift for every taste . On the way to the Rhine , the Altstadt and Carlstadt are home to plenty of boutiques , some of which also sell fashion by local designers . Many fashion and jewellery designers have settled in the districts of Flingern and Bilk that directly adjoin the city centre .
Their shops , along with the little cafés and restaurants , make these the perfect places to browse , sample , relax and , of course , do lots of shopping . On Sunday , 10 December shops in the city centre will be open for gift shopping from 1pm to 6pm .
And what if your guests want to see even more of Düsseldorf and hear stories about Christmas and the city ? Düsseldorf 's Altstadt will be beautifully illuminated with thousands of lights , producing a highly atmospheric setting for a guided tour of the city . 3
The two-hour Christmas Guided Tour will offer many insights into Düsseldorf 's Altstadt , as well as Christmas anecdotes . While the Düsseldorf Christmas Market is on , the tours start on Fridays at 4pm and Saturdays at 2pm , and end with Christmas cookies and a mulled wine or hot chocolate . Tours can be booked at www.duesseldorf-tourismus.de/weihnachtsmarkt
Düsseldorf Tourismus GmbH 's Christmas Market hotel package will allow visitors to take it easy after their Advent stroll , giving them even more time for extensive sightseeing .
The package offers an overnight stay in a double room with breakfast from 65 euros per person . The hotel package is rounded off with a DüsseldorfCard , entitling the holder to free use of bus and rail during their stay , as well as many other discounts , and a Düsseldorf info pack with a travel guide .
Because it has numerous free parking spaces , Düsseldorf is perfectly prepared for coach tour operators . There are Christmas Market parking spaces in the Altstadt , guaranteeing that visitors do n't have to go far to reach the markets .
There will be additional parking spaces at the exhibition centre grounds on each Saturday . From here , guests can pick up a free day ticket with which they can get to the city centre in just a few minutes on the U78 subway line .
You can book your parking space online in advance by going to www.duesseldorf-tourismus.de/park This handy and convenient tool which also allows you to download and print your parking ticket , will help you to plan your trip to Düsseldorf perfectly . More information at www.duesseldorf-tourismus.de/en/our-top-events/duesseldorf-christmas-market/
* * Across the border in Belgium , there will be something special in Bruges during the festive period . However I 'm not sure whether it 's the piping hot waffles , magical Christmas markets lit up by twinkling fairy lights or real log fires in centuries old taverns…
Whatever it is , you can experience it with DFDS 's festive break to Bruges . You can choose between the Dover-Dunkirk and Calais routes and sail in comfort . Both ports are close to Bruges with Dunkirk only a one hour drive away and Calais around two .
There is a choice of a three- or four-star hotel , both centrally located in the city and you can extend your trip for up to three nights in Bruges .
Prices start from only £96pp including return ferry crossing with a car and one night hotel stay with breakfast .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The world 's first subconscious shopping experience was unveiled this week in London giving a glimpse of how shopping could look in the future .
Electroencephalogram headsets were worn by guests at a revolutionary new concept space to unlock micro-moments of inspiration .
The art-fuelled space combined visual cues found in displayed artworks with items from the eBay marketplace which produce a similar psychological response .
Personalised shopping carts were then presented to shoppers at the end based on their unique experience .
( Image : Doug Peters )
Rob Hattrell , Vice President of eBay UK , said : “ Shopping has always been intensely personal .
“ It 's an expression of what makes you , you .
“ This year , we want to put inspiration back into shopping and encourage people to find what they love .
“ We want to be there for consumers when inspiration strikes and offer a more personalised shopping experience .
“ Through The Art of Shopping we 're exploring this in a fun , engaging way but the integration of Interests at the end of the year gives a glimpse into how we see the future of shopping on eBay . ”
( Image : Doug Peters )
Later this year , eBay will unveil a new homepage experience built on artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide shoppers with an unsurpassed level of personalisation .
eBay Interests will deliver a tailored browsing experience ; based on real shopping behaviour , serving up inventory and content tailored to shopper 's personal style , interests and activities or passions .
Aiming to combat beige shopping behaviour , The Art of Shopping space used artful shopping inspiration to challenge guests to step outside their comfort zone , into the ‘ inspiration zone ' and let their subconscious do the shopping .
( Image : Doug Peters )
Last week the online marketplace released neuroscience based shopping research comparing the mindstates of shop-y-cats ( who follow the crowd , buying the same items as others ) vs. inspired shoppers ( intent on finding more personal , colourful and unique items ) .
The study showed that 84 per cent of inspired shoppers experienced a prolonged high at check-out , comparable to the high felt by a Formula 1 driver finishing a circuit .
Comparatively , 82 per cent of shop-y-cats became fatigued by the pressure to fit in .
( Image : Doug Peters )
The study also identified the ideal mind-state in which our brains are most open to inspiration .
Like an athlete preparing to compete or admiring a work of art , this zone is achievable when we remain present , focus and calm , when browsing .
In partnership with UK-based brain technology company MyndPlay , EEG technology will instantly unlock micro-moments of inspiration experienced by guests during their journey .
( Image : Doug Peters )
A specially-designed algorithm - developed by behavioural psychologists – connects space with a vibrant array of items from the eBay marketplace , which each produce a similar neurological response .
The Art of Shopping presented by eBay opened this week at 2 Fitzroy Place , Mortimer St , London W1W
WWE News : Braun Strowman shares thoughts on Roman Reign 's in-ring work
The Monster Among Men had some interesting thoughts to share with their opponent
@ SGCWrestling by Simon Cotton News 14 Aug 2017 , 02:36 IST
Braun Strowman had some words about Roman Reigns
What 's the Story ?
Braun Strowman appeared on the In This Corner with Brian Campbell and talked about their current rival Roman Reigns and put them over big .
Strowman claimed that Reigns is one of the best performers in the world .
In case you did n't know ...
Reigns and Strowman have been feuding since the 2017 Royal Rumble when Strowman interfered in Reigns ' Universal Champion match . Since that time , both men have been fighting on WWE programming for the better part of the year .
The first match took place at Fastlane and saw Reigns defeat Strowman , but Strowman would dominate the rest of the feud . Their next match was an ambulance match at Great Balls of Fire which Strowman won . Their latest match , which took place this week of Monday Night Raw , saw Strowman defeat Reigns in a Last Man Standing Match .
The Heart of the Matter
Strowman praised Reigns for their in-ring ability and said that they and Reigns were the ones having the best matches on the shows they fight on .
`` Roman Reigns is , if not the best , one of the best performers in the world , hands down . I do n't care what anybody says . They do it night after night , and it does n't matter who he 's with , they tear the place down . Lately , it has been me and them blowing the roof off the arena on every place we walk into on God 's green earth . ''
Strowman also went on to praise Reigns for their toughness and their work ethic claiming they keep getting back up no matter what .
“ That 's the thing that people just do n't get and that 's the work ethic behind Roman Reigns . He 's just a tough S.O.B . I 've spent so much time in this program , just nailing them and nailing him , and whether it 's stubbornness , stupidity or heart , they just keeps getting back up , which just keeps giving me a reason to knock them back down . ”
What 's next ?
Reigns and Strowman are n't scheduled to wrestle on Raw , but there 's a chance that they will interact with Samoa Joe and Brock Lesnar this Monday .
All four men will battle for the Universal Championship on Sunday , August 20 , 2017 , at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn , New York for SummerSlam .
Author 's take
Strowman having respect for Reigns probably wo n't deter and anti-Roman Reigns wrestling fans , but it 's one of those things that 's good to know .
Two other camemberts from France place 10th and 12th .
Agropur describes its winning cheese as having a `` hazelnut-and-mushroom flavour . ''
Quebec 's triumph appeared to hit hard in France , where the delicate cow 's milk treat is believed to have first appeared in the mid-to-late 1700s in Camembert , Normandy .
`` It 's a scandal , a fraud . The jury must have been bought , '' proclaimed VSD . `` Or , if not , it 's a shameful and stinging defeat . ''
Belgian press also registered surprise . A headline by Paris Match Belgique echoed Ouest-France , while employing a common Quebec swear word : `` Tabarnak ! Le meilleur camembert du monde est … quebecois . ''
It went on to note : `` It 's called ' l'Extra . ' A name that rings rather well for the creme de la creme of camemberts . Except it was n't made by our Gaulois ( French ) cousins but rather across the Atlantic on land better known for its poutine and maple syrup . ''
Agropur , owned by more than 3,000 dairy farmers , scored four other wins through cheeses made by its United States facilities , including : the best mozzarella , best smoked provolone , the best feta and best shredded cheese ( flavoured and unflavoured ) .
Canadian producers at Parmalat also scored well , with its Winchester , Ont. , facility taking first and third place in the sharp cheddar category . The same facility placed third in the flavoured butter category and third in the mild cheddar category .
Meanwhile , the Orangeville , Ont . facilities run by Saputo Dairy Products Canada produced the best soft goat 's milk cheese and third-best `` flavored soft goat 's milk cheese with sweet condiments . ''
Its smoked caciocavallo from a facility in St-Laurent , Que. , came second in the smoked smoked provolone category .
Cheese produced at two of Agropur 's U.S. facilities won several prizes in 2016 , including the best cheddar aged two years or longer , best part skim mozzarella , the best feta and best flavoured feta .
And it 's certainly not the first time that a non-French camembert has won the award .
Saputo 's St-Laurent , Que . plant won the camembert category in 2010 . Meanwhile , an Australian cheese triumphed in 2012 and German cheeses won in 2014 and 2016 .
A French cheese was named this year 's overall winner , though . A hard sheep 's milk cheese called Esquirrou , made at Mauleon Fromagerie , was named 2018 World Champion Cheese .
Lamoureux says most Canadians can easily sample the winning camembert since it is sold in grocery stores across the country .
`` It 's not hard to find the camembert L'Extra ... but maybe it will ( be hard to find ) in the next days , '' they chuckle .
___
Online : www.WorldChampionCheese.org .
— With files from Donald McKenzie
By Cassandra Szklarski , The Canadian Press
Do n't throw out your 1980s Benetton sweater . Or that empty bottle of Cabernet . And certainly not the old Goodyear tire against the garage wall . All can now be creatively upcycled .
“ Upcycled , ” not recycled .
According to hipcycle.com , ( is there a better named website for green enthusiasts ? ) upcycling is “ the process of converting old or discarded materials into something useful and often beautiful. ” A kind of repurposing for the masses , it 's a way of reducing the stuff in those bins on the curb .
By comparison , recycling ( or downcycling ) breaks down products , so their base materials can be remade into new products .
Virtually anything can be considered for upcycling — from the familiar ( paper ; “ Square Paper Coasters ” ) to the far-flung ( e-waste ; a “ Motherboard Cigar Case ” ) . How about uprooting a warped vinyl INXS record for an updated notebook ?
Referenced in the 1990s , it is thought that the word was first coined by modfathers William McDonough , ( architect ) and Michael Braungart , ( chemist ) in their 2002 book “ Cradle to Cradle : The Way we Make Things. ” It is goal oriented : a reduction in the consumption of raw materials .
Today , there is also a capitalist upside to upcycling . Habitat for Humanity has gone retail with “ Restore. ” Perhaps fearing a landscape of aluminum , Coca-Cola promoted five “ upcycled boutiques ” in a 2014 story , “ Trash to Treasure. ” And Preserve Products , ( whose motto is “ Nothing wasted . Everything gained ” ) which remakes recycled products , counts among its corporate partners Whole Foods and Berry Plastics Corp .
Last month , The Wall Street Journal reported that high fashion is now creating “ high-end upcycled clothing. ” Designers are scouring archives and rummaging vintage stores for old garments that can be “ refashioned. ” Buyers are willing to pay a high price for such eco-conscious , upgraded clothes . Upcycling is now part of the curriculum of many fashion schools . Thimbles up !
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Hipcycle reminds us that modern-day upcycling is rooted in 1930s-'40s America , when many families had very little economic or material resources . It says , “ grandma was an upcycler . ”
Uploading this column to your grandma might be considered a form of upcycling .
“ Word Wise ” is an occasional series highlighting words or phrases finding their way into popular culture . It is written by James P. Freeman , a New England writer . They are a columnist with The New Boston Post and former columnist with The Cape Cod Times .
GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN , Germany — Americans Breezy Johnson and Lindsey Vonn posted the fastest times in World Cup downhill training on Saturday , less than two hours before the race .
Johnson timed 1 minute , 39.52 seconds on the Kandahar course and was 0.29 seconds faster than Vonn , who has won the race in the last two years and three times in total . Sofia Goggia of Italy was 0.01 further back in third .
Training was cancelled on the previous two days , forcing organizers to stage the mandatory session just before the actual race .
Another downhill is scheduled for Sunday in the last weekend of World Cup racing before the Pyeongchang Olympics .
Reporter : Ashlie Rodriguez
Reporter : Ashlie Rodriguez
EL PASO , Texas - The third trial for Daniel Villegas , accused of murdering two teens in 1993 , has been delayed .
Villegas ' attorney confirmed with ABC-7 Monday night that they were seeking a continuance of the July 9 trial . Joe Spencer told ABC-7 they are asking Judge Sam Medrano to reschedule it at the most 90 days from the original date .
Judge Medrano has granted the motion by the defense , pushing the date back nearly three months to October 1 .
Spencer told ABC-7 they were asking for the delay because Villegas and their wife are expecting the birth of their child on the same date Villegas ' retrial was scheduled to begin .
`` There have been medical issues in the past and the stress is too much for them , '' Spencer told ABC-7 . `` I 'm sure ( the judge who set the trial date ) did not know the state of the Villegas family at the time they set the case . ''
Villegas was 16 when Bobby England and Armando `` Mando '' Lazo were shot to death .
Read through ABC-7 's complete coverage of Daniel Villegas ' legal battle
Their first trial ended in a mistrial after jurors could n't reach a verdict . In their second trial in 1995 , Villegas was convicted of capital murder and sentenced to life in prison .
Their attorneys appealed the ruling , and in 2013 the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals ordered a retrial .
Villegas has been out on bond since 2014 .
`` It would be a huge accomplishment to win here in front of my home crowd , '' Watson said . `` What a dream that would be , my dad was in the military so now we 've got the name of the tournament . It just would mean a lot for my family to honour my late dad . ''
It 's the first tournament for Mickelson since the U.S. Open , when they intentionally violated golf rules by hitting a moving ball on the 13th green in the third round . They later apologized , saying their anger and frustration got the best of him .
The West Virginia stop could see a change when the PGA Tour reveals its full schedule this month for the next FedEx Cup season . The tournament at Sam Snead 's former playground in White Sulphur Springs is under contract through 2021 .
Watson , for one , would n't mind seeing a schedule change . From a business standpoint , they said the Fourth of July holiday always is a hectic time at The Greenbrier , so moving the tournament to later in the year , especially with the area 's spectacular fall foliage on display , would give the resort yet another busy week .
`` I 've always thought that the fall would be great , '' they said .
Up for grabs this week are four spots in the British Open at Carnoustie starting July 19 . Those will go to players not already exempt among the top 12 finishers in West Virginia .
All past winners are in the field . So is Abraham Ancer , who was tied for the lead entering the final round of last week 's Quicken Loans National . They finished tied for fourth .
Nineteen-year-old Norman Xiong is playing in their first tournament as a professional . They won the Haskins Award as the nation 's top college golfer during their sophomore year at Oregon , earning them an exemption at The Greenbrier .
`` It 's pretty low-key here , so my mind 's pretty settled and I 'm just trying to prepare the best I can for the upcoming week , '' Xiong said . `` It 's a different stage . It 's kind of a new beginning . I do n't know too many guys out here . Hopefully soon I can make some friends . ''
The Weinstein Co. board of directors has pressured Weinstein to step down from the company they helped create , said a person familiar with the board 's deliberations who was not authorized to speak publicly . Weinstein has resisted , hoping to weather the storm . Discussions between Weinstein and the board have been heated and contentious , the person said .
With maple sugaring season now in full swing I thought I would check out the maple ice cream selection at the grocery store . My options were limited .
Friendly 's makes a maple walnut and Halo Top has a pancake and waffles flavor , but it uses cane sugar not maple syrup as the sweetener . I went to Fresh Acres and found that SoCo Creamery has a maple walnut flavor and since I 've loved everything I 've ever eaten from the brand I figured it would be a safe bet .
Here we have a maple ice cream with crushed walnuts sprinkled throughout .
When I opened the pint I thought the ice cream had freezer burn , but after skimming off the top layer I realized the consistency of the ice cream is just a little grainy looking .
I checked out the ingredients and was happily surprised to see a tiny list : milk , cream , maple syrup , sugar , walnuts , sea salt and the tiniest bit of guar and carob , both organic stabilizers . I 'm guessing the stabilizers are what gave the ice cream the weird consistency .
I was a bit nervous to taste the ice cream thinking it might taste grainy because of the weird texture , but once I took a bite the ice cream melted in my mouth and was incredibly creamy and rich .
This is very good ice cream , but I could not really taste the maple syrup . It 's definitely a very sweet treat , but it was almost like a sweet cream ice cream more than a maple ice cream . That did n't bother me since I 'm not a huge fan of maple ice cream , but if you are looking for a distinctive maple flavor , this might not be the one for you .
As for the walnuts there were n't many in the two scoops I ate , but that was just fine by me , since I do n't really like walnuts . However for a pint that 's quite expensive I would have expected more walnuts mixed into the ice cream .
Overall I give this one three scoops . It 's really high quality ice cream with limited ingredients , but it 's just too sweet without having a distinct maple flavor and sorry SoCo , but you really skimped on the walnuts .
Home-Based Drug Treatment Program Costs Less And Works
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jack Rodolico/NHPR Jack Rodolico/NHPR
Hannah Berkowitz is 20 years old . When they were a senior in high school their life flew off the rails .
They were getting high on whatever drugs they could get their hands on . They were suicidal . Berkowitz moved into a therapeutic boarding school to get sober , but could only stay sober while they were on campus during the week .
`` I 'd come home and try to stay sober really hard — really , really hard , '' says Berkowitz . `` Sometimes I 'd make it through the weekend , and sometimes I just could n't make it . It was white-knuckling it , just holding on . ''
The transition back home always triggered a relapse for Berkowitz .
`` I thought it was just my fault and there was no hope , '' they say .
No hope — but Berkowitz did have luck . They had private health insurance and they lived in Connecticut , where a startup company , Aware Recovery Care , had begun treating clients in the very environment where Hannah was struggling to stay sober : them home .
A chronic disease approach
Treating addiction is a growing business , but a lot of the treatment that 's available is expensive and patients often relapse . Fortunately , there is a way to help some people pay less for better results , says Matt Eacott , vice president of Aware Recovery Care .
`` Ninety-nine percent of the industry really treats addiction as an acute problem — like a rash on your arm that you rub lotion on and you 're done , '' says Eacott .
Instead , Aware treats addiction as a chronic illness — it does n't disappear just because symptoms are temporarily under control . The approach is a cost-effective way of treating addiction , Eacott says , with better results than most competitors achieve .
Aware comes into clients ' homes and connects them with a nurse , a primary care doctor , a therapist , peer support , 12-step meetings and a case manager . Clients hooked on opioids can get medication-assisted treatment . They can also submit to urine screening and GPS tracking , if that helps them stick with the program .
Hannah 's mother , Lois Berkowitz , says the program is intense at first . But as Hannah built coping skills the supports faded into the background .
`` It 's not like they 're doing the work for the addict , '' says Lois Berkowitz , `` they 're just basically taking them by the hand and saying , 'Here are the places you need to go that will help you . And I 'm going to go with you to start , so it does n't feel that uncomfortable . And then we 're going to let you fly . ' ``
Before they `` fly , '' Aware clients have a pretty long runway . The treatment lasts for a full year .
Benefits worth the initial cost , insurer says
Aware has now expanded from its base in Connecticut into New Hampshire . The program is expensive . It costs $ 38,000 a year . As of now , it 's only available to private-pay clients and people insured through Anthem health insurance in New Hampshire and Connecticut .
Anthem became the first insurer to pay Aware , because the treatment is based on hard science that 's yielding solid results for clients , says Dr. Steven Korn , Anthem 's behavioral health medical director . Science and results are rare in addiction treatment , they say .
`` There are old , old notions that have hung pretty tough , '' says Korn . `` When I was young — when I was in training — as soon as substance abuse was mentioned , the response of physicians was , 'Well , go to AA . That 's not our problem . We do n't treat that . ' ``
For a year of treatment , Anthem says it 's paying Aware about the same as the cost of a month or two of inpatient treatment . Anthem also says 72 percent of Aware clients are either sober at the end of one year or still in active treatment .
That 's about twice the sobriety rate of people who check in to a facility for a month and then get no follow-up care , says Dr. Stuart Gitlow , past president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine .
Treating addiction at home makes sense because it 's the exact place where people learned all their bad habits , Gitlow says .
`` It 's all based on this concept that addiction is not about the substance use , '' they say , `` but is about what led to the substance use in the first place . And you ca n't really get there without getting to know the patient . ''
Aware says it 's in negotiations with four more major insurers . The program hopes to have a couple hundred clients in New Hampshire by the end of the year .
This story is part of NPR 's reporting partnership with New Hampshire Public Radio and Kaiser Health News .
Please support Whaleoil .
Click Here to subscribe to an ad-free Whaleoil .
Be part of making sure Whaleoil 's voice continues .
LONDON : Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz ( PML-N ) leader Maryam Nawaz on Wednesday stated that they are ready to face imprisonment as price of the path they have taken .
Outspoken Maryam Nawaz—often pinned as Nawaz Sharif 's political heir-apparent—whole world is witnessing the injustice to which Sharif family is being subjected .
Speaking to media about the imminent verdict in the Avenfield reference in the British capital , the PML-N leader said that they wo n't back down from their struggle and will return to the country even if it means going to prison .
“ When we have decided to go ahead with a mission none has taken up since last 70 years ( of country 's existence ) , the one has to pay the price , ” said Maryam Nawaz .
“ We have appeared in over 100 hearings and will return to Pakistan before general elections 2018 for sure , ” asserted Maryam while regretting biased trial of Panama Papers case .
It is pertinent to note here that an accountability court has reserved its verdict in the Avenfield reference against Sharif family and will announce it on July 6 ( Friday ) .
Rumours were doing rounds that fearing possible arrest or conviction , Maryam Nawaz and their father , former premier Nawaz Sharif , who are in London , may not return to Pakistan .
Maryam , however , said that they will continue their struggle come hell or high water .
They said that their family members have attended at least 100 hearings in the case and “ everyone knows how transparent was the trial ” but they are ready to even go to jail .
About boycotting the upcoming polls , they said that boycott was never an option as they believe in “ fighting till the last ball ” .
“ God willing , PML-N will emerge victorious ( in general elections , ” concluded Maryam Nawaz .
On Kusloom 's health , Maryam informed reporters that Kulsoom Nawaz underwent an extensive surgery and it was expected that they would soon gain conscious .
It is worth here to mention that Maryam 's comment a day after accountability court had reserved verdict in Avenfield reference filed against Sharif family by National Accountability Bureau ( NAB ) .
The verdict will be announced on July 6.—NNI
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Two girls whose sister was killed when their dad smashed their car into a wall are pleading for their release from prison .
Little Olivia Edohasim , nine , died in the back seat of the family car as they and sister Eva , 11 , were being driven to a Saturday morning maths lesson .
Dad Chizoro , a doctor specialising in addiction , was jailed for four years for causing death by dangerous driving and causing injury by dangerous driving .
But Eva , now 13 – who needed abdominal surgery after the crash and spent four weeks in hospital – has written to the court pleading for their father to be allowed home .
They wrote : “ We 're trying to deal with the loss of my sister , me and my dad 's physical and emotional trauma and the rest of my family emotional trauma . ”
And in their own letter , younger sister Serena , eight – who was not in the car – pleaded : “ Please , please , let daddy go . ”
( Image : John Gladwin/Sunday Mirror )
Chizoro , 47 , had failed to brake for a red light while driving at nearly twice the speed limit , careering into a wall as they struggled to keep control .
They were also injured , needing nine hours of surgery on their crushed legs .
The girls ' mum Bethel , 42 , has now launched an appeal , saying of their husband 's sentence : “ Our pain is ten times worse because of this decision . ”
They asked : “ Who is being punished here ? My daughters are being made to suffer . My children and I are the victims in this case – we are bereft , but our views have been completely ignored .
“ Our daughter died in that crash . No sentence could ever punish my husband more than they have punished himself . They are a broken man . ”
( Image : MEN )
Bethel has released the poignant letters written by the girls , in a bid to highlight their daughters ' anguish .
Chizoro , known to loved ones as Barny , was found to have been travelling at 59mph in a 30mph zone . After failing to stop , their car accelerated to 67mph before hitting the wall .
Recalling the crash in May 2016 , Bethel told how the girls ' tutor had called to say they had not shown up .
Moments later Serena , then six , saw three police cars outside their home in Altrincham , Cheshire .
Bethel said : “ They asked about my husband 's car and said there 'd been an accident . I was in shock . ”
( Image : John Gladwin/Sunday Mirror )
Police identified Olivia by the little blue trainers they had been wearing , then told Bethel their daughter had suffered fatal injuries .
Bethel said : “ I collapsed screaming . ”
Eva had been rushed to Manchester Children 's Hospital and Chizoro to Wythenshawe . The mum had to give consent for Eva to be operated on and then , with their husband also in surgery , identify Olivia 's body alone .
They recalled : “ I saw them lying there and I could n't believe what I was seeing . I kept calling them name , begging them to get up , please get up . They did n't respond . ”
To save slowing their recovery , Bethel initially told them Olivia had survived . It was two weeks before they were strong enough to hear the truth .
“ They were inconsolable , ” they said . “ The pain and horror in Barny 's eyes was like nothing I 've seen before . ”
Doctors sent both Eva and their father home after a month . Chizoro was confined to a wheelchair .
Bethel said : “ Barny arrived home then sat in one spot , their head in their hands , and wept for hours .
“ When a man cries like that , you know he 's torturing himself. ” But they do not blame their husband . They said : “ There was no confrontation , not for a second . I know my husband . Their family are everything .
“ He was the man driving the car in which my daughter was killed . Guilt and heartbreak were eating them alive . I held no bitterness toward him .
“ We clung to the thought that God cares for us all , and for a child like Olivia , who is so kind-hearted , they will be in heaven . ”
( Image : MEN )
Three months after the crash , Chizoro was arrested – and ordered not to contact their children for six weeks while a psychiatric review was arranged by social services .
With friends unable to help out due to their disabilities , they stayed at a hotel – at a cost of more than £2,500 .
Bethel said : “ I 've no problem with the police investigating , our daughter 's precious life was lost in that accident . But who were they trying to protect ? My girls had lost their sister and now you 've asked their dad not to come home for six weeks . They cried and cried . ”
In September 2016 , Chizoro was charged and allowed home . Yet it was only last December – more than a year later – that they went to trial .
The delays made it impossible for the family to properly grieve . Bethel said : “ The trial was pushed back three times . How could we process the loss with that hanging over us ? ”
Finally appearing at Manchester 's Minshull Street Crown Court , Chizoro denied the charges .
They claimed their Toyota Auris had faltered in what is known as Sudden Unintended Acceleration – a condition often accompanied by loss of braking power and which can be caused by a mechanical or electrical fault . But there was no evidence the two-year old car had any faults , and Judge Stuart Driver QC found Chizoro had intended to brake but instead hit the accelerator .
Prior to sentencing , Bethel had pinned their hopes on Crown Prosecution Service guidelines that say a family relationship between a victim and offender in dangerous driving cases “ may be a mitigating factor ” . Bethel handed a victim impact statement to the court , urging : “ We have suffered enough as a family . Please let God touch your heart not to compound the problems for me and my two remaining children . ”
On January 26 – 21 months after the crash – Chizoro was sentenced to four years and banned from driving for five years .
Judge Driver told him : “ I accept you were a loving father and this will make a significant difference to your sentence . But the offences you committed were so serious only a substantial prison sentence can be imposed . ”
Still reeling from the shock , Bethel said : “ I used to value the justice system but I 've lost all respect for it . My husband would not deliberately or carelessly put their children 's lives at risk .
“ Who is benefiting here ? Not my children , not myself and not the public . They have given everything trying to make the world a better place .
“ They could have given them a suspended sentence – ­instead , I had to go home and tell my children their daddy has been locked up . They are devastated . ”
As sole parent to their daughters , Bethel has had to reduce their teaching hours , leaving money tight . But they are determined to fight the sentence . Solicitor Karibo Lawson , of Ashcott Solicitors , submitted an appeal this week .
While Chizoro 's motor insurance covered their trial defence , their friends have now begun a crowdfunding page for appealing their sentence . So far , more than £4,000 has been raised towards their £20,000 target .
Bethel vowed : “ We will not stop until they are free , we have to fight for justice .
“ Do n't accidents happen ? The events of that very normal Saturday have destroyed our family 's future . Having Olivia 's father in prison will serve no public good .
“ Visiting them this week in prison left me traumatised . I ca n't take my daughters to see them at the moment . Seeing them so broken would devastate them .
“ Serena asks for their daddy to read their bedtime story every night . When Eva reads comments about their dad , they break down and cries . They love them to death , they have no bitterness . None of us do . ”
■To donate to Bethel 's appeal , visit justgiving.com/crowdfunding/c-anosike
Road death rulings 'lottery '
While Chizoro Edohasim was jailed for four years , many other drivers have seen astonishing lenience .
■Last month Yasser Iqbal , 29 , was jailed for just 15 months at Bradford Crown Court after killing Kenneth Parratt , 71 , in a hit and run . Uninsured Iqbal had previous convictions for driving while banned – on three occasions .
■In April 2016 Anastacia James crashed their car after smoking cannabis – killing their daughter Destiny James-Keeling , 14 , and Megan Marchant , 18 . They got two years for each at Leicester Crown Court , to run concurrently .
■Katie Foster , who was “ texting at the wheel seconds before ” they killed Lee Cain , 36 , was jailed for just seven months at Durham Crown Court in January . Lee 's family said they were “ disgusted ” at the sentence .
■Last month a joyrider aged 15 who drove a stolen car into a tree , killing five passengers – including children aged 12 , 14 and 15 – was told they would serve just two years in a young offender unit , and two and a half on licence . The sister of one said at Leeds Crown Court : “ It 's not even a year for a life . ”
Voice of the Sunday People : Better way to punish doctor dad
It 's difficult to argue against a jail sentence for Chizoro Edohasim .
They were speeding . They ran a red light . They crashed into a wall , killing their daughter who was in the car with him .
The courts found them guilty of death by dangerous driving .
There can be no doubt they did wrong .
But it might be time to have a more sophisticated think about theirs punishment .
No one is suggesting that , because they are a doctor , they should be above the law .
But maybe a four-year prison sentence is not the best thing for him .
This is not a case of jail time to teach them the error of their ways .
They know all about that . As their wife Bethel says , they are ‘ torturing ' himself .
Perhaps there is a way they could carry out their sentence in the community and put their skills as a doctor to use .
The other benefit of that would be to heal the heartbreak of their family .
They are desperate for them to come home , writing letters to the authorities asking them to ‘ let daddy go ' .
After all , at home are two little girls missing their baby sister
And , for the moment , their father is lost to them as well .
On 12 February , RBI ended several forms of loan recast , including strategic debt restructuring ( SDR ) and scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets ( S4A ) , and made the resolution process time-bound . Photo : Reuters
Mumbai : Lenders seeking to comply with the latest rules on recognizing and acting on bad loans have approached the central bank for greater clarity on handling cases already under restructuring , inter-bank coordination and voting on resolution plans .
On 12 February , the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) ended several forms of loan recast , including strategic debt restructuring ( SDR ) and scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets ( S4A ) , and made the resolution process time-bound . It also discontinued the joint lenders ' forum ( JLF ) , an institutional mechanism for approval and implementation of resolution plans .
The new rules stipulate that starting 1 March , lenders must implement a resolution plan within 180 days for accounts of at least Rs2,000 crore , failing which the defaulted borrowers must be referred for insolvency proceedings . These large accounts include those where banks have initiated resolution and are classified as restructured standard assets . Banks are sitting on stressed assets of over Rs10 trillion , of which gross non-performing assets are at Rs8.86 trillion as at end of December .
In other cases , banks get a 180-day period , starting the date of default , to finalize a resolution plan . The account has to be tagged as special mention as soon as there is a default .
Lenders have sought additional time to resolve these accounts instead of pressing on the 180-day deadline , said the first person , a senior official with a large state-owned bank on condition of anonymity .
“ In the case of large accounts , most exposures are through the consortium format . But there are also cases of loans under multiple banking formats . With JLF being dismantled , we have written to RBI on how to go about the resolution process and coordination among different lenders . This is important as banks have to act as soon as there is default even with one lender , and the resolution has to be time-bound , ” said the second person , a senior official of Mumbai-based bank , also on condition of anonymity .
According to Karthik Srinivasan , group head of financial sector ratings at Icra Ltd , the flexibility available through the JLF voting system will no longer be available to banks .
“ While it will be difficult for banks to readily agree to a resolution plan , they will not be left with much choice but find common ground as the haircuts may be steep otherwise , ” they said .
On the resolution plan , two senior officials of leading public sector banks based out of Mumbai said it would help to have a regulatory framework that can be used as template for restructuring proposals entailing reduction in loan rates and haircuts . Since the new framework does not specify how lenders may clear a resolution plan , it is assumed that approval from all banks is required .
“ However , getting all lenders on board is seen as challenging and could lead to delay in decision making , ” the first banker cited above said . Under JLF , decisions agreed to by 60 % of creditors by value and 50 % by number was sufficient for a corrective action plan .
According to analysts tracking the banking sector , with the revised norms , there is a high probability that around Rs1.9-2 trillion of restructured loan pool , including SDR , S4A and others , will be referred to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code ( IBC ) .
The banks are also seeking clarification on certain SDR accounts which are at various stages of implementation because an IBC reference can lead to higher provisioning requirements , the second banker said .
“ Only accounts where SDR has been implemented are governed by the revised framework . There are various stages in SDR post invocation , including but not limited to debt-to-equity conversion and getting on board a new promoter . We should expect some more details on which stage should be taken as reference under the new framework , ” said Udit Kariwala , associate director–financial institutions , India Ratings .
According to new RBI norms , in case the resolution plan involves change in the ownership structure of the defaulting firm , the account should not be in default at any point during the specified period , which is the time between implementation of the plan and the date where up to 20 % of the outstanding principal debt is repaid . If there is a default in the specified period , the account must be referred for IBC proceedings .
Currently , lenders are finalizing resolution plans for 11 of the 12 accounts in RBI 's first defaulter list and referred to bankruptcy court . They are also filing insolvency petitions for some of the 28 accounts which were part of central bank 's second defaulter list .
Gopika Gopakumar contributed to this story .
Camila Cabello believes they would `` probably '' still be in Fifth Harmony and releasing songs on their own if they announced they wanted to do a solo project whilst in the group now .
The 'Sangria Wine ' hitmaker feels their former bandmates - Normani Kordei , Ally Brooke , Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui - have come to learn that it 's not right to `` limit '' someone by not letting them pursue solo projects , and things could have been a lot different if they were to `` break free '' now that other members have branched out .
The 21-year-old singer also suggests that they had n't chosen to quit the group in 2016 , and that they were simply told they could n't be in the band and have a solo career at the same time .
In an interview with Rolling Stone magazine , they spilled : `` I do n't think there was ever a point where I was like , ' I want to leave because I 'm the breakout star . ' We were just really young . If we were in the same situation now , it would probably be fine for everyone to make their own music while being in the group , because I think everyone understands now that you ca n't limit people . That 's why people break free . ''
The 'That 's My Girl ' hitmakers announced in March that they had they decided to go on a break , six years after they formed on US TV show 'The X Factor ' , in order to focus on solo projects .
In a statement , they said : `` Reflecting on the past six years since we started on ' X Factor ' , we 've realized just how far we 've come and we appreciate everything so much , more now than ever .
`` We 've really had one hell of a memorable journey together and ca n't begin to express our gratitude to y'all for coming along with us on this wild ride !
`` After six years gong hard , nonstop , we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you , we do need to take some time for now to go on hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors . [ sic ] ''
The quartet said at the time they were confident their time away from the group will only make them stronger when they reunite .
They continued : `` We are all very excited and grateful to be able to take this time to learn and grow creatively and really find out footing as individuals . In doing this we are allowing ourselves to gain new experiences , strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family . ''
research has Focus zx1 determined that these materials appear to reduce age-associated defic Focus zx1 s. The pleasant food plan for the brain consists of a diffusion of complete grains , culmination , greens , beans , nuts , seeds and meals that comprise omega-three fatty acids . ü in case you drink alcohol , try
http : //supplementlab.org/focus-zx1/
`` We decided to disclose their death to all of our employees and to the public to share the company 's resolve to prevent a recurrence and follow through with reforms , '' NHK said .
Ryoichi Ueda , president of NHK , said Sado 's parents `` hoped we would take utmost efforts so that another such case wo n't happen again . ''
But Sado 's parents criticized NHK 's response as inadequate . In a statement published by the Asahi Shimbun on Thursday , they said they feared that their death would be forgotten and `` wondered if the company would keep hiding it , or why the union kept silent . ''
I parents also asked why the company had not limited their daughter 's working hours .
`` It is an abnormal work situation to work almost every day on Saturday and Sunday , working until late at night every day , so we can not understand why such a situation was overlooked , '' their statement said .
Although they did not immediately publicize their daughter 's death , they said Takahashi 's case had spurred them to publicly discuss it .
They also criticized NHK for not disseminating news of their daughter 's death throughout the company . They said that other employees — even journalists who had reported on other cases of karoshi — did not know that one of their colleagues had died from the condition .
Karoshi , which has included the burden of entertaining clients or bosses in some industries , has long prompted calls for legislation .
The Japan Institute for Labor Policy and Training , in a white paper released last year on the prevention of karoshi , noted that the `` undeniable problems in Japan 's work environment '' were especially detrimental to regular employees younger than 35 .
National guidelines use a threshold of 100 hours of overtime in a month — or an average of 80 hours of monthly overtime in a six-month period — to determine whether a worker is at risk of physical or mental harm . Those guidelines were put forward by a government panel in April , but critics say that more is needed .
In February , the Japanese government and the Keidanren , Japan 's largest business group , introduced an effort dubbed `` Premium Friday '' that encouraged companies to allow workers to leave the office at 3 p.m. on the last Friday of the month .
Only a fraction of companies is participating .
The New York Times
Justin Thomas is the 2017 US PGA champion .
The American carded a closing three-under 68 at Quail Hollow to finish the tournament on eight-under and win their first major by two shots from joint runners-up Francesco Molinari , Patrick Reed , Louis Oosthuizen and 54-hole leader Kevin Kisner .
Rickie Fowler and WGC-Bridgestone Invitational winner Hideki Matsuyama were a further shot adrift on five-under .
It was 24-year-old Thomas ' third win of a remarkable 2017 and comes less than two months after they blew the 54-hole lead at the US Open .
Impressively , they are the third consecutive American under the age of 30 to win a major .
Consecutive majors won by 2 different players 24/younger ( last 2 instances )
1923 : B. Jones/Sarazen
2017 : @ JordanSpieth/ @ JustinThomas34 — Justin Ray ( @ JustinRayGC ) August 13 , 2017
`` I had an unbelievable calmness throughout the week , throughout the day , '' said Thomas afterwards. `` I truly felt like I was going to win . I remember my girlfriend was supposed to fly out at about 7:00 and I was like , `` You need to change your flight to later , because I do n't know , I just feel like I do n't want you to miss this . I feel like I 'm going to get it done .
`` I just was very confident . I did n't get flustered . I felt like I kind of kept everything in
front of me . I know how hard doubles are to make up out here , so I tried to avoid those and was able to make a lot of birdies . It was great . ''
As the son of a PGA professional , Thomas admitted it was extra special to win this particular championship .
`` It was something that obviously as a kid growing up , being a golf fan , you want to win all the majors . You want to win any major , '' they added . `` [ But ] for me , the PGA definitely had a special place in my heart . It 's just a great win for the family , and it 's a moment we 'll never forget , all of us . ''
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on two sets of rape charges and a sex crime charge .
The 66-year-old disgraced producer - who has been accused of sexual harassment by dozens of women in recent months - was taken to court in New York over charges alleging that they raped one woman and forced another to perform oral sex on him .
And after insisting they would n't testify before a grand jury , that same jury has voted to indict - which means they have formally charged them - with first- and third-degree rape , and a first-degree criminal sexual act .
The charges are the same as the ones that were filed by police last week when Weinstein turned themselves in to face arrest after arriving in New York .
DA Cyrus Vance Jr. said in a statement : `` This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged . ''
Vance revealed that an investigation into Weinstein 's alleged crimes `` remains active and ongoing '' , and slammed what they described as Weinstein 's `` recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process . ''
They added : `` We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence , it will reject these attacks out of hand . ''
Upon hearing the grand jury 's verdict , Weinstein 's lawyer Benjamin Brafman revealed the producer intends on pleading not guilty to all charges .
In a statement , they said : `` [ Weinstein ] intends to enter a plea of Not Guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny .
`` We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial , we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
First pictures have emerged of the three children killed in a suspected arson attack on a family home .
The first victim has been named as 14-year-old Demi Pearson , who was found dead at the scene on Jackson Street in Walkden , Salford at 4.58am on Monday .
It is believed the Demi was a pupil at Harrop Fold , which is the school featured in Channel 4 's Educating Greater Manchester .
Police have confirmed they have launched a manhunt for a murder suspect after treating the fire as 'suspicious ' .
Paying tribute to them on Facebook Kirsty Livingstone posted : “ Demi Pearson you are one of the funniest An ( sic ) loving young woman that iv ever got to know ... Im so grateful to have the opportunity to watch you grow from a lil girl to a beautiful young woman ...
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` I ca n't believe your gone ... your cheek face An funny attitude will be missed by everyone who had the opportunity to know you .
“ Fly high angel R.I.P Demi . ”
Amy Wallace added : “ Rest in peace dem , mad how I was only speaking to you the other day , taken way too soon . ”
Megan H The Newest added : “ Wow ca n't believe what I 'm hearing ! Rest in peace Demi Pearson .. so young ! X . ”
Amber Robinson added : “ Rip Demi Pearson , gone far too soon , fly high angel xx . ”
( Image : Steve Allen/Manchester Evening News )
( Image : MEN Media )
( Image : MEN MEDIA )
Tegan Lomax added on Facebook : “ dem such a cruel world . Demi Pearson . ”
Demi Leigh Howarth said : “ Spread them wings and fly high baby girl . ”
Demi Smith , also on Facebook , said : “ Rest in peace angel , was such a nice girl , such a cruel world ! !
“ Thoughts go out to your friends and family 's and your girlfriend . Fly high beaut . ”
An 8-year-old boy and a 7-year-old girl also died in the blaze .
A three-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital . The 35-year-old mother of all the children is in a serious condition in hospital .
The Manchester Evening News reported that police had been called to the house to a reported incident there at around 2am , around three hours before the fire service were alerted to the blaze .
( Image : MEN MEDIA )
( Image : MEN MEDIA )
( Image : Steve Allen/Manchester Evening News )
It is understood that in the earlier incident , the police and the fire service were responding to reports of a wheelie bin at the home being set on fire .
It 's understood that one line of investigation is a possibility that a flammable liquid was poured through the home 's letterbox .
Police told the Manchester Evening News that there were seven people in the address at the time of the fire . There is an active manhunt for a suspect and officers are keeping an open mind as to whether the incident is gang related .
They confirmed that two 16-year-old boys rescued themselves from the fire .
Police also said they had 'physical contact ' with the family 24 hours before the blaze . The incident has been referred to the IPCC . ''
A Manchester Fire spokesperson said : `` We were called at 4.58am to a fire at a mid-terrace house on Jackson Street . Four crews attended . They used six breathing apparatus , three hose reels and a ventilation fan to put out the fire .
`` Fire crews rescued five people . ''
A 200 metre cordon remains around the building , the fire spokesperson said .
The Fate of the Furious enjoyed an excellent extended opening weekend of 5 days at the box office in India . The 8th installment of the Fast and the Furious franchise has raked in approximately 11.50 crores on Sunday and now stands with a grand total of 47.50 crores .
The film has affected the business of Vidya Balan 's Begum Jaan to a great extent . It 'll be interesting to see whether The Fate of the Furious will be able to remain steady in weekdays or not .
The film has performed better than other Hollywood films which released this year in India .
The previous part of the film , Furious 7 collected 110 crores in India , which very much justifies the expectations related to this part . It 'll be interesting to see whether this part will surpass the collections of its previous installment .
Though Furious 8 has received positive to mixed reviews , there is hardly any impact on its box office business .
Apart from India , the film has created many box office records across the globe , especially in China where it collected $ 190 million .
Apart from the ensemble cast of Vin Diesel , Dwayne Johnson , Jason Statham , Michelle Rodriguez , Tyrese Gibson , Chris Bridges , Nathalie Emmanuel , Kurt Russell , Scott Eastwood and Helen Mirren , Academy Award winner Charlize Theron features as a fierce villain named Cipher , who has the technology to hack into the world 's computerized cars in this 8th installment of action franchise film .
The film has shot around different locations across the world including Mývatn , Havana , Atlanta , Cleveland and New York City .
Written by Chris Morgan and Gary Scott Thompson , The Fate of the Furious is directed by F. Gary Gray , who has previously helmed movies like Straight Outta Compton , Law Abiding Citizen and The Italian Job .
Fast and Furious 8 is produced by Neal H. Moritz , Vin Diesel and Michael Fottrell .
HARTFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) — In many ways the last 24 hours before the tax deadline is much like the night before Christmas with last-minute shoppers .
However , this kind of procrastinating can end up with penalties and fines .
Tony Rivera has seen it all . They stand outside Liberty Tax Services across from the Jackson Hewitt blue monkey dancing and spinning and guiding the last minute filers into their office .
“ They are too busy and they wait to the last minute , and it 's too bad because everybody ends up scrambling , ” Rivera said .
For the tax preparers inside , like Xiana Clarke , they say their job is sometimes more like a counselor then accountant as they try and soften the blow .
“ Usually the people that are coming now are the people who have to pay money , so you 're getting those kinds of people , so there 's a lot of panic ? Oh yeah , ” they said .
Geneva Hankerson of Hartford dropped their taxes at the post office to be mailed out to Uncle Sam . They breathed a sigh of relief as they walked away from the mailbox .
“ It 's kind of a panic , because you know there 's a deadline and when the deadline comes in is when everybody is going to try and drop there 's off . ”
Keep in mind , some of the major post office branches will be open later than normal to accept tax returns right up until the very last minute .
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday , but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned . Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 ( 5 ) , 7-6 ( 8 ) , 1-6 , 5-7 , 6-2 win .
`` At two sets all , it was difficult in my head , and physically , too , '' said Chardy , who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches . `` I fought hard , all my body was shaking . ''
___
3:25 p.m .
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament .
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar , the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-4 , 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time .
Djokovic , who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year , is the 20th-seeded player in Paris , their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open .
___
3:10 p.m .
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years .
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence , winning their first-round match at the French Open , they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister , Venus .
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan .
The American siblings , owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles , received a wild-card entry . They have n't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016 .
Serena Williams had n't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017 . They gave birth to a daughter last September .
___
1:20 p.m .
Marco Trungelliti 's long , strange trip as a French Open `` lucky loser '' has come to an end with a second-round exit .
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros , then drew headlines for making the 10-hour , 650-mile ( 1,000-kilometre ) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother , mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw .
They then won their first-round match .
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1 , 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours .
Still , Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros ( about $ 90,000 ) in prize money — and a great story to tell .
___
12:50 p.m .
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games , beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6 , 6-1 , 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open .
It was the last match of the tournament 's opening round .
Halep , the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago , played poorly in the first set , with only four winners and 16 unforced errors . But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way , while Riske made more and more mistakes .
___
12:30 p.m .
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open , making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0 , 6-4 win on Court 1 .
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand , their playing hand .
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012 .
___
12:20 p.m .
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States .
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier , Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second , which they eventually took 6-1 .
Halep , the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago , cleaned up their game in the second set , with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener . Riske , meanwhile , had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set .
___
12 p.m .
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open , losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States .
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set .
In their only previous meeting on clay , in Rome in 2015 , Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3 , 6-0 victory . But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time .
___
11:20 a.m .
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open , with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women 's first round .
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms .
Halep , a two-time finalist at Roland Garros , needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No . 1 ranking . They won both of their previous matches against Riske .
On the men 's side , 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round .
The second-seeded players in both the men 's and women 's draws , Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki , will also be in action .
___
More AP tennis coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A 51-year-old man is to stand trial accused of the murders of two nine-year-old schoolgirls in Brighton more than 30 years ago .
Russell Bishop appeared before a judge at London 's Old Bailey via video link over the killings , with their arms crossed and resting their head in their hand .
They have pleaded not guilty to the charges against him .
Friends Nicola Fellows and Karen Hadaway were found dead in a park near their homes in the East Sussex town in October 1986 .
( Image : The People )
( Image : The People )
( Image : PA )
The pals went missing and their bodies were discovered in bushes in Wild Park , near the Moulscoomb estate , the following day .
Bespectacled and balding Bishop appeared in custody via video link before Mr Justice Edis for a plea hearing at the Old Bailey .
They wore a black and white striped T-shirt .
They spoke to confirm their name and , when asked to enter pleas to the two murder charges , replied : `` Not guilty ma'am . ''
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : The People )
They are accused of killing Nicola and Karen on October 9 , 1986 .
The senior judge has set a trial at the Old Bailey for October 15 this year .
The case is expected to go on for six to eight weeks .
Bishop was remanded back into custody . Mr Justice Edis authorised some matters discussed at the hearing to be published .
Who actually shot down the plane is the question but the weapon was Russian , a new report has been released and Dr Keith Suters has read it and explains it to us .
Listen to the podcast here .
http : //www.2hd.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Podcast-with-Brent-Bultitude-and-Dr-Keith-Suter-31052018-1.mp3
http : //www.global-directions.com/
Dr Suter is an experienced , professional and awarded presenter renowned for explaining complex global and business issues in a way their audiences can digest and understand . They are in demand as an MC and conference facilitator . Keith 's tailored keynotes , workshops , facilitated sessions are entertaining , highly compelling and always captivating .
Image source By Darren Koch – http : //www.airliners.net/photo/Malaysia-Airlines/Boeing-777-2H6-ER/1776608/L/ , GFDL 1.2 , https : //commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php ? curid=18056688
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Celebrities ' riders have long been used to flag up which stars are the biggest divas in their industry – think Mariah Carey 's demands that their backstage dressing room contains 'no harsh lighting ' , or Justin Bieber 's refusal to travel by road on their recent India tour .
And while our homegrown celebrities might not seem quite so bad in comparison , there are still plenty of demands British stars make during the course of their work .
But it 's not the likes of Prince Harry or Emma Watson hitting the headlines for their out-there requirements - but the stars of Celebrity Big Brother .
Recently exited housemate Trisha Paytas dropped a big hint over the weekend that Sarah Harding was getting `` special treatment '' inside the house .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In a YouTube video posted to their channel over the weekend , Trisha blasted the Girls Aloud singer and threatened to 'expose ' them
Speaking in their video , Trisha said : `` By the way it has n't been ... you know what I wo n't even say . Something has n't been revealed on the show that I know about Sarah Harding . Nothing too personal but all I know is she 's in for a rude awakening when they come out of that house . ''
They went on : `` I have so much inside information on them I 'm not going to say it , because they do n't expose it .
( Image : YouTube/blndsundoll4mj )
( Image : YouTube/blndsundoll4mj )
`` The s * * * they do in that house is shady as f * * * and they cater toward Sarah and it 's some shady-ass s * * * that would not fly in America , that 's all I 'm going to say about that . ''
A CBB spokesperson declined to comment when approached , but it would n't be the first time a housemate has rubbed their co-stars ' noses in it by being given certain allowances .
Katie Price , for example , was reportedly allowed to sneak in their personal hairdresser to give their wash and blowdries multiple times a week , when the cameras in the Diary Room would be turned off to give them some privacy .
( Image : Channel 5 )
( Image : Channel 5 )
And Patsy Kensit - who was reportedly given spray tans during their time in the house - alluded to the stars ' special treatment in their exit interview , telling the audience : `` We all had things that we could do . Everyone had a little bit of a rider .
`` I was n't the only one who had something done to them . ''
Meanwhile , Chloe Ferry was allowed to leave the house before their eviction for a previously scheduled work commitment - namely filming scenes for Geordie Shore , something former housemate Nicola McLean blasted earlier this year .
( Image : Channel 5 )
( Image : Channel 5 )
`` Chloe got to leave because she 'd already committed to filming Geordie Shore , '' Nicola said .
`` I must admit , after a couple of glasses , a few of us were fuming because , regardless if you tell us you 're not getting anything from the outside world , you are . ''
Nicola also claimed that Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag were treated differently from the rest by being given posh bedding and first dibs at mealtimes .
( Image : Channel 5 )
( Image : Channel 5 )
`` Spencer Pratt got special cotton sheets , and insisted on them and Heidi being served food before the rest of us , so that no one else touched it , '' Nicola explained .
As yet there 's no suggestion that Sarah is being treated better than the other housemates .
Celebrity Big Brother continues tonight at 9pm on Channel 5 .
Highly touted high school quarterback Justin Fields plans to attend Georgia next year .
Fields is from Harrison High School in Kennesaw , Georgia . They announced at a pep rally at the school Friday their nonbinding verbal commitment to the Bulldogs . According to 247Sports ' composite rankings of the major recruiting analysts , Fields is the No . 1 overall player in the country .
Fields verbally committed to Penn State late last year , but backed off that in the spring . They had taken official visits to Alabama and LSU .
Fields adds more intrigue to No . 5 Georgia 's quarterback situation . Five-star recruit Jacob Eason started last season as a first-year student , but first-year student Jake Fromm took over when Eason got hurt in this season and has played well . All three could be on the roster by spring .
Neil Datar
February 9 , 2017
Over the past week media outlets have covered Santa Clara University 's Student Senate vote on Turning Point USA .
The Student Senate of Santa Clara University voted against the approval of Turning Point – 10 in favor and 16 opposed . The decision came after input from a diverse range of constituent voices for and against the approval of Turning Point USA .
During the senate deliberation , senators for and against the approval of Turning Point were given the floor to voice their opinions . The final decision was a product of a rigorous , fair , and democratic voting process . Turning Point has the right to request a judicial appeal , and this process will take place in the next few days .
The student senate is democratically elected ( five representatives for each of the four classes ) . As chair of the senate I appointed our eight at-large senators , bringing the total to twenty-eight ( two of whom did not vote on Turning Point due to being absent ) .
The student body of SCU elected its senate for the purpose of making difficult decisions like the one we made on Turning Point . None of the media outlets publishing on Monday and Tuesday reached out to me or any other member of our executive cabinet . Instead of doing their due diligence and reporting on the complexity and integrity of Senate 's process , national media outlets like the Daily Caller and National Review opted for partial coverage and half-truths , seeking to use cheap one-liners as a substitute for nuanced journalism .
Let me be clear , the Santa Clara students who presented for Turning Point were professional and respectful toward senate and the rest of the audience . Santa Clara has given the democratically elected senate the authority of club approval .
Finally , I would like to reach out directly to those who feel disappointed by this decision : our student senate still works for you . While not satisfactory to all , this decision was a product of the democratic process in action . That process requires that we listen to every student who wishes to be heard .
The vote was not unanimous . If a flip of four votes had occurred in support of the club , Turning Point would have passed . Despite the media 's portrayal of senate , many senators believed that TPUSA should be given a chance .
As a student government organization that seeks to empower every student on campus , we will continue to open new doors of opportunity for dialogue . In doing so , we will represent and assist all students , always .
Neil Datar is chair of the student senate in the Associated Student Government .
UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Congress president Rahul Gandhi . Photo : PTI
New Delhi : The Delhi high court on Monday directed Young Indian Pvt . Ltd , in which Congress president Rahul Gandhi and their mother Sonia Gandhi are major stakeholders , to deposit Rs10 crore in the Rs249.15 crore income tax proceedings against it .
A bench of justices comprising S. Ravindra Bhat and A.K . Chawla directed the company—earlier summoned along with Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi as an accused by a trial court in the National Herald misappropriation of assets case—to deposit half the amount with the income tax ( I-T ) department before 31 March and the remaining by 15 April .
The high court said subject to deposit of the amount , the tax authorities shall not enforce the demand of Rs249.15 crore made on the company for the assessment year 2011-12 . The high court also sought the I-T department 's response on Young Indian 's ( YI ) plea challenging the demand and the proceedings emanating from it and listed the matter for further hearing on 24 April .
YI , which was incorporated in November 2010 with a capital of Rs50 lakh , had acquired almost all the shareholding of Associated Journal Ltd ( AJL ) , the owner of the National Herald newspaper . Senior advocate Arvind Datar , appearing for YI , told the court that it will have extreme difficulty in raising Rs10 crore and sought that the amount be fixed at Rs7.5 crore . They said the amount was being collected from contributions by individuals , and it would , therefore , be tough to get more money .
They also urged the bench to allow the company to deposit the amount in court , saying it was extremely difficult to get a refund from the I-T department . Advocate Ashish Jain , representing the I-T department , opposed the oral pleas made on YI 's behalf and said the company had to actually deposit Rs49 crore , 20 % of the demand , for its appeal to be heard .
The bench refused to grant both the pleas made orally on behalf of YI and directed it to deposit Rs10 crore with the I-T department . The amount was required to be deposited if YI 's appeal against the demand was to be heard by the I-T authorities . The high court also directed the tax authorities to expeditiously hear YI 's appeal against the assessment order . YI has approached the high court seeking a direction to stay the recovery of the demand of tax and interest of Rs249.15 crore , raised following a notice of 27 December , 2017 issued under section 156 of the I-T Act for the assessment year 2011-12 . It has also challenged the order of the I-T authorities rejecting the firm 's application and sought a stay on the direction to pay Rs49.83 crore , that is 20 % of the total disputed outstanding demand .
A 2017 office memorandum of the central board of direct taxes ( CBDT ) prescribes a deposit of 20 % of the disputed income tax demand by taxpayers for obtaining a stay pending disposal of the matter by the Commissioner of I-T ( Appeals ) .
Earlier , the aggrieved taxpayer had to deposit only 15 % of the disputed I-T demand before approaching the CIT ( Appeals ) . BJP MP Subramanian Swamy , in a private criminal complaint filed before a trial court , had accused the Gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just Rs50 lakh , through which the YI had obtained the right to recover Rs90.25 crore which the AJL owed to the Congress party .
YI , in its plea , has claimed that it was a charitable company and does not have any income and the income tax authorities have wrongly raised a demand of Rs249 crore for the assessment year of 2011-12 . It has contended that the tax demand was “ patently untenable ” and the I-T officer had over-assessed the properties of the firm .
On 26 June , 2014 , the trial court had summoned the Gandhis and others as accused persons as well as Young Indian . The Gandhis and the other accused—Motilal Vora , Oscar Fernandes , Suman Dubey and Sam Pitroda—had denied the allegations levelled against them . On 7 December , 2015 , the high court rejected their pleas for quashing the summons issued against them by the trial court in the case .
On 19 December , 2015 , the trial court had granted bail to Sonia Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi , Vora , Fernandes and Dubey , who had appeared before it pursuant to summons . Pitroda was granted bail on 20 February , 2016 , when they had appeared in the court .
The Gandhis , AICC ( All India Congress Committee ) treasurer Vora , AICC general secretary Fernandes , Dubey and Pitroda were summoned for the alleged offences of dishonest misappropriation of property , criminal breach of trust and cheating read with criminal conspiracy of the IPC . The I-T department 's move to issue the notices followed its probe on Swamy 's complaint alleging that the Gandhis had misappropriated AJL 's assets while transferring their shares to the newly formed Young Indian .
According to I-T records , 83.3 % of Young Indian was held by Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi , 15.5 % by Vohra and the remaining 1.2 % by Fernandes .
KNOXVILLE , TENN. -
A Tennessee woman 's video of their tearful son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers .
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post Friday they had just picked up their son , Keaton , from school because they were too afraid to go to lunch .
In the video , Keaton said other students call them ugly , make fun of their nose and tell them they have no friends . They said milk was poured on them and ham was put down theirs clothes .
“ Just out of curiosity , why do they bully ? ” Keaton said . “ What 's the point of it ? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them ? It 's not OK .
“ People that are different do n't need to be criticized about it . It 's not their fault . If you are made fun of , just do n't let it bother you . ”
The video had more than 18 million views as of Sunday , and a crowdsourcing page for Keaton 's future education had raised more than $ 29,000 .
“ We all know how it feels to want to belong , ” Jones said in their post , “ but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere . ”
On Twitter , Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game , while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said they and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school .
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time they come home to their native Knoxville , they want to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize .
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter they want Keaton to “ add me to your long list of friends , ” and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton “ has a friend for life ” and that “ love is the only way to beat hate . ”
During a survey by officers of Hat Noppharat Thara-Mu Ko Phi Phi National Park today ( October 4 ) , '' We found a lot of fire jellyfish near Gai Island and we have warned all tour boats to be careful of them and avoid diving in the area as they are poisonous and can leaving painful stings if you swim into them , '' said Chief of Hat Noppharat Thara-Mu Ko Phi Phi National Park , Worapot Lomlim.I would like to warn all swimmers to be careful when getting in the water . If you get stung , apply vinegar , warm water , or rush to hospital if you suspect you may have allergies . I also emphasized to all tour boats to always bring vinegar and first aid kits onboard for every trip . ''
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal 's website with one of the following subscriber options :
Monthly Subscription - $ 5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
Quarterly Subscription - $ 15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
Annual Subscription - $ 30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL : If you 're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail , email us at calhouncountyjournal @ gmail.com
Fact-Checking Matt Damon 's Clean Water Promise In A Super Bowl Ad
YouTube
In a new Super Bowl ad , Matt Damon makes a bold promise : Buy a limited-edition Stella Artois chalice and your money will help give a clean water supply to someone in the developing world for five years .
The ad , called `` Taps , '' reminds viewers that water is something we take for granted . Around the world , 844 million people do not even have a basic service providing water to their homes , according to the World Health Organization .
`` If just 1 percent of you watching this buys [ a chalice ] , we can give clean water to 1 million people , '' says Damon in the ad . ( That 's based on typical viewership for Super Bowl ads : in the 111 million neighborhood . )
The 30-second spot was purchased by Stella Artois ( estimated price tag : $ 5 million ) . It 's part of an ongoing partnership between the beer giant and Damon 's nonprofit group , Water.org , whose mission is to provide access to clean water and sanitation in the developing world .
This year , there are three chalices available for sale on Amazon for $ 13 , with $ 3 in proceeds from each purchase going to Damon 's charity . The beer glasses are imprinted with designs by artists from India , Mexico and the Philippines , countries where Water.org currently works .
So what exactly does that $ 3 buy ? Can it really bring clean water to one person for half a decade ? Skepticism surfaced on Twitter .
Why does my city water cost 30 bucks a month when the price of a beer mug will buy 5 yrs worth ? — John Zavinski ( @ JohnZavinski ) January 30 , 2018
This does n't explain the correlation between the chalice and the water . Like how could buy one chalice fund all that ? To me it just means Stella Artois wo n't help until we buy something . — Trumpet Wom ' ( @ trumpetgrrrl ) January 30 , 2018
Even water specialists were n't clear on how the numbers were calculated .
To learn more , we interviewed researchers and spokespeople for Water.org
What does Water.org do ?
Despite its name , Water.org does n't actually provide water to people in the developing world . So your $ 3 wo n't go directly toward , say , the delivery of jugs of water or the building of a well .
To fulfill its mission , the nonprofit has set up a custom microlending system called WaterCredit . The group partners with financial institutions in developing countries to lend people small amounts of money so they can pay to get water . That might mean buying a faucet and hiring a contractor to tap into water supplies or buying containers to catch rainwater .
Giving people that kind of choice is a good thing , says Annie Feighery , a co-founder of mWater , a digital platform that water nonprofits use to measure the impact of their work . The group has worked with Water.org for four years .
For a long time , charities would try to fix a community 's water problem by digging wells and then leaving , they say . But the wells would often malfunction and become contaminated within a year , and they cost a lot to maintain . Today , wells are seen as an `` old-fashioned approach that we now call the dig-and-ditch model , '' they say .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jes Aznar/Getty Images Jes Aznar/Getty Images
Although in some cases , wells are still a reasonable option . Families who live miles away from a clean drinking water source can take out a loan to pay for the construction of a deep borehole well , which siphons clean water deep in the ground , or a large container to catch and store rainwater . According to the World Health Organization , harvesting rainwater generally provides good quality water .
Is $ 3 enough to cover those kinds of expenses ?
Not exactly .
When someone buys the chalice from Stella Artois , $ 3 does indeed go to Water.org .
According to Water.org 's calculations , that $ 3 equals five years of clean water for one person in the developing world . To come up with that number , the group counted up the number of people it helped get water from 2014 to 2016 — roughly 3.3 million — and then divided that figure by the sum of the group 's organizational costs in the same time period : $ 42 million . ( The data is available in the charity 's financial statements on their website . )
And the answer is : $ 12.50 to give one person access to water .
In this formula , the infrastructure for their water would last about 20 years . Based on these calculations , the $ 3 from the Stella Artois chalice , says Water.org , would provide five years of clean water .
But that does n't mean the loans are only $ 3 .
In fact , the average loan taken out by a borrower from local financial institutions , in partnership with Water.org , is about $ 300 .
According to Water.org , 99 percent of the borrowers pay it back . To date , the group says they have given out 2.2 million loans . When people repay the loan , the money gets lent out to others in the community , creating a multiplier effect , says Julie LaGuardia , a spokesperson for Water.org .
`` Sometimes in marketing efforts one needs to over-simplify to make reasonable promises to donors , retailers and investors , '' says John Oldfield , a principal at the Washington , D.C.-based advocacy group Global Water 2020 . `` But it 's a good appropriate claim for the start of the conversation around clean water . ''
Asked about the discrepancy between the $ 3 and the $ 300 figures , Melanie Mendrys , a spokesperson from Water.org , says , `` I do n't consider that a discrepancy . I know that the $ 3 does in fact help a woman or a family get access to the money needed to get water or a toilet . ''
They do not think the ad is misleading . `` It 's an opportunity for people to learn more and once they do they get really excited , '' they say . `` We just reached ten million people who received water or sanitation from our efforts . We know what we 're doing is working and we 're excited to reach more . ''
And specialists do think the loan is a good approach .
`` What 's novel about WaterCredit is that the loan is being provided for a home improvement , '' says Jenna Davis , an associate professor in the department of civil and environmental engineering and a senior fellow at the Woods Institute for the Environment at Stanford University . They have looked at the evidence around the Water.org 's business model .
A tap or some containers to catch rainwater does n't sound like much , but it can have a significant impact for low-income families . `` In many parts of the developing world , people were paying more for water in a month , for example , buying bottled water , than would be needed to pay a regular monthly bill if they had a piped connection , '' says Davis . Research has shown that for low-income households , the obstacle to installing the hardware or other connections is the cost , they say .
Would n't it be more efficient if Stella Artois just gave a few million to Water.org instead of buying a Super Bowl ad ?
That was another question raised on Twitter : Why could n't Stella just have forked over the money to Water.org ?
`` It 's important to remember that this is a Stella ad just as much , if not more , than a Water.org ad , '' says Jason Wojciechowski , creative director of Corelab , an agency that runs digital campaigns for nonprofits like Oxfam , Save the Children and Global Witness .
Wojciechowski doubts that a Game Day ad alone would rake in a `` ton of money '' for the charity . The group would need to combine it with aggressive fundraising and social media campaign efforts over a long period of time .
But they do think the ad will provide another service to the Super Bowl audience : planting the seed that change is possible . `` Showing people that they have agency , responsibility and a role to play , '' they say . `` The idea that there 's something people can do to end the water crisis . ''
