ROANOKE , Va. - People are n't the only ones that may have trouble with fireworks .
Roanoke City Animal Control says the fourth and fifth of July are its busiest days of the year . According to Pet Amber Alert , the Fourth of July is known as the number one day that pets go missing .
If you 're a pet owner and still want to celebrate the holiday :
Keep your pet inside .
Stay with them as much as possible .
Keep it on a leash with contact information in case the pet escapes .
`` We are incredibly slammed and I can not stress enough to people how important it is to really stay with your pet and keep an eye on them , '' said Emma Hanes , a Roanoke City animal warden .
Hanes ' own dog has serious issues with fireworks , so during the holiday , they give it a mild sedative prescribed by a veterinarian .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
A Gulfport family is grieving after a fire swept through a home on 42nd Avenue , claiming the life of Sandra Beverly .
× Expand Image courtesy The Bowery Presents
Singer , dancer and producer Todrick Hall 's colorful , brazen music and parody videos have brought them both fame and criticism . But whatever their critics say about him , few question their talent , their energy or the quality of their work . That 's why Beyoncé had them choreograph one of their videos — “ Blow , ” from 2014 's “ Beyoncé ” — and why Taylor Swift wants you to know that she 's their friend .
Their new album , which dropped March 27 , is called “ Forbidden ” and shares its name with their tour , coming to The National on April 28 at 8 p.m .
$ 19 to $ 29 . 708 E. Broad St .
804-612-1900 or thenationalva.com
© Metropolitan Police
London police have arrested two men after a man was held hostage in a horrific two-day kidnap ordeal . A criminal gang allegedly stripped the victim , beat them up , threatened them with knives and a gun , and later robbed their parents ' home.The 24-year-old victim , from the London borough of Croydon , was lured into a house by two male acquaintances on December 4 after they had spotted them wearing a Rolex watch.The gang then forced them to call their parents and asked for a ransom . When their parents said they could not pay , their son was forced to hand over keys to their home and two of the gang allegedly burgled the property.Two suspects can be seen on CCTV footage released by the Metropolitan Police , as they entered the victim 's parents ' home in Sydenham on Wednesday , December 6 . A large sum of cash , designer handbags , sunglasses and more Rolex watches , worth `` a significant sum , '' were stolen.The footage shows one suspect , described as a black man with dark facial hair and wearing a high-viz jacket over a parka , spotting the camera . They return with an accomplice , wearing an orange high-viz jacket , to enter the property , both men covering their faces.The suspects were questioned by South London police , who sayThe victim managed to escape after they were driven to their bank to withdraw money . Police believe the alleged attackers stayed in the car by the Metro bank in North End ( Croydon ) to avoid having their faces recorded on CCTV , which allowed the victim to escape . They fled to a nearby church , Croydon Minster , where they pleaded for help and police were then called.Detective Sergeant Samuel Bennett said in a statement : `` This was a vicious and prolonged attack of a nature that , thankfully , is very rare . It has left the victim utterly distraught and traumatized . We are urgently seeking any information on the other individuals involved , who we believe could number up to twelve , but particularly those whose images and details we have released , notably the two men who showed up at the address in high visibility vests . `` `` These men are dangerous and it is important that we apprehend them before they can target anyone else , '' they added .
Complaints about parking charges more than doubled in the last year according to the latest figures released by consumer advice website , Resolver .
The research found that 2,748 people complained to Resolver about their parking fines in the last financial year . This was an increase of 111 per cent on the previous year ( 1,300 ) .
However the latest findings do not fully depict the scale of charges of council land as individual councils are responsible for these fines .
People do n't realise they have a right to complain
With 1,405 parking fine complaints made from April 2017 alone , Resolver expects this trend to continue .
James Walker , founder of Resolver says , “ We 've seen a huge increase in complaints about private parking fees over the last few years at Resolver .
“ Yet the vast majority of people we speak to still tell us that they did n't realise they had any right to make a complaint , felt intimidated into paying up , or were just so angry about their experience they did n't want to deal with it . ”
They add , “ So if you feel that you 've not been treated fairly due to a parking charge , do n't give up – it 's not hard to make a complaint . ”
In total Resolver has received 5,663 complaints about private parking companies since the service began in September 2014 .
Resolver 's private parking tips
1 . Do n't stick your head in the sand . Private parking companies will increase their charges if you do n't pay up . Act quickly and tell them to suspend charges while you formally complain .
2 . Do n't pay up straight away . But do tell the firm you 're going to appeal . It 's often harder ( but not impossible ) to get your cash back after you 've paid . But do n't assume the firm has no right to charge you . Deal with the situation head on .
3 . Gather evidence . The pay and display sign forms part of your contact with the parking firm . If it 's unclear , hidden , overgrown , vandalized , etc , you can argue you were misled . Take photos , write down everything you can remember , get witnesses if need be .
4 . Give the human touch . We 've seen shocking cases , from midwives at hospitals being ticketed while helping expectant mothers to people rushed in to hospital being charged for not being back to their cars in time . Parking firms are n't charities . But explain why you were n't able to pay in time or return to the car .
5 . Tell the landowner . Parking companies are working for the landowner . If their contractor is being overbearing or intimidating , they need to know about it .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Commentary : Austin – Senator José Rodríguez released the following statement regarding the rate case filed by the El Paso Electric Company . The new rate case includes solar provisions substantially similar to those in its 2015 rate case . Sen. Rodríguez was outspoken in their opposition to those provisions * and has similar concerns regarding the solar provisions in the newly-announced rate case .
I 'm disappointed that El Paso Electric insists on discouraging people from installing solar on their homes . The electric company once again wants to single out solar customers by increasing their rates at least two times the amount of their non-solar neighbors . Solar customers will no longer be able to save on their electric bills , which was the reason they installed solar panels in the first place . Frankly , the energy bill uncertainty alone will significantly stifle solar ; what new customer would install solar panels today if they ca n't predict what their future energy savings will be , if any ? During the last rate case , the company would n't even agree to grandfather current solar customers into their current rates . These customers invested in solar expecting to pay for their systems through reduced electric bills . It 's just unfair to now unilaterally change the rules for these customers .
I strongly believe these anti-solar proposals contradict the intent of Senate Bill 1910 , which I passed in 2011 to authorize solar net metering in El Paso Electric 's service territory .
El Paso Electric ignores the positive contributions residential solar brings , like reduced grid demand during sunny months . As solar grows , it could reduce electricity bills for all ratepayers by reducing the need to construct new , expensive power plants and transmission infrastructure — the costs for which are borne by the ratepayer .
* See e.g. , the Senator 's letters to City Council dated Nov. 18 , 2015 ( http : //interchange.puc.state.tx.us/WebApp/Interchange/Documents/44941_303_873542.PDF ) and to the Public Utility Commission of Texas , Jan. 22 , 2016 ( http : //interchange.puc.state.tx.us/WebApp/Interchange/Documents/44941_629_879918.PDF )
* * *
José Rodríguez represents Texas Senate District 29 , which includes the counties of El Paso , Hudspeth , Culberson , Jeff Davis , and Presidio . They represent both urban and rural constituencies , and more than 350 miles of the Texas-Mexico border . Senator Rodríguez currently serves as the Chairman of the Texas Senate Democratic Caucus , and is a member of the Senate Committees on Agriculture , Water and Rural Affairs ( Vice Chair ) ; Natural Resources and Economic Development ; Transportation , and Veteran Affairs and Border Security .
`` First , it is better to avoid demonizing the Deep State , which is perceived by many in Moscow as the center of world evil and the stronghold of the pathological haters of Russia . Of course , most of the State Department or the CIA officials , the Congress staff , experts from the main think tanks are not Vladimir Putin 's fans . But these people , at least , have considerable experience of interaction with Moscow and can hardly be considered stubborn paranoids , exalted conspiracy theorists or genetic Russophobes . Deep State consists of rationally thinking professionals , who are always easier to deal with than romantic amateurs are . With all its shortcomings , it is the Deep State that limits Donald Trump 's most exotic and potentially most dangerous foreign policy oddities .
Second , it 's time to change the attitude toward the Democratic Party leadership . For some reason ( probably because of inertia ) the Barack Obama administration is constantly remembered in Russia in the worst possible way , with the two latest presidents constantly juxtaposed . How is Obama bad , and Trump is good ? The stubborn facts show otherwise . For example , Obama pursued a consistent policy of rapprochement with Iran , and Trump returned to the most severe pressure on Tehran . Obama followed the international consensus on the status of Jerusalem , and Trump destroyed this consensus . Obama did not resort to direct military action against Bashar Assad , and Trump did not hesitate to give an order to launch missiles against the Syrian Al- Shayrat airbase . Well , who after all created more problems for Russia - Democrats or Republicans ? ''
Deciphering The `` Deep State ''
Debunking The Dreams Of Democrat Rule
Concluding Thoughts
Pakistan 's debt-ridden federal government has stopped work on the three CPEC road projects for which China has stopped the funding , a leading Pakistani newspaper has reported . The work will resume only once the Chinese money comes in .
Leading Pakistani daily Dawn reported that the country 's Minister for Planning and Development Ahsan Iqbal confirmed to the 22-member Parliamentary Committee on CPEC that the works on the three road projects had been stopped .
However , the committee , in a press release on Monday evening , went to great lengths to send the message that the projects had not been abandoned . The statement however ended up underlining the inability of the financially strained Pakistan government from carrying on with the work .
`` The meeting was informed that contrary to the speculation in the media , the reports of shelving three infrastructure projects is not correct , rather , Chinese side was reviewing the financial mechanism of these projects and these would be started upon receipt of approval from the Chinese side , '' read the statement .
Pakistan 's unwillingness , or inability , to carry on with the road projects could be seen as an indication of it sliding further into a spiral of Chinese debt . Global experts have warned of that China 's CPEC diplomacy may be a debt-trap . That came true , and was on open demonstration on December 9 , when Sri Lanka handed over control of the Hambatota Port to China as it was unable to make repayments on the Chinese loan .
China had stunned Pakistan on November 20 by stopping the funding for the three projects . The stop-funding announcement sparked speculation on whether it was retribution for the limited spine that Pakistan had showed .
In the run up to China 's decision to stop the funding , Pakistan had snubbed Chinese officials twice . First , it had refused Chinese CPEC funding for the Diamer-Bhasha Dam in Pakistan-occupied Kashimr ( PoK ) , saying the China 's terms were against Pakistan 's interests . Next , the Pakistanis had refused to allow the Chinese to trade in the yuan at the Gwadar Port .
China had told Pakistani officials that corruption in CPEC projects was among its top concerns . However , the European Foundation for South Asian Studies ( EFSAS ) , an Amsterdam-based think tank , had said in an analysis that China 's moves are aimed at taking responsibility for CPEC out of the hands of the civilian administration and put it in the hands fo the Pakistan Army .
South Carolina football head coach Will Muschamp speaks to the media before the Spurs Up Tour event in Columbia Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , at Williams-Brice Stadium . Gavin McIntyre gmcintyre @ thestate.com
YouTube will now add a label to videos that come from state-funded media outlets , the Google-owned company announced on Friday.A notice will appear under the videos for any outlets that received some level of government or public funding . `` News is an important and growing vertical for us and we want to be sure to get it right , helping to grow news and support news publishers on YouTube in a responsible way , '' Geoff Samek , senior product manager for YouTube News wrote in a blog post published on Friday . `` This work follows a series of changes we made throughout 2017 to better surface authoritative news content . `` Company spokespeople said some labels will appear as soon as Friday , but added that the initiative is still new and developing.In an example on the YouTube blog , a video from Radio Free Asia -- which is funded by the US ' agency , the Broadcasting Board of Governors -- includes a note with an information symbol under the video but right above the title.Other outlets affected include PBS and the Russian-funded network , RT.Spokespeople for YouTube said they consulted with third-party groups to draw up the list of outlets that will receive the label . It 's not clear yet whether videos from certain shows such as Sesame Street , which airs on PBS , will also be labeled on YouTube.The spokespeople also defended its decision to direct users to Wikipedia articles about the various broadcasters . Though Wikipedia articles can be edited by anyone , the spokespeople said theyYouTube , along with other internet and social media companies , have faced increasing criticism over the past year for how they selectively filter content that comes from questionable sources , and those that promote propaganda or conspiracy theories.A spokesperson for PBS pushed back YouTube 's latest move , saying labeling `` PBS a 'publicly funded broadcaster ' is both vague and misleading . `` `` PBS receives a small percentage of its funding from the federal government ; the majority of funding comes from private donations , '' the spokesperson said . `` More importantly , PBS is an independent , private , not-for-profit corporation , not a state broadcaster . YouTube 's proposed labeling could wrongly imply that the government has influence over PBS content , which is prohibited by statute . If YouTube 's intent is to create clarity and better understanding , this is a step in the wrong direction . We are in ongoing discussions with YouTube on this issue , but we have yet to reach a satisfactory solution . `` For RT , which has 2.2 million subscribers on its YouTube channel , the label is the latest in a series of obstacles the network faces in the United States as concerns grow over Russia 's meddling in American politics.In November , the Department of Justice forced RT to register as a foreign agent after the broadcaster was singled out in a intelligence community report issued early last year about Russia 's attempts to influence the 2016 US election.RT furiously protested DOJ 's decision and in retaliation , Russian President Vladimir Putin signed amendments into law , passed by the Russian parliament in November , that will list foreign media outlets in Russia as `` foreign agents , '' which could open foreign media outlets up to harsh audits and possible closure . Russian officials also sent letters to news organizations in Russia that are backed by the US government , warning them of possible `` restrictions . `` RT did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment.Part of Russia 's new restrictions might include labeling content from American government-funded outlets like Radio Free Europe , Radio Liberty and Current Time television as coming from a `` foreign agent . `` The BBG did not immediately respond to a request for comment regarding the new YouTube label .
HUDDERSFIELD , England — Huddersfield says head coach David Wagner has signed a contract extension to stay at the Premier League club for three more years .
Wagner , their assistant Christophe Buhler and first-team coach Andrew Hughes all signed new deals that will keep them at the club until 2021 .
The trio all had 12 months left on their previous contracts , and Wagner had been linked with bigger clubs after an impressive debut season in the Premier League .
However , the German-American said `` the decision to extend my stay at this club was not a difficult one . ''
George Brandis will take over from Alexander Downer as UK High Commissioner .
George Brandis will take over from Alexander Downer as UK High Commissioner .
Former attorney-general George Brandis is finally , officially off to London .
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop on Tuesday announced their former colleague will take over from Alexander Downer as UK High Commissioner .
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced late last year they would be recommending the former senator for the post , after widespread speculation .
Hanauma Bay visitors got a rare sighting of a Hawaiian monk seal on Thursday .
The monk seal appeared just before 7 a.m. , swimming along the shore and lounging on the sand .
The seal did n't have a tag , but the state Department of Land and Natural Resources believes it could have been Rocky , the monk seal who raised their pup at Kaimana Beach over the summer .
Meanwhile , a viewer captured video of Rocky 's pup attracting a crowd of tourists on Oahu 's north shore .
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration crews relocated Kaimana in August .
Officials ask that people continue to keep a safe distance from the monk seals .
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now . All rights reserved .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump 's top aides will huddle Tuesday to discuss whether or not the U.S. should remain part of the Paris Climate accord — a global effort to cut down on climate-warming carbon emissions .
Officials will be discussing their options , with the goal of providing a recommendation to the president about the path forward , according to an administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity , despite the president 's criticism of the use of anonymous sources .
The non-binding international agreement was forged in Paris in December 2015 and allowed rich and poor countries to set their own goals to reduce carbon dioxide . It went into effect last November after it was ratified by countries , including the U.S. and China .
Trump 's top advisers are currently divided on the issue , with some , including Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt , eager for the U.S. to leave the deal .
Advertisement
“ Paris is something that we need to really look at closely , because it 's something we need to exit , in my opinion , ” Pruitt said in an interview with Fox News Channel 's “ Fox & Friends ” last week . “ It 's a bad deal for America . It was an America second , third or fourth kind of approach . ”
Trump pledged during their campaign to pull out of the Paris accord , but has wavered on the issue since they won the presidency .
They told the editorial board of The New York Times in an interview last year that they are , “ looking at it very closely… . I have an open mind to it . We 're going to look very carefully . ”
Under the agreement , the U.S. pledged to reduce its annual greenhouse gas emissions in 2025 by 26 to 28 percent below 2005 levels , which would be a reduction of about 1.6 billion tons of annual emissions . Besides continuing Obama 's efforts to reduce U.S. heat-trapping gases , Trump has two general options .
One option is to pull the United States out of the non-binding agreement , which Obama enacted without U.S. Senate ratification . It typically takes countries four years to pull out of new international treaties , but because Obama enacted the accord as part of the 1992 Rio de Janeiro treaty , Trump could pull out of the older , broader treaty in one year .
Another option is to just do nothing . Trump could publicly badmouth the treaty , but not formally withdraw from it . If the U.S. stays part of the agreement , which 125 nations or groups of nations have already ratified , and fails to reach its goal , technically nothing happens . There is no climate court , no enforcement action .
And because the agreement already went into force , nothing the United States can do — even pulling out — can nullify the accord . It is in effect .
Nonetheless , a withdrawal or public announcement that the U.S. is abandoning its efforts to fight human-made climate change could spark repercussions individually from other nations , said Nigel Purvis , who was the top U.S. State Department environmental diplomat when George W. Bush pulled out of the 1997 Kyoto climate treaty .
“ Any sign that the administration would not be serious will provoke an international reaction that would undermine the administration 's foreign policy , ” said Purvis , an international attorney who served in Democratic and Republican administrations . Other countries , they said , take climate change seriously and could retaliate in trade deals or tariffs or balk on negotiations over international security costs .
Trump has already reversed some former President Obama 's efforts to scale back carbon emissions to try to halt climate change , including restrictions on coal plants and drilling .
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer has said the president will make up their mind on the Paris agreement before a summit of the Group of Seven leading industrial nations in Taormina , Italy in late May .
___
Follow Colvin and Borenstein on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/colvinj and https : //twitter.com/borenbears
© REUTERS/ Ibraheem Abu Mustafa
A total of 177 Palestinians have been injured in a new wave of clashes with the Israeli servicemen in the West Bank and in the Gaza Strip , mostly due to the use of tear gas , local medical organizations told Sputnik.According to the Palestine Red Crescent Society 's figures , a total of 164 Palestinians were injured in the clashes that took place in the West Bank on Friday.Meanwhile , palestinian militants fired a projectile from the Gaza Strip targeting the territory of Israel , the press service of the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) said on Friday . `` Moments ago , following sirens that sounded in the Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council , a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip at Israel was identified , '' the statement read.Earlier in the day , the Israeli Air Force hit a Hamas observation post in the Gaza Strip in response to a rocket shelling from the enclave against Israel.Rocket launches from the Gaza Strip have intensified following US President Donald Trump 's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel on December 6 , 2017.For decades , Israel has been in conflict with the Palestinians , who have been seeking diplomatic recognition for their independent state on the territories of the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , which are partially occupied by Israel , and the Gaza Strip . Tensions between Israel and Palestine have flared up after US President Donald Trump announced in December that the United States would recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and relocate the US embassy to the city from Tel Aviv . Since then , the clashes between Palestinians and the Israeli forces take place on almost everyday basis .
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia ( AP ) — Saudi Arabia says it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom next year , for the first time in more than 35 years . It 's the latest move as part of the young crown prince 's efforts to socially reform the country .
The kingdom says a resolution was passed on Monday paving way for licenses to be granted to commercial movie theaters . Movie theaters were shut down in the 1980 's during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country .
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has pushed for greater social openings , including lifting a ban on women driving next year and bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment to satiate the desires of the country 's majority young population .
The government says the first cinemas are expected to open in March 2018 .
© unknown
with Devin Nunes in the Klaatu role , roiling the Earthlings into a frothy hysteria as they attempt to defend their puny empire of errand boys , grocery clerks , and elected buffoons . At dawn 's early light , we await The Memo.The New York Times was running veritable Chinese fire drills on its front page this morning denouncing The Memo in advance , shrieking about the end of the Republic , with the laughable caveat that ... `` None of this is to say the F.B.I . and the rest of the federal law enforcement apparatus should be immune from criticism or reform . '' The Times editorial did not go into any detail about what exactly might invite that reform - like perhaps one top-rank agent telling another one that the `` loathsome '' president had to be gotten rid of at all costs.The casual observer - say , one who is immune to the charms of Donald J. Trump - ca n't fail to notice that there is a bit more smoke emanating from the upper echelons of the FBI than has yet been seen in the sludgy narrative called `` Russian Meddling in the 2016 Election . '' Going into two years of that yarn , Meddled how ? For all the `` we now know '' talking points uttered by Grand Inquisitor Rachel Maddow , it seems to me that we now know next to nothing about `` collusion '' between Russians and Trump , while we know a great deal about the indelicate behavior of FBI officers in important positions with grave responsibilities - government agents with the power to wreck lives - who cooked up an enormous hysteria in the body politic.The situation certainly puts the nation in a quandary.which appears to have been hijacked by politically interested parties - namely , the minions of Hillary Clinton . You have been reminded here before that history is the supreme prankster.In any case , it appears that the FBI , in the hallowed words of Ricky Ricardo , has got some 'splainin ' to do . Recall , it was not so long ago that the FBI was run by a cross-dressing maniac addicted to blackmail , so let 's not act as if the agency was something that the Lord Yahweh brought into being on the fifth day of creation , after the lobsters and the cockateels.CNN reminded viewers relentlessly last night that The Memo was sure to be a disappointment , a `` nothingburger , '' for a nation that expects a righteous half-pound beef patty with lettuce , tomato , pickle , and special sauce on a sesame bun . Personally , I expect something more like a three-day-old dead carp in a plain brown wrapper . Maybe `` the Resistance '' will try to make gefilte fish out of it , which is a burger of sorts : chopped meat , anyway.who has been rooting around in the same burger den as the House and Senate committees , questioning the same cast of characters.The whole nasty gumball of suspicion and innuendo seems destined to climax in a constitutional crisis . Ludicrous as it seems - like some rogue army out of the stupid Star Wars epic - the `` Resistance '' bethinks itself the nation 's savior .
Kim Yong Chol , foreground , a former military intelligence chief who is now North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's top official on inter-Korean relations , arrives at Beijing airport in Beijing Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 .
Madoka Ikegami , AP
BEIJING – A top North Korean official headed to New York on Wednesday for talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim Jong-un and President Donald Trump on the future of Kim 's nuclear program , in the North 's highest-level mission to the United States in 18 years .
Associated Press reporters saw Kim Yong Chol at Beijing 's airport just after noon . South Korea 's Yonhap news agency cited diplomatic sources as saying that Kim was on an Air China flight to New York that departed later Wednesday afternoon .
Yonhap said Kim , who had arrived in Beijing on Tuesday , was traveling with five other North Korean officials .
Kim , one of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's most trusted aides , is a former military intelligence chief and now a vice chairperson of the ruling party 's central committee .
North Korea 's mission to the United Nations in New York is its sole diplomatic presence in the United States . That suggests Kim might have chosen to first go to New York because it would make it easier for them to communicate with officials in Pyongyang , North Korea 's capital . North Korea and the United States are still technically at war and have no diplomatic ties because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice , not a peace treaty .
More : New book : Insider 's account of North Korea reveals why Trump may be forever disappointed
More : Trump and aides : We 're meeting to re-schedule Kim Jong-un summit
Trump confirmed Tuesday that Kim was to hold talks with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo . But it was n't immediately known what else they would do in the United States . South Korean media speculated that they were carrying a personal letter from Kim Jong-un and may push to travel to Washington to meet with Trump .
Pompeo has traveled to Pyongyang twice in recent weeks for meetings with Kim Jong-un , and has said there is a “ shared understanding ” between the two sides about what they hope to achieve in talks . South Korean media speculated that Pompeo could make a third trip to Pyongyang after Kim Yong Chol 's U.S. trip .
Trump and Kim Jong-un were set to hold their summit June 12 in Singapore , but Trump announced last week that they were pulling out of the meeting . Since then , they have suggested the summit could be back on , and Kim Yong Chol 's trip to the U.S. seems to imply that preparations for a meeting could be in the final stages .
Kim Yong Chol 's trip comes amid two sets of other pre-summit talks between Washington and Pyongyang .
A team of U.S. officials led by former U.S. nuclear negotiator Sung Kim began talks with North Korean officials at the Korean border village of Panmunjom on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit .
A North Korean delegation led by another of Kim Jong-un 's trusted aides , Kim Chang Son , flew to Singapore on Monday night for talks with U.S. officials to discuss logistical issues for the summit . Details of those talks had n't emerged yet .
North Korea 's flurry of diplomatic activity following a torrid run in nuclear weapons and missile tests in 2017 suggests that Kim Jong-un is eager for sanctions relief to build their economy and the international legitimacy the summit with Trump would provide . But there are lingering doubts on whether Kim will every fully relinquish their nuclear arsenal , which they may see as their only guarantee of survival in a region surrounded by enemies .
While there have been a few instances in which countries were persuaded to abandon their nuclear ambitions in exchange for sanctions relief and compensation , none of the cases are directly applicable to North Korea , which has advanced its nukes further and with greater zeal than any of the others . The North 's arsenal now includes purported thermonuclear warheads and developmental long-range missiles potentially capable of reaching mainland U.S. cities .
But South Korea , which has lobbied hard for the talks between Trump and Kim , has insisted that Kim can be persuaded to abandon their nuclear facilities , materials and bombs in a verifiable and irreversible way if offered credible security and economic guarantees .
China , North Korea 's longtime ally and chief trading partner , has sought to position itself as a key intermediary in talks over Pyongyang 's nuclear weapons program . Beijing backs the North 's proposal for a phased and synchronized denuclearization process , while the United States insists on a comprehensive one-shot deal in which North Korea eliminates its nukes first and receives rewards later .
Russia said Wednesday that its foreign minister , Sergey Lavrov , will travel to North Korea for talks on Thursday .
Kim Yong Chol would be the highest-level North Korean official to travel to the United States since 2000 , when Vice Marshal Jo Myong Rok visited Washington and met President Bill Clinton amid warming ties between the wartime foes . Secretary of State Madeleine Albright made a historic reciprocal visit to Pyongyang later in 2000 in a bid to arrange a North Korea visit by Clinton . Ties turned sour again after President George W. Bush took office in early 2001 with a tough policy on the North .
Kim Yong Chol 's official title is a vice chairperson of the central committee of the ruling Workers ' Party . Previously , they were a four-star army general and a military intelligence chief who is thought to have been behind two deadly attacks in 2010 that killed 50 South Koreans and an alleged 2014 cyberattack on Sony Pictures . Both Seoul and Washington imposed sanctions on them in recent years .
–––
Kim reported from Seoul , South Korea .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–St . Francis ( Pa. ) -Niagara Box
ST. FRANCIS ( PA. ) 93 , NIAGARA 87 , OT ST. FRANCIS ( PA. ) ( 4-5 )
Kuzavas 3-5 2-2 8 , Braxton 9-17 5-6 24 , Wolford 5-8 3-3 16 , J.King 10-15 4-4 26 , Gaskins 2-5 1-2 5 , Flagg 1-1 0-0 2 , Wallace 1-2 0-0 2 , Harmon 1-7 2-2 5 , Meredith 1-3 2-6 5 . Totals 33-63 19-25 93 .
NIAGARA ( 4-6 )
Robb 7-10 3-7 17 , Prochet 3-10 0-0 8 , Dukes 7-17 9-11 25 , Scott 7-16 6-8 22 , Tate 3-7 0-5 8 , G.King 1-1 0-0 2 , Kuakumensah 0-1 0-0 0 , Towns 1-4 0-0 3 , Larkin 1-2 0-0 2 . Totals 30-68 18-31 87 .
Halftime_St . Francis ( Pa. ) 47-33 . End Of Regulation_Tied 78 . 3-Point Goals_St . Francis ( Pa. ) 8-15 ( Wolford 3-6 , J.King 2-2 , Harmon 1-1 , Meredith 1-2 , Braxton 1-3 , Gaskins 0-1 ) , Niagara 9-26 ( Tate 2-4 , Dukes 2-6 , Prochet 2-6 , Scott 2-7 , Towns 1-3 ) . Fouled Out_Tate , Wolford . Rebounds_St . Francis ( Pa. ) 35 ( Braxton 12 ) , Niagara 34 ( Robb 9 ) . Assists_St . Francis ( Pa. ) 10 ( Harmon , J.King 3 ) , Niagara 17 ( Dukes 11 ) . Total Fouls_St . Francis ( Pa. ) 25 , Niagara 18 .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
New Delhi : Renowned Hindi poet Kedarnath Singh passed away on Monday evening at the AIIMS hospital here . They were 83 .
Kedarnath , best known for their poetry collection titled Akaal Mein Saras , was a recipient of Sahitya Akademi Award ( 1989 ) and Jnanpith Award ( 2013 ) . Their contribution to Hindi literature of the decades earned them admirers , fans , accolades and countless love .
Born in 1934 in a village called Chakia in Uttar Pradesh , Kedarnath completed their graduation from Varanasi and went on to study M.A and do their Ph.D from Kashi Hindu Vishwavidyalaya . From a young age , they had shown a talent for simplistic yet striking poetry . Among their many notable works are Bagh , Abhi Bilkul Abhi , Zameen Pak Rahi Hai and Yahan Se Dekho .
NEW Socceroos boss Bert van Marwijk has taken their first training session after taking over ahead of the 2018 World Cup as Australia prepare for international friendlies against Norway and Colombia .
Training in Oslo ahead of Saturday morning 's game against Norway – live on Fox Sports 503 from 3.30am AEDT – Dimi Petratos , Andrew Nabbout and Aleksandar Susnjar met the squad for the first time .
LIVE stream the Socceroos v Norway Friendly on FOX SPORTS . Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes . SIGN UP NOW >
Just four players absent – with Tomi Juric and James Troisi restricted to laps and Tom Rogic and Matt Jurman yet to arrive in camp – as the Dutchman addressed their team for the first time before the 45 minute session , where they also demonstrated a different style to predecessor Ange Postecoglou .
“ It 's hovering around 2 degrees when the Bert van Marwijk era officially got underway , ” said Fox Sports ' man on the ground from Oslo Daniel Garb .
“ The Dutchman took their first training session as Socceroos coach alongside their assistant coach and son-in-law Mark van Bommel .
Camera Icon Bert van Marwijk with their coaching staff at their first Socceroos sesssion . Picture : Supplied
“ He was quite hands-on was Van Marwijk , certainly more so than their predecessor Ange Postecoglou as they try to formulate a system and a game plan for their players just three months to go until the World Cup . ”
By contrast , Postecoglou acted as an ever-present observer during sessions , bar for specific tactical exercises – with assistant coaches Ante Milicic , Peter Cklamovski and Josep Gombau in charge of organisation and drills .
But with time lacking , Van Marwijk 's hands-on approach even extended to setting out the cones as they insisted quick ball movement from their players in their first session to prepare for the World Cup .
Van Marwijk has just three more training sessions before facing Norway , with a couple more to follow before the Colombia game .
Garb added in their report from training for Fox Sports News : “ For a first up session it was relatively intense and [ Van Marwijk 's ] constant message was to move the ball quickly – this was the theme of their first Socceroos session .
Camera Icon Tim Cahill during Bert van Marwijk 's first Socceroos sesssion Picture : Supplied
Camera Icon Socceroos players during Bert van Marwijk 's first sesssion Picture : Supplied
“ There will be no easing up as well , they say he 's confident in this group of players and their ability to perform the tactical plan they want .
“ He says he 's confident at getting through the group of France , Denmark and Peru . The only thing they say he 's up against is time . This training camp will be critical with getting these players up to speed with what they want with the first friendly in Norway on Saturday morning Australian time . ”
Two players vying for starting spots for the two March games are Josh Risdon and Aziz Behich , with Van Marwijk expected to return to a 4-2-3-1 formation .
“ It 's going to be competitive this week in training , ” Risdon said in camp .
“ Everyone is going to want to play these two games to make a good first impression .
“ That 's good for the team . Training will be sharp and get us ready for the games . ”
Behich added , speaking about the Norway and Colombia games : “ I think they 're going to be a great test for us and I think we 're going to be in good shape leading into the World Cup .
“ We 're going to go into each game to win . That 's why we play .
“ We 've got a good group , I think all the boys are playing at high levels , and there 's no reason why we ca n't get the job done in these two games . ”
Camera Icon Aaron Mooy and Dimi Petratos during Bert van Marwijk 's first sesssion Picture : Supplied
Britain Football Soccer - Chelsea v Manchester United - FA Cup Quarter Final - Stamford Bridge - 13/3/17 Chelsea 's Eden Hazard has a shot at goal Reuters / Eddie Keogh Livepic EDITORIAL USE ONLY . No use with unauthorized audio , video , data , fixture lists , club/league logos ...
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte gave short shrift to media reports linking Eden Hazard with a move to Real Madrid and said the midfielder has recovered from a calf injury to play in Saturday 's Premier League match against Crystal Palace .
Hazard has been a key part of Chelsea 's title push this season , scoring 11 goals and providing four assists , and the Belgian 's sparkling form has sparked interest from Real Madrid .
`` The only thing that I can say to Eden is just to play . We are happy with him . They are happy with us , '' Conte told reporters .
`` This ( rumours about Real ) is part of the game , to create difficulty in the mind of the player . ''
The 26-year-old Hazard missed Chelsea 's game against Stoke City this month and Belgium 's World Cup qualifier against Greece due to a calf injury .
`` I 'm confident ( he 'll be fit ) , not just to play but to play very good , '' Conte said .
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table with 10 games left , but Conte is not taking the remaining fixtures for granted .
`` At this time of the season , there are a lot of difficulties to overcome . There are 10 games to go and our opponents do n't want to accept that Chelsea are champions , '' the 47-year-old Italian added .
Chelsea eked out a narrow 1-0 win over Crystal Palace in the reverse fixture in December and Conte expects another tough encounter .
`` I remember the game against them earlier this season very well . We must pay great attention as in the last three games they won and in the last few games they are sixth ( on form ) . ''
Captain John Terry could make a league appearance for the first time since November as Conte said the 36-year-old defender had trained with the team this week .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
The Honorable J Harvie Wilkinson III , associate justice of the Fourth US Court of Appeals in Richmond , Virginia , will speak for Constitution Day . They will draw on their recent memoir , `` All Falling Faiths : Reflections on the Promise and Failure of the 1960 's , '' which will be available for purchase . Judge Wilkinson will make timely observations about the current political climate based on their experiences . The Constitution Day address is cosponsored by the Henry H Fowler Program and the Turk Pre-Law Program .
BUFFALO , N.Y. - A new study by researchers at the University at Buffalo provides a groundbreaking look at how advance care planning medical orders inform emergency medical service ( EMS ) providers ' experiences involving people with intellectual disabilities .
Most states in the U.S. have programs that allow terminally ill patients to document their end-of-life decisions . In New York , the Medical Orders for Life-Sustaining Treatment form ( MOLST ) allows individuals to document what measures health care providers , including EMS providers , should take near the end of a patient 's life .
Studies suggest that this approach to person-centered advance care planning can alleviate a dying patient 's pain and suffering , according Deborah Waldrop , a professor in the UB School of Social Work and an expert on end-of-life care . Yet little research on end-of-life decision-making has been done on the growing population of older Americans with intellectual disabilities , which the American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities defines as a disability characterized by significant limitations in learning , reasoning , problem-solving , and a collection of conceptual , social and practical skills .
Waldrop and Brian Clemency an associate professor of emergency medicine in the Jacobs School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences , authored one of the first scholarly examinations of how pre-hospital providers assess and manage emergency calls for patients who do not wish to be resuscitated or intubated . Jacqueline McGinley , a doctoral candidate in UB 's School of Social Work , joined their research team and served as first author for their most recent work .
Through a series of interviews with five different emergency medical service agencies in upstate New York , the researchers asked EMS providers specifically how forms like the MOLST shape what they do in the case of someone with an intellectual disability .
`` The best available research before our study suggested that as of the late 1990s , fewer than 1 percent of people with intellectual disabilities had ever documented or discussed their end-of-life wishes , '' says McGinley . `` But with this study , we found that about 62 percent of the EMS providers we surveyed had treated someone with an intellectual or developmental disability who had these forms . ''
That disparity points to the need to illuminate this understudied area of how people with intellectual disabilities are engaging in end-of-life discussions , according to McGinley .
They say the EMS providers ' charge is to follow protocol by honoring the documents , their directions and organizational procedures . The MOLST , as its name implies , is a medical order that providers are professionally bound to respect . Their procedures are identical for all emergency calls involving someone who is imminently dying regardless of a pre-existing disability , the study 's results suggested .
`` We heard from providers who wrestled with the unique issues that impact this population , including organizational barriers when working across systems of care and decision-making for individuals who may lack capacity '' says McGinley .
There are approximately 650,000 adults age 60 and older in the U.S. with intellectual disabilities , according to Census Bureau figures from 2000 . Demographers expect that figure to double by 2030 , and triple within the foreseeable future .
Person-centered advance care planning specifically involves the individual in discussions about their health history , possible changes to their current health status and what future options might be available in order to best inform that person 's end-of-life decision-making .
The results , published in the Journal of Applied Research in Intellectual Disabilities , suggest that medical orders largely favor efforts to prolong life . This may be due to a reluctance to discuss advanced care planning in this population . Still , this sociocultural context must be strongly considered as future research explores how people with intellectual disabilities engage in end-of-life discussions .
Since January 2016 , Medicare pays for patients to have advance care planning conversations with medical providers . In fact , at least once a year , as part of a service plan through the state , people with intellectual disabilities have face-to-face discussions with their service providers , according to McGinley , who notes the importance of this built-in opportunity to have conversations about serious illness and the end of life .
`` What 's most important in all of the work we do knows that people can die badly , '' says Waldrop . `` We know we can make changes that illuminate some of the uncertainties and improve care for people who are dying . Knowing how forms , like the MOLST , are applied in the field is an incredible step in the right direction . ''
# # #
Last Word : Take it from POTUS , kids : Sex is risky
Photo : Victor J . Blue / Bloomberg Adult-film actor Stormy Daniels and their lawyer , Michael Avenatti , ...
Take it from the president , kids : Sex is risky
Sure , American teenagers have defied countless attempts to teach them to abstain from sex . But have they ever had a teacher as famously schooled in the consequences of promiscuity as President Trump ?
The thrice-married Trump is the latest and least personally qualified Republican president to boost spending on abstinence education . Their Health and Human Services Department last week announced up to $ 61 million to prevent teen pregnancy not through research-based education about safety and contraception , but through programs that contrive to discourage sex altogether — a strategy totally unburdened by evidence of success or by practice on the part of the chief executive .
The new government guidelines advise that randy youngsters be reminded of sex 's propensity to entail pregnancy , illness or “ sociological , economic and other related risks ” — language that is anodyne but broad enough to encompass such remote but demonstrated contingencies as imperfectly concealed six-figure payoffs to porn stars .
Josh Gohlke , editorial writer
Raise a glass — or bottle — to three newcomers to the Salt Lake City bar scene .
One offers craft cocktails and a wine tower in an industrial setting . Another has Asian inspirations with a devilish name . And the last features a casual beer-bar setting from a name we already know .
Here 's a snapshot of what you 'll find at West Side Tavern , Purgatory and Lake Effect .
West Side Tavern and Cold Beer Store
For many years , the Utah Brewers Cooperative beer store has been a favorite place to pick up cold brews produced by Squatters and Wasatch . Now , instead of just buying beer to take home , customers can sit down in a 30-seat tavern , enjoy a drink and watch the bottling and canning line in action through large glass windows at one end of the bar . There are 24 beers on tap as well as higher-alcohol beers in bottles . Wine and spirits also are available . There 's a small menu with appetizers — including Squatters ' legendary Buffalo wings — a soup of the day and sandwiches . The tavern opened last December , but was only able to sell beer that was 4 percent alcohol by volume ( that 's 3.2 by weight ) . Last month , it received a club license from the Utah Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control and `` now customers can drink all the beers we produce , '' said Doug Hofeling , the UBC 's chief operating officer . 1763 S. 300 West , Salt Lake City ; 801-466-8855 . Open Monday-Saturday , 10 a.m. to 10 p.m .
BUENOS AIRES Oscar-nominated actor Viggo Mortensen called Argentina 's president a `` neoliberal braggart '' on Wednesday in a video supporting leaders of the national film industry who fear funding cuts .
Actors , directors and producers in Argentina have been protesting a decision by the government of center-right , austerity-minded President Mauricio Macri to fire the head of the national film institute .
`` State film-support systems in countries such as Argentina and France are unique and successful examples of cultural development admired around the world , '' Mortensen , a New York-born Danish-American who lived in Argentina for part of their childhood , said in Spanish in the video on the Twitter account of the Argentina Association of Actors .
Culture Minister Pablo Avelluto asked last week for the resignation of Alejandro Cacetta , director of the National Institute of Cinema and Audiovisual Arts , or INCAA , for what they called suspicion of irregular expenses .
The decision was sharply criticized by the country 's film community , spurring the protests .
Addressing Macri , Avelluto `` and all the other neoliberal braggarts , '' Mortensen said : `` No to the destruction of Argentine cinema . ''
A spokesperson for the Culture Ministry told Reuters that the government was trying to make INCAA more transparent and had no intention of modifying funding for film development .
The actors association and other industry leaders say funding , fed by taxes on movie ticket sales and cable operators in Argentina , will fall with new telecom regulations that will redirect tax revenues .
Mortensen , 58 , is best known for playing Aragorn in the `` Lord of the Rings '' films and was nominated for best-acting Oscars for `` Captain Fantastic '' this year and `` Eastern Promises '' in 2008 .
Some Argentine films have gained recognition abroad in recent years , including `` The Secret in Their Eyes , '' which won an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film in 2010 .
( Writing by Caroline Stauffer ; Editing by Peter Cooney )
OPENING emergency stopping lanes to traffic on a busy stretch of the Kwinana Freeway will put police officers and other emergency services works in danger , warns the WA Police Union .
The RAC also has raised concerns about the $ 47 million “ smart freeway ” plan and wants assurances that the safety of motorists wo n't be jeopardised in emergency situations by “ all lane running ” .
Construction starts later this year on converting the emergency lane on a 5km stretch of the Kwinana Freeway , from Canning Highway to the Narrows Bridge , into a fourth traffic lane to provide capacity for up to 2000 extra vehicles an hour .
It 's claimed the project , the first of its kind in WA , will reduce journey times by “ up to 10 minutes ” for drivers travelling from Roe Highway to the CBD , but there are concerns vehicles that breakdown or have an accident may have to stop in a live running lane if they can not make it to an emergency bay .
WA Police Union acting president Brandon Shortland said the union had not been consulted and called on the McGowan Government to reassess the plan “ as it will not doubt result in a range of near-misses and potentially life-threatening injuries to our police officers and other emergency service workers ” .
“ While we understand the Government has a role to play in solving congestion issues on our roads , it is completely unacceptable to put the lives of our officers at risk , ” they said .
Camera Icon Could open emergency lanes ease Kwinana Freeway 's traffic issues ?
“ Allowing normal traffic flow on this lane may result in a more leisurely drive during peak periods . However , when our members have to use the hard shoulder for numerous reasons such as pulling over an unsafe driver , the smart technology — purported to be safe — will not act fast enough to keep our members from danger .
“ Vehicle stops rarely last longer than five minutes so expecting peak-hour traffic to be diverted from an entire lane within seconds is farcical . ”
In the UK , which pioneered the concept , extra lay-by areas are now being retrofitted after accidents and near-misses .
Adrian Di Lallo , operations manager at AAAC Towing , said dedicated emergency stopping bays on Kwinana Freeway would make it safer for tow-truck drivers responding to accidents and breakdowns . St John Ambulance also did not raise concerns .
RAC general manager corporate affairs Will Golsby said the organisation had sought details on strategies to ensure safety of motorists in emergency situations .
Main Roads WA said there would be about six emergency stopping bays , equipped with CCTV and roadside assistance phones , every 500-700m . In the event of an accident or breakdown , an incident response vehicle would be dispatched , spokesperson Dean Roberts said .
“ Smart freeways are not a new concept and , as well as providing congestion reduction , they have also been successful in reducing accidents in many parts of the world , ” they said .
Transport Minister Rita Saffioti said the Police Union 's concerns had not been raised with them personally . They said Main Roads had consulted the emergency services .
A driver-education campaign will be launched ahead of the smart freeway 's opening in early 2020 .
Two men who went missing in a remote part of WA at the start of the month have turned up safely at a police station .
Marcus Byers , 41 , and George Hotker , 52 , left Esperance on June 30 intending to drive to Alice Springs .
On Sunday they told a friend they were at Loongana on the Trans Access Road heading towards the remote Blackstone community but an alarm was raised on Wednesday afternoon when they failed to arrive .
Mr Byers and Mr Hotker arrived in Laverton at 10.30pm Wednesday and told police they were safe .
They told police their journey was delayed due to the wet road conditions and they were unable to contact anyone due to their remoteness .
Mumbai : Ranbir Kapoor is back and how ! The hunk of an actor has showcased their passion for their craft by pulling off a spell-binding performance as Sanju in the teaser for the Sanjay Dutt biopic directed by Rajkumar Hirani .
The teaser of the much-awaited film was unveiled on Tuesday and it has left viewers in complete awe . Ranbir not only looks Sanjay Dutt but also behaves like one ! The actor has absorbed Sanju 's body language and dialogue delivery style .
It certainly would n't have been an easy role to play given the fact that the film 's narrative spans over 3 decades and Ranbir has had to sport over 6 different looks .
The film fraternity has gone gaga over the teaser and Ranbir 's act in it .
Here 's taking a look at some of the mind-blowing reactions :
I am overwhelmed , shocked , stunned . Raju Hirani saheb Your teaser of “ Sanju “ is nothing short of a miracle . Hats off ! ! ! — Javed Akhtar ( @ Javedakhtarjadu ) 24 April 2018
This is unbelievable ! ! Only Respects to all .. ! ! Amazing work sir ! ! # RanbirKapoor https : //t.co/gthdaVTbst — Suriya Sivakumar ( @ Suriya_offl ) 24 April 2018
Being a @ duttsanjay fan since childhood .. this gave me goose bumps .. hats off to you @ RajkumarHirani sir .. n Ranbir .. ur outstanding .. wish u all lots of success ! ! # SANJU https : //t.co/cZRMkpaQQS — Nikitin Dheer ( @ nikitindheer ) 24 April 2018
Saw the teaser of # Sanju -MIND BLOWING .. awaiting this biopic from @ RajkumarHirani the best director in India . I was told Ranbir Kapoor stars in this film .... but I did n't see him ! ! ! कहाँ था रणबीर ? ? ? ? — Riteish Deshmukh ( @ Riteishd ) 24 April 2018
The most revered director of our time with the most gifted actor of our time . # Sanju https : //t.co/ijheb34kAO — Ayushmann Khurrana ( @ ayushmannk ) 24 April 2018
Omg the teaser of ‘ Sanju ' so intriguing ! Ca n't wait to watch ! ! ! # SanjayDutt # RanbirKapoor — Shraddha ( @ ShraddhaKapoor ) 24 April 2018
Like I always believed - Ranbir Kapoor 's time will come back . Well it Has & HOW ! ! # Sanju Teaser is just phenomenal & it clearly shows the hard work put in from RK 's end to embody Sanjay Dutt completely ! ! No words are enough kudos to Raju Sir too ! @ RajkumarHirani — ARMAAN MALIK ( @ ArmaanMalik22 ) 24 April 2018
All favourites a part of one film ! Looking forward to # Sanju ! Looks like a masterpiece @ RajkumarHirani & already confusing u with the real @ duttsanjay , # RanbirKapoor https : //t.co/tVVUsP3Yyl — Suniel Shetty ( @ SunielVShetty ) 24 April 2018
The multi-starrer has Paresh Rawal on board to play Sunil Dutt ( Sanjay 's father ) and Manisha Koirala to essay Nargis ( Sanjay 's mother ) .
Also starring Anushka Sharma , Sonam Kapoor , Dia Mirza , Boman Irani , Vicky Kaushal , Karishma Tanna and Jim Sarbh , the film will narrate the tumulous life of Dutt until their release from the Yerwada Jail in Pune a few years back .
Here 's how the makers have described the film on YouTube : `` Few lives in our times are as dramatic and enigmatic as the saga of Sanjay Dutt . Coming from a family of cinema legends , they themselves became a film star , and then saw dizzying heights and darkest depths : adulation of diehard fans , unending battles with various addictions , brushes with the underworld , prison terms , loss of loved ones , and the haunting speculation that they might or might not be a terrorist .
Sanju is in turns a hilarious and heartbreaking exploration of one man 's battle against their own wild self and the formidable external forces trying to crush him . It depicts the journey of a man through everything that life can throw at him . Some true stories leave you thinking “ did this really happen ? ” This is one such unbelievable story that happens to be true . ( sic ) . ''
The film has been produced by Vinod Chopra Films and Rajkumar Hirani Films in association with Fox Star Studios .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An unusual riverside venue will be throwing open its doors in Cambridge this summer .
The Cambridge Museum of Technology will feature an exciting and broad programme of events in partnership with Thirsty from the end of April .
Thirsty has operated a bar and shop , featuring nightly outdoor food trucks , on Chesterton Road , Cambridge , since 2015 .
Its latest venture will expand on the popular 'Thirstyfest ' food and drink event concept that has been held across the city .
( Photo : Thirsty Cambridge )
The museum , off Newmarket Road and opposite the Riverside Bridge , will be transformed into a new leisure destination .
Sam Owens of Thirsty said : `` The museum owns one of the most amazing sites and buildings in Cambridge – a rare example of Victorian industrial architecture in our city , with lots of sheltered outside space , handily situated right on the river , just past Midsummer Common .
`` There is so much potential to run amazing things there , whether one-off events or more permanent fixtures . This place is perfect for Thirsty and we are chuffed to bits to launch something totally different for Cambridge this summer . ''
Thirsty Riverside will first open from 4-11pm on Friday , April 28 , 11am-11pm on Saturday , April 29 , 11am-10pm on Sunday , April 30 and 11am-10pm on Monday , May 1 .
Here are some of the planned events to look forward to :
1 . German biergarten
( Photo : william87 )
Pull on your lederhosen , beer will be flowing every weekend from Friday lunchtime to Sunday evening from the end of April to the end of September .
Organisers say festoon lighting will be placed between the trees and along the railings and sail covers and large parasols will provide the weatherproofing . Seating and tables for 200 people will be available .
Food trucks will provide German-themed and other food , including Provenance Kitchen for 'German brunch ' every Sunday at its Airstream trailer .
Sam said : `` As our customers know , we love all things German at Thirsty . And a real German biergarten is something special .
`` Our Thirsty version will feature German beer styles from our favourite UK brewers , imports from our brilliant young German craft brewers , such as von Freude of Hamburg and Berliner Berg of Berlin , along with a range of lovely German and Austrian wines .
`` We also want the space to be family-friendly , so there will be plenty on offer for younger customers too . We think Cambridge is going to love it . ''
2 . Food , coffee and ice-cream yard
( Photo : David Johnson )
It is not all about the booze , visitors will also be able to relax in the museum 's cobbled yard with a coffee , tea or soft drink during the day .
They can also tuck in to homemade cakes and ice creams from Jack 's Gelato and the Rural Coffee Project .
3 . Outdoor cinema and music nights
Thirsty say larger one-off events will be held at the museum throughout the summer , including at least two outdoor cinema weekends with Enchanted Cinema .
A range of local musicians and DJs have also been lined up over the summer to provide a 'chilled ' musical vibe to the visitors relaxing in the Biergarten .
4 . Farmers ' markets
( Photo : Roger Adams )
Monthly markets are planned for the site . On Facebook organisers say they are also working on two other formats , so watch this space !
5 . Private dining events
The museum 's main building and outdoor spaces will also be made available for special private dining events or corporate group bookings .
For more information visit the Thirsty Cambridge Facebook page .
More details on the Cambridge Museum of Technology are available on its website .
Three men suspected of a card skimming case in East Texas , have been indicted .
Nolberto Rivera , 29 ; Eligio Diegez-Arias , 29 , and Emilio Francisco Guitierrez-Alvarez , 42 were indicted on Nov. , 30th in the 7th Judicial District Court in Smith County .
Rivera , Diegez-Arias , and Guitierrez-Alvarez were indicted for engaging in an organized criminal activity . According to previous records , they are among five people who were arrested in May , in connection with a large skimming ring case .
A case , in which Tyler police said thousands of East Texans were swindled out of millions of dollars .
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
A British man found guilty of murder after they drove a van into Muslim worshippers outside a London mosque last June , leaving one dead and injuring many more , was jailed for life on Friday and told they would serve at least 43 years behind bars .
Darren Osborne became obsessed with Muslims after watching a BBC TV drama about child sex abuse involving British Pakistani men and just weeks later carried out the attack in Finsbury Park , north London .
The 48-year-old killed Makram Ali , 51 , and injured 12 others , two seriously . They were found guilty on Thursday of murder and attempted murder after the jury took less than an hour to reach their verdict .
“ This was a terrorist attack . You intended to kill , ” said judge Bobbie Cheema-Grubb , sentencing them at Woolwich Crown Court in southeast London .
“ You had not been radicalised over a long period of time but your rapid decline into irrational hatred of all Muslims turned you into a danger to the public , ” they added . “ You will pose a significant risk to members of the public .. for a very long time , perhaps for the rest of your life . ”
HARTFORD , Conn. ( AP ) — Jonathan Harris , considered a possible 2018 Democratic gubernatorial candidate , is stepping down from their job as Connecticut 's Department of Consumer Protection commissioner .
Gov . Dannel P. Malloy announced Monday that Harris will depart “ to pursue other professional opportunities . ”
Harris , a former mayor of West Hartford and a state senator , was appointed to Malloy to oversee the agency in December 2014 . The agency 's deputy commissioner , Michelle H. Seagull , will serve as the acting commissioner until a permanent replacement is announced .
Harris ' departure comes days after Malloy said they will not seek a third term .
They told reporters after Malloy 's announcement last Thursday that they were “ not declaring anything ” and they had “ not made any final decisions at this point ” about running for governor .
Behavior therapy , also known as behavior analytical and psychotherapy , is a term that broadly refers to the treatment that helps alter self-destructing behaviors in a patient . It is sometimes also termed as cognitive behavioral therapy or behavioral modification . Those patients who practice behavior therapy usually learn behaviors and are more specific . Medical professionals perform behavior therapy to substitute bad habits with good ones . In addition , behavior therapy also helps to manage difficult situations . This type of therapy is mostly performed to treat patients suffering from anxiety disorders . Behavior therapy is also performed to treat various mood disorders such as post traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , social phobia , schizophrenia , depression , obsessive compulsive disorder ( OCD ) and bipolar disorder .
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=11792
Behavior therapy is also used to treat patients suffering from eating disorders , autism , substance abuse and personality disorders . Behavior therapy can be classified into three disciplines namely social learning theory , cognitive behavior therapy ( CBT ) , applied behavior analysis ( ABA ) . Applied behavior analysis entails operant conditioning by undertaking such measures as positive reinforcement to bring about the desired changes in behavior ; this is done after a thorough functional behavior assessment of the patient . Cognitive behavior therapy focuses mainly on the feelings and thought process behind the mental health condition . Social learning therapy treats patient through complete observation and instruction .
Therapists usually produce certain treatment plans tailored to individual medical conditions . Some exercises that a therapist may perform on patient include role playing , modifications in fear , pain and responses to anger , breathing and relaxation methods , social skills training , positive reinforcement , journal writing , activities to promote focus and discussions about coping mechanisms . Behavior therapy results in increasing quality of life of patients suffering from asupervisorstioned medical condition . This also reduces incidence rate of self-harm , improved emotional expressions , better pain management , less outburst , improved social skills and raises the ability to recognize the urgency of various medical help .
Request for Discount @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=11792
The market for behavior therapy is anticipated to grow at a significant CAGR during the forecast period 2014 to 2020 . Rising incidences of obsessive compulsive disorder is primarily fueling the growth of behavior therapy market . According to a reputed U.S. journal , nearly 1 in 100 children and 1 in 40 adults suffer from obsessive compulsive disorder every year . According to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , obsessive compulsive disorder is amongst top 20 causes of illness-related disability across the globe .
Likewise , increasing cases of depression will further accentuate the growth of behavior therapy market . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) has projected that around 1 in 10 adults report depression in the U.S . Moreover , changing lifestyle in terms of working culture is also expected to boost the growth of behavior therapy market throughout the forecast period .
In 2013 , North America and Europe collectively accounted for the largest share of global behavior therapy market . This is due to the presence of large patient population in the regions . Also , heavy work conditions that results in various mental medical conditions has also contributed heavily in sharing large revenue share of the global behavioral market . Asia-Pacific is expected to see the highest growth rate during the forecast period owing to aging population . Aged people usually suffer from various mental disorders . In addition , increasing disposable income of the patient population enhance the affordability for receiving such medical services . All the asupervisorstioned parameters would propel the growth of behavior therapy market in Asia-Pacific region from 2014 to 2020 .
Request for Report TOC @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=T & rep_id=11792
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company , providing global business information reports and services . Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . Our experienced team of Analysts , Researchers , and Consultants , use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather , and analyze information .
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts , so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With a broad research and analysis capability , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research ,
90 Sate Street , Suite 700 ,
Albany , NY 12207
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Prior to the 2016 presidential election , members of Donald Trump 's campaign team and other associates were repeatedly in contact with senior Russian intelligence officials , four current and former U.S. officials told The New York Times .
Their phone calls were intercepted at around the same time U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies found evidence that Russia , in an attempt to disrupt the election , had hacked the Democratic National Committee . The officials told The Times they have so far not seen any evidence of collusion , but the discovery was worrying because Trump often praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and at one point during the summer during a rally called on Russia to steal Hillary Clinton 's emails .
The officials said one person picked up on the phone calls was Paul Manafort , who served for several months as Trump 's campaign chairperson and had worked as a political consultant in Russia and Ukraine . Manafort told The Times the report was `` absurd '' and they had `` no idea what this is referring to , '' adding , `` It 's not like these people wear badges that say , ' I 'm a Russian intelligence officer . ' '' The officials would not reveal to The Times the other Trump associates and aides who made calls , the Russians they spoke with , or the topics of discussion , but did say this is not connected to December calls between Trump 's former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and the Russian ambassador to the U.S. , Sergey Kislyak , in which they discussed sanctions imposed by outgoing President Barack Obama . These conversations led to Flynn 's resignation on Monday . Catherine Garcia
Work requirements proposed in some states would likely only apply to a small group of enrollees , and may disrupt care for chronically ill , researchers conclude
ANN ARBOR , MI - Nearly half of the people who enrolled in Medicaid after it expanded in Michigan have jobs , a new study finds . Another 11 percent ca n't work , likely due to serious physical or mental health conditions .
About 1 in 4 enrollees are out of work but also are much more likely to be in poor health , according to the findings published in JAMA Internal Medicine by a team from the University of Michigan Institute for Healthcare Policy and Innovation .
The findings , from a detailed survey of more than 4,000 people enrolled in Michigan 's program for more than a year , may inform discussions of potential work requirements for the poor and near-poor Americans who qualify for expanded Medicaid in the 31 states and the District of Columbia that offer it , and other states that are considering expansion .
Several of those states have submitted proposals to require Medicaid expansion enrollees to work at least part time , actively seek work or volunteer , or risk losing Medicaid coverage .
Several others are considering doing so , and the current federal administration has signaled a willingness to approve the waivers states need to enact such requirements . Some states have started voluntary work-referral programs for enrollees .
`` The question raised by these data for states is - is it worth the cost to screen and track enrollees when only a small minority is n't working who are potentially able to work , '' says Renuka Tipirneni , M.D. , M.Sc. , lead author of the new study and a clinical lecturer in general internal medicine at U-M .
`` Even if they do n't meet federal disability criteria , our survey shows many of these individuals face significant health challenges , '' they add . `` It 's also important to consider that dropping them from coverage for failure to fulfill a work requirement could seriously impact their ability to receive care for chronic physical and mental health conditions that can worsen without treatment . ''
The new study is the first published report about work-related information obtained directly from enrollees in Medicaid expansion states , rather than administrative data or survey estimates .
It 's also the first peer-reviewed study from IHPI 's formal evaluation of Michigan 's expansion , called the Healthy Michigan Plan . The evaluation , funded by IHPI 's contract with the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services , is required under a federal waiver that allowed the state to customize its Medicaid expansion when it launched in April 2014 .
Tipirneni and their colleagues , including senior author and IHPI director John Z. Ayanian , M.D. , M.P.P , and Susan D. Goold , M.D. , M.H.S.A. , M.A. , compiled the report based on telephone surveys carried out in 2016 in a representative sample of Healthy Michigan Plan participants .
In all :
48.8 percent of respondents said they were employed or self-employed full or part time -- though their incomes were all below 133 percent of the federal poverty level , about $ 15,800 for an individual and $ 32,300 for a family of four .
27.6 percent were out of work , in a state that in 2016 was around the national average for unemployment after a decade and a half of above-average unemployment . Of these , one-third said they were in fair or poor health - compared with 19 percent of those who said they were employed . Two thirds of those out of work said they had a chronic physical illness , and 35 percent said they had been diagnosed with a mental illness . One-quarter of those out of work said they had a physical or mental impairment that interfered with their ability to function at least half the days in the last month . 11.3 percent said they were unable to work . Of these , 73.4 percent reported being in fair or poor health .
2.5 percent said they were retired
5.2 percent said they were students
4.5 percent said they were homemakers
Although the U-M team did not ask about respondents ' roles as caregivers for other household members and how that may limit their ability to work , they included these questions in the 2017 survey they just completed .
Respondents who had a mental health condition that limited their ability to function were twice as likely to say they were out of work than those without . Other factors that were associated with individuals ' being significantly more likely to say they were not working were being in their 50s or early 60s , being male , or being in fair or poor health overall .
Tipirneni notes that survey respondents who said they were employed or self-employed may have enrolled in the Healthy Michigan Plan because many low-wage and part-time jobs do not offer health insurance . Employers are not required to offer health insurance if they have less than 50 workers , nor do they have to offer it to any employees who work 30 hours or less a week , under the Affordable Care Act .
Those with incomes under the federal poverty level also can not get financial help to purchase their own coverage through a health insurance exchange such as HealthCare.gov , no matter whether their state expanded Medicaid or not .
`` Medicaid expansion was designed to cover those who have a gap in their coverage , or jobs that do n't offer insurance but do n't pay enough to allow someone to afford individual coverage , '' Tipirneni says . `` States considering work requirements should evaluate their potential impact on individuals , and the potential return on expenditures required for enforcement . ''
# # #
A major road has been closed by North Yorkshire County Council as a precaution in order to protect members of the public .
Following signs of movement at Kex Gill on the A59 between Harrogate and Skipton the road has been closed , with inspections due to be carried out tomorrow ( Thursday , May 31 ) .
A spokesperson for the county council wrote : `` The usual diversion is in place via Ilkley and Otley . The county council apologies for any inconvenience , but the safety of road users must be its priority .
`` The A59 is an important trans-Pennine route between Skipton and Harrogate , but has a history of instability and movement of the land at Kex Gill . Realigning the A59 at Kex Gill to the other side of the valley is part of the County Council 's strategic transport plan to improve east to west connections between the east coast and Humber ports and Lancashire . Following a public consultation focusing on proposals for this realignment last year , preferred options are to be considered later this year . ''
They later wrote to the Advertiser : `` We need to carry out further inspections before we can talk about possible causes . It would be fair to say that we 're concerned that there may be a risk of further movement . ''
North Yorkshire Police has said the road was closed as a precaution in order to protect members of the public .
WHEN a woman asked a fellow plane passenger if they could switch seats so they could sit next to their boyfriend , they had no idea it would set in motion a modern day love story that could warm even the coldest of hearts .
When Rosey Blair and their boyfriend hopped on their flight home to Dallas , Texas they discovered they were n't seated together .
Fortunately another woman agreed to switch places . As they did so , Rosey joked that maybe the woman 's new seat partner `` would be the love of them life '' .
But when the woman 's seatmate arrived , Rosey realised their off-handed comment may have been more accurate than they thought , and so they did what anyone would do - they started documenting the budding love story on social media .
As the two started to chat it was revealed that they had a lot of things in common , like both being personal trainers and vegetarians .
They also note that neither of them are wearing a wedding ring - a good sign for their potential relationship .
It did n't take long for Rosey 's followers to become hooked on the unfolding events , with them promising that they would track their story `` all the way to baggage claim '' .
They also noted that both were very attractive , another sign that they were clearly meant to spend their lives together .
Things really started to heat up when the woman came back from the bathroom with their hair down , after previously having it in a ponytail , and started asking the man for fitness tips .
They then ordered a cheese board to share - which is obviously something you only do with a potential life partner right ?
The couple then got to the stage where they were sharing family photos with each other .
As the pair got more serious , so did Rosey . So dedicated was they to keeping the growing number of people following the love story updated , they even paid for extra Wi-Fi .
Then a breaking development occurred - the two left for the bathroom at the SAME TIME , leaving Rosey and everyone following the story understandably freaking out about what it could mean .
They soon returned and started helping each other clean up their seating area .
As the flight continued they got more comfortable with each other .
They even started having a conversation about what they want out of life in regards to marriage and children . The man mentioned that in the past they have been too focused on their fitness to pursue relationships .
They then hit another milestone in their relationship by following each other on social media .
When the plane landed , the two went to baggage claim together , with Rosey snapping a picture of them looking very cosy .
After some detective work , Rosey 's boyfriend found their Instagram accounts , which revealed that they were both single and both lived in Dallas .
`` They 're gon na fall in love , and get married , and have babies ! '' Rosey said in one of the video updates .
We hope so Rosey . We really do .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Lewis Clayton will return to Bishop 's Cleeve for two vital matches for the Southern League Division One West club .
The Mitres ' regular number one Sam Gilder , who saved a penalty in the 2-0 win at Larkhall Athletic on Saturday , will start against Bristol Manor Farm on Tuesday night ( 7.45pm ) .
But they will then miss Saturday 's home match against Kidlington and the visit of Didcot Town three days later .
Clayton will deputise , continuing their development and giving them further experience of senior football .
The teenager appeared for North Leigh last season and started the 2017/18 campaign at Cleeve before Gilder returned to the club from Evesham United .
Clayton lives in the village of Bishop 's Cleeve and played for the Colts youth teams before joining Cheltenham .
They are a second year scholar so a decision will be made on their future in the coming weeks , with their aim a professional contract with the Robins .
Cleeve are bottom of the table and seven points from safety , with two games in hand on Slimbridge , the team directly above them .
MEXICO CITY - Mexican President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador left the country 's national palace on Tuesday in the front passenger seat of a white Volkswagen Jetta , swarmed by hundreds of jubilant supporters including one waving a live rooster .
There was not a bodyguard in sight .
Since claiming victory on Sunday , the leftist politician has promised transformative change for Mexico . That includes ambitious plans to stem the corruption and violence that have become the status quo , though Lopez Obrador has yet to provide details .
Lopez Obrador 's approach to security is one of the first signs of how they are breaking from the mould of the typical Mexican presidency .
Their plan to travel without armed guards has sparked worry in some quarters about their safety on the heels of Mexico 's deadliest year since modern records began .
`` The people will protect me . ... They who fights for justice has nothing to fear , '' Lopez Obrador said after meeting with President Enrique Pena Nieto , who they said offered federal protection .
`` You 'll all be watching out for me , '' they told a large hall packed with press during a lively , 35-minute back-and-forth that sharply contrasted with Pena Nieto 's brief , tightly controlled appearances .
Photo : Reuters
Some audience members were sceptical .
`` This is the institution of the presidency of the republic , this is n't just one person , '' a journalist said , asking Lopez Obrador if they would change their strategy .
`` We 're just reporters , '' another called out .
Since Sunday , Lopez Obrador 's every move has been broadcast live , with journalists and supporters forming a slow-moving convoy around the 64-year-old , who has pledged to shed various trappings of power including the presidential residence and plane , while earning half of Pena Nieto 's salary .
At one point , Lopez Obrador 's Jetta , which often snaked through Mexico City with the windows down , knocked a member of the posse off their motorcycle while making a right turn . The man appeared unhurt .
Close-to-the-people campaigning has been the style of the former Mexico City mayor for 13 years during two prior presidential bids , taking them to the most remote and dangerous pockets of Mexico .
Even in recent months , despite a surge of politician killings , Lopez Obrador has ventured into drug-cartel strongholds rarely visited by Pena Nieto , such as Chilapa and Reynosa .
Mexico is on track to register even more murders this year than in 2017 , according to government data , and Lopez Obrador 's vows to curb violence appealed to many voters frustrated with the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party 's inability to stem the bloodshed .
But Lopez Obrador 's new status may compel them to make some compromises , said Vicente Sanchez , a professor of public administration at the Colegio de la Frontera Norte in Tijuana .
`` He should understand the risk , and that once he 's elected , they do n't owe it to himself , but to the country , '' Sanchez said . `` He has too much desire to go down in history as an austere figure , close to the people . ''
Cuba will never bow to the pressures and threats of the USA , confirmed today thousands of Cubans who marched through the mythical Plaza , José Martí , to celebrate the 58th anniversary of the Triumph of the Revolution .
Cuba President Raul Castro presided over the military and civil parade which was also dedicated to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the arrival in Cuba of the Granma yacht on December 2nd , 1956 .
The ceremony was opened with the firing of 21 gun salutes and the national anthem of Cuba . The march started with a representation of the most important moments of the founding and consolidation of the Cuban nation , including a group that paid homage to the mambi fighters , symbol of the struggle against the Spanish colonialism .
It also included a copy of the Granma yacht accompanied by primary school students , a group representing the guerrilla of the Sierra Maestra that was commanded by Fidel Castro , of the Giron fighters ( 1961 ) , the brigades of the educational campaign for literacy ( 1961 ) and internationalist fighters .
This event was also dedicated to the 60th anniversary of the uprising in the city of Santiago de Cuba ( southeast ) , the anniversary of the Revolutionary Armed Forces ( FAR ) , the historic leader of the Cuban Revolution Fidel Castro , as well as the youth .
In a second part , the parade was joined by members of FAR , the Ministry of the Interior and the Militias of Territorial Troops , including military educational institutions , representatives of the Western , Central and Eastern armies , the Division of Tanks , the Special Troops , the Revolutionary War Navy and the Youth Army of Labor .
Finally , the third section was represented by the people protecting the country , symbolizing the principle known as the War of the Whole People , which is made up of the people 's defense councils , the student militias and the Production and Defense Brigades .
The parade held today was scheduled for December 2nd , but it was postponed due to the death of Fidel Castro on November 25th and the national mourning decree .
If the little white whale in the video is indeed a humpback whale , Migaloo will cease to be the only documented albino of this species in the world .
The video which has recently emerged online , allegedly shows a rare white whale swimming along with their mother in the ocean off the coast of the Australian state of New South Wales .
The Upi portal cites the author of the footage , Kynan Wall , as saying that they filmed the baby whale while flying a hang glider near Lennox Head . They assumed that the white coloration of the animal can indicate that it is an albino .
In a report , the committee of scientists , entrepreneurs , ethicists and patient advocates said human genomes could in future be edited to replace faulty genetic information from a parent with a third person 's healthy DNA . It stresses that the technique should only be used in the most serious cases , where no other options are available , and conducted under strict guidelines with stringent oversight .
ICYMI : Yesterday we released our report on human genome editing ! Download the report for free : https : //t.co/JTfoqEBmOQ # GeneEditStudy pic.twitter.com/u0SVrcfvXO — NationalAcademyMed ( @ theNAMedicine ) February 15 , 2017​
Genome editing is achieved via a technique dubbed CRISPR — Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeat . It involves taking short stretches of RNA ( ribonucleic acid ) and tailoring them to match with DNA sequences . CRISPR is the fastest and most cost-effective method of gene editing and has been hailed as a means of significantly advancing scientific understanding of disorders such as cystic fibrosis and Huntington 's Disease .
Reaction to the report from genome editing advocates has been overwhelmingly positive . Sarah Norcross , director of the Progress Educational Trust , called the study `` sensible and prudent . ''
`` The report is thoroughgoing , and the National Academy have come up with a very useful set of principles to inform the way we approach genome editing . The report 's recommendations concerning different applications of this technology — in basic research as well as in the clinic — place a welcome emphasis on public engagement , '' Ms. Norcross told Sputnik .
As of February 2017 , editing experiments have been successfully conducted on isolated genes in laboratory conditions , and on mice , but never on humans — as any human born from an edited embryo passes on any new genetic information , it would irreparably alter the genetic makeup of its descendants . The committee specifically argues scientists are a long way from being able to use human genome editing techniques safely as a result .
While quick to stress editing research should be limited to disease , the report caveats such seemingly firm directives with phrases such as `` at this time , '' and even goes as far to moot ways disease research could be used to optimize humans from birth — for instance , editing the genes of muscular dystrophy patients could help scientists identify ways to make healthy babies be born stronger .
While for most the prospect of genetically modified humans will call to mind science fiction dystopias such as the 1997 movie Gattaca , others have graver real-world concerns — CIA Director John Brennan has claimed such advances could pose a threat to national security , and be used to create biological weapons . MIT scientist Dr. Jim Kozubek has said genetic engineering could end the possibility of future genius-level intelligence in humanity .
In 2015 , a paper authored by Fyodor Urnov , adjunct professor of genetics and development at the University of California , warned human genome editing could have unpredictable effects on future generations — this made the research `` dangerous and ethically unacceptable . ''
Do n't edit the human germ line — one of our top opinion pieces of 2015 https : //t.co/CX8KQgZXys pic.twitter.com/6xhDDRJXKZ — Nature News & Comment ( @ NatureNews ) January 2 , 2016​
The committee is evidently wise to how controversial genome editing could be — in the report 's conclusion , it acknowledges public fears that genome editing would `` exacerbate social inequities or create social pressures , '' driving people to use technologies that are `` simply are not necessary . '' As a result , public discussion is `` important for exploring social impacts , '' as governance policy is developed — and a resolution to the question of consent ( by definition , an unborn child can not consent to being experimented upon ) must be found .
However , some are positively enthused by the prospect of enhanced future humans — and unmoved by arguments around consent . John Harris , professor of bioethics at the University of Manchester , is among them .
`` Every year an estimated 7.9 million children — 6 % of total births worldwide — are born with a serious birth defect of genetic or partially genetic origin . Had sexual reproduction been invented by scientists rather than resulting from our evolved biology , it would never have been licensed .
`` We all have to make decisions for future people without considering their consent . All would-be parents take numerous decisions about issues that might affect their future children . They do this all the time without thinking about consent of the children — far from 'absence of consent ' being a reason not to make decisions for future persons , it is the reason we must make such decisions , '' Professor Harris told Sputnik .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
No one really knows what they will experience when they die . We have all seen characters in TV shows and films see bright lights and watch scenes from their life flash before them in a montage , but it still remains a mystery .
People who have been medically dead and then resuscitated are the only insight into what happens .
Some who 've been through this eerie experience took to Reddit to share what it was like to die .
Read below for their answers , which vary drastically from person to person .
1 . Like reading a book
Five years ago monitormonkey underwent major surgery during which they bled out , causing them die for several minutes , The Mirror reported .
`` I woke up in what looked like space but there were n't any stars or light . I was n't floating so to speak , I was just there .
`` I was n't hot or cold , hungry or tired - just a peaceful neutral kind of thing . I knew there was light and love somewhere nearby but I had no urge or need to go to it right away .
`` I remember thinking over my life , but it was n't like a montage . More like I was idly flipping through a book and snippets stood out here and there .
`` Whatever it was , it changed my thoughts on a few things . I am still afraid to die , but I 'm not worried about what happens after that . ''
2 . A visit from someone dear
Schneidah7 was thrown from their motorbike while cruising at 50 mph and was medically dead when they were taken to hospital . As they lay in the road before the ambulance came , they recalled someone they knew encouraging him .
`` I just remember being on the pavement and things slowly going black and quiet .
`` The only reason I did n't fall asleep was because of a bizarre moment where I heard someone yelling , 'Ranger up you candy f * * * ! Come on man , get up . Get up . GET UP ! '
`` Then someone was slapping my helmet ( which was basically smushed really hard onto my head ) .
`` When I opened my eyes I saw my brother squatting on the pavement next me to . This was odd because my brother died from an overdose several years ago .
`` The only other thing I remember is them glancing at their watch and saying something like 'They 'll be here soon ' and then walking away .
`` I wish I could give more detail but I honestly do n't remember much of the incident and still have trouble with my memory as a result of the accident . ''
3 . A garden
While many users described their 'death ' as being like a void , IDiedForABit had a very different experience after an allergic reaction caused their or their heart to stop .
`` I remember a feeling of being sucked backwards , extremely slowly , like being pulled through water and this blackness fading in and out .
`` At one point it faded back in and I was staring out at a garden .
`` It was n't filled with flowers , just dust and patchy grass . There was a playground with a merry-go-round in the middle and two children running around it . A boy and a girl .
`` It 's difficult to describe but I got the feeling I could choose if I wanted to stay or leave , but every time I tried to go back I was held in place .
`` I went through all the reasons I wanted to go back , and when I told the presence I did n't want to abandon my mother whatever held me finally let go .
`` I snapped back into my body . My heart had stopped for six minutes . ''
4 . Hitting snooze
As a teenager , TheDeadManWalks had been going through months of chemotherapy when their nose started bleeding uncontrollably .
Due to a sepsis and Clostridium difficile infection , their condition worsened , and they slipped in and out of death , which they describe beautifully .
`` The worst part of it all , looking back , is how peaceful it can seem .
`` It 's like wanting to hit the snooze button on your alarm at 7am .
`` And maybe you do hit it once or twice but then you remember that you have work or school and that sleep can wait because you 've still got s * * * to do . ''
5 . Or is it a laugh ?
altburger69 's brush with death did n't stop them from cracking jokes .
`` Had a heart attack last year and my heart stopped three times in the emergency room .
`` Apparently , each time they shocked me back I 'woke up ' ( how it felt ) and told the staff a different knock-knock joke each time .
`` No lights or whatever , just felt like sleep . ''
6 . There is nothing after
In the aftermath of a motorbike accident , Rullknuf 's breathing and pulse stopped and they went `` cramp and stiff '' . After two minutes , their friend managed to resuscitate him .
`` For me it was just a blackout . No dreams , no visions , just nothing .
`` Apparently I asked over 10 times what happened and said I shall be happy to be alive today . ''
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MOOSIC — Tri-Valley wo n't have to travel far from home to defend its District 2/11 Class A Subregional baseball championship .
The District 11 champion Dawgs ( 15-6 ) will face MMI Prep ( 7-13 ) in today 's subregional final at 4:30 p.m. at Steidle Field at the CACL Complex in Pottsville .
MMI Prep , the fifth seed in the subregional , knocked off top-seeded Forest City 3-0 in Tuesday 's District 2 championship game at PNC Field .
Freshman right-hander Marcus Danchision allowed just two singles , struck out eight and never let a runner past second base in a thoroughly masterful mound performance for the Preppers .
It 's MMI 's second District 2 championship in five years and first for new head coach Ryan Jastremsky .
If Forest City had won the District 2 title , today 's subregional final would have been played at a District 2 site in the Scranton area .
American Legion
Wyomissing 3
Schuylkill Valley 2
MIDDLEPORT — Josh Jacavage fired a three-hitter , but Schuylkill Valley dropped a opening-day decision to Wyomissing in Schuylkill-Berks American Legion action Tuesday .
Jacavage deserved a better fate after working a complete game with seven strikeouts and no walks . They allowed only one earned run .
Schuylkill Valley managed five hits , all singles .
Wyo ( 1-0 ) 102 000 0 — 3 3 1
SV ( 0-1 ) 002 000 0 — 2 5 4
Romanelli , Brunner ( 5 ) ; Jacavage . W — Romanelli ( 1-0 ) . L — Jacavage ( 0-1 ) .
HITS : Wyomissing — Romanelli , Dowling 2 . Schuylkill Valley — McCole , Kosar , Kupchinsky , Cromyak , Zimmerman .
2B — Dowling .
Hamburg 5
Pine Grove 1
PINE GROVE — Austin Gromlich hit a two-run home run to lead the Reds to the victory over the Grovers .
Ethan Naftzinger worked a complete game , two-hitter with six strikeouts to earn the victory .
Garrett Lehman led the Pine Grove offense with a double . Jason Soper also hit safely .
Ham ( 1-0 ) 200 020 1 — 5 6 1
PG ( 0-1 ) 000 010 0 — 1 2 2
Naftzinger ; Witmer , Culbert ( 6 ) . W — Naftzinger ( 1-0 ) . L — Culbert ( 0-1 ) .
HITS : Hamburg — Adam 2 , Adams , Gromlich , Feick , Norton . Pine Grove — Lehman , Soper .
2B — Lehman . HR — Gromlich .
WASHINGTON : The United States on Friday banned the export of weapons and defense services to South Sudan , stepping up pressure against President Salva Kiir to end the country 's four-year conflict .
“ The Department of State today announces that it is implementing restrictions on the export of defense articles and defense services into South Sudan , ” State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said in a statement .
While the United States government does not conduct arms sales to South Sudan , the move prevents any American company or citizen from sending military equipment or services to the country 's warring factions .
The unilateral embargo is another signal by Washington that it is losing patience with Kiir after ceasefires have been repeatedly violated.—Reuters
loading ...
Breitbart News has a target in its crosshairs following the departure of former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn from the White House in a cascade of scandal over their contacts with the Russian government : White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Targeting Priebus , who leads the faction of Trump aides that is composed of experienced establishment political hands , is really just a stand-in for a larger conflict about the future of Trumpism in the White House .
…
[ A ] White House official speaking on condition of anonymity also said the Breitbart story [ a report by Matthew Boyle suggesting Priebus 's future is “ in doubt ” ] was “ completely false ” and that “ whoever placed it has no knowledge of the inner workings of the administration . ”
“ I can also tell you that Bannon and [ Stephen ] Miller are very unhappy with the story and consider it an attack on a close friend , ” the official said .
And Bannon themselves called “ absurd ” in an email .
Bannon and Priebus have made a show of closeness recently , even giving a joint interview to New York magazine last week in which they professed to fall asleep on the phone with each other and joked about giving each other back rubs .
BLACKSBURG , Va. - A local political communications expert is making the prediction that the trend of celebrities running for political office will continue .
Virginia Tech professor John Tedesco said Tuesday that inexperienced people will continue to run on their popularity even though most of them will be vastly underqualified . They said anyone can acquire expertise in translatable skills but most celebrity jobs are self-serving and the country needs experienced politicians in order to get things done .
`` Just because someone plays a candidate on TV does n't mean that that can translate to an effective public servant , ” they said .
They said inexperienced people should start in local offices to learn the ropes , not jump right to Congress or the White House .
`` Just because they have a hundred million people following them on social media , does n't mean that we should run out and get them on the ballot for president , ” they said .
Tedesco acknowledged that many Americans are looking for candidates who can shake up the status quo , and they said that can be a positive force in Washington .
America 's history had examples of celebrities stepping into political positions before Donald Trump 's 2017 electoral win . Tedesco noted that Ronald Reagan had learned some of the political ropes when they were governor of California , before successfully running for president .
Tedesco said Cynthia Nixon , who played Miranda in the popular TV show “ Sex and the City , ” will have a chance in their bid for governor of New York this year .
Tedesco believes the media needs to focus more on informing the public on exact policies candidates have when faced with the decision of how much attention to give the more popular candidates .
`` Any opportunity the media has to focus , to provide a score sheet that helps the public understand the implications legislation will have on their lives will be beneficial , ” they said .
Oprah , Dwayne Johnson and Mark Cuban are just three of the celebrities who have talked about running for president in the past year .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
Metropolis Recommends – June 2018 edition gives you the best gigs , festivals , exhibitions and other events going on in the capital this month .
Events/Festivals
Short Shorts Film Festival
Asia 's largest short film festival is back ! 250 selected short films from over 10,000 submitted works will be on display at the 20-day event in Harajuku and Omotesando . The festival is accredited by the Acad-emy of Motion Picture Art and Sciences , and the Grand Prize winner is eligible to receive an Acad-emy Awards nomination . The festival features both international and Japanese works in a wide variety of categories , including CG Animation and VR .
June 4–24 . Free . Multiple locations in Harajuku and Omotesando . shortshorts.org
Africa Hibiya Festival
Expose yourself to the vibrant culture of Africa , indulge in some okra stew and dance to the beat of djembe drums ! The Africa Hibiya Festival will have a food court , a bazaar full of beautiful crafts , work-shops where you can play African games and make accessories , and live stage performances , featuring authentic African musicians and dancers . There will also be a parade featuring a float in the shape of the African continent . Enjoy a quick trip to Africa to immerse yourself in another culture .
June 23–24 . 10am–9pm ( Closes 5:30pm on 24 ) . Free . Hibiya-koen , Chiyoda-ku . Kasumigaseki , Hibiya . africah.web.fc2.com/event/e-hibiya2018.html
Kugayama Firefly Festival
Viewing the night lit up by dancing lights is a Japa-nese summer must . Luckily , you do n't have to go far ; the Kugayama Firefly Festival is just a 15 minute train ride away from Shibuya . The festival itself is a small , local event but over the span of two days , approximately 2000 captive-bred lighting bugs will be released . The best time to see them is around 8pm when they 're most active so enjoy the festival lineup until then .
June 9–10 . 1pm–9pm . Free . Shimizu-bashi Bridge , 2-16 Kugayama , Suginami-ku , and Iwasaki-bashi Bridge , 2-1 Kugayama , Suginami-ku . Kugayama . www.kugayama.org
Shinjuku Piccadilly Bakuon Eigasai
Ever wanted to watch a movie with a great soundtrack at maximum volume ? Now you can , right in the middle of Shinjuku . The Bakuon ( explo-sive sound ) festival at Shinjuku Piccadilly features nine soundtrack-driven films , such as The Greatest Showman , Les Miserables , Baby Driver , Mamma Miaand La La Land , shown with the volume turned up high . The Bakuon screenings use audio equipment normally used for live music performances , so view-ers can pick up small , intricate sounds they would n't be able to otherwise .
June 29–July 12 . ¥1,800 per film . Shinjuku Piccadilly , 3-15-15 Shinjuku , Shinjuku-ku . Shinjuku Sanchome . shinpicca-bakuon.com
Forest Beer Garden
An outdoor beer is often just what you need when temperature rises . Located inside Meiji Shrine 's Outer Gardens , this beer garden might end up being your favorite chill out spot of the summer . Despite being one of Tokyo 's largest terraces , it is still recommended to book your table in advance if you want to be sure to have a seat as it gets very busy . The online reservation also comes in handy if you want to enjoy the two hours all-you-can-drink plan ( ¥4,200 for men and ¥3,900 for women ) that can-not be ordered on site.Weekdays 5pm–10pm , Weekends 12pm–10pm ( for the month of June , times differ during other months ) .
May19–Sept 29 . Meiji Jingu Gaien Nikoniko Park , 1-7-5 Kita Aoyama , Minato-ku . Shinanomachi . mbg.rkfs.co.jp
Sanno Festival
One of the three most famous festivals of Tokyo , the Sanno Matsuri marks the beginning of summer . The biannual festival extends over 11 days at Hie Shrine in Chiyoda and features a variety event such as tea ceremonies , drum performances , and bon-odori , complete with food booths . The highlight is the parade—consisting of mikoshi portable shrines and people dressed in ancient cos-tumes—that weaves through the heart of the city . Get a taste of Japanese traditions all while staying in central Tokyo .
Parade June 8 , 7:30am–4:45pm ; Bon-Odori June 13–June 15 , from 6:30pm . Free . Hie Shrine , 2-10-5 Nagatacho , Chiyoda-ku . Tameikesanno , Akasaka . www.tenkamatsuri.jp
Music
BimBamBoom
This Tokyo-based all-girl five pieces have been making waves in the capital 's music scene for their electrify-ing live performances . Headed by poised drummer Miyoko Yamaguchi and focused around the Nishi-Azabu venue Shinsekai the band are venturing out into new locations such as Shimokitazawa 's Shelter where they play with support act Yasei Collective . The instrumentalists have musical roots and influences as disparate as New Orleans , Memphis , R & B , funk , new wave and choral sounds . The band also has two albums released , so far , on the apart.RECORDS label .
June 20 . 7pm . Adv : ¥3,500 Door : ¥3,800 . SHELTER , 2−6-10 Kitazawa , Setagaya-ku . Shimokitazawa . www.loft-prj.co.jp/SHELTER/bimbamboom.tokyo
Zipang 2018
What better way to start the summer than with a music festival by the beach ? Zipang is a techno and house festival set in the idyllic Flower Park in Shirahama on the Boso Peninsula . The festival is proud to call itself 100 % made in Japan . Indeed , the line-up is exclusively Japanese , with world-renowned DJs like DJ Nobu ( and Akiko Kiyama featured in this month 's music page ) as well as emerging talents . In addition to the paradisiac location , live paintings and an artistic scenery will create a magical and artsy atmosphere .
June 30–July 1 From ¥8,000 . Shirahama Flower Park , 1454 Shirahama-cho Nemoto , Minamiboso-shi , Chiba . Tateyama . zipang2018.peatix.com
Slow Wolves Club
This British/American post-punk quartet have been gigging in and around Tokyo for a few years now . Led by charismatic frontman Paul Nadasdy the band released its eponymous debut album last year to much acclaim . The album features proper bangers including “ Lungs Erect ” and “ He 's a Writer. ” The band is currently working on a sec-ond album to be released later this year . SWC play at live event “ Run & Gun vol.45 ” at Koenji Showboat with other bands including Aki & Las Damas Primeros , Danny 's Devil 's Blues and In the Air .
June 18 . 7:30pm–10pm . ¥2,000 ( incl . 1 drink ) . Koenji Showboat , 3-17-2 Koenjikita , Suginami-ku . Koenji . www.showboat1993.com
Art & Exhibitions
The Art of Portraiture in The Louvre
This summer , the Louvre Museum and the National Art Center of Tokyo pair up to offer an exclusive exhibition on its evolution . More than a hundred works from all the departments of the Parisian museum are presented and capture the characteristics , the continuities and the ruptures of the representation of men and women from Ancient Egypt to the European nineteenth century .
The exhibition goes through the different roles of portraiture overtime : fixing the memory of loved ones , celebrating the power of leaders or simply playing with one 's own image . This transversal approach provides a complete depiction of the evolution of portraiture from its birth to the subversion of its codes of representation. “ The Art of Portraiture ” is also the occasion to enjoy the exceptional showcase of masterpieces like the portrait of Alexander the Great , Napoleon and Veronese 's La Bella Nani .
May 30–Sept 3 . Closed Tuesdays except August 14 . 10am–6pm ( Closes late on Fridays and Saturdays , until 8pm in June , until 9pm in July , August , September ) . ¥1,600 for adults , discounts for students . Special Exhibition Gallery 1E , The National Art Center , Tokyo . 7-22-2 Roppongi , Minato-ku . Nogizaka . www.nact.jp/english/
Transparency Market Research has published a new report titled “ Itaconic Acid Market – Global Industry Analysis , Size , Share , Growth , Trends and Forecast 2015 – 2023 ” . According to the report , the global itaconic acid market was valued at US $ 126.4 Mn in 2014 and is anticipated to reach US $ 204.6 Mn by 2023 , expanding at a CAGR of 5.5 % between 2015 and 2023 .
Read Report Overview @
https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/itaconic-acid-market.html
Itaconic acid is an important building block in the chemical industry . It is a white crystalline powder and readily biodegrades in soil . Hence , it is an optimum substitute for petro-derived chemicals such as acrylic acid , maleic anhydride , or acetone cyanohydrin in various end-user industries . The demand for itaconic acid is high in the manufacturing of superabsorbent polymers ( SAP ) . Itaconic acid is used as a cross-linking agent due to its ability to efficiently take part in addition polymerization . SAP is readily used in diapers , adult incontinence , and feminine hygiene products . It also finds large application in seed coating , root dipping , ornamental gardens , food packaging , and artificial snow . Moreover , increasing demand for unsaturated polyester resins ( UPR ) in pipes , artificial stones , electrical cabinets , and laminating resins is expected to increase the demand for itaconic acid . High price of itaconic acid is the major factor hampering the growth of itaconic acid market . The prices of itaconic acid are currently higher than its counterparts and hence , the potential for replacement is less significant . However , the growth potential is slated to rise in the near future due to the ongoing development and exploration of novel production technology .
Synthetic latex was the largest application segment of the itaconic acid market in terms of volume in 2014 and held more than 55 % share of the global itaconic acid market . The segment is expected to witness the second fastest growth rate during the forecast period . Detergents application segment is projected to be a sluggish growing market from 2015 to 2023 . Poly itaconic acid ( a derivative of itaconic acid ) has the potential to replace sodium tripolyphospate in detergents . However , strong establishment of other phosphate-free builders impedes the growth of itaconic acid in detergents application . Others application segment such as lubricant oil , adhesives , paints & coatings , pharmaceuticals , emulsifiers , herbicides , printing chemicals , and acrylic fiber is expected to expand at a moderate rate from 2015 to 2023 .
Request to view Sample Report :
https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=5492
The global itaconic acid market is highly concentrated in nature ; the top three players accounted for more than 60 % share in 2014 . Key players in the itaconic acid market include : Itaconix Corporation , Chengdu Jinkai Biology Engineering Co. , Ltd. , Jinan Huaming Biological Technology Co. , Ltd. , Zhejiang Guoguang Biochemistry Co. , Ltd. , Shandong Kaison Biochemical Co. , Ltd. , and Qingdao Langyatai ( Group ) Co. , Ltd. among others .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
No special day would be complete without a new hair-style from Ms. Anne-Marie “ Hairstyle ” Tomlinson .
Known for “ hairdos ” to celebrate nearly every occasion Ms. Tomlinson did not disappoint today ( Feb 14 ) adding all things Valentines into their hair do except for chocolate .
They said she 's taking the love from the air and putting it in their hair . They said It took hours to complete the style by putting in teddy-bears and Ms. Tomlinson said they wish everyone in the Cayman islands a happy valentine .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
The Best Fish And Chips In Seattle !
According to Yelp reviews , these are the best . Do you agree ?
I agree with a few of these but a couple that I would like to add to the list . ( Jack 's Fish Spot in Pike Place Market ) and how do you compile this list without Ivar 's ? ? ? ! ! !
Check out the full list HERE .
Brooklyn , NY , July 03 , 2018 — Writing a great email newsletter is one of the most essential parts of the strategy of owning and running a website . To learn more about putting together a powerful email newsletter that people will want to read and engage with , check out this infographic created by Designmodo.com . The infographic provides information on everything you could want to know about putting together a solid email newsletter .
Email newsletters are regularly distributed publications containing information about a business or organization . Email newsletters can be simple as a link to a new blog post , or complex to showcase a new product or a collection of deals during the holidays .
The infographic exposes the essential elements of a high converting email newsletter . This includes the structure , a compelling headline , suitable images and visuals along with well-written content .
Second , read more about how to create a successful call to action . The infographic also explains the best design practices and tools for creating a high-converting email newsletter .
Email marketing is one of the most efficient mediums , but without optimizing campaigns for conversion you could be wasting your efforts and missing out on valuable clicks , sales and profit for your business . When planning and creating an email marketing campaign , whether it be a regular newsletter , announcement or marketing deal , follow the principles of high-converting email campaigns to improve overall outcomes .
About Designmodo : Founded in 2010 , Designmodo provides articles , tutorials and industry news about trends and techniques . Designmodo excels at websites and builders creation designed for developers and non-tech users .
Contact :
A.Val
Designmodo
Brooklyn , NY 11249
Phone : +1 ( 646 ) 492-9315
info @ designmodo.com
https : //designmodo.com/
Report : Prince Harry Invited Obamas To Their Wedding And Guess The Orange Fool Who Did n't Get An Invite
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — The California murder case against New York real estate heir Robert Durst took a trip back in time Tuesday to the mysterious disappearance of their first wife in 1982 .
Prosecutors seeking to get testimony on the record from elderly witnesses and those who fear Durst could have them whacked began calling witnesses in Los Angeles Superior Court even before a judge rules whether the aging mogul goes to trial in the 2000 killing of Susan Berman , their best friend .
Dr. Albert Kuperman , 85 , a retired associate dean at Albert Einstein College of Medicine , testified that Durst 's wife , Kathleen , was a bright , attractive , smartly dressed medical student .
On Feb. 1 , 1982 , Kuperman got a call from a woman who identified themselves as Kathie Durst and said they were sick with diarrhea and a headache and would n't make it to their first day of a pediatrics clerkship in their final year of medical school .
The call was long believed to be the last conversation anyone had with Kathie Durst . But Deputy District Attorney John Lewin suggested while interrogating Durst two years ago that someone else placed the call .
Durst told Lewin that filmmakers who interviewed them extensively for the six-part HBO series “ The Jinx : The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst ” thought Berman posed as Kathie Durst on the call . Durst disputed that and said Berman never would have made the call .
Durst was arrested two years ago on the murder charge in New Orleans just before the final episode of “ The Jinx ” aired in which they are heard muttering to themselves on a live microphone : “ You 're caught ! What the hell did I do ? Killed them all , of course . ”
Durst , 73 , has denied killing either woman , and their lawyers have said it 's absurd to suggest they could have witnesses knocked off . They have pleaded not guilty to one count of first-degree murder in the fatal shooting of Berman in their Los Angeles house just before Christmas 2000 .
Berman and Durst had been close friends since they attended the University of California , Los Angeles . Berman , the daughter of a Las Vegas mobster and a writer , acted as Durst 's unofficial spokesperson after their wife 's disappearance .
Prosecutors contend Durst killed them because they thought they were going to speak with police about Kathie Durst 's disappearance . Kathie Durst was never found , but Deputy District Attorney Habib Balian said Tuesday authorities believe it 's a “ no-body homicide . ”
When defense lawyer Dick DeGuerin objected to that term , Balian snapped , “ Do you have them body ? ”
Durst , who is frail and hunched , walked into court Tuesday after making previous entrances in a wheelchair . They turned slowly and scanned the gallery packed with reporters .
One face they may have recognized was New York Times writer Charles Bagli , who has covered the case since Kathie Durst disappeared .
DeGuerin asked the judge to boot Bagli from the courtroom because they may be called to testify .
Bagli has previously interviewed a “ secret witness , ” who has not yet been named because of concerns for their safety and is expected to testify Wednesday . DeGuerin does n't want Bagli to hear that “ sensational testimony ” because it could influence their own testimony about conflicting accounts the witness has provided .
Deputy District Attorney John Lewin said the courtroom should be open to the press , and they asked for a full hearing on the matter .
Judge Mark Windham allowed Bagli to stay in the courtroom for Kuperman 's testimony and said they would take up the other matter later .
A New York Times spokesperson did n't immediately comment .
Windham is allowing the rare conditional testimony for older witnesses and a couple who fear for their safety . The testimony recorded on video would only be used if the witness could n't appear at trial .
Windham wo n't decide until a preliminary hearing , tentatively scheduled for October , whether Durst even goes to trial .
Kuperman testified throughout the day as Balian tried to show Kathie Durst was a good student who was close to graduating and making career plans in medicine .
But DeGuerin provided records showing they had a spotty attendance , had dropped out of three clerkships in one year and their absences had drawn the attention of a fellow dean .
Kuperman , who has been interviewed by various detectives and prosecutors over three decades , said it was strange Kathie Durst called them and not the chief resident of the clerkship they were to start that day . But until recent years when they were re-interviewed , they had never questioned that it was them on the phone .
Asked by DeGuerin if Lewin had planted that seed of doubt , Kuperman replied : “ I think that 's when it began to gel . ”
A man breathes through an oxygen mask as another one receives treatments , after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib , Syria April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
WASHINGTON The Pentagon and the White House are in detailed discussions on military options to respond to a poison gas attack in Syria that killed scores of civilians , and which Washington has blamed on the Syrian government , a U.S. official said on Thursday .
Those options include things like grounding aircraft used by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces , the official added , speaking on condition of anonymity .
Such options also include use of cruise missiles - which allow the United States to strike targets without putting piloted aircraft in the skies above Syria .
The official did not comment on how likely military action might be or suggest which , if any , options might be recommended by the Pentagon .
But the official added that U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and White House national security adviser H.R . McMaster had already been engaged in extensive talks on the matter .
Mattis will presumably discuss the options when they meet with President Donald Trump at their Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida , the official said . Mattis is due in Florida later on Thursday as part of a scheduled trip tied to the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping .
Trump said on Thursday that `` something should happen '' with Assad after the attack , but stopped short of saying they should leave office . U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said however , there was no role for Assad in Syria in the future .
`` I think what Assad did is terrible , '' Trump told reporters travelling with them on Air Force One en route to Florida . `` I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity and he 's there , and I guess he 's running things , so something should happen , '' Trump said .
Their accusations against Assad put them directly at odds with Moscow , the Syrian president 's principal backer .
POSSIBLE NEW FRONT
Any U.S. action against Syria 's government would open a new front in Syria 's fighting , with consequences that are difficult to foresee .
Entering into such a confrontation might complicate the fight against Islamic State - a group seen to directly threaten the West - and potentially draw in Russia .
Among other valid military targets in Syria would be Syrian military airfields , air defences and other types of Syrian military installations . The official played down the idea that Russian military infrastructure might be a target .
Although any chemical weapons storage facilities would also be valid military targets , it was not immediately clear how much intelligence the United States had collected on where Assad might be storing the kinds of nerve agent it believes was used in the most recent attack .
The U.S. military , which has deployed around 1,000 troops in Syria , who are there without the invitation or consent of Syria 's government , has long said its singular focus in Syria has been on the war against Islamic State .
That conflict is reaching a critical point as U.S.-backed forces isolate the city of Raqqa - the militants ' de facto capital - ahead of an eventual assault .
( Reporting by Phil Stewart ; Editing by Alistair Bell and Peter Cooney )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WASHINGTON — Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC 's `` Megyn Kelly Today . ''
Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades .
The White House called the claims false and `` totally disputed in most cases . '' It said , `` the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes . ''
One of the accusers , Rachel Crooks , called the White House statement `` laughable . ''
Crooks said of sexual misconduct : `` I think politicians seem to be immune to this . ''
Holvey described the pain the women felt after Trump 's victory . `` We are private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there , to try to show America who this man is , and especially how they view women , for them to say , 'Meh , we do n't care , ' it hurt . ''
The women , who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election , were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump 's alleged behavior . They cited the recent revelations of sexual misconduct by prominent men in business , media and politics , for their decision to speak out publicly against Trump once again .
`` The environment 's different , '' Holvey said . `` Let 's try again . ''
SHANGHAI , March 29 Dutch dairy Royal FrieslandCampina N.V. said on Wednesday a joint venture with embattled China Huishan Dairy Holdings Co Ltd remained operational but that it was `` closely monitoring '' the situation after Huishan Dairy saw its shares plummet over financing concerns .
Huishan Dairy , one of the top dairy farmers in China that saw $ 4 billion wiped off its shares in a single day last week , said on Tuesday that it had missed loan repayments and lost contact with a key executive in charge of its finances and cash .
`` FrieslandCampina is closely monitoring the situation and will , if necessary , take appropriate action to ensure successful continuation of the joint venture 's activities in the Chinese market , '' the Dutch firm said in a statement on its website .
It said the joint venture , Friesland Huishan Dairy , remained operational and that the firm was focused on ensuring continuity for employees , customers and suppliers .
Huishan Dairy and FrieslandCampina each own 50 percent of the joint venture firm which produces and markets infant milk formula and other dairy products in China .
Huishan Dairy 's Hong Kong-listed shares are currently suspended . ( Reporting by Adam Jourdan ; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu )
The Trump Administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets , and how much to charge .
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for Trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act , but that some Republicans have opposed .
The payments – known as cost-sharing reduction payments – reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they 're required by law to offer to low-income customers . The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $ 7 billion .
Trump has said they may end the reimbursements , which they call `` bailouts , '' and has been leaving insurers to wonder month-to-month about whether they will receive a check .
A White House spokesperson says Trump is `` working with their staff and their cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments . ''
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it 's offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments . In a memo Friday , the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they wo n't be reimbursed .
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments , their rates will see double-digit increases . For example , Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent .
The HHS memo says `` there have been no changes regarding HHS 's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers . ''
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA 's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments .
The changes are technical and complex , but Timothy Jost , professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University 's law school , says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion .
`` We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind , '' they say .
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office .
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Obama , saying the payments are illegal because Congress had n't appropriated money for them . A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal .
Now that Trump is in the White House , and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed , many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets .
The background of WA Labor 's latest candidate for Darling Range has been extensively scrutinised , the premier says , after the party 's last MP and a parliamentary hopeful for the state seat proved to be embarrassments .
Woodside manager Tania Lawrence is the party 's second candidate in as many weeks for the June 23 by-election , which was triggered by the resignation of disgraced Labor-turned-independent MP Barry Urban , who lied about their education and police service record .
Premier Mark McGowan said vetting for Ms Lawrence had been `` extensive '' given their predecessor Colleen Yates quit the race last week - just days after being endorsed - over exaggerations in their online resume .
`` Obviously in elections going forward in Western Australia , clearly there will be a lot more scrutiny of individual candidates , '' Mr McGowan told reporters on Thursday .
`` There 's been extensive examination and I 'm totally confident in Tania . ''
Ms Lawrence , who has also worked in the public sector including in counter-terrorism , said they produced physical evidence of their study history and was asked if the Urban and Yates dramas had put them off nominating .
`` Obviously there are significant and concerning issues in relation to Barry Urban and more recently Colleen Yates , and I understand that , I recognise that but I 'm putting that past behind me , '' they said .
`` I 'm here now and do believe I can be that strong working voice for the electorate .
`` I have been as heavily scrutinised as I have in the past when I filled out national security clearances for government . ''
Asked if they were a `` captain 's pick '' , the premier said he 'd been a strong advocate for them
Opposition spokesperson Tony Krsticevic said they had no faith Labor had got things right the third time around .
Mr Krsticevic also criticised the ALP 's policy of having candidates delete their social media accounts once endorsed .
`` If they have nothing to hide , why would they be doing that as a matter of course ? '' they said .
When it came time to decide whether or not to cancel Roseanne after its titular star made racist comments on Twitter , there was little debate .
Still , the move could cost the network financially : ABC and Disney may up the actors “ tens of millions of dollars ” because of their contracts for season 11 , according to The Hollywood Reporter . ( ABC did not comment . )
THR reports that Sara Gilbert , Laurie Metcalf and John Goodman had secured salaries of $ 350,000 per episode and “ are expecting to still be compensated . ”
In an email memo sent to the ABC staff titled “ Our Values , ” Disney/ABC Television Group president Ben Sherwood explained the decision behind canceling the hit show .
“ Much has been said and written about yesterday 's decision to cancel the Roseanne show , ” they wrote . “ In the end , it came down to doing what 's right and upholding our values of inclusion , tolerance , and civility . ”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
On Monday , the comedian shared a since-deleted attack on former Barack Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett , who is black , comparing them to an ape . The network canceled Roseanne hours later .
The writers for Roseanne learned of the sitcom 's cancellation through media reports — and on the same day they were set to work on season two of the reboot .
Ben Sherwoood just sent this out to ABC staff re : Roseanne pic.twitter.com/UPOggwC7k1 — Oliver Darcy ( @ oliverdarcy ) May 30 , 2018
Sherwood then apologized to the members of the cast and crew who “ poured their hearts and lives ” into the show and were shocked by the sudden cancelation .
“ Not enough , however , has been said about the many men and woman who poured their hearts and lives into the show and were just getting started on the next season , ” they continued . “ We 're so sorry they were swept up in all of this and we give thanks for their remarkable talents , wish them well and hope to find another way to work together down the road . ”
Sherwood ended the email with a reminder of how powerful words can be .
Roseanne cast Robert Trachtenberg/ABC
“ Today we move forward , together , full speed , ” they concluded .
After claiming they were quitting Twitter following the backlash , Barr went on yet another Twitter spree Tuesday night , blaming their racist remark on using the prescription insomnia drug Ambien .
Roseanne Barr Vera Anderson/WireImage
“ Do n't feel sorry for me , guys ! ! -I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people , and wonderful writers ( all liberal ) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet , ” they wrote .
“ Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me . It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible [ sic ] . I made a mistake I wish I had n't but…do n't defend it please , ” they added .
BEIJING : At least eight people were killed in a knife attack on a crowd in China 's restive Xinjiang region , including three assailants who were gunned down by police , local officials said on Wednesday .
Ten other people were injured in the attack on Tuesday evening in Pishan County , according to an announcement issued by the government of the nearby city of Hotan .
Police sped to the scene within a minute of the attack , which remains under investigation , the announcement said , calling the attackers “ rioters ” .
The far-western region is the homeland of the Uighurs – a traditionally Muslim group , many of whom complain of cultural and religious repression and discrimination – and is often hit by deadly unrest .
Beijing regularly accuses what it calls exiled Uighur separatist groups such as the East Turkestan Islamic Movement of orchestrating attacks in the vast , resource-rich region .
But overseas experts have expressed doubts about the strength of the groups and their links to global terrorism , with some saying China exaggerates the threat to justify tough security measures .
Dilxat Raxit , the spokesperson for the exiled World Uyghur Congress , said that police arrested six people after the attack , including two young Uighurs who shared information about the incident over mobile phones .
“ Armed forces in the country are targeting Uighurs for investigation and demanding that Chinese people avoid leaving their homes , ” they said , citing their sources in Xinjiang .
“ I am worried the case will provide China with a new political excuse for repression and will cause more people to face discriminatory inspections or detentions . ”
Last month police killed three “ rioters ” following a manhunt for suspected members of a “ violent terror group ” linked to a 2015 attack in Pishan County , according to the regional government 's official website .
Weeks earlier state media reported that three attackers were shot dead after detonating an explosive device at a local party office in Moyu County , killing two and injuring three .
In November 2015 , police killed 28 members of a “ terrorist group ” over the course of a 56-day manhunt following an attack on a colliery in Aksu two months earlier that left 16 people dead .
In March 2014 , 31 people were knifed to death at a train station in Kunming , in south-western China , with four attackers killed , with Xinjiang separatists blamed and state media dubbing it “ China 's 9/11 ”
A Nassau County partnership that expanded safety checks of limo and other hired drivers for proms led to 30 citations being issued at three dances so far this spring , officials said Wednesday . One driver was cited for driving a `` prom bus '' with a suspended license .
The county police department , and investigators from the county 's Department of Consumer Affairs and the New York State Department of Transportation are stepping up enforcement to weed out for-hire drivers who are operating vehicles without appropriate licensing or registration .
Prom checks began in 2006 , but the DOT is putting more inspectors at Nassau County proms this season , said Gregory May , commissioner of the Taxi & Limousine Commission , which is part of the Consumer Affairs Department .
“ It 's just a much more collaborative process than in the past , ” they said .
The goal is to increase students ' safety on prom night by intergovernmental cooperation , Nassau County Executive Laura Curran said at a news conference Wednesday at Crest Hollow Country Club in Woodbury , a popular prom venue .
“ We want to take some of the worry out of it ” for parents , Curran said .
Parents also are being asked to take a proactive role in prom transportation safety , by asking whether hired drivers are licensed , registered and have clean driving records .
The Department of Consumer Affairs issued 27 citations this spring at proms held by Walter G. O'Connell Copiague High School and St. Anthony 's High School , both of which were held at Crest Hollow , and Plainedge High School , whose prom was held at a Marriott hotel in Uniondale .
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter ! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Some citations were issued for drivers not having so-called hack licenses from a municipality in Nassau County or the county itself , or they were operating vehicles not registered with the Taxi & Limousine Commission , May said .
Hired drivers who have gone through the county 's licensing process have an annual drug test and have undergone a New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services criminal background check .
In recent years , there has been an uptick in the hiring of prom buses , which includes any limo carrying more than 14 passengers , and they are regulated by the DOT , May said .
This spring , the DOT issued three citations for prom buses that were deemed to be out of service because two had nonfunctioning emergency equipment and one had a driver with a suspended license .
In the case of Uber and Lyft , Consumer Affairs investigators fine drivers who are driving vehicles that are different from those they have registered with the ride-sharing companies , May said .
Increased enforcement of hired-car services is needed not only for safety of passengers but also to ensure they get to and from their destinations as planned , said James Howard , assistant manager of S & G Limousine in Merrick .
“ Lots of people who own limousines that are n't licensed , they do n't have the stamps and everything ... they get towed that night , ” they said .
The prom citations carry civil penalties from $ 250 to $ 1,500 , May said . No arrests were made at the dances . Officials declined to name the cited companies because they can appeal .
No students were left without transportation after the proms , since the limo companies provided replacement drivers or vehicles for those cited , May said .
Consumer Affairs issued about 1,200 citations for hired-car violations in May and June 2016 , and between 1,500 and 1,600 citations during the same period last year , May said . About half of those citations in each two-month period were for proms , they said .
They expect the number of prom-related citations to be higher this year .
New Delhi : Facebook CEO and founder Mark Zuckerberg 's net worth plunged by a whopping $ 5.1 billion in less than a day as the social media giant was pounded by criticism at home and abroad over revelations that a firm working for Donald Trump 's presidential campaign harvested and misused data on 50 million members .
Calls for investigations came on both sides of the Atlantic after Facebook responded to explosive reports of misuse of its data by suspending the account of Cambridge Analytica , a British firm hired by Trump 's 2016 campaign .
Zuckerberg , who owns about 16 percent of Facebook 's shares , is now worth an estimated USD 69.6 billion , according to Forbes ' real-time rankings of the world 's billionaires .
According to Forbes magazine 's annual billionaires list published on the first week of this month , Zuckerberg was fifth on the list .
However , as per the real-time rankings , they are currently the tenth-richest person on the planet , down from fifth .
Meanwhile , Facebook said it has hired a digital forensics firm to examine how the data leak occurred and to ensure that any data collected had been destroyed .
Facebook shares skidded 6.8 percent by the close of the Nasdaq on concerns about pressure for new regulations that could hurt its business model .
Shares slipped another percent or so to $ 170 in after-market trades .
The sell-off spread to other technology giants on Wall Street including Apple , Google-parent Alphabet and Netflix . Asian markets extended the losses , with Tokyo-listed Sony down , Samsung falling in Seoul and Tencent retreating in Hong Kong .
With Agency Inputs
A Harrogate pressure group 's sustainable transport policies have won the backing of the town 's leading bus company .
The local head of Transdev said Zero Carbon Harrogate 's sustainable transport vision which was published in last week 's Harrogate Advertiser was to be applauded .
And they said buses had a crucial role to play in a better and more environmentally-friendly future .
Alex Hornby , chief executive of Transdev Blazefield said : “ As The Harrogate Bus Company , we 've been at the heart of the community in Harrogate for over a century and whilst we are proud of our pedigree , we deeply care about the town 's future .
`` That 's why we applaud the vision of Zero Carbon Harrogate and share many of its aims , including the introduction of a new zero-emission electric fleet during early 2018 and the continued roll-out of Euro 6 level emission buses which are less polluting than a new diesel car .
`` Furthermore , the continued congestion and pressure for road space means that buses have to be part of the answer for a sustainable Harrogate both now and in the future , and we are doing all we can to make the bus a better option for people by investing in better buses with hi-spec features and enhanced technology , best value ticketing and information . ”
Zero Carbon Harrogate : A vision of a sustainable transport policy
Highlights from A Sustainable Transport Model report
by Anna Crugan of Zero Carbon Harrogate , with advice from Leeds Beckett University
vision 1
park and ride
( A ) Buses & Bikes
Reducing the volume of traffic coming into the town centre is achievable through park and ride schemes . These would be located in Pannal , the Yorkshire Showground , the gas works and at a location east of Knaresborough .
( B ) Trains for urban
journeys
Adding tain stops for park and ride and additional halts for suburbs such as Knaresborough East and Claro Industrial Estate would take pressure away from the road networks . An additional Stray halt would serve the local secondary schools of Harrogate Grammar School . St Aidan 's High School and Rossett High School .
vision 2
reduce speed limits
( A ) Urban areas
With lower road speeds pedestrians have an actual and perceived sense of improved safety .
Lower speed limits are already adopted in larger cities such as Glasgow where it has led to smoother traffic flows .
( B ) Home Zones
Home zones are residential areas where road speed is reduced to 10 or 20mph .
The road layout and structure encourages pedestrian and cycling priority . Streets become a social space .
Access roads to the home zones are limited to remove ‘ rat running ' of vehicles . Quiet residential streets encourage residents to cycle and walk .
vision 3
strengthen bus routes
Bus routes are the lifeline of a rural economy and protecting connections from Harrogate and Knaresborough to smaller towns is key .
A new orbital service providing links around the outskirts of Harrogate and Knaresborough to places of employment and the hospital would avoid a journey into a town centre and out again .
With the introduction of a park and ride scheme , orbital buses routes are an alternative to the bus park and ride journeys into the town centres .
vision 4
a dense network of cycle routes
In 2019 Harrogate will host the Union Cycliste Internationale Road World Championships .
In our vision of Harrogate & Knaresborough in 2035 , the excellent reputation for sports cycling is complemented by the day-to-day cycling , to work , to school and to transport hubs .
This vision includes a segregated network of bike lanes and making journeys safer and healthier .
Provision of electric bikes that makes the hills less of a challenge provides an option of sustainable travel for the less fit .
Commuting by bike is also less exerting on an electric bike and an option for workers without showers at work .
vision 5
prioritise accessible green space
( A ) Places like The Stray , Nidd Gorge , the Pinewoods , Conyngham Hall and Riverside walk in Knaresborough are more than just a pretty landscape , they are an economic asset and a reason to visit .
The green space also provides environmental services including mitigation of air pollution , carbon storage , control of surface water and flood protection .
( B ) Reconnecting The Stray
Today the Stray is divided by the A61and A59 and is bounded in many areas by parked cars , most of which are avoiding parking costs in the town centre .
Pedestrian access across the Stray is impeded by traffic with many of the pedestrian crossings being located some distance from the natural line of the paths . There are some cycles routes along the Stray but not all these have safe crossing points across the main roads .
In this Vision for 2035 the Stray is expanded around Trinity Church to :
Retain its connectivity between High and Low Harrogate as originally envisaged
Ensure the landscape character of the Stray is enhanced not detracted by free on-street parking Allow more space in other areas of the Stray for cycle paths by adding land
Ensu re the success of park and rides schemes .
vision 6
harrogate gold route
The heart of the conomy of Harrogate is the business visitors to the Convention Centre .
Using Sheffield 's excellent example of urban realm design , Harrogate needs a Gold Route for pedestrians to guide them from the transport hubs of the railway and bus station to all the entrances around the Convention Centre and the Royal Hall .
Implementing the existing Harrogate Town Centre Strategy and Masterplan ( Environmental Associates 2016 ) is a key step towards this vision .
The conference visitor and audiences at the Royal Hall want to spend time networking and socialising in a pleasant environment but , at the moment , the public realm around these areas is disconnected from the historic heart of Harrogate by the A61 .
vision 7
car clubs
Car clubs allow people to access a car occasionally in a community run scheme . Vehicles are provided around the town for hire on an hourly rate , half day or day rate .
Providing low emission electric powered vehicles with charging points would not only help air quality but also help supplement the electric charging network .
For visitors coming to Harrogate and Knaresborough , sustainable tourism could be offered with this model .
Arrive by public transport but have access to a vehicle for an hour , half day or a day to
explore the villages of the district and the Dales .
For residents , access to a car club allows new developments to be designed with less space allocated to vehicles and parking and more of the precious land resource allocated to housing .
THE LATEST Panama earth tremors on January 27 and 31. with a magnitude of 6.6 and 5.6. have been followed by 30 aftershocks and a new quake could follow says The Institute of Goeciencias of the University of Panama ( IGC ) ,
The tremors , originated by the reactivation of a fault in the south of the province of Los Santos .
Néstor Luque , head of the National Seismological Network , said that the telluric movements have been produced by the clashes of the Nazca plates , indicating that there are no declared warnings .
” Replicas will continue due to the release of energy in the area , although in lesser quantity ” . “ It is not ruled out that another earthquake could be generated , but of a lower magnitude , ” said the seismologist .
There were 560 seismic movements in the Azuero region in January .
Jesse Kinch sounds like a man from another time .
The 24-year-old singer-songwriter from Seaford , best known for winning the ABC music competition “ Rising Star ” in 2014 , has the deep , booming voice of a ‘ 70s rock star and they wield it well on their debut “ I 'm Not Like Everybody Else ” ( Curb ) . There 's a bit of Doors-ish drama in the title track , where Kinch 's swaggering vocals tower over the soaring strings and hard-rocking guitar . “ After All These Lovers ” has the throwback phrasing of latter-day Elvis Presley , while their bluesy growl on Spencer Davis Group 's “ I 'm a Man ” rivals the original .
`` This album truly represents me as an artist , and embodies the many greats who have paved the way and have lent me their inspiration , ” Kinch says in a statement . “ Most importantly , this album is true to my vision and all those who have loved , supported , and believed in me throughout this long journey . ”
Kinch 's inventiveness is on display by giving the Chris Cornell version of Michael Jackson 's “ Billie Jean ” a more Led Zeppelin-like twist , though their straightforward take on The Beatles ' super-sweet “ This Boy ” is the album 's unexpected gem . It 's a sure sign that Kinch 's star will continue to rise .
Contact The Long Island Sound at glenn.gamboa @ newsday.com or follow @ ndmusic on Twitter .
April 13 Hong Kong stocks pulled back on Thursday in thin trading as investors were reluctant to stake out positions amid simmering geopolitical tensions .
The benchmark Hang Seng index dropped 0.2 percent , to 24,261.66 points , while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index was roughly flat at 10,204.34 .
Geopolitical risks around the Korean peninsula and the Middle East checked investors ' appetite for risk . South Korea said on Thursday it believed it would be consulted by the United States before any possible pre-emptive U.S. strike against Pyongyang .
Markets were also pondering U.S. President Donald Trump 's comments to the Wall Street Journal that they preferred interest rates kept low .
On the data from , China reported its overall trade surplus rose in March after logging its first deficit in three years in February .
Most sectors in Hong Kong retreated at the close , with resource stocks leading the decline . An index tracking the sector lost 0.7 percent .
Interest-sensitive property stocks climbed to 6-1/2-month high and gained 0.5 percent at the close . Hong Kong 's currency peg to the U.S. dollar ensures that borrowing cost closely follow that of the United States .
China Unicom Hong Kong Ltd was up around 1.9 percent on Thursday , with optimism towards the telecom operator 's restructuring reform offsetting its revenue decline in 2016 from the previous year .
( Reporting by Jackie Cai and John Ruwitch ; Editing by Shri Navaratnam )
1:51 Lockheed 's F-35 and the Legacy of Air Supremacy Pause
2:51 DACA holder voices their fears with a Trump administration
1:12 Man 's best friend also becomes man 's best colleague
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:20 Cases of carbon monoxide poisoning rise when temperatures drop
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
Warning : The following post contains spoilers from Wednesday 's series finale of The Americans . Do n't peek behind this iron curtain if you do n't want to know .
We were expecting bloodshed… and we shed tears instead .
FX 's Cold War spy drama The Americans drew to a close on Wednesday with a magnificently heart-wrenching series finale that , shockingly , did n't end with any characters dying . Instead , Philip and Elizabeth fled back to their homeland of Russia physically unscathed… but without their children Paige and Henry , who both remained back in America . ( Henry was left out of the loop entirely , but Paige chose to ditch their parents and get off a train just before it crossed the border to Canada . ) Stan confronted the Jennings family with their suspicions , and got them to come clean — but let them escape without stopping them . Oh , and Philip warned Stan that their wife Renee might be a spy , too ( ! ) .
After we downed a ceremonial shot of vodka to steady our nerves , TVLine reached out to executive producers Joe Weisberg and Joel Fields to dissect the series finale . Read on for their take on Philip and Elizabeth 's “ new start , ” why they decided to not reveal Renee 's true identity… and how they chose an iconic U2 hit as the soundtrack for one last '80s montage .
TVLINE | You 've said that you 've had the ending for the series in mind since Season 2 . So how closely did this ending match what you had back then ?
JOE WEISBERG | Joel and I were just having a conversation about this earlier : I think that Joel thinks it 's identical , and I think it 's almost identical .
TVLINE | The series finale is titled “ START , ” and that refers to the U.S.-Soviet arms treaty , but is that ending also a new start for Philip and Elizabeth , and their marriage ?
JOEL FIELDS | I think so . It 's both a new start , and a continuation . At this point , they 've made it through everything any couple could ever have to endure together , and they 've managed to stay together . So in that way , they 're proceeding from a strong base . But on the other hand , oh my God ! They 're now going back to this country that both of them left so long ago , and do n't know anymore . They 're starting over without their kids , which anyone can imagine how horrible and tragic and painful that 's going to be . We often talk about the show as about immigrants . They had , in a sense , immigrated to America , and one of them wanted to assimilate more than the other , but they made that trip . And now you can say they went back home , but in another way , they 're immigrating again . So it is a new start , in another way . And who could 've put it more stoutly , steadfastly , painfully and beautifully than Elizabeth when they say , “ We 'll get used to it ” ?
TVLINE | The biggest surprise of the finale for me : No one died ! I was tense right up until that final car ride with Philip and Elizabeth , thinking they might get whacked . Is it almost sadder , though , to force everyone to live with the consequences of their actions ?
FIELDS | Well… it depends on your belief about the afterlife , I suppose . [ Laughs ] But for us , it was always going to be about the character drama . That 's what we 've been following all along , and it felt totally right that that 's what we 'd follow through the final frames of the show .
TVLINE | The scene with Stan in the garage : It felt like six seasons had been building up to that moment . Was that a scene that you had in mind for the finale way back in Season 2 ?
WEISBERG | No , that was not planned . That was not part of the ending that we figured from the beginning . I think we always assumed that there would be a confrontation , that Stan would either figure out , or that , one way or another , they would have to face off . There 's too much to be confronted in those relationships , so that seemed to want to come to a head . But we did n't know that it would happen like that .
TVLINE | So why did Stan decide to step aside and let the Jennings family go , when they had them cornered ?
FIELDS | You know , that falls into the category of questions we want to let the audience come up with their own answers to , rather than impose our own on it . We can certainly give you an answer . We have answers . But we want to sort of let the story speak for itself on that one . People will come up with different answers , and their own interpretations of where Stan 's at , and what happened during that scene to bring them to that point .
TVLINE | OK , fair enough . But can we assume that Stan got that coded message back to Russia ? Since Gorbachev did make it back ?
WEISBERG | Well , no , you do n't have to assume that . You just assume that , as Philip and Elizabeth said to him , they had to get back . Because there really was n't a way for that coded message to get back anymore . So Philip and Elizabeth become the coded message . It 's their return that 's going to change things there .
TVLINE | What kind of consequences is Paige facing now , after having stepped off that train ?
WEISBERG | Well , first of all , the consequences she 's going to face for everything that 's happened , on an emotional and personal level , are obviously extreme . But the question of whether or not she 's going to face legal consequences , I think , is a little bit muddy . I do n't think we know the answer to that . It 's possible that the FBI may not have evidence about anything she 's done that 's clearly a crime . So they may not be in any kind of extreme legal jeopardy , as long as they do n't walk themselves into a corner . We do n't think that it 's clear she 's headed to jail .
TVLINE | Will Henry ever be able to live a normal life ? Is this the best-case scenario for him , out of a very bad situation ?
FIELDS | We always talked from the beginning about Henry as the one who , in that whole family , was really the one American . Paige seemed to have inherited their parents ' Russian soul , along with some American soul , too , from growing up . But Henry did n't seem to . Henry seemed to really be an American kid , and to have the best chance of surviving all the stuff that came with growing up in that family . Now , nevertheless , here they are now , at the end of this thing , experiencing this incredible trauma . And we ca n't tell you what 's going to happen . We do n't know what 's going to happen ! But those are some of the forces at play .
TVLINE | Oleg might be the one to face the most consequences from all of this . It was really kind of heroic of him , though , right ? They were willing to spend the rest of their life in prison because this was that important to him .
FIELDS | Yeah , that 's a high price they paid . That 's something you try not to think about when you take those risks . But ultimately , there they are . He 's left a lot behind , and they and their family are suffering a lot . For me and Joe , that 's our sweet spot : making everybody suffer . [ Laughs ]
TVLINE | You left the question of whether or not Renee is a spy unanswered . Was that to leave Stan wondering about who he 's sharing their bed with ?
WEISBERG | Well , that 's certainly something that 's going to hang over their marriage a bit , one would think . To us , in a way , we thought that [ revelation from Philip ] was a powerful thing to give [ Stan ] , in terms of their own struggle , but also in terms of who Philip had become , and where their relationship was at . Philip was n't going to walk out of that garage without telling their friend what they thought might be possible there , even if they are n't sure .
TVLINE | You gave us one final killer montage , set to U2 's “ With or Without You. ” Was that a song you had tucked away in your back pocket for the finale ?
FIELDS | Not at all . In fact , we really struggled to find the right song for that . I think when we first had the idea to try that song before we even put it up against picture , the first thing we did was scramble for our iPhones to see when it had been released . Because we did n't want to fall in love with it and then find out that it had come out two months after the events of the finale , and not be able to use it . But sure enough , it had come out that year , and we listened to it again against picture , and it just could n't have been more magical .
TVLINE | Any storylines that you wish you had time to get to in the final season , and just did n't have room for ? Did you ever think about checking in with Martha again , for example ?
WEISBERG | Not really . I think we knew that story was over . We love how it ended last season , so we did n't want to return there this season . And no , there really was n't anything else . I think one of the nice things about having the luxury of the time to tell the stories we wanted to tell , and knowing two seasons in advance that we 'd have two more seasons , is we were really able to tell every story we wanted to tell , the way we wanted to tell it . It 's hard to even express what a good feeling that is , when you 've worked this long on something , and so many people have put so much into it , to feel that you do n't have to leave anything out there hanging , or anything untold . It 's a great feeling .
Alright , comrades : Now it 's your turn . Grade The Americans ‘ series finale , and Season 6 as a whole , in our polls below , then hit the comments to share your post-finale thoughts .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) — Ryan Shazier was everywhere . Their helmet rested on the Pittsburgh Steelers ' bench . Their jersey too . Their face and # Shalieve stitched on specially-designed cleats . Their familiar No . 50 printed in white in the middle of a gold circle on T-shirts worn by teammates searching for a way to let Shazier know they are never far from their mind as they recover from a spinal injury that put the linebacker 's blossoming career in jeopardy .
Shazier may never play football again . That does n't make them any less of a Steeler . And the men who have taken so much from them over the last three-plus years decided it was time they gave them something back in return : the AFC North title they ordered them to lock down without him .
Chris Boswell made a 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds left and Pittsburgh 's defense overcame a shaky night without their most dynamic player to shut down Baltimore 's last-gasp drive and hold on for a 39-38 victory on Sunday night to capture their third division title in the last four years .
“ We are riding with that guy , ” head coach Mike Tomlin said of Shazier . “ He is strong . They are strengthening us . ”
Looked like it .
The Steelers ( 11-2 ) trailed by 11 points going into the fourth quarter but capped an emotionally draining week to rally for their eighth straight victory , one they could n't wait to share with Shazier , who joined the giddy postgame celebration via Facetime .
Ben Roethlisberger threw for 506 yards and two touchdowns , becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times . Antonio Brown caught 11 passes for 213 yards , including two long gains in the fourth quarter that allowed the Steelers to recover after blowing an early 14-point lead . Le'Veon Bell had 125 yards of total offense and scored three touchdowns .
“ We can win a shootout against anybody , ” Bell said . “ I feel like we can score points whenever we need to . ”
Good thing , because Pittsburgh might have to . The Ravens ( 7-6 ) rolled up 414 yards against the NFL 's fourth-ranked defense and recovered from a slow start to score on five consecutive drives and six out of seven to take a 38-29 lead on Javorius Allen 's second touchdown with 6:44 left .
Not much time against most teams . Far too much against the Steelers .
Roethlisberger and Brown , who is mounting a legitimate MVP candidacy , hooked up on a 57-yard connection set up an 11-yard sprint by Bell with 3:29 to go . The Steelers forced the Ravens into a three-and-out and Roethlisberger calmly led Pittsburgh within field goal range , including a 34-yard lob down the sideline to Brown that set up Boswell 's winner .
Baltimore 's Joe Flacco threw for 269 yards passing with two touchdowns and one interception but was strip-sacked by rookie linebacker T.J. Watt on the Ravens ' final snap .
“ This one hurts , ” Ravens linebacker Terrell Suggs said . “ We lose to them the same way we did last year . This one sucks , but we 've got to get over it . Yeah , this one 's going to hurt but it 's best for us to have a short memory on this one because if we win out there 's a good chance we 'll be in ( the playoffs ) . ”
Shazier , who 's been in the hospital since injuring their spine in the first quarter of last week 's victory over Cincinnati , told their teammates to finish the work they helped start . Even as they celebrated an important step in a journey they hope will carry them deep into the postseason , they were making plans to keep Shazier involved , starting with a late-night trip to the hospital to deliver them their AFC North champions ' swag .
“ We are going to give them the hat and T-shirt tonight , ” good friend and fellow inside linebacker Vince Williams said .
When someone mentioned visitor 's hours were probably over , Williams repeated “ tonight. ” Then , it was home to rest before preparing for a showdown with New England next Sunday .
“ That 's the crazy part about the NFL , things constantly change and you 've got to keep rolling , ” Williams said . “ So you 've got to find a way to roll with the punches even though it may be a haymaker , got to find a way to recover . ”
HONORING SHAZIER
Linebacker James Harrison took to the field shirtless during warmups even as temperatures hovered in the low-30s , a nod to one of Shazier 's pregame rituals . When Roosevelt Nix drilled Moore on the opening kickoff , Nix lifted their jersey to show the T-shirt most of the Steelers wore at some point during the night .
BRING ON THE PATS
The Steelers fell to New England in a one-sided loss in the AFC championship game 10 months ago . They 're not exactly intimidated by the prospect of facing Tom Brady and company .
“ You act like they 're coming in with Kryptonite , Superman and Batman and Avatars and stuff , ” Pittsburgh center Maurkice Pouncey said . “ Heck yeah , it 's a regular football game , what do you mean ? We 're going to go out there , tackle the football and run the football . ”
UP NEXT
Ravens : Visit winless Cleveland next Sunday . Baltimore beat the Browns 24-10 on Sept. 17 .
Steelers : Will try to beat Brady and New England for the first time since 2011 next Sunday .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
CENTRELINK , Medicare and Child Support customers should plan ahead for the Easter long weekend .
Department service centres and most phone lines will be closed on Good Friday ( 30 March ) and Easter Monday ( 2 April ) , and people receiving payments may have changes to their reporting dates .
Department of Human Services General Manager Hank Jongen said payments would not be delayed by the holidays but some people would receive their payments slightly earlier .
`` People who are due to receive their Centrelink payment on a national public holiday , like Good Friday or Easter Monday , may be paid beforehand and will need to budget for a slightly longer period between payment dates , '' Mr Jongen said .
`` Those who need to report job search efforts or earnings to the department may need to report early in order to avoid a delay in their payments .
`` Remember that when reporting , people must include estimates of their earnings or other changes for their normal 14-day assessment period . This is because while their reporting date may be different , their assessment period remains the same .
`` People who miss their reporting date will have up to 13 days after that date to report their income . However , they wo n't be paid until they have reported . ''
Mr Jongen said other services would experience no interruption over the break , including online services , BasicsCard balance transfers and some Medicare patient claims .
`` People can still use myGov online services , Express Plus mobile apps and phone self-service to check their reporting dates , update details and report earnings quickly and easily , '' Mr Jongen said .
`` Medicare claims can continue to be lodged at the doctor 's office , online or through the Express Plus Medicare app .
`` People can go online or use their mobile app to check if they 've received their Centrelink payments before phone lines close for the long weekend . ''
People can transfer funds to their BasicsCard throughout the holiday period by using self service options or calling 1800 132 594 between 8am - 5pm . BasicsCard balances can be checked at any time by calling 1800 057 111 .
For more information about holiday period reporting and payment dates visit humanservices.gov.au/holidays .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — The Los Angeles Rams learned an important lesson about how close the margin for error might be in the playoffs with their 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday .
The Rams were left hoping that penalties to extend Eagles ' scoring drives and late turnovers wo n't ultimately cost them a chance to use that education this season .
Self-inflicted mistakes proved decisive in a game that looked , felt and played out like a postseason contest . Former St. Louis Rams defensive end Chris Long stripped quarterback Jared Goff to set up Jake Elliott 's go-ahead 33-yard field goal with 3:45 remaining . Brandon Graham returned a fumble 16 yards for a touchdown on the last play , when the Rams tried a series of desperation laterals .
“ It 's a little too early to be talking about the lessons , you know , to be taken from this , ” center John Sullivan said . “ It just comes down to we have to make a few more plays . Thankfully it 's still the regular season , but we got to win those games . ”
Coach Sean McVay took the blame for the strip-sack , saying they should have been more cautious in calling a pass play immediately after right tackle Rob Havenstein exited with an ankle injury . Long overpowered backup Darrell Williams and knocked the ball out of Goff 's hand , with another former Ram , safety Rodney McLeod , making the recovery .
“ I do n't regret ever being aggressive , but being more situationally aware and how I can put our team in a better spot I would say is probably the more appropriate term , and that 's something I 'll learn from , ” McVay said .
The Rams ' defense was just as culpable , with its issues much more glaring . Cornerback Trumaine Johnson was called for unsportsmanlike conduct in the third quarter for jawing with Eagles receiver Alshon Jeffrey after an incomplete pass on third down . Instead of settling for a field goal attempt , Carson Wentz threw a 2-yard touchdown pass to Jeffrey eight plays later .
McVay said Johnson had been previously warned by the officials to cut the chatter .
Defensive tackle Aaron Donald was also called for illegal leverage on a field goal , allowing the Eagles to run an additional 2:01 off the clock in the fourth quarter and reducing the chances for the Rams to stage a late comeback .
“ Against a great team like that , there are things that you ca n't do , and we can not afford to beat ourselves , ” McVay said . “ It 's a great learning opportunity for us . There were a handful of things that took place in that game that we will learn from . We 'll learn from our mistakes , including me . Starting with me . And this week provides a great chance for us to respond quickly . ”
The Rams face the Seattle Seahawks next Sunday in a game that could decide which team wins the NFC West . Some downtrodden Rams players perked up in the locker room after hearing about the Seahawks ' 30-24 loss at Jacksonville . But Sullivan immediately recognized it as a lost opportunity to take a two-game lead in the division and reduce the possibility of the head-to-head tiebreaker coming into play .
“ It 's a game we would have loved to have won , put a little more distance in the division , ” Sullivan said . “ But , at the same time , it was two really good teams going out there playing really hard and it went to the end of the game . We just did n't win this one . We 'll go back to work . We 're not going to panic , we 're not going to do anything like that . We 've been process-oriented this whole year , and we 'll focus on what got us to this point , being in a competitive game at this point in the season . It 's back to work and we 're focused on going out and beating Seattle in their place . ”
It is a challenge the Rams might have to accomplish with a depleted secondary . Cornerback Kayvon Webster ruptured their right Achilles tendon in the first quarter , while Johnson was placed in concussion protocol during the second half .
Still , the Rams believe they will be better off in the long run , having proven they can compete with the other top teams in the NFC .
“ This loss was definitely a learning experience late in the game , learning how to be a situational master , being smart and avoiding penalties , things like that , ” cornerback Nickell Robey-Coleman said . “ It 's going to make us better in the future .
__
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
“ We did n't expect methane to be on Mars , and it should n't be variable unless there is an active source and a vigorous sink , ” says Bethany Ehlmann , a planetary scientist at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
For more than a year , reports today 's Nature , a 3.5-ton spacecraft has been circling Mars in a series of erratic loops . Now , after 1,000 circuits , the Trace Gas Orbiter ( TGO ) has reached the ideal position to study the planet 's atmosphere , and has made its first scientific observations . It is poised to solve one of the most controversial mysteries in Martian science : why methane , a possible signature of life , is being released on the red planet .
The TGO is part of the ExoMars mission , a joint venture between the European Space Agency ( ESA ) and the Russian space agency Roscosmos . The orbiter , which launched in March 2016 and reached the planet that October , is the first craft specifically designed to study gases that make up less than 1 % of the planet 's cold , arid atmosphere , including methane , water vapour and ozone . The TGO reached its planned circular orbit earlier this month , and underwent a series of engineering tests before starting to take scientific data on 21 April .
The Martian atmosphere is almost entirely carbon dioxide , but researchers are particularly interested in its other components — especially methane . These trace gases could be signals of biological or geological activity , and they provide clues to the planet 's climatic history .
The Trace Gas Orbiter in a clean room before its launch in 2016 . ( Thales Alenia Space/ESA )
Scientists have been catching hints of methane in the Martian atmosphere for 15 years using Earth-based telescopes , Mars orbiters and NASA 's Curiosity rover . As evidence of the gas has accumulated , the debate over its origin has intensified . “ Nearly 95 % of all the methane in the Earth 's atmosphere originated from current and past biology , ” says Sushil Atreya , a planetary scientist at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . “ So , it is natural to ask whether methane on Mars is also of biologic origin . ”
The gas 's presence on Mars has surprised researchers , because chemical reactions in the atmosphere should destroy any methane molecules there within a few centuries . A measurable methane level suggests that an active source must be replenishing the gas .
Curiosity now routinely detects a background level averaging 0.5 parts per billion ( p.p.b . ) of methane in the atmosphere ( by contrast , Earth 's level is about 1,875 p.p.b. ) . But the Martian concentration changes unexpectedly over time , says Atreya . Observations have also suggested the presence of large plumes with concentrations of 45 p.p.b. , and Curiosity has detected burps of around 7 p.p.b . that dissipate quickly .
Researchers have suggested several possible sources . The peaks might come from subsurface chemical reactions between rocks and water , carbon-rich meteorites that enter the atmosphere , or from sudden releases from reservoirs beneath Mars ' surface . Most thrilling of all , the peaks could have a biological origin . “ It 's really a mystery , ” says Ehlmann .
Continue reading ...
Most Popular Space & Science Headlines
Stephen Hawking 's Great Question -- '' Why Is n't the Milky Way Crawling With Mechanical or Biological Life ? ''
`` Alien Minds '' -- 'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There , and It 's Billions of Years Old ' ( VIDEO )
`` Point of No Return '' -- MIT Scientist Predicts the Event Horizon for Earth 's 6th Mass Extinction
A Neutron Star Collision in Our Milky Way Neighborhood Could Destroy Earth
`` 300-Million Nuclear Bombs '' -- New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Stephen Hawking : Wake Up , Science Deniers ! -- '' Earth is Morphing into Venus '' ( WATCH Today 's 'Galaxy ' Stream )
`` Evolutionary Leap ? '' AI is Mimicing the Human Brain -- '' But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power -- '' Could Rip Space Asunder , Breaking the Vacuum ''
`` Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct . They Did n't ''
WASHINGTON , DC ( WTNH ) — U.S . Senator Richard Blumenthal held a news conference Monday to discuss the details of their proposed “ Airline Passenger Bill of Rights ” in response to an incident on United Airlines last week .
In their news conference , Senator Blumenthal addressed prioritization and compensation for involuntary bumping , the role of police in removing passengers , unreasonable delays , excessive fees , and unfair consumer practices .
Kevin Mitchell , Chairman of the Business Travel Coalition , explained why this bill is important .
To their credit , Senator Blumenthal 's bill would restore airline passengers ' right to sue airlines for unfair or deceptive practices or unfair methods of competition . ”
The Business Travel Coalition notes that airlines have fought virtually every consumer protection proposl at DOT , in Federal court , and in Congress . They also claim that United Airlines alone has recently spent $ 41 million in campaigns to undermine proposed consumer protections .
POLICE commended party-goers in Byron Bay for their good behaviour while celebrating the New Year with only a handful of arrests made during the celebrations .
Acting Inspector Chad Deegenaars said people `` are definitely getting the message '' Byron Bay is shifting towards a more family-focused approach to welcoming in the new year .
`` People are starting to get the message that we want Byron Bay to be more of a family event , '' Acting Insp Deegenaars said .
`` The vast majority of people celebrated without doing the wrong thing . ''
The good behaviour of locals and visitors alike of the New Years period has flowed north of Byron Bay to Falls Festival , where police say most patrons were well-behaved over the three-day festival .
However , a reveller who allegedly assaulted a paramedic at the festival on Monday prompted police to remind people that assaults against emergency services will not be tolerated .
Police said about 6.00am a 27-year-old Byron Bay man was found passed out at the camping entrance gate at the Falls Festival .
Paramedics arrived and attempted to wake and assist the man , however they tried to attack them and swore at them .
Police and security were called a short time later and restrained the man to prevent them injuring themselves and others .
Once restrained , the man was taken to the medical centre on site for treatment and later transported to Byron Central Hospital .
The man informed police they had taken an amphetamine type drug during the evening . They were issued a $ 500 fine for their offensive behaviour .
DENVER ( AP ) — Immediately after a jury determined that Taylor Swift had been groped by a radio station host before a concert in Denver , the singer-songwriter turned to one of their closest allies — their mother — and later said they hoped the verdict would inspire other victims of sexual assault .
Swift hugged their crying mother after the six-woman , two-man jury said in U.S. District Court on Monday that former Denver DJ David Mueller had groped the pop star during a photo op four years ago . Per Swift 's request , jurors awarded them $ 1 in damages — a sum their attorney , Douglas Baldridge , called “ a single symbolic dollar , the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation . ”
Swift released a statement thanking their attorneys “ for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault . ”
“ My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard , ” they said , promising to make unspecified donations to groups that help victims of sexual assault .
Nancy Leong , a law professor at the University of Denver , said the verdict is important because “ we are getting to the point in society that women are believed in court . For many decades and centuries , that was not the case . ”
Leong , who also teaches in the university 's gender studies program , said the verdict will inspire more victims of sexual assault to come forward .
“ The fact that they were believed will allow women to understand that they will not automatically be disbelieved , and I think that 's a good thing , ” Leong said .
Swift and their mother initially tried to keep the accusation quiet by reporting the incident to Mueller 's bosses and not the police .
But it inevitably became public when Mueller sued Swift for up to $ 3 million , claiming the allegation cost them their $ 150,000-a-year job at country station KYGO-FM , where they were a morning host .
“ I 've been trying to clear my name for four years , ” they said after the verdict in explaining why they took Swift to court . “ Civil court is the only option I had . This is the only way that I could be heard . ”
Swift countersued for assault and battery , and during an hour of testimony blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller 's attorney , Gabriel McFarland , of what happened . While Mueller testified they never grabbed Swift , they insisted they were groped .
“ He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him , ” Swift testified .
“ It was a definite grab . A very long grab , ” they added .
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star 's skirt or otherwise touching them inappropriately , insisting they touched only their ribs and may have brushed the outside of their skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture .
That photo was virtually the only evidence besides the testimony .
In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released , Mueller 's hand is behind Swift , just below their waist . Both are smiling . Mueller 's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift .
Swift testified that after they were groped , they numbly told Mueller and their girlfriend , “ Thank you for coming , ” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because they did not want to disappoint them .
But they said they immediately went to their photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of them with Mueller , telling the photographer what happened .
Swift 's mother , Andrea Swift , testified that they asked radio liaison Frank Bell to call Mueller 's employers . They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing their daughter , they said .
“ We absolutely wanted to keep it private . But we did n't want them to get away with it , ” Andrea Swift testified .
Bell said they emailed the photo to Robert Call , KYGO 's general manager , for use in Call 's investigation of Mueller . They said they did n't ask that Mueller be fired but that “ appropriate action be taken . ”
Jurors rejected Mueller 's claims that Andrea Swift and Bell cost them their job .
On Friday , U.S. District Judge William Martinez dismissed similar claims against Taylor Swift , ruling Mueller 's team failed to offer evidence that the then-23-year-old superstar did anything more than report the incident to their team , including their mother .
___
Associated Press writer Thomas Peipert contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Evelyn Carr , a Ridgefield student , has won first place in the New York Lyric Opera National Vocal Competition .
The competition was open to singers throughout the country , ages 10 through adult . Carr won first place in the junior high division .
Carr will perform as an invited soloist in a concert featuring the winners at Symphony Space in New York City later this month .
© Lauren Mitchell/Flickr
Testosterone . Source of prostates and testes , muscles and machismo , chest hair , and according to some , even math skills . Its levels are only one of the biological differences between males and females , but they may help to explain another : Women are three to nine times more likely than men to suffer from autoimmune diseases , including multiple sclerosis ( MS ) , Grave 's disease , celiac disease , systemic lupus erythematous , and rheumatoid arthritis . Not only do women get these diseases at higher rates , they usually get them at younger ages.Men 's higher testosterone levels-about seven to eight times higher than women's-have been shown to be protective for MS in both mice and men . But it was not clear exactly how this worked . Recent work in a mouse model of MS has filled in the downstream effectors that mediate testosterone 's protective effects . These effectors might be useful as therapeutics , whereas testosterone use really is n't , especially for women , who are the ones who need it most.The work focused on a type of immune cell called a mast cell . Mast cells get a bad rap because they release histamine during allergic reactions , but they 're generally involved in inflammation . In the mice that recapitulate MS , testosterone influences the behavior of mast cells in the lymph nodes , central nervous system , and lining of the brain . In female mice , which do n't have as much testosterone , mast cells instead produce pro-inflammatory signaling molecules called cytokines.When mast cells in these areas are exposed to testosterone , however , researchers found that they produce a cytokine with the opposite effect : one that tones down inflammation . In male mice that lack mast cells , MS progresses much like it does in female mice . This suggests that the anti-inflammatory signaling is the key , rather than the promotion of inflammation that happens in females.Two drugs currently approved for the treatment of MS act by shifting the population of T cells in patients to look more like those seen in male mice , to the kinds of T cells that mitigate inflammation rather than those that promote it . Perhaps the cytokine that testosterone induces mast cells to make , interleukin-33 , might one day join them.PNAS , 2018 . DOI : 10.1073.pnas.1710401115 About DOIs ) .
EDWARDSVILLE , Ill. ( AP ) — Jalen Henry poured in a season-high 26 points , including two free throws with three seconds left in the game , and SIU Edwardsville rallied to beat South Alabama 76-75 .
Henry added 12 rebounds and a pair of blocked shots for the Cougars ( 3-6 ) . Henry also nailed a 3-pointer with 43 seconds left that pulled SIU-Edwardsville even at 74 . Dederick Lee hit 1 of 2 free throws to put the Jaguars ( 5-5 ) up 75-74 . Henry was fouled , hit both of their free throws and the Cougars had their second-straight one-point victory .
Henry 's jumper gave SIU-Edwardsville a 62-58 lead with 8:14 left , but the Cougars went scoreless for nearly four minutes . Rodrick Sikes made six straight free throws , Jordan Andrews had a 4-point play , and Sikes ' dunk capped a 12-0 run as the Jaguars led 70-62 with 4:31 left to play . Henry made two free throws to end the drought . South Alabama led 74-68 on a Josh Ajayi dunk with 1:51 left before Daniel Kinchen and Henry buried back-to-back 3s to even the score . Kinchen made five 3-pointers and scored 18 .
Jordan Andrews led South Alabama with 15 points , while Sikes scored 13 and Ajayi added 10 points and nine rebounds .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Coming at a time when some parts of Canada got 70 cm of snow , it 's not great news that the risk of heart attack is linked to the amount of snow that falls and how long the snowfall lasts . Researchers suspect the reason is that when it snows , people have to shovel their driveways and walks , and shoveling places heavy demands on the cardiovascular system .
Shoveling is hard on the heart
Researchers at the University of Montreal analysed over 100-thousand hospital admissions and almost 70-thousand deaths due to heart attack over three decades in the province of Quebec . They found the likelihood of a heart attack increased the day after a snowfall among men , but not women . This could be because men were more likely to take on the job of shoveling .
Snow shoveling can make a person 's heart beat at a rate more than 75 per cent of their normal maximum or more . That suggests that people who have a higher risk for cardiovascular problems run the risk of having a heart attack when they shovel .
Some people more at risk
This includes people who have a family history of heart problems , those who smoke , are sedentary , diabetic or have high blood pressure or cholesterol levels . The results suggest they should check with their doctors and perhaps have a heart stress test to assess their risk .
Men who have already-existing risks for heart disease may want to leave the snow shoveling to someone else . © Peter Cowan/CBC
‘ Take it easy , ' advises cardiologist
And for those who go ahead and shovel , a co-author of the study , cardiologist Brian Potter has some advice . “ I think the most important is to take it easy and take your time and to break up the task into maybe different sessions even going inside to get warm in between would be reasonable .
“ Certainly avoid the temptation to get it done quickly and to shovel heavy loads at a time because this can really increase the strain on the system. ” Potter says if people experience any pain or unusual fatigue they should stop and the pain should subside within five to 10 minute . If the symptoms do not subside in 10 to 15 minutes , they say to call emergency services because they could be signed of a heart attack .
A call for public awareness
Potter says people need to be made aware of the risk of heart attack after a snow fall and may need to avoid shoveling depending on the status of their health .
The study was published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal .
He 's one of Hollywood 's most handsome , accomplished , and in demand . They can pull out from the game , do a little indie adventuring and avid baby-making with Eva Mendes , then waltz straight back into the role of Hollywood 's finest like they never went away . At 38 , Ryan Gosling is already timeless . Still , they led one of the year 's most celebrated films , sat on the front row at the 89th Academy Awards , and he 'll be at the helm of this year 's Blade Runner 2049 , inheriting it from the legendary Harrison Ford . Right here , right now – this is , unequivocally , Ryan Gosling 's next peak .
We could easily say ( and I 'm very tempted to ) that their first peak came with an episode of R.L . Stine 's Goosebumps in 1996 , which saw them take on a murderous camera with nothing but their glorious , sun-kissed curtains . Gosling was a proficient child actor , and they actually did a pretty decent job of making the world of family entertainment believe in things like , well , murderous cameras and other hellish technology . So much so that after several other stints of the wholesome viewership variety , they shed their long blonde locks and made the move to “ serious acting , ” which included a supporting role in the football drama Remember the Titans and the lead role in 2001 's The Believer .
After several well-received performances in minor commercial successes ( Murder by Numbers , The Slaughter Rule ) , Gosling came to the attention of mainstream audiences in 2004 when starring in the romantic drama The Notebook alongside fellow Canadian Rachel McAdams . They termed the role “ profound and formative , ” and was inspired by the performance of Sam Shepard in Days of Heaven to imbue their character with “ quiet strength , ” accruing several accolades in the process .
2006 saw Gosling take on the Academy Award nominated role of a drug-addicted junior high school teacher who bonds with a troubled student in Half Nelson , and was universally praised for “ a mesmerizing performance… that shows the kind of deep understanding of character few actors manage. ” After then starring in Lars and the Real Girl , Fracture , and a split from The Lovely Bones due to creative differences ( replaced by Mark Wahlberg after having gained 60 pounds and a generous beard for the role ) , Gosling temporarily vacated the silver screen . They made an explosive return in 2010 , however , starring in no less than five films over the following two years .
Blue Valentine saw them star alongside Michelle Williams in Derek Cianfrance 's directorial debut , a bleak , predominantly improvised drama about the collapse of a once-colourful marriage , and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor . 2011 marked the release of the critically and commercially successful Crazy , Stupid , Love , earmarking their first starring role alongside Emma Stone and the second most successful role of Gosling 's career . After the raw razzle-dazzle of their performance in Drive , the reconciling with on-screen love-interest Emma Stone in Gangster Squad , and another stint with the driver 's wheel in The Place Beyond the Pines , Gosling returned from another two-year break with The Big Short , where they played a charismatic bond salesperson and was widely praised for their “ somehow simultaneously magnetic and repulsive ' performance .
Now , after the success of 2016 's The Nice Guys and the widespread acclaim for La La Land , which marked their second Academy Award nomination and third gig with Emma Stone , Gosling has little left to conquer . He 's even directed their own ( albeit harshly-received ) cinematic venture , and headed their own rock duo , Dead Man 's Bones . And with the highly anticipated Blade Runner 2049 just around the corner , it does n't seem like he 'll be giving up the crown any time soon . And rightly so – they might be the man of the moment , but Gosling 's proving to be as timeless as it gets .
The films to watch :
Nine people were killed when part of their apartment building collapsed in central Kazakhstan , the country 's authorities said Monday , with an exploding boiler reportedly to blame for the carnage .
“ Nine dead people were pulled from the rubble ” of the building in the village of Shakhan outside the city of Karaganda , according to the central Asian nation 's interior ministry .
The victims were three men , three women and three children .
Five people , including a 32-year-old man and two children , were rescued alive from the rubble .
The search operation was called off later Monday , local media cited regional authorities as saying , as no cases of missing people were reported .
Authorities got word at 22:40pm on Sunday ( 1640 GMT ) that part of the building had collapsed and they rushed 70 emergency workers to the scene .
Local media quoted regional governor Nurmukhambet Abdibekov as saying that a portion of the 60-apartment building could have collapsed following the explosion of a heating boiler in its basement .
“ We will figure out what happened , ” the Tengri news website quoted Abdibekov as saying , adding that the building 's residents had installed and serviced the boiler .
Pictures from the scene published by the interior ministry showed a digger shovelling through the rubble as emergency workers stood by .
The remaining residents have been evacuated , the ministry said , adding that a government committee has been set up to probe the incident .
A criminal case has been opened to determine whether the collapse could have been caused by negligence , local media reported .
Building collapses are also not uncommon throughout the former Soviet Union , either due to faulty construction or worn-out infrastructure .
In July 2015 , 23 Russian conscripts were crushed to death when their military barracks collapsed in Siberia .
Shoddy construction and lax safety standards were blamed for the incident .
The mother of one of the two teenage girls allegedly killed in Brentwood last year by MS-13 gang members collapsed into tears inside a courtroom Monday after watching the accused perpetrators smiling and waving to their loved ones .
Elizabeth Alvarado — the mother of Nisa Mickens , 15 , who was killed along with their friend Kayla Cuevas , 16 , in September 2016 — said they were overcome with emotion as the four adult members of MS-13 charged in the killings of Mickens and Cuevas appeared in federal court in Central Islip for a status conference in their case .
“ They have no right to see their family , ” Alvarado said in an interview outside the courtroom . “ I ca n't talk to my daughter . They took all that away from me . ”
1-year anniversary of Brentwood killings
Federal prosecutors have charged four men in the killings : Alexi Saenz , 22 , of Central Islip , the head of a gang clique ; their brother Jairo Saenz , 19 , also of Central Islip , the second-in-command of the clique ; Enrique Portillo , 19 , of Brentwood ; and Selvin Chavez , 19 , also of Brentwood , officials said .
The four have pleaded not guilty and remain held without bail . The Department of Justice has not yet said whether they plan to seek the death penalty for any of the four . Their attorneys did not comment Monday .
The four were among several accused MS-13 gang members charged in killings on Long Island , including the murders of four young men killed in a Central Islip park in April , who appeared in court Monday for status hearings .
The four defendants in the Cuevas and Mickens killings — all of whom listened to the brief court proceedings through a Spanish-language interpreter — spoke and laughed among themselves , and smiled and waved to their supporters as they sat in the jury box in Judge Joseph F. Bianco 's courtroom before the hearing began .
Get the Newsday Now newsletter ! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Another status hearing was set for Feb. 27 .
Several young women — two holding babies — cried at the sight of the defendants , but smiled and waved to them and were able to have short verbal exchanges across the courtroom .
As the four men were being led out of the courtroom after the hearing concluded , one woman called out in Spanish , “ Te amo mucho , ” which means , “ I love you a lot. ” Another shouted “ mi amor , ” which translates to “ my love . ”
The supporters declined to comment to a reporter .
Robert Mickens , Nisa 's father , said they feel conflicted about whether the defendants should face the death penalty , but wants them to spend their lives in an American prison .
Mickens said they watched one of the defendants wave to a toddler , presumably their child or relative , and thought : “ They could have not done what they did . ”
The mother and father of Kayla Cuevas , who also attended the hearing , declined to comment .
Hugh Poole fishes at a pond in FDR Park in Philadelphia , Thursday , May 24 , 2018 .
David Maialetti , AP
The USA is sweltering through what will likely be its hottest May on record , according to a preliminary analysis of weather data .
National Weather Service meteorologist Victor Murphy said May 2018 should break the record set in May 1934 during the Dust Bowl .
The heat has been particularly noteworthy in the central U.S. , including the upper Midwest and northern Plains , where temperatures have run some 5-8 degrees above average , according to weather.us meteorologist Ryan Maue .
On Monday , the temperature in Minneapolis soared to a record 100 degrees , the city 's earliest 100-degree reading on record , buckling roads , straining air conditioners and triggering air quality alerts .
Other cities seeing record-breaking heat over the past few days include Chicago , Milwaukee , Green Bay and Des Moines , Radiant Solutions reported .
Overall , in just the past few days more than 1,900 heat records have been broken or tied , weather.com said .
According to PRISM , the avg . monthly temp for the CONUS for May is 64.6F , thru 5/28 . # NCEI shows the all-time CONUS record being 64.71F in May 1934 . With blast furnace temps across much of CONUS next 2 days , the Dust Bowl era record should fall . pic.twitter.com/O1OmDd2VsZ — victor murphy ( @ wxmanvic ) May 29 , 2018
For folks in the Midwest , the crazy heat of May follows what had been an unusually cold April . In fact , for two states in the Upper Midwest — Iowa and Wisconsin — it was the coldest April since records began in 1895 , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said .
The Twin Cities saw their fourth-coldest April on record . Meteorologist Peter Mullinax of Planalytics said that Minneapolis ' weather whiplash from April to May was the biggest on record , a rebound of almost 30 degrees .
Nationally , April 2018 was the USA 's coldest April in 21 years .
Record-breaking snow also accompanied the cold in many areas , wreaking havoc with baseball schedules and seriously delaying the onset of spring .
During April , the average U.S. temperature was 48.9 degrees , which was 2.2 degrees below average , `` making it the 13th-coldest April on record and the coldest since 1997 , '' NOAA said .
Final weather data for May will be out in early June .
Entire Lower 48 USA has above average temperature for May 2018 except for rainy Florida and oddly enough California .
Large area of 5-8°F across Plains and Ohio Valley a welcome reprieve from a late arriving Spring . pic.twitter.com/8TEt2NgExc — Ryan | weather.us ( @ RyanMaue ) May 30 , 2018
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump is facing pressure from both sides of the aisle for them to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly , race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump , who has been at their New Jersey golf club on a working vacation , is making a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China 's trade practices . But they will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for their initial response to the Saturday 's violence , for which they blamed bigotry on “ many sides . ”
Their attorney general , Jeff Sessions , said Monday the incident in which a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters , killing one person , “ does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute . ”
They told ABC 's “ Good Morning America ” : “ You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought , because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that can not be accepted in America . ”
Related : Peaceful rallies to protest hate continue in Connecticut following Charlottesville
Sessions said they expect to hear more from Trump on the matter after meeting with them Monday , as well as officials from the FBI . The president added a late-morning meeting with Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray to their Monday schedule .
“ We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility , ” Sessions told “ CBS This Morning . ”
In the hours after the incident , Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes , saying that they condemn “ in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , on many sides . ”
Speaking slowly from their New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation , Trump added : “ It 's been going on for a long time in our country . Not Donald Trump . Not Barack Obama . It 's been going on for a long , long time . ”
For one business leader who has been working with the White House , Trump 's lack of specificity inspired a personal protest : Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier cited the president 's reaction as the reason he 's decided to resign from the president 's manufacturing council . Trump immediately attacked Frazier by name on Twitter .
Related Content : Man charged with murder for allegedly plowing into crowd in Charlottesville following white nationalist rally
The White House statement Sunday went further than Trump did . “ The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. ” It added : “ He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement . Usually , a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer ; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual 's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance .
Trump 's top advisers later struggled to explain Trump 's position , offering different responses .
Trump 's national security adviser , H.R . McMaster , said Sunday that they considered the attack to be terrorism . On Saturday , Trump had not responded to reporters ' shouted questions about terrorism .
“ I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear , it is terrorism , ” McMaster told ABC 's “ This Week. ” ” It meets the definition of terrorism . But what this is , what you see here , is you see someone who is a criminal , who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans . ”
The president 's homeland security adviser , Tom Bossert , defended the president 's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent , too . When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN 's “ State of the Union , ” they specifically condemned the racist groups .
Related Content : White nationalist rally , violence rock Virginia city ; 1 dead
The president 's daughter and White House aide , Ivanka Trump , tweeted Sunday morning : “ There should be no place in society for racism , white supremacy and neo-nazis . ”
Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe , a Democrat , said they spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that they twice told the president “ we have to stop this hateful speech , this rhetoric. ” They said they urged Trump “ to come out stronger ” against the actions of white supremacists .
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists . Sen. Cory Gardner , R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “ This is n't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines . This is a time to lay blame . ”
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city 's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee . Counter-protesters massed in opposition .
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations . Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “ fulfill the promises of Donald Trump . ”
Trump 's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer , which wrote : “ Trump comments were good . They did n't attack us . They just said the nation should come together . Nothing specific against us . … No condemnation at all. ” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “ Summer of Hate ” edition .
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer , a Democrat , slammed Trump 's stance toward hate groups , saying on NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” that they hope Trump “ looks themselves in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who they consorted with . ”
“ Old saying : when you dance with the devil , the devil does n't change , the devil changes you , ” Signer said .
Trump , as a presidential candidate , frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer their condemnation of white supremacists . Their strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily , only when asked , and they occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during their campaign . Their chief strategist , Steve Bannon , once declared that their former news site , Breitbart , was “ the platform for the alt-right . ”
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/ @ JonLemire
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
OLATHE , Kan. — Day 11 , and no word from 27-year-old Joshua Bunn .
`` I do n't know what to think . I just want them back , '' Bunn 's mother Kelly Dunkeson said Monday .
Bunn 's family is frantic ; Bunn was supposed to be home by now .
They were driving from their home in Colorado City , Colorado to their mom 's house in Centerville , Missouri to visit their kids . Dunkeson expected them by 8 p.m. on March 8 , but they never made it there .
Bunn was driving a dark green Dodge Journey with Missouri license plate number 8DV337 .
`` Nothing seemed out of the ordinary unit they got to Topeka . Topeka is where they said they became very sick and their stomach was upset . They were going to go into Walmart to get medicine , '' Dunkeson said , reading their texts from them that night . That was around 7 p.m .
Bunn texted their mom around 1:45 a.m. , saying their head hurt . Dunkeson told them to try and push through it , and they had medicine waiting for him .
Hours went by , and around 7:30 a.m. , Dunkeson was panicked .
`` Then they texted back one word : 'Driving . ' And that was it , '' they explained .
After that , Dunkeson said their son stopped replying to calls and texts . Their phone is dead .
From Topeka , Bunn 's cell phone last pinged on March 11 in Olathe near Santa Fe and Persimmon .
`` There would 've been no reason to be in that area . They do n't know anyone in that area , '' Dunkeson said .
Olathe police and the family have searched the area and found nothing .
Sgt . Logan Bonney with Olathe police says they do n't have enough information right now to determine whether Bunn is or is not in danger .
Investigators are checking to see if their car tags show up at any other turnpikes , but so far , nothing .
They say they are actively investigating , but have no other information .
Dunkeson said Lenexa police have surveillance of their license plate going through an intersection at 95th and Monrovia the evening of March 11 . The department did not respond to 41 Action News 's specific questions regarding the surveillance before this story aired .
Bunn 's family is convinced they would n't have gone off the grid on purpose , although he 's dealt with depression in the past , because they were trying to see their children .
`` His whole goal was to see them . So it just does n't make any sense , '' Dunkeson cried .
Anyone with information on Joshua Bunn 's whereabouts should call police immediately .
GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK , Ariz. ( AP ) — The Latest on the search for two missing hikers at Grand Canyon National Park ( all times local ) :
2:15 p.m .
Family members say one of hikers swept away while crossing a remote creek in Grand Canyon National Park is the wife of the founder of the Merrell Boot Company .
The uncle of the missing teen from Tennessee told The Associated Press that the boy , their mother and their stepgrandparents were crossing a water trail Saturday evening when they and their stepgrandmother fell in and were swept away by the water .
Advertisement
Mark McOmie identified the step-grandparents as Randy Merrill , founder of Merrell Boot Co. , and their wife Lou-Ann .
The McCallie School in Chattanooga , Tennessee , released a statement Monday saying the missing hikers are eighth-grader Jackson Standefer and their stepgrandmother .
A helicopter and drone on Monday are helping searchers on the ground try to find the pair .
___
12:35 p.m .
A Tennessee school has identified a student as one of two hikers who were swept away while crossing a remote creek in Grand Canyon National Park .
The McCallie School in Chattanooga released a statement Monday saying the missing hikers are eighth-grader Jackson Standefer and their step-grandmother . It did n't name the woman .
Authorities say the 14- and 62-year-old hikers were swept away Saturday while crossing Tapeats Creek , a tributary of the Colorado River below the canyon 's North Rim .
A helicopter and drone on Monday are helping searchers on the ground try to find the pair , who have n't been identified by park officials . An investigation is underway .
___
10 a.m .
Authorities are searching for a 14-year-old boy and a 62-year-old woman missing in Grand Canyon National Park after they were swept down a creek while crossing it in a remote part of the park .
Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service says two fellow hikers alerted authorities by setting off an emergency GPS locator beacon in the backcountry area below the canyon 's North Rim .
They say the two lost their footing and were swept away Saturday in Tapeats Creek , a tributary of the Colorado River .
Vandzura declined to identify the missing , the other hikers or their relationship to each other .
An investigation is underway but authorities have not concluded how the two were swept away .
A helicopter and a drone on Monday were assisting searchers on the ground .
Computer Numerical Controls or prevalently known as CNC are machines which comprise of a small scale computer controller . The guideline or the program are straightforwardly bolstered into the computer which is then put away in the memory . In light of the fed information , the machine attempts to fabricate the items . These machines are exceptionally effective and diminish the requirement for difficult work which is the key consider driving their request the worldwide market .
The developing worry for chopping down the operational cost is coming about into the rising interest for robotization in assembling . The utilization of CNC machine lessens the general assembling time and restrains the odds for human blunder . These elements are basically driving the interest for CNC machines internationally . Moreover , the expanding requirement for littler production line impressions is coming about into supplanting the physically worked machines by computer numerical controllers . Also , the CNC machines help in proficient large scale manufacturing without the requirement for steady supervision . These components are supporting to the development of the overcall CNC market over the globe .
Report For Report Sample : https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114586/Computer-Numerical-Controls-Market
In any case , these CNC machines are exceptionally costly in nature which is frustrating the development of the market . Besides , the cost related with support and administration of these machines is likewise high . These components are pulling the development of the market amid the conjecture time frame . By and by , the continuous move in the pattern of assembling has prompted the formation of interconnected machines to enhance the yield and diminish the general workload . These elements are required to drive the market for CNC machines in future .
The worldwide computer numerical controls ( CNC ) market has been sorted into machine writes , application and topography . As far as machine writes , the market has been divided into machine , processing machines , lasers , granulating units , welding machines and twisting machines among others . These machines discover their application in a few territories , for example , car , modern , power and vitality and barrier and aviation among others .
Topographically , the worldwide computer numerical controls ( CNC ) market has been portioned into five key locales which incorporate North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Middle East and Africa and Latin America . The report covers a total local investigation of all the above districts by talking about the market conduct of the diverse sections as far as their income . The expanding industrialization and the developing worry for computerized producing offices have brought about the solid interest for CNC machines in the Asia Pacific area . The district is required to rule the worldwide CNC market amid the estimate time frame .
To have a superior comprehension of the market , the key patterns influencing the interest for CNC machines have been talked about altogether . Likewise , the difficulties affecting the development of the market have additionally been given . In addition , the push and force factors in the worldwide market have been examined with the market flow which incorporates the drivers , limitations and openings . Moreover , the doorman 's five powers examination have likewise been incorporated into the extent of the investigation . Also , the future extent of the market has been expected with the assistance of market engaging quality investigation . The examination tracks the worldwide computer numerical controls ( CNC ) market as far as income ( USD million ) .
The worldwide computer numerical controls ( CNC ) market is seeing exceptional rivalry from its real players . These players experience visit mergers and obtaining to maintain in the aggressive condition . For the better comprehend of the market , the market offer of the leadings players have been given in the report . The predominant and the rising players display in the market incorporate Fanuc Corporation , Haas Automation , Dr. Johannes Heidenhain GmbH , OKUMA Corporation , Siemens AG , JTEKT Corporation , GSK CNC Equipments Co. Ltd. , DMG Mori Co. Ltd. , Takisawa Machine Tool Co. Ltd. furthermore , Yamazaki Mazak Corporation among others .
Request Report Discount : https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114586/Computer-Numerical-Controls-Market
The worldwide Computer Numerical Controls ( CNC ) market can be portioned as takes after ; -
Worldwide Computer Numerical Controls ( CNC ) Market , By Type
o Lathe Machines
o Milling Machines
o Lasers
o Grinding Units
o Welding Machines
o Winding Machines
o Others
Worldwide Computer Numerical Controls ( CNC ) Market , By Application
o Automotive
o Industrial
o Power and Energy
o Defense and Aerospace
o Others
Worldwide Computer Numerical Controls ( CNC ) Market , By Geography
o North America
U.S .
Canada
Mexico
o Europe
U.K .
Germany
France
Italy
Rest of Europe
o Asia-Pacific
China
Japan
India
South Korea
Rest of Asia Pacific
o Middle East and Africa
United Arab Emirates
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
o Latin America
Brazil
Rest of Latin America
Report Analysis : https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114586/Computer-Numerical-Controls- ( CNC ) -Market
“ Forgetting Charm ” first appeared in Issue Two of The Icarus Anthology .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
2:51 Sindarius Thornwell apologizes , discusses return to action Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson 's 5 goals
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina 's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork & Goal : Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:55 Godspeed , John Glenn : 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
6:35 Hurst , Allen-Williams with key takeaways from bowl game
2:29 Meet George : The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
Finders Resources has bowed to the inevitable , reluctantly advising that shareholders reconsider Eastern Field Development 's takeover bid .
Finders Resources has bowed to the inevitable , reluctantly advising that shareholders reconsider Eastern Field Development 's takeover bid .
Finders Resources has bowed to the inevitable , reluctantly advising that shareholders reconsider Eastern Field Development 's takeover bid after the suitor snared majority control .
Finders , which has consistently rejected EFD 's 23¢-a-share offer as too low , told shareholders that the Indonesian bidder had increased its stake from 44 per cent late last week to 60.2 per cent as of late yesterday .
The increase reflects a combination of acceptances and further on-market buying by EFD .
Finders said that while its independent directors continued to believe the $ 175 million offer undervalued the company , they now urged shareholders to “ quickly consider ” accepting to avoid being locked into Finders as minority investors .
EFD 's bid , launched in October , struggled to gain traction until the company won over two major shareholders and then started to buy stock on the market . The offer was extended last week to March 30 .
Finder shares closed half a cent higher yesterday at the offer price .
© Daniel Tapia/Reuters
The National Court of Justice of Ecuador has ordered the preventive detention of the country 's former president Rafael Correa and requested that Interpol apprehend them for extradition.The request for Correa 's detention was filed by the country 's chief prosecutor on Tuesday.Balda themselves was charged with orchestrating a foiled coup attempt in 2010 . The charges were filed when the lawmaker was in Colombia , from where they were eventually deported to Ecuador in 2012 and served a year in prison for endangering state security.is up in arms over the court 's ruling , arguing on Twitter thatHe believes the extradition does not stand a chance at the international level . `` How much success will this farce have at the international level ? Do n't worry , everything is a matter of time . We will win ! '' they added.In a string of tweets , Correa thanked their followers for the outpour of support they received after the news on the international warrant for their extradition broke. `` I thank everyone for their solidarity in the face of this new and serious abuse of justice and my rights , '' they tweeted , adding that '' They will seek to humiliate us and make us have a hard time , but such a monstrosity will NEVER prosper in a State of Law like Belgium , '' they wrote.who has since been holed up in the country 's embassy in London 's Knightsbridge . The move drew anger from the UK and the US , who sought the whistleblower 's arrest.Correa was replaced in power by their former ally Lenin Moreno in April last year , after a close-call election . At the time , Correa welcomed Moreno 's victory as a `` triumph of revolution . `` The referendum held on February 4 ended in a victory for the Moreno government , with the majority of Ecuadorians voting to introduce the changes.after they signed a security agreement with the US in April of this year.The new president also tookcalling them `` more than a nuisance '' and a `` hacker , '' which is more in line with the rhetoric coming from Washington.over what the Ecuadorian government sees as their controversial online political activity.Since February , Correa has been a host of their own show A Conversation with Correa on RT Spanish , where they have interviewed prominent guests from Latin American political circles and beyond . Among those who sat down with the ex-president on the show were Brazilian ex-Presidents Dilma Rousseff and Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , former Uruguayan President Jose Mujica , Argentina 's ex-leader Cristina Kirchner , American philosopher Noam Chomsky and others .
A Research Study Titled , “ Sand Control Systems Market by Technique ( Onshore and Offshore ) , Technique ( Gravel Pack , Frac Pack , Sand Screens , Inflow Control Devices , Other Techniques ) , Well Type ( Cased Hole and Open Hole ) Forecast 2014 to 2023 ” , Published By Crystal Market Research
Market Highlights
The Sand Control Systems Market was worth USD 1.98 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 2.77 billion by 2023 , while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of 3.77 % during the forecast period . In the midst of fluctuating unrefined petroleum costs , worldwide sand control system market is picking up from the focal point of oil creating organizations to help generation of dynamic oilfields . Oil makers are competing to join propelled generation gear , for example , sand control frameworks to boost creation . For example , in the U.S. , oil creating organizations have embraced activities to upgrade the effectiveness and work life of oil rigs .
Get Sample copy of Report @ https : //www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/SE061000
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis
The market in Asia Pacific drove the worldwide sand control system market in 2016 . Developing economy of creating nations , for example , Australia and China , developing administrative help in oil and gas industry , and expanding private ventures to help new penetrating exercises are relied upon to drive the sand control system market in Asia Pacific .
Competitive Insights
The leading players in the market are Baker Hughes ( US ) , Halliburton ( US ) , Schlumberger ( US ) , Weatherford ( Switzerland ) , and National Oilwell Varco ( US ) , among others . Application advancement and modified products are anticipated to be the key parameter for being focused in this industry , with visit joint endeavors , mergers , and acquisitions being embraced as an endeavor to broaden product portfolio and pick up piece of the overall industry .
Sand Control Systems Market – By Region :
Middle East and Africa ( Saudi Arabia , UAE , Egypt , Nigeria and South Africa )
North America ( U.S , Canada , Mexico )
Europe ( Germany , France , UK , Italy , Spain , Rest of Europe )
Asia-Pacific ( Japan , China , Australia , India , South Korea , Rest of Asia-Pacific )
Rest of the World ( Brazil , South Africa , Saudi Arabia , Turkey , United Arab Emirates , Others )
Read More Premium News of ABNEWSWIRE @
What Our Report Offer :
1 ) An extensive research study on the Global Sand Control Systems Market , and its entire ecosystem , describes the market trends , drivers , restraints and opportunities of the Sand Control Systems Market .
2 ) We provide you the longest possible market segmentation based on type of products , procedures and geography and describe the market share region wise .
3 ) The report gives a bird eyes view on the competitive landscape which includes mergers and acquisitions , collaborations , market strategies , and new product launches .
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https : //www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/SE061000
Adelaide 's favourite travelling music festival is leaving suburbia and is set to move across the nation . The Porch Sessions have transformed backyards across Adelaide as people host a range of local musical talent in their own gardens .
Now however , three bands are set to prove the benefits of the Sessions as they travel across Australia . Tim Moore joined our presenter Ineke Mules in studio for more .
produced by : Thomas Luke
A utility company that serves around 400,000 customers in southern New Mexico is eyeing another rate hike this spring .
The Las Cruces Sun-News reports that El Paso Electric has n't determined how large of an increase it will seek in New Mexico . But El Paso Electric vice president Eddie Gutierrez says it would likely mirror the one submitted this week to the Texas Public Utility Commission .
That request seeks an overall $ 42.5 million increase in revenues , or an 8.7 percent increase , for Texas customers .
Last June , El Paso Electric sought and received a $ 1.1 million rate increase in New Mexico .
___
Information from : Las Cruces Sun-News .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Party in the Park in Great Bend Saturday added a new kite festival feature in 2017 . The event took place north of the lake at Veterans Memorial Park . The whale kite is 234 feet long .
Share this : Google
Twitter
Email
Facebook
Veronica Marquez
THE SANTA CLARA
February 9 , 2017
For anyone who would argue the Trump effect is not real , I would urge them to take a look at our very own Santa Clara University . The hateful rhetoric Donald Trump continually uses has inspired others to act and speak in equally hateful ways . Trump 's behavior has added fuel to the fire of intolerance that laid dormant before .
Just last quarter , a swastika and LGBTQ slurs were written on the elevator and wall of Casa Italiana Residence Hall respectively . Around the same time , the silhouettes meant to memorialize the 43 disappeared Ayotzinapa students were vandalized .
These are not the first incidents to occur at Santa Clara , but these particular acts of vandalism were not only inflammatory , but direct attacks on the humanity of various marginalized groups .
As hurt and angry as many were , nothing seemed to change . Some students did n't even hear about the events and some simply did n't seem to mind them . Life at “ Claradise ” continued as usual .
I was reminded that I am not safe anywhere , not even on my college campus . This idea was just recently reinforced when white supremacist posters and stickers were hung up around campus , in places such as the Women and Gender and Ethnic Studies boards . This was an attack on students of color . It was an attack on me and my humanity . Once again , I had reason to fear my safety and feel unsafe at my university .
When incidents such as this happen , administration typically gets together and an email goes out to the student body . Certain professors and faculty take a deep interest in these issues and do their best to act accordingly . But these conversations are simply talk and do not stop future attacks .
There is no quick and easy way to put an end to these hateful individuals and groups . However , as a community , we can not stand for this anymore . I will not accept white supremacist groups on my campus , invading my home . This is not a matter of political differences , it is a matter of right and wrong . The vandalism and the presence of white supremacists on this campus is despicable .
Last week , Turning Point USA , a non-partisan , conservative organization presented themselves in front of ASG 's senators in attempt to become a registered student association . While on paper this does not seem dangerous , student leaders quickly learned there was more to this organization and came together to voice their concerns . While Turning Point USA claims to simply be a organization that educates others and fosters dialogue about economic issues , they also say they will promote “ American culture ” and act as advocates .
As students voiced their concern for such an organization , the subject of freedom of speech arose . Certain individuals claimed not approving Turning Point USA as a registered student organization would censor and limit their freedom of speech . However , one of the main concerns of having such an organization on campus is because of their attempts to limit free speech of professors .
Apparently , these students feel underrepresented and discriminated against because they are conservative . Clearly , they have no understanding of what discrimination is like for members of marginalized communities who feel this way everyday simply because of who they are , not what they believe .
Turning Point USA has already started a program called ‘ Professor Watch . ' On this website , college students post pictures and descriptions of professors who 've shared liberal , left-leaning views . During their presentation , the Santa Clara students stated that they would be using this website . Although Turning Point USA believes in free speech , the group would actively try to limit the free speech of professors on this campus .
The founder of Turning Point USA , Charlie Kirk , writes for Breitbart News , the same publication that names Milo Yiannopoulos as its senior editor . Yiannopoulos , an alt-right journalist , was banned from Twitter after their racist remarks towards actor Leslie Jones . They have been touring different universities , spreading hate . At the University of Wisconsin , Milwaukee displayed the photo and name of a transgender student . They publicly mocked them in front of their audience .
This type of behavior is not only unacceptable , but it does not align with the Jesuit values Santa Clara stands for . In a university that advocates social justice and being “ people for others , ” we do not have room for an organization aligning itself with Milo Yiannopoulos .
During the senate meeting , as I heard both sides debate this organization , I held on to hope . Once again , I looked around at the courageous individuals around me . They too have been hurting , but they continue to fight . Together , we will continue to unify and show up when it is necessary . As exhausting as it may be , we understand that we have yet to achieve equality .
As the great Angela Davis once said , “ I 'm no longer accepting the things I can not change . I 'm changing the things I can not accept. ” These are words I attempt to live by every day . At the ASG meeting , I saw that all around me . Students passionately defending what is right , attempting to change the things that we do not accept .
In the case of Turning Point USA , we were successful . They did not gain RSO status . I am proud of this victory , but I understand it is not the end . This is not the last troubling organization that will attempt to enter our university . There still exists the possibility “ Identity Evropa ” will continue to promote white supremacy on our campus . But when I see the strength of my fellow classmates , I know that we are powerful .
We are capable of fighting for the change we so desperately need and we will continue to do so . But , at the end of the day , we are still young college students . We are vulnerable and we feel pain . It is scary to be a Latina in this country for me at times . My only hope is that in the future , others will not have to experience the disrespect , dehumanization and destruction that many of us continue to face .
Veronica Marquez is a sophomore communication and ethnic studies major .
Articles in the Opinion section represent the views of the individual authors only and not the views of The Santa Clara or Santa Clara University .
TheaterWorks , Hartford : Playwright Jacques Lamarre must have an appetite for memoirs featuring food . Several years ago their play “ I Loved , I Lost , I Made Spaghetti ” was their adaptation of a memoir of the same name and played the theater circuit for a good run . It featured a woman cooking a meal on stage and serving it to several audience members . Now they have adapted Chef Rossi 's memoir , “ Raging Skillet. ” Rossi is the owner and executive chef of “ The Raging Skillet , ” a well known catering company that prides itself in unique and tasty offerings . This play is based on Rossi 's book and also features a woman cooking on stage . The difference is the ethnicity of the cooks . In “ Spaghetti , ” the main character is Italian Catholic woman looking for a husband and in “ Skillet , ” the chef extraordinaire is a Jewish lesbian feminist .
There are two other characters in addition to the chef in the current production . The chef 's dead Jewish mother comes back from the grave to witness their daughter 's success and to criticize their daughter in a stereotypical Jewish mother guilt laying fashion . The chef 's mom is also a hound for coupons and a lousy cook . The awful food was the motivation for their rebellious daughter to learn how to cook . Rossi 's first big hit was a Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole .
Throughout the performance , the chef talks about some of the dishes they have made that led to their success . For instance , they describe their Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole , which they recreate on stage . “ Once you mix , then scrape the goop into your buttered pan and smush till it 's all in. ” They demonstrate and when the batch is made , they have their sous-chef pass some samples around to the audience . The actor playing Rossi also creates mini tomato and mozzarella skewers and pulled and barbecued chicken on a Ritz cracker . These are passed around to some audience members .
As they narrate the horrible , but hilarious scenes from the story of their rise to fame , their mother keeps interrupting . Rossi talks back and seems rather cruel to their mother at times . Them hard edge gets softer at the end , when they flip through the pages of their mother 's scrapbook and realizes what a special woman their mom really was .
The funniest parts of the show are when Rossi tells of their job as a day bartender ; as an assistant to a chef where they had to dip 3,000 strawberries into chocolate , and finally as their own boss they cater an event celebrating the play “ The Vagina Monologues. ” Them vivid descriptions of their creations for this event could make a sailor blush .
By the way , large projections of chapter titles in Rossi 's books flank the stage and a large display of their books are on the edge of the stage and for sale immediately after the play . Throughout the show , you 'll hear loud pulsating rock music blasting through the theater . The music makes the show more exciting and emphasizes what a cool and rebellious young woman this chef was .
As for the language of the play , in every playbill , you will find “ A Goy 's Glossary ” of Jewish terms . And , if you thought you knew all the swear words that could be uttered , see this play and you might learn some new ones . In other words , this is a warning . If you object to foul language cross this show off your list .
Directed by John Simpkins , the cast performs well . Dana Smith-Croll plays Rossi and is definitely a sassy “ b .. ch. ” Marilyn Sokol plays the stereotypical Jewish mom , and George Salazar plays DJ Skillit – assistant and sous-chef .
The effective and functional set designer is Michael Schweikardt . Blair Gulledge designed costumes , with John Lasiter and Julian Evans designers of lighting and sound respectively .
Knowing the fun-loving and witty playwright , I can honestly say that this is not their best work .
The play runs through Aug. 27 . Box office : 860-527-7838 .
Joanne Greco Rochman is an active member in The American Theatre Critics Association . They welcome comments . Contact : [ email protected ]
U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner , R-Colorado , and 10 of their Republican colleagues , last week sent a letter to encourage President Donald Trump to assess the future operations and detention of terrorism-related detainees held at the Joint Task Force Guantanamo Bay detention facility in Guantanamo Bay ( GTMO ) , Cuba .
“ Congress has continuously opposed and prohibited the closure of GTMO as well as the transfer of GTMO detainees to U.S. soil since 2010 in response to the previous administration 's attempt to fulfill a campaign promise , ” the senators wrote on Feb. 9 . “ Despite the growing number of threats to our nation from terrorists around the globe , the Obama administration demonstrated a serious disregard for the safety of the American people and the will of Congress by dramatically reducing the number of detainees housed at GTMO to justify those remaining to be transferred to the U.S . ”
Former President Barack Obama pledged early in their first term of office to close the Guantanamo detention facility . Colorado has been identified as one of a handful of possible inmate transfer locations . Gardner and other Colorado officials have opposed the move .
One Colorado facility previously mentioned as a transfer prison for GTMO inmates is the Federal Correctional Complex in Florence , another is the Colorado State Penitentiary II , also known as the Centennial Correctional Facility , in Canon City . About 30 convicted Islamic terrorists already are confined at the Florence facility . They include “ shoe bomber ” Richard Reid and “ underwear bomber ” Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , both of whom tried unsuccessfully to detonate explosives concealed in their clothing while on U.S.-bound flights , and Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev .
Trump has said instead of closing the Guantanamo facility , they want to keep it open .
“ We 're going to load it up with some bad dudes , ” Trump said during a campaign speech , referring to terrorist groups like ISIS and al-Qaida .
In the letter , the Senators shared with Trump a number of recommendations for the future of the GTMO facility . They included a request for an immediate hold on transferring detainees approved for release by the Periodic Review Board and the suspension of the board itself — which was established in 2011 to assess and determine the transfer of detainees — along with a full and judicious review of the board 's role and responsibilities . They also requested the issue include military value analysis and recommendations of the nation 's most senior military leaders .
Other Senators who signed the letter along with Gardner include Jerry Moran , R-Kan. ; Roy Blunt , R-Mo . ; Tom Cotton , R-Ark. , James Inhofe , R-Okla. ; John Boozman , R-Ark . ; Tim Scott , R-S.C. ; Thom Tillis , R-N.C. ; Pat Roberts , R-Kan. ; Steve Daines , R-Mont . ; and Orrin Hatch , R-Utah .
Time now for the Silver City Report with Edmundo Resendez and Silver City Press and Independent reporters , Stewart McClintic and Ben Fischer . This week , a recap on the school board elections and the State Auditor is questioning a contract with the Gila Diversion Project .
Silver City Report for 2/15/17
The region 's home page is only possible with your support . Become a member , renew , or make an additional gift now . Thank you .
© Reuters
A widely publicized case from the start
12,000 Palestinian children
Israel 's military appeals court ruled on Monday against an appeal by 17-year-old Palestinian activist Ahed Tamimi and their defense team to hold the teenager 's trial proceedings in open court , citing historical `` benefit '' of closed-door trials for minors.After they were indicted for slapping and kicking an Israeli soldier , a military court decided to close the hearings to the public , citing their rights as a minor to privacy - a claim Tamimi 's family and defense team claim were never afforded to them in the first place.Despite the prosecution announcing last week that it did not object to an open trial , the court decided on Monday against Tamimi 's appeal.According to Fadi Quran , senior campaigner at U.S. based civic organization Avaaz and coordinator of the Free The Tamimis campaign , Tamimi 's legal team has already begun working on an appeal to Monday 's decision.Quran told Mondoweiss , adding that theThe trial of the teenage activist , who was widely known locally and internationally prior to their arrest in December - which was filmed and published by the Israeli army - has generated a media and political frenzy in Israel.Israeli politicians have called for them to be imprisoned for life for slapping and kicking a soldier , while media outlets , who have played to the Israeli public 's obsession with the teen 's long blonde hair , have assigned them a number of demeaning nicknames , the most widely used being `` Shirley Temper . `` Following weeks of media frenzy , at the opening of Tamimi 's trial on February 13 , Judge Lt General Menahem Liberman of the Ofer Military Court ruled that their trial would be held behind closed doors.Liberman based the ruling on the argument that open proceedings would violate their right to privacy as a minor . And while most Palestinian minors being tried in Israeli military court are tried behind closed doors , Tamimi 's legal team has argued that since their initial hearings post-arrest were open , the trial should remain open as well . `` Although the Israeli military and judge claim they want it to be a closed trial for Ahed 's privacy , Ahed has been threatened with sexual assault and murder , the army televised their arrest , and attacked their family , '' Quran told Mondoweiss . `` Israel has made an immense effort to endanger them by putting them in the public spotlight for the past four months and by and targeting their family for the last 10 years.Activists fear court will act with impunity behind closed doorsAfter Liberman 's ruling , Tamimi 's lawyer Gaby Lasky told journalists that `` they understand that people outside Ofer military court are interested in Tamimi 's case , they understand that their rights are being infringed and their trial is something that should n't be happening . `` `` So the way to keep it out of everybody 's eyes is to close doors and not allow people inside the court for their hearing , '' they added.Quran reiterated to Mondoweiss the importance of holding Tamimi 's trial in front of the public , saying '' By having diplomats and media witness this kangaroo trial , it would help ensure that they would n't punish Ahed too severely , '' they said . `` But by maintaining a closed court , they can act with more impunity and it will be more difficult for the world to see what an unjust and unfair trial process this is . `` With a self-reported conviction rate of 99.74 % , Israeli military courts have been termed by rights groups as `` kangaroo courts . `` Palestinian groups , such as prisoners rights organization Addameer , have argued that while the courts were established in order to work in tandem with local institutions , they are instead used as a tool of domination and the extension of Israeli sovereignty to the permanently occupied territory.In a 2012 report , Addameer outlined the importance of holding open trials for Palestinians , saying `` the continuing presence of international and Israeli human rights activists at any court hearing for Palestinian political prisoners has been vital as a way of publicly exposing the extreme inadequacies and injustice of the military court . `` `` The greater and more regular presence of these diplomats and activists , the more hope there is among the detainees that their voices are being heard and amplified beyond the confines of the military courtroom , '' Addameer said.For Quran and others campaigning for Tamimi 's release , the teenager 's case extends far beyond them and their mother , who is also being tried for assault and `` incitement '' for publishing a video of their daughter 's encounter with the soldiers . `` This is not just about Ahed , but about the more thanwho have been detained by Israel since the year 2000 , '' Quran told Mondoweiss . `` The continued growth of awareness over Ahed 's case has introduced millions of people around the world to this dark corner of Israel 's occupation , '' they said , `` if we win Ahed 's case , we can create pressure so that Palestinian children are no longer detained and abused by Israeli soldiers . `` Quran implored the international community to continue to watch Tamimi 's trial , even if held behind closed doors . `` The military can close the courtroom doors but it can not close people 's ' eyes to the injustices that are happening . `` Yumna Patel is a multimedia freelance journalist based in Bethlehem , Palestine . You can find them on Twitter @ yumna_pa
Toronto police are searching for a suspect after an early morning shooting left one person injured in the city 's downtown .
Officers say up to six men got into a dispute shortly before 3 a.m. Tuesday , near the intersection of King Street West and Portland Street .
They allege one of the men drew a gun and fired nine shots during the dispute , hitting another man once in the hip .
Police say the victim was deemed to be in life-threatening condition by emergency responders at the scene of the shooting , but was upgraded to serious condition after being treated in hospital .
Officers say they have no description of the shooter , but they believe they are violent , armed and dangerous .
They are asking anyone who witnessed the shooting or has information about the suspect to contact them .
The victim is one of 11 people shot in Toronto since late last week — many of them in the city 's busy downtown core .
Police say a driver near Shuter and George Streets took a shotgun out of their trunk and opened fire at a pedestrian Friday morning , injuring the 21-year-old woman and a 69-year-old man on a bike .
Two people from the city 's rap scene were killed in a daylight shooting on Queen Street West on Saturday — Jahvante Smart , 21 , also known as Smoke Dawg , and Ernest Modekwe , 28 , both of Toronto . Police say a woman who was shot in the same incident is expected to recover .
Another four people were injured by gunshots late Sunday in Toronto 's Kensington Market area .
CLOSE Israeli , French leaders tangle over U.S. Jerusalem decision . Time
Buy Photo Israeli Ambassador to the United States Ron Dermer speaks during the Jewish Federation of Delaware CHAI Event Monday night in the Gold Ballroom at Hotel du Pont . ( Photo : Jerry Habraken , The News Journal ) Buy Photo
Less than a week after President Donald Trump publicly embraced Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , Israel 's Ambassador to the U.S. called the move a `` major diplomatic victory '' for the Jewish state , representing the `` first time the position has moved against [ the Palestinians ] through non-military means . ''
In a politically charged speech delivered before Delaware 's Jewish donor community at the Hotel du Pont , Ron Dermer defended Trump 's controversial announcement , explaining that the world needs to understand that Jews settled in Israel not `` by might , '' but `` by right . ''
`` I have absolutely no doubt that this decision now over time will actually advance peace , '' the Israeli envoy said Monday night in the hotel 's Gold Ballroom , one day before Jews around the world will celebrate Hanukkah . The eight-day festival commemorates the rededication of the Holy Temple in Jerusalem .
Monday was Dermer 's first appearance in Delaware since the 2015 funeral of former Attorney General Beau Biden . The high-profile diplomat received a standing ovation after speaking for roughly an hour to an audience of nearly 200 donors from the Jewish Federation of Delaware . They were joined by former Delaware Gov . Jack Markell , Lt. Gov . Bethany Hall-Long and U.S. Sen. Chris Coons .
The federation booked Dermer long before news broke last week about Trump 's plans to move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , a federation spokesperson said . Monday 's event was not publicized outside of the local Jewish community .
Trump was prepared on their first day in office to formally recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , Dermer told the crowd , but they ultimately decided against it . Whether you agree or disagree with the president 's policy objectives , they said , Jews should be grateful for their commitment to Israel .
`` We are a notoriously contentious population , '' the diplomat said of Israel 's Jews . `` We disagree on just about everything . Here it was remarkable how little disagreement there was and how thankful the people of Israel are . ''
Trump 's declaration reversed nearly seven decades of American foreign policy and sparked protests across the Arab world . But it also garnered praise from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , evangelical Christians , and members of traditional Jewish sects , who saw the move as legitimizing Israel 's Biblical claim to Jerusalem .
Palestinians consider East Jerusalem the capital of their future state , but the city also has deep religious significance for Jews , Christians and Muslims . Israel , which annexed East Jerusalem after capturing it in a 1967 war , maintains that all of Jerusalem is its capital .
Buy Photo People mingle and chat during the cocktail hour before the Jewish Federation of Delaware CHAI Event featuring guest speaker and Israeli Ambassador to the United States Ron Dermer Monday night in the Gold Ballroom at Hotel du Pont . ( Photo : Jerry Habraken , The News Journal )
Several Delawareans in attendance Monday agreed . Trump 's decision was more than a symbolic gesture , they said ; it shows the Arab world that the U.S. stands behind Israel 's right to exist and honors the Jewish community 's historical ties to Jerusalem .
Wilmington attorney John Elzufon , who co-chairs the federation 's Jewish Community Relations Committee , hopes Trump 's announcement will `` light a fire under a peace process that is n't getting anywhere . ''
`` We 're not going to know if it works or not for many many years , '' they said .
Before last week , the U.S. and virtually every other nation around the world refused to recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , leaving it to the Palestinians and Israelis to hash it out as part of a negotiated peace deal . A U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem was mandated by Congress in 1995 but waived by Presidents Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama for national security reasons .
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday called the United States a “ partner in bloodshed ” for contributing to unrest across the Mideast over the weekend .
Pre-dawn Israeli air strikes on Saturday killed two Palestinian gunmen after militants fired rockets from the Gaza Strip into Israel on Friday .
Later , protesters in Beirut burned U.S. and Israeli flags and hurled rocks and plastic water bottles toward the U.S. Embassy . In Jerusalem , an Israeli security guard was stabbed .
Pope Francis , meanwhile , has appealed to the international community `` to avert a new spiral of violence . '' The Arab League , an organization of leaders of Arabic-speaking countries , has vowed to pressure the United Nations for a resolution to block Trump 's move .
Buoyed by Trump 's recognition of Jerusalem , Netanyahu made a rare visit to the European Union headquarters Monday in an effort to secure a similar endorsement from the 28-nation bloc . They were rebuffed .
STORY : Mixed views in Delaware over Trump 's Jerusalem move
STORY : Suspect in Times Square blast described as disgruntled former driver
Two days before Trump 's announcement , Dermer predicted in a Politico interview that the U.S. would soon formally recognize Jerusalem as the `` eternal capital of the Jewish people . ''
At the time , Dermer confirmed that they personally had consulted with Trump 's transition team to try to prevent a U.N. Security Council resolution rebuking Israel for its West Bank settlements . Trump , then-president-elect , urged the U.S. to veto the measure ; the U.S. , instead , abstained from voting .
Buy Photo Israeli Ambassador to the United States Ron Dermer speaks backstage before the start of the Jewish Federation of Delaware CHAI Event Monday night at Hotel du Pont . ( Photo : Jerry Habraken , The News Journal )
Dermer , a Miami Beach native , has not been shy about their admiration of Trump . In a previous interview , they said that their interest in entrepreneurship blossomed after reading Trump 's `` The Art of the Deal '' as a teenager . Dermer went on to attend Trump 's alma mater , the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania .
The Israeli diplomat , dubbed `` Bibi 's brain '' because of their close relationship with Netanyahu , has enjoyed fruitful exchanges with the Trump administration in contrast to their tense dealings with former President Barack Obama 's administration .
Buy Photo Israeli Ambassador to the United States Ron Dermer speaks during the Jewish Federation of Delaware CHAI Event Monday night in the Gold Ballroom at Hotel du Pont . ( Photo : Jerry Habraken , The News Journal )
The fractured relationship between Obama and Netanyahu eroded further in early 2015 when Dermer , working under the radar with Republican leadership , arranged for Netanyahu to appear before Congress criticizing America 's role in the Iran nuclear negotiations .
More recently , Dermer has sounded the alarm over a new round of military conflict between Israel and the Iranian-backed militia Hezbollah .
On Monday , however , Dermer said they were more optimistic than ever about the prospect of reconciliation between Arabs and Israelis .
Under siege by terrorist groups , Arab nations `` no longer see Israel as their enemy , '' they said .
`` They see Israel as a potential ally in dealing with their enemy . ''
USA Today contributed to this report .
Contact Margie Fishman at 302-324-2882 , on Twitter @ MargieTrende or mfishman @ delawareonline.com .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2017/12/11/israeli-ambassador-trumps-jerusalem-action-major-diplomatic-victory/934806001/
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. — Nick Mangold fell in love with the Jets the moment they moved into an apartment with their wife Jennifer in Westbury next to the Long Island Railroad . Mangold , as a rookie , would take the train into Manhattan and see a Broadway show and enjoy the moment .
Tuesday morning , Mangold , 34 , was enjoying another moment when they announced their retirement from the NFL after 11 seasons , all with the Jets .
Mangold was joined by their family , former teammates and team executives as they signed a one-day contract so they officially could retire .
“ Part of me being a lucky man , is being here with you , ” Jets CEO Christopher Johnson said at the start of the news conference .
Mangold , a 2006 first-round pick from Ohio State , was named to seven Pro Bowls , a first-team All-Pro at center twice and was the rock the Jets needed along the offensive line .
Mangold 's career came to a halt when they suffered an ankle injury midway through the 2016 season . Mangold spent the offseason rehabbing and thinking about returning for one more season .
“ I think around the Super Bowl I kinda knew but I did n't know , ” Mangold said . “ It was one of those things , it 's in the back of your head . Going through the injury was difficult but then as I was rehabbing and realized I probably would n't be able to play at the level that I wanted to play at . Going through the [ 2017 ] season I always thought I would miss it , something was going to happen , where I miss it . I need to be out there and on the field and that never came and that 's when I knew I 'm in a good spot . ”
Outside of family , team executives including coach Todd Bowles , general manager Mike Maccagnan and team president Neil Glat , former teammates , D'Brickashaw Ferguson , Willie Colon , Brandon Moore and Ryan Fitzpatrick attended the news conference along with John Schmitt , the center on the Super Bowl III winning Jets ' team .
The Ridgefield Volunteer Fire Department will host its annual carnival at East Ridge Middle School Wednesday , June 28 , through Saturday , July 1 , with fireworks scheduled for Friday , July 30 .
There will be wristbands available every night . In addition , the carnival will offer food and prizes .
Tufano Amusements will handle entertainment and rides .
Proceeds will go towards benefitting Ridgefield Fire Department .
PARIS – Hermès is wooing Millennials with Twilly d'Hermès , its latest fragrance .
The house 's perfumer Christine Nagel was given carte blanche to create the feminine scent , for which they were inspired by the creative way young women wear Hermès scarves .
The Dillingham City School District buses no longer operate outside city limits , but students who used to ride the bus from past that point are finding other ways to get into town .
The scene is timeless . After school on a crisp fall day , buses line up in front of Dillingham Elementary School . The buses open their doors and the kids pile on . But there have been some changes behind the scenes . The Dillingham City School District has overhauled its bus system in recent months .
Sifsof Transportation took over the bus service from Schroeder Transportation , who ran the bus service for three decades . Hootie Schroeder ran the bus service for 36 years and is still driving for Sifsof Transportation .
Victor Sifsof said that they and their son Bryan Sifsof bid on the contract to ensure that the business would stay local .
“ We had bus drivers for years here that knew the kids , knew the area and had a good safety record . I wanted to see that continue . Luckily we hired most of the drivers from the past , ” said Victor Sifsof .
The other change is that the buses now run three routes instead of four . They no longer pick up or drop off students past Dillingham city limits . Neither the school district nor the provider can put an exact number on how much money that saves , but both say that it is significant .
“ The school district had a budget they were working with , ” said Bryan Sifsof . “ We came in originally with the four routes that they wanted . The price was something that was out of their budget . We worked with the school district , with the outgoing superintendent , to get it within costs that they could afford . ”
It affects a handful of students , including those who live in Raven 's View subdivision . Their parents have the option bringing them to a closer bus stop . Some , like Kate Berkoski and their husband , bring their children to school when they go to work in Dillingham .
“ We 've always taken our after school bus for granted because we both work in town , and our kids do n't always want to stay after school until our work day is over . But we just decided that we need to be really flexible and figure out how to make it work after school , ” said Berkoski .
To fill the after school hours , their oldest child volunteers at the Dillingham Christian Youth Center . Their middle two children help their dad in their classroom , and their youngest child has been involved in 4-H activities .
Families who live outside Dillingham city limits have the choice of enrolling their children in Dillingham or Aleknagik , but it seems the bus system overhaul has not affected anyone 's decision . The students who were going to school in Dillingham before the changes are still going to school in Dillingham .
Contact the author at avery @ kdlg.org or 907-842-5281 .
Hoax bomb threats have been made to schools in Warwickshire and police are investigating the incidents .
Warwickshire Police said that the threats were made to a number of schools in the county .
A force spokesperson said : “ Investigations are ongoing and at this stage , we do not believe there to be a credible threat .
“ We take hoaxes extremely seriously . They divert limited police resources and cause disruption and alarm to the public . We are committed to identifying those responsible for such actions and bringing them to justice .
“ Anyone with information about these incidents or any of the other incidents should call 101 .
“ Alternatively , information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org . ”
Bilton School in Rugby was evacuated today following one of the malicious phone calls , the school has confirmed .
Pupils returned to their classes shortly after and they and staff have been praised for acting sensibly and calmly despite the threat .
Warwickshire Police have said that , in line with national guidance , they will not be naming which locations received threats .
The shareholders of a GmbH , a type of German private limited company , have extensive rights to information that go beyond the general meeting of the shareholders , and they are able to exercise their rights of access and inspection .
GmbH shareholders entrust the managing director with the fate of their company . Notwithstanding this , they do , of course , have the right to be informed about what is happening in their firm at all times . In addition to the general meeting of the shareholders , the rights of access and inspection are an important tool for shareholders to gain an insight into all commercially and legally relevant matters within the company . We at the commercial law firm GRP Rainer Rechtsanwälte note that while their rights of access and inspection are indeed wide-ranging , they are not without their limits .
What is the order situation ? Which projects have been completed and which are at the planning stage ? How are the agreements structured ? These and other questions are of interest to all shareholders . They receive answers to these questions at the general meeting of the shareholders . They can also receive answers by exercising their rights of access and inspection , and in doing so request information concerning concluded transactions , projects at the planning stage , agreements , records , protocols etc . These rights to information may also be applicable to a limited extent if the GmbH has a financial interest in other companies .
The GmbH shareholder 's rights of access and inspection can not be restricted by the articles of association . Moreover , the managing director is obligated to provide the desired information without delay . However , they or they must also assess whether providing the information would go against the company 's interests . This would be the case , for instance , if there was reason to fear that the shareholder might use the information for non-company purposes and thereby damage the company , e.g . because the shareholder has a financial interest in a rival company as well .
In such instances , the managing director needs to act prudently . If they or they act on their own authority in refusing access or the right of inspection , they or they are committing a breach of duty and may render themselves liable to pay damages . Conversely , they or they can not release the information if they have reason to fear an abuse of rights or use of information for non-company purposes . The final decision must therefore be taken by the general meeting of the shareholders . The shareholder seeking the information is not authorized to vote on this resolution . If the general meeting decides to deny the shareholder access or the right of inspection , the latter can still try and enforce their or their rights through the courts .
Lawyers who are experienced in the field of company law can advise shareholders and managing directors .
https : //www.grprainer.com/en/legal-advice/company-law.html
Your afternoon host AJ has been in Seattle for over 4 years and SO much has happened in their life since moving here . They and their wife of 6 years Nicole , had first baby ( a boy ) and they bought their first home here . When AJ is n't on the air or hosting an event for one of the organizations that they work with including Making Strides Against Breast Cancer , March For Babies , Susan G Komen and Washington Trails Association , they are more than likely climbing a mountain ! `` I love everything this place has to offer , from world class entertainment , to the incredible food to all of its natural beauty with so many amazing mountains and trails at our doorstep ! '' I LOVE the Pacific Northwest and am proud to call it home and do what I love to do with an incredible group of people .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) - The leader of a breakaway Amish group in Ohio convicted in hair- and beard-cutting attacks is pushing to get their convictions overturned using arguments already rejected in court .
An attorney for 72-year-old Samuel Mullet Sr. says Mullet 's previous lawyer made mistakes during trial and in prior appeals .
In this Oct. 10 , 2011 file photo , Sam Mullet Sr. stands in the front yard of their home in Bergholz , Ohio . Mullet , the leader of a breakaway Amish group in Ohio convicted in hair- and beard-cutting attacks , is pushing to get their convictions overturned using arguments already rejected in court . An attorney for 72-year-old Samuel Mullet Sr. says Mulletâ€™s previous lawyer made mistakes during trial and in prior appeals . In a Monday , March 19 , 2018 court filing , prosecutors say there were no errors that amounted to Mulletâ€™s rights to due process being violated , and a judge should reject their request . ( AP Photo/Amy Sancetta , File )
In a Monday court filing , prosecutors say there were no errors that amounted to Mullet 's rights to due process being violated , and a judge should reject their request .
Defense attorneys say the 2011 hair- and beard-cutting attacks stemmed from family disputes . Prosecutors say the motive was religious , as hair and beards have spiritual significance in the Amish faith .
Mullet is serving an 11-year sentence . Of the 16 Amish community members convicted in the case , only Mullet remains imprisoned .
AP Photo/Jessica Hill
It was a rough day for the already-roiled U.S. health insurance market : One giant merger was abandoned , another is threatened by infighting , and a major insurer announced it will stop selling coverage on public exchanges in 11 states .
Both merger deals had already been rejected by federal regulators and judges , but the companies were considering appeals to those decisions . Now they both appear to be off .
Aetna said it was abandoning its planned $ 34 billion purchase of Medicare Advantage provider Humana early Tuesday . Then , later in the day , Cigna said it is suing Anthem to kill a $ 48 billion acquisition bid .
The deals were conceived as a way to help the insurers increase their enrollment and cut down on expenses in part so they could improve their performances on the Affordable Care Act 's public insurance exchanges . Big insurers have been hit with substantial losses from the exchanges , even though they represent a relatively small part of their overall business . Many have already cut back their offerings , and that has slashed customer choices in markets around the country .
The collapse of one deal and the uncertain future of the other could hurt shoppers on the exchanges next year by leaving them with even fewer options and potentially higher prices . Humana told investors late Tuesday that it was abandoning it exchanges in all 11 of its states as of the beginning of next year .
Humana , based in Louisville , Kentucky , was the only insurer on exchanges in 16 Tennessee counties , according to data compiled at the start of the 2017 open enrollment period by the Associated Press and health care consulting firm Avalere . That means customers in those counties may have no way to buy coverage with help from government tax credits next year unless another insurer decides to enter those markets .
Every exchange in the U.S. had at least one insurer selling coverage on it for 2017 , according to Larry Levitt of the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation , which studies health care issues .
Morningstar insurance analyst Vishnu Lekraj said it 's possible all the four insurers involved in the deals could leave the exchanges .
Aetna Chairman and CEO Mark Bertolini raised that possibility months ago . They said that if their company 's planned , was blocked , “ we believe it is very likely that we would need to leave the public exchange business entirely , ” according to court documents filed in that case .
Aetna , based in Hartford , Connecticut , says it lost $ 450 million last year on ACA-compliant coverage , while the company booked an overall profit of $ 2.27 billion . Its loss on ACA-compliant business was $ 100 million more than it expected .
Bertolini said recently that their company would announce by April 1 whether it will remain in any of its exchanges . “ We 're looking at everything , ” they said .
Government and industry officials have said President Donald Trump 's administration and congressional Republicans are weighing measures to stabilize the wobbly exchanges . Insurers have been pushing them to act soon .
“ The clock is definitely ticking for the Trump administration to provide some clarity around what the rules will be , ” Levitt said .
In suing to end its tie-up , Cigna , based in Bloomfield , Connecticut , said it wants more than $ 13 billion in damages from its onetime-companion Anthem , the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer , which is based in Indianapolis .
Cigna says it is seeking a $ 1.85 billion termination fee from Anthem and billions more in damages for what it says were Anthem 's breaches of the merger agreement .
The insurer says the damages include the amount Cigna shareholders would have received if the merger had not failed . It noted that Anthem assumed full responsibility for litigation strategy and getting the necessary regulatory approvals , suggesting that it was Anthem 's responsibility to push the deal through .
“ Cigna fulfilled all of its contractual obligations and fully cooperated with Anthem throughout the approval process , ” the insurer said in a statement .
An Anthem spokesperson says Cigna has no right to end the deal , and it remains committed to closing the transaction . The insurer had just filed on Monday paperwork to appeal the federal court ruling .
Anthem and Aetna put their acquisition bids together in 2015 and touted them as a way to grow enrollment and reap savings that they would then pass on to consumers .
The deal would have given Aetna the opportunity to significantly expand its presence in Medicare Advantage coverage , which involves privately run versions of the federal Medicare program for people who are over 65 or disabled .
But the Department of Justice had sued last summer to stop the deals , due to concerns about how they may affect prices and consumer choices . Federal judges then rejected the acquisitions in separate rulings filed earlier this year .
The deals would have combined four of the nations ' five largest insurers . UnitedHealth Group is the largest .
—
AP Data Journalist Meghan Hoyer contributed to this report from Washington , D.C .
Comments
comments
When relationships break down , it can all get a bit messy . And it can be even harder if you need to collect your stuff from a partner who does n't want to co-operate . So can the police assist you ?
Here 's what they advise .
I want to go and collect my belongings from my ex partner/family , can you assist ?
The police may be able to assist in certain circumstances . They will not however get involved in civil property disputes and you should seek advice from a lawyer or Citizens Advice Bureau with regards to this .
If the other party agrees to your proposed action e.g . the collection of belongings , but you are concerned for your safety , a police officer may accompany you to prevent a breach of the peace .
Where possible the police will check that the other party agrees to the proposed action and may explore any alternatives e.g . meeting at a neutral location to exchange belongings .
If the other party does not agree to the proposed action , then it would be advisable not to attend due to the risk of provoking a breach of the peace , and to contact a solicitor or Citizens Advice Bureau instead regarding alternative options .
For most forces you must have your own form of transport to and from the address .
You need to go to the station which covers the area of the house where the belongings are .
Unfortunately it is not a high priority for police so you may have a long wait .
It is advisable to speak to your local station as some forces will have different policies .
Two-Car Rollover Crash Shuts Merritt Northbound
UPDATE A two-car rollover crash tonight in the northbound lanes of the Merritt Parkway just north of Exit 42 in Westport closed the parkway northbound for more than an hour , state police said .
At the request of state police , Westport police block the northbound Exit 42 entrance ramp of the Merritt Parkway tonight following a two-car crash . ( CLICK TO ENLARGE ) Dave Matlow for WestportNow.com
At the request of state police , Westport police block the northbound Exit 42 entrance ramp of the Merritt Parkway tonight following a two-car crash . ( CLICK TO ENLARGE )
Westport fireighters , aided by Fairfield , extricated one person from a vehicle , which rolled over , according to reports from the scene .
A second vehicle ended up in the woods and the driver managed to get out before emergency workers arrived .
Initial reports said a car fire was involved , but there was no fire when the first engine arrrived on scene , the reports said .
The parkway northbound was reopened shortly after 10:30 p.m .
Chevrolet has already started teasing the next-generation Silverado HD ahead of the tough truck going on sale in 2019 . Now , spy shots have caught General Motors testing both the Chevy and GMC versions of these more capable pickups in multiple body styles .
These shots match closely with Chevy 's earlier teaser image ( below ) . The new Silverado HD features a prominent bar in the grille that gives the truck a tough , muscular appearance . These spy photos suggest there are multiple tiers of lights . The main headlights would sit the highest . Underneath , there would be LED running lights and fog lights . GM 's heavy body cladding on these test mules do n't provide a perfect look at the truck 's profile and rear , but the fenders appear quite prominent .
At this point , the only noticeable difference between the Chevy and GMC versions are at the front . The new Sierra HD appears to have more bars in the grille than its Chevy counterpart . The LED running lights also sit above the headlights , rather than below them . The fenders do n't appear to be quite as muscular , either .
Depending on what buyers need , they can get the HD trucks in a variety of layouts .
We do n't yet know the exact nature of any powertrain changes for the HD trucks . However , expect the Chevy and GMC to feature tweaks for improving their hauling capability since these models exist to get work done . The Duramax 6.6-liter V8 diesel engine should get a refresh while the standard 6.0-liter gasoline V8 will likely remain the base engine option . The transmission should be the same six-speed automatic heavy-duty transmission the automaker is currently using . Ford and Ram are both still using six-speed autos in their heavy-duty trucks .
The Chevy Silverado HD and GMC Sierra HD should debut in early 2019 – possibly at the Detroit or Chicago auto shows with an on-sale date later in next year .
Photos : Automedia
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Shonda Rhimes , the creator of popular television series such as “ Scandal ” and “ Grey 's Anatomy , ” has signed a deal to make new shows for Netflix .
The streaming service announced late Sunday that Rhimes ' Shondaland production company is moving to Netflix . Netflix wrote in a news release that Rhimes ' shows “ Grey 's Anatomy , ” ” Scandal ” and “ How to Get Away With Murder ” would continue to air on ABC .
Rhimes wrote in a statement that they were grateful to the network for giving their career a start , but they were looking forward to expanding their audience and “ creative identity ” with Netflix .
They wrote that they and Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos had developed a plan for the next phase of Rhimes ' career . They said Netflix offered them and their team “ limitless possibilities . ”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
New Delhi : Sofia Hayat , who infamously called themselves Gaia Sofia Mother after becoming a nun last year , blocked Indian batter star Rohit Sharma on Twitter .
Hayat , a former model and actor , revealed their action in a Twitter post last week . In the tweet , they wrote , `` So I had to block them in the end .. ''
So I had to block them in the end .. pic.twitter.com/Vg9sL6wxxW — Sofia Maria Hayat ( @ sofiahayat ) June 6 , 2017
In 2012 , they admitted to having dated Rohit , but claimed that they ended the relationship as they were `` looking for a gentleman . ''
Known as a constant headline seeker , Sofia got married to Vlad Stanescu in April despite calling themselves a nun .
Ok let 's put the rumours to end .. yes I dated rohit sharma .. now it 's over .. I would n't date them again .. this time I 'm looking for a gentleman — Sofia Maria Hayat ( @ sofiahayat ) October 28 , 2012
Rohit is currently in England with the Indian team to defend the ICC Champions title . They are married to Ritika Sajdeh .
India will play Bangladesh in the second semi-final tomorrow .
Apart from doing sensational business at the domestic market , Aamir Khan 's Dangal is performing excellently at the overseas box office as well . This biographical sports drama has grossed approx $ 20.50 million ( 139.42 crores ) in the international markets .
With this total , Dangal has surpassed the overseas collections of Chennai Express , which was $ 19.30 million . The film has now become the 8th highest overseas grosser of all time .
The film is all set to beat the collections of My Name Is Khan ( $ 23 million ) to grab the 7th spot in the list .
Directed by Nitesh Tiwari , Dangal also stars Sakshi Tanwar , Fatima Sana Shaikh and Sanya Malhotra in key roles .
New Delhi : New missiles which can travel at a hypersonic speed developed by US , Russia and China could trigger a war , experts have warned .
Unlike the traditional ballistic missiles , a hypersonic missile can travel at Mach 5 or higher and also has the ability to manoeuvre .
Researchers at the RAND Corporation , a think tank , said the new weapons can pose a grave threat to the world if they fall into the hands of 'rogue ' nations .
The weapons are designed to evade missile defence systems and nations could take counter-measures at the slightest provocation , sparking a war , they said .
“ Hypersonic missile proliferation would increase the chances of strategic war . It would give nations an incentive to become trigger-happy , ” the Independent quoted Richard Speier , lead author of a study on the topic , as saying .
The study said the world has less than 10 years to get a non-proliferation regime in place before such a war becomes inevitable .
The countries developing the weapons should tightly guard the technology , the report said on Saturday , citing the researchers .
They also said exports of dual-use components like scramjet engines , which can push a craft to hypersonic speed , should be controlled .
Patna : RJD leader and former Bihar deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav on Tuesday slammed NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant 's statement blaming Bihar for India 's backwardness , saying the remark has exposed the mindset of 'babus ' in the Modi-led government .
`` Bihar and Bihari 's pay equal taxes , contribute equally or more in governance and nation-building . Bihar gave 33 MPs to NDA , seven union ministers from Bihar , both state and Central governments are of same party and alliance . But still these babus say Bihar is backward , '' they tweeted .
Tejashwi who is the younger son of RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav , further said that if Bihar was backward especially on social indicators as claimed by Kant , then Prime Minister Narendra Modi should grant a special category status to the state for its development .
`` PM Modi has failed to grant special category status or special packages promised by him . Four years have passed , but nothing has happened so far , except 'jumlas ' , '' they said .
Bihar & Bihari 's pay equal taxes , contribute equally or more in governance & Nation building . Bihar gave 33 MPs to NDA , 7 Union Ministers r frm Bihar , both State & Centre govts are of same party nd alliance But still this Babu 's says Bihar is backward.BJP ruling state for 10yrs https : //t.co/Ii9pxjt4Xt — Tejashwi Yadav ( @ yadavtejashwi ) April 24 , 2018
So They mean so-called Bihar Model of Nitish Kumar is hoaxed & forged . Between in MP , Chhattisgarh & Bihar BJP/NDA ruling for last 3 terms almost 15 years . Rajasthan & UP also governed by BJP . Country run by BJP . https : //t.co/Ii9pxjt4Xt — Tejashwi Yadav ( @ yadavtejashwi ) April 24 , 2018
While delivering the first Khan Abdul Gaffar Khan Memorial Lecture in Jamia Millia Islamia University , Kant had said , `` Eastern part of India particularly states like Bihar , UP , Chattisgarh , MP , and Rajasthan are keeping India backward especially on social indicators . While we have improved on ease of doing business , we have remained backward on human development index . ''
They had further said that India was still 131 out of 188 countries in the Human Development Index ( HDI ) . Kant had said that the part of southern and western India was doing well and growing speedily . `` And when the country ` s HDI has to improve and we have to focus on these social indicators . We are working on these things through Aspirational Districts Programme , '' they had said .
Later Kant had clarified tweeting :
The maximum no of Aspirational Districts are in these States . They are also our most populous States . We are focussing on health , education & nutrition indicators in these States . This is the only way we can improve in Human Development Index . https : //t.co/itjTbXpfWX — Amitabh Kant ( @ amitabhk87 ) April 24 , 2018
Aspirational Districts programme has identified 115 Districts across India on transparent parameters.NITI has identified 49 indicators on which these districts are being monitored on a real time basis.We are capturing incremental progress . Focus is on implementing best practices . https : //t.co/yZioZOUjI6 — Amitabh Kant ( @ amitabhk87 ) April 24 , 2018
Stressing upon the significance of sustainable growth , the NITI Aayog CEO had added , `` Education and health are vital and in these two areas India is lagging behind . Our learning outcomes are poor - a class 5 student is not able to do class 2 subtractions . Class 5 student is not able to read their mother tongue . Infant mortality rates are very high . Unless we improve on these aspects , it will be difficult to grow in a consistent way . ''
They had also encouraged women to participate in decision-making process . `` There must be a conscious effort to frame policies to give women opportunities , '' Kant had said .
( With IANS and ANI inputs )
Some might say there are few things Texans enjoy more than college football . Rodeo and two-step are up there , but any sensible native of the Lone Star State will tell you that just after ball comes barbecue . Fortunately for fans of Longhorn football , these two iconic state symbols have merged , thanks to new concessions at the Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium .
Yes , starting this season , beloved Driftwood-based barbecue joint The Salt Lick has made its way to the University of Texas stadium to serve up portions of their well-known menu . The restaurant recently opened two stands in the stadium ( Level 1 , Section 30 and Level 3 , Section 6 ) —offering a variety of perfect game-day fare , such as tender and succulent pulled-pork and juicy brisket sandwiches , smoked sausage dogs and sloppy nachos . Maile Roberts-Loring , a member of the family-run business and manager of The Salt Lick Cellars , says their family knew the concession stands would be a natural fit . “ When the opportunity arose , ” they say , “ we knew it was the perfect time to partner . ”
This extension of The Salt Lick comes on the heels of its 50th anniversary—a major milestone for the quintessential Central Texas restaurant that began as a bare-bones barbecue pit on the family 's Driftwood ranch . Seeing this growth happen during such a celebratory time has only added to the milestone for Roberts-Loring . “ It 's truly been amazing , ” they say . “ I still remember when we were open only four days a week . I never would have thought the restaurant would grow into what it is today . The best part…is having my 103-year-old grandmother , Hisako , who founded the restaurant along with my grandfather and father , alive to see this day ! ”
In continuation of the family tradition , fans of the The Salt Lick 's Driftwood and Round Rock locations can expect the same time-honored quality barbecue from the new stands . “ We cook on-site outside the stadium to ensure our flavor and quality are n't compromised in any way , ” Roberts-Loring says . The concession stands will also maintain the restaurant 's hometown feel among the hustle and bustle of the football games by providing the high-quality barbecue that The Salt Lick is known for , along with the Hill Country friendly service , which is so important to the family .
The next time you 're at a Longhorn home game , it will be well worth taking a short break from the pigskin to grab some legendary Texas taste , because , as Roberts-Loring notes , “ Who in Texas does n't love barbecue and football ? ”
By Darby Kendall • Photography by Carole Topalian
For more information , visit saltlickbbq.com or visit their original Driftwood location at 18300 FM 1826 .
Stage People Watching , Plumb Puddings and Spiders : The New Writing Festival Opening Gala By
The New Writing Festival 's Opening Gala consisted of four scenes and one short play . These were : Ellie Siora 's ‘ A Very Serious Scene ' , ‘ Sometimes Silence ' by Sarah Grunnah , ‘ Aristeas ' by Linden Hogarth , ‘ Cigarrete in the Sky ' , also by Sarah Grunnah and ‘ Hesper ' by Nicholas Smart . The quality of the writing was impressive across all five pieces – ranging from hilariously witty to ominously unnerving – to ensure an engaging and memorable evening .
Two actors , pre-set in a tense , somber atmosphere , opened the gala with Ellie Siora 's ‘ A Very Serious Scene ' . Yet Within about thirty seconds of dialogue the very title of Siora 's work revealed itself to be ironic and we became engaged in a scene of backstage drama bickering . Siora 's script spoke very much to an Oxford audience in its mention of third week essay crises , the Keble O'Reilly , and NWF . The main strength of this piece was its way of reeling the audience in : the first joke was about a smirking audience member , to whom the actors were n't afraid to address directly . Cameron Kirkpatrick was particularly fearless in this respect , giving an engaging performance . At times , the blocking felt a little static and it was a shame that the majority of the scene was played towards just one side of the thrust seating . That said , Director Conky Kampfner ensured that ‘ A Very Serious Scene ' provided highly engaging , light-hearted entertainment : a great opening to the gala .
Sarah Grunnah submitted two pieces , each of which were massively different in tone . ‘ Sometimes Silence ' was one man 's painful interior struggle in which they are internally tortured with the possibility of performing radical actions : the killing of their wife , their lover , or himself . Grunnah 's monologue was particularly fast paced and director Callum Coghlan capitalized upon this successfully . In places , some of the logic between the speaker 's racing thoughts were lost ; however , this may have been down to a distracting use of sound , which I thought hindered rather than enriched the performance on stage . Nonetheless , Josh Rawley gave a very impressive performance : a challenging job given the heightened intensity of Grunnah 's powerful script .
The quality of the writing was impressive across all five pieces – ranging from hilariously witty to ominously unnerving – to ensure an engaging and memorable evening .
Testament to the talent of Grunnah is that their second entry to NWF was so radically different in tone and style . In ‘ Cigarette in the Sky ' the pacing was again impressive , ensuring that my attention did not waver once . We meet a Texan woman who cares not for big events around the world but instead enjoys the little things in life , particularly people watching . They tell the audience how they fall in love with a woman who asks them for a cigarette lighter . Grunnah 's monologue oscillated between brilliantly sharp jokes and deeply heartfelt emotion . Incredibly , Grunnah gave Lucia Proctor-Bonbright all the material to create such a well-rounded character within a ten-minute time frame . Proctor-Bonbright 's performance was exceptional : their energy , poise and delivery could not be faltered . Furthermore , credit must go to director Kampfner 's sensitive attention to detail which ensured very subtle , natural staging which suited Grunnah 's monologue perfectly .
Linden Hogarth 's short play ‘ Aristeas ' is a great piece of writing centering around two detectives who have remained in the same room for seven years . Running through the play was the image of a spider : a familiar metaphor used to relate our world to the detective world of McCurdy ( Philippa Lawford ) and Vince ( Alex Rugman ) . I loved the moment when McCurdy and Vince discussed whether this spider could drift instead scuttle , which , whilst it had the audience chuckling , also provided a very sensitive focus on the mundane . The way the script maintained a comedic surface whilst hinting towards a more unsettling undercurrent gave a delicate subtlety to the script that ensured poignancy . Through set and costume , director Georgie Botham ensured a successfully cohesive show : the oversized jackets were much in keeping with the messy , disordered office , both of which underscored McCurdy and Vince 's unnerving prolonged settlement . Rugman gave a brilliant performance in their role as Vince through an innocent , childish comedy and I was particularly impressed with Lawford 's physicalization of their role . They stomped around with a nervous energy , much in contrast to the free , gangling movements of Rugman 's Vince – just one example of how they played off each other brilliantly .
For me , the standout monologue was ‘ Hepser ' by Nick Smart . With a stream of consciousness quality , Smart has produced a piece of intelligent , innovative and extremely moving writing . Director Callum Coghlan and actor Rory Grant clearly worked exceedingly well together to create a multi-faceted character who oscillated between moments of spirited energy and tortured emotional stillness . Grant gave truly captivating and memorable performance to ensure an emotionally engaging end to the NWF Gala . If the Opening Gala is anything to go by , I can only recommend the upcoming four shows later this week . The quality of writing , acting and directing is incredibly high – grab your tickets soon .
We all want the best . For instance , a Ferrari is way better than a minivan . It 's faster , sleeker and much more prestigious . But what if you have three children and drive to hockey every Saturday and need the extra space ? All of a sudden that minivan is looking much more appealing . And when you factor in the higher costs associated with maintaining every single aspect of that Ferrari ? That minivan is downright shiny .
This theory applies to your mortgage too . I 'll admit there is something reassuring about a brick and mortar building which you can visit up to seven days a week and be greeted by a friendly clerk who helps you do whatever it is you need to do . But consider for a moment if the value you placed on that building were misguided . That the prestige many of us place on being with a major bank for our mortgage is not quite what we thought . What if in making the choice to deal with your bank you doomed yourself to higher costs and hidden clauses ? All of a sudden your Ferrari of a bank seems less appealing .
Let 's look at a few of the unexpected costs you can be hit with .
1 . Payout penalties- there is no standard on how lenders charge this penalty if you break the mortgage . Your mortgage is a contract and you will have to pay a fee to get out early . I have seen these range from $ 3,500 to $ 18,000 on the same exact mortgage with the only difference , the lending institution . Life happens and you may end up needing out early due to a marital break down , a job loss or other life event . I would also caution that some of the crazy low mortgage rates out there come with an additional penalty . You could be charged 2.75 % of the principle PLUS the regular penalty .
2 . Prepayment privileges- Did you know that some lenders do not apply your extra payments right away ? It 's very true . They hold the funds in a separate account where they generate and keep the interest gains while you miss out on the full benefit you are striving for .
3 . Interest compounding periods- Did you also know that some lenders compound interest on a Home Equity Line of Credit monthly ? Einstein identified compound interest as the 8th wonder of the world and stated that those who know how to use it properly will benefit greatly . This monthly calculation difference over that of a semi-annual will cost you more in the long run .
4 . Collateral mortgages . – A collateral mortgage is where the lender registers on the title that you owe them more than you actually do . The benefit is that you can borrow additional funds down the road if you so choose without having to visit a lawyer as there is no change to the title of the property . The downside is that these mortgages are much harder to switch out a new lender at renewal which could leave you with a higher than market best rate . Your other borrowing such as for a vehicle or credit cards can now be tied to your mortgage through the nasty fine print . Depending on the lender you may be required to pay out all of the borrowing associated with the mortgage if you sell . This can leave you in a poor position when you go to buy again with less than you thought as a down payment .
5 . Porting Policies . – Some of the banks have strange policies . For example , one has a policy where you keep the current mortgage as is and any new funds are taken in a new term at a new rate with a new renewal . That leaves you never able to move your mortgage to a new lender without incurring some penalty . You are stuck potentially not being able to get the best rates which costs you greatly .
All I 'm saying is this . Ask questions before you sign . Lots of questions . Know if you are opting for a Ferrari when what you really need is the flexibility , extra legroom and lower costs of the minivan . Have a great week .
Pam Pikkert is a mortgage broker with Mortgage Alliance – Regional Mortgage Group in Red Deer .
By The Associated Press
Seattle AB R H BI BB SO Avg . Gamel lf 5 2 3 0 0 0 .341 Haniger rf 3 1 1 2 1 1 .340 Cano 2b 5 0 3 0 0 0 .291 Cruz dh 4 0 0 0 0 2 .300 Seager 3b 5 0 0 0 0 0 .260 Valencia 1b 5 1 2 1 0 2 .272 Dyson cf 5 1 2 0 0 0 .247 Zunino c 4 1 1 3 0 2 .241 Motter ss 4 0 0 0 0 2 .201 Totals 40 6 12 6 1 9
Minnesota AB R H BI BB SO Avg . Dozier 2b 5 0 0 0 0 0 .251 Mauer 1b 4 1 1 0 0 1 .281 Sano 3b 4 1 2 2 0 1 .292 Kepler rf 3 0 0 0 0 1 .255 a-Grossman ph-rf 0 0 0 0 1 0 .271 Vargas dh 4 0 0 0 0 3 .261 Escobar ss 4 1 2 1 0 0 .281 Castro c 3 0 0 0 1 1 .232 1-Adrianza pr 0 0 0 0 0 0 .250 Buxton cf 3 1 3 1 1 0 .213 Rosario lf 4 0 0 0 0 2 .259 Totals 34 4 8 4 3 9
Seattle 203 001 000—6 12 0 Minnesota 000 022 000—4 8 1
a-walked for Kepler in the 8th .
1-ran for Castro in the 9th .
E_Sano ( 5 ) . LOB_Seattle 11 , Minnesota 6 . 2B_Gamel ( 12 ) , Buxton ( 6 ) . HR_Haniger ( 5 ) , off Santana ; Zunino ( 6 ) , off Santana ; Escobar ( 6 ) , off Gaviglio ; Buxton ( 4 ) , off Gaviglio ; Sano ( 16 ) , off Gaviglio . RBIs_Haniger 2 ( 20 ) , Valencia ( 35 ) , Zunino 3 ( 23 ) , Sano 2 ( 48 ) , Escobar ( 22 ) , Buxton ( 12 ) . SB_Buxton 2 ( 12 ) , Adrianza ( 3 ) .
Runners left in scoring position_Seattle 7 ( Haniger , Cano 2 , Seager 2 , Dyson 2 ) ; Minnesota 5 ( Dozier 3 , Vargas , Rosario ) . RISP_Seattle 2 for 8 ; Minnesota 0 for 6 .
GIDP_Castro .
DP_Seattle 1 ( Seager , Motter , Valencia ) .
Seattle IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Gaviglio , W , 3-1 5 1-3 5 4 4 0 5 70 3.41 Pazos , H , 5 1 2-3 1 0 0 1 2 24 2.10 Vincent , H , 6 2-3 1 0 0 0 0 9 2.05 Rzepczynski 0 0 0 0 1 0 4 3.00 Diaz , S , 11-13 1 1-3 1 0 0 1 2 19 3.51 Minnesota IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Santana , L , 8-4 5 9 5 5 1 5 98 2.56 Boshers 1 2 1 0 0 1 27 1.50 Belisle 1 1 0 0 0 2 15 8.22 Rogers 2 0 0 0 0 1 20 2.82
Rzepczynski pitched to 1 batter in the 8th .
Inherited runners-scored_Rzepczynski 1-0 , Diaz 2-0 . HBP_Santana 2 ( Haniger , Zunino ) , Boshers ( Cruz ) . WP_Santana .
Umpires_Home , Greg Gibson ; First , Shane Livensparger ; Second , D.J . Reyburn ; Third , Sam Holbrook .
T_3:06 . A_22,283 ( 39,021 ) .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
London : Scientists have developed a new computer tool that can predict how a person 's facial features will change with age , an advance that will help search for people who have been missing for a long time .
Researchers from University of Bradford in the UK evolved a method that maps out the key features , such as the shape of the cheek , mouth and forehead , of a face at a certain age .
The technique uses a method of predictive modelling and applies it to age progression .
The model is further strengthened by incorporating facial data from a large database of individuals at different ages thus teaching the machine how humans actually age .
Researchers used a method called de-ageing whereby they take an individual 's picture and run their algorithm backwards to de-age that person to a younger age .
A key feature of the method is that it teaches the machine how humans age by feeding the algorithm facial feature data from a large database of individuals at various ages , said researchers of the study published in the Journal of Forensic Sciences .
They then compared the result with an actual photograph of the individual taken at the young age .
As a test case , researchers chose to work on the case of Ben Needham . They disappeared on the Greek island of Kos on July 24 , 1991 , when they were only 21 months old .
They have never been found , but several images have been produced by investigators showing how Ben might look at ages 11-14 years , 17-20 years , and 20-22 years .
The team used their method to progress the image of Needham to the ages of six , 14 and 22 years . The resulting images show very different results , which the researchers believe more closely resemble what Needham might look like today .
An effective method needs to do two things , the synthesised images need to fit the intended age and they need to retain the identity of the subject in age-progressed images , researchers said .
The results were evaluated using both machine and human methods , and in both , the images of Needham produced using this method were found to be more like the original picture of Needham than the images created as part of previous investigations .
`` We are presenting our work as a development and improvement that could make a contribution to this important area of police work , '' said Hassan Ugail , professor at University of Bradford .
`` We are also developing further research plans in order to develop this method so it can be incorporated as a biometric feature , in face recognition systems , for example , '' Ugail said .
© Unknown
`` My generation did what no generation in any culture at any time in history had ever done : We broke with the parenting traditions of our foremothers and forefathers . When the time came , we refused to take the well-worn parenting baton and carry it forward . ...
The new parenting experts implied , strongly , that good parenting was all about properly interpreting and responding to a child 's feelings — the canard being that pre-1960s parents did not allow their children to freely express their feelings ( true ) , thus causing them untold psychic damage ( false ) . That understanding caused the more emotionally intuitive of the child-rearing pair to begin believing that they alone are capable of properly executing the new set of assignments and , therefore , broke the child-rearing unity of husband and wife . As a result , what was now 'mothering ' became what raising a child had never before been except in unusual circumstances : stressful , anxiety- and guilt-ridden , frustrating , and exhausting . That is , hard . ''
As I went on to note , the fact that emotional outbreaks are viewed as a good thing is a fairly new phenomenon . For centuries , the opposite was true ; giving into one 's emotions was viewed as a sign of weakness , a lack of self-command.Our modern embrace of the emotional can found in many places . As family psychologist John Rosemond recently explained , it 's also seen in how we raise our children : We see many articles today talking about how hard parenting is and how unmanageable children are and how much pressure is involved in making sure our offspring get the best of everything.And it 's true . Parenting is hard and children are unmanageable . But have we made the task of raising children harder than it 's supposed to be by fixating so much on their emotions and desires ? As John Rosemond concludes , the best way `` to raise emotional tyrants '' is to `` feed the beast . '' If we want to stop the chaos erupting in schools and in our nation 's streets , do parents need to return to the time-honored methods of parenting , which did not cater to the emotional whims of child ?
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) — Police say the teenage driver fatally shot by a sheriff 's deputy at Milwaukee 's lakefront was a suspect in an exchange of gunfire with a man one day earlier .
Authorities say 19-year-old Terry Williams died Tuesday after they were shot in the head by the Milwaukee County sheriff 's deputy on Sunday night . Sheriff 's officials say another deputy was attempting to stop Williams for a traffic violation when Williams drove up a curb along the busy lakefront and was shot by the deputy who was on foot .
One of two passengers in Williams ' SUV was wounded by gunfire . Deputies say a loaded gun was found inside .
Milwaukee police said Wednesday that on Saturday , Williams fired a rifle and struck the car of a man with whom they had exchanged words and gunfire .
Related Coverage Judge largely blocks Trump 's military transgender ban
( AP ) — Transgender recruits will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1 , the Pentagon said Monday , as President Donald Trump 's ordered ban suffered another legal setback .
The new policy reflects the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump 's demand earlier this year to bar transgender individuals from the military .
Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban and on Monday a federal court judge denied a government request to set aside the January start date for enlistment .
In October , U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly barred the Trump administration from proceeding with its plan to exclude transgender people from military service . Part of the effect of the ruling was that the military would be required to allow transgender people to enlist beginning Jan. 1 .
The government had asked Kollar-Kotelly to put the Jan. 1 date on hold while they appealed their full ruling but they declined Monday , reaffirming the Jan. 1 start date . Department of Justice spokesperson Lauren Ehrsam said Monday evening that the department will ask a federal appeals court to put on hold the Jan. 1 requirement “ as we evaluate next steps . ”
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical , medical and mental conditions that could make it difficult for them to join the armed services .
Maj. David Eastburn , a Pentagon spokesperson , said the enlistment of transgender recruits will begin next month and proceed amid legal battles . The Defense Department also is doing a review , which is expected to carry into 2018 .
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria , a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction . But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they 've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social , occupational or other important areas .
Related Content : Judge largely blocks Trump 's military transgender ban
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy must be stable on their medication for 18 months .
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass . But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama 's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year .
“ Due to the complexity of this new medical standard , trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards , ” Eastburn said .
Aaron Belkin , director of the California-based Palm Center , an independent institute that has conducted research on sexual minorities in the military , said the 18-month timeline is fair .
“ It 's a good standard because the Pentagon is treating gender dysphoria according to the same standards that are applied to all medical conditions , ” they said .
However , Elaine Donnelly , president for the Center For Military readiness , said Trump “ has every right to review , revise , or repeal their predecessor 's military transgender policies , which would detract from mission readiness and combat lethality. ” Court judges , they said , are not qualified to run the military .
The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight .
“ The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees , it 's going to be on what terms , ” said Brad Carson , who was deeply involved in the last administration 's decisions . “ That 's really where the controversy will lie . ”
Carson worried , however , that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits , but “ under such onerous terms that practically there will be none. ” Carson , who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel , said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time .
“ It does n't have any basis in science , ” they said , noting that experts have suggested six months is enough . “ But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution , 18 months was what people came around to . And that 's a reasonable position and defensible . ”
Sarah McBride , spokesperson for Human Rights Campaign , praised the court 's ruling , saying that it affirms “ there is simply no legitimate reason to forbid willing and able transgender Americans from serving their country . ”
—File Photo
KARACHI : At least 15 sugarcane farmers protesting against the Sindh government were arrested by police when they tried to march to the Bilawal House here on Monday .
The protesters gathered at Bilawal Chowrangi and attempted to march to the Bilawal House . However , the police used force to disperse them .
More than 15 protestors managed to reach the Bilawal House , but the police arrested and shifted to police station .
The sugarcane were protesting against the sugar millers who have not as yet stated crushing process .
The protesters alleged that sugar millers were offered them rate of Rs140 per 40kg instead of government 's fixed prices of Rs182 per 40kg.—PPI
An Ohio bakery has filed a lawsuit against Oberlin College and its dean for slander , after the establishment was branded as `` racist '' after three black men assaulted the shopkeeper and were arrested for attempting to steal wine.The men had claimed that they were simply trying to purchase the wine from Gibson 's Bakery using fake identification cards , Campus Reform reports that part of their plea agreement included an admission that their actions were wrong and that the store had no racist intentions.Allyn Gibson , the person working at the shop at the time , was repeatedly accused of racial profiling after being assaulted by the men - though no evidence was ever provided of their alleged racism . The Oberlin Student Senate even passed a resolution claiming that Gibson had `` a history of racial profiling and discriminatory treatment . `` `` Racism ca n't always be proven on an Excel sheet , '' Kameron Dunbar , an Oberlin junior and vice chair of the student senate , told the Chicago Tribune For decades the college would buy baked goods from the small family-owned and operated business , but the bakery says that ended after the students were arrested . The administration reportedly told the bakery that they would restore the business relationship only if they stopped prosecuting first-time shoplifters and notified the school instead . Owner David Gibson declined the offer , citing the difficulty in determining who is a first time offender and the high cost of stolen goods.According to the lawsuit , faculty members encouraged the demonstrations by suspending classes , helping to distribute flyers accusing the bakery of racism , and providing food and drinks to protesters . Gibsons also claims that college tour guides have continued to inform students that the bakery is racist.Additionally , the lawsuit claims that Meredith Raimondo , vice president and dean of students , Gibson also alleges that Oberlin paid for the defense attorney for one of the students and even hired a limo to take them to their meeting with a `` high profile criminal defense lawyer , '' Campus Reform reports . `` I have not taken a paycheck since this happened more than a year ago , '' Gibson told the AP . `` Sometimes you have to stand up to a large institution . Powerful institutions-including Oberlin College-and their members must follow the same laws as the rest of us . `` Out of forty people arrested for shoplifting from Gibsons in the last five years , only six were black .
ANZAC Day is the day on which we remember all Australians who served and died in war .
RSL Lifecare will commemorate the service of women who served and died in all wars and conflicts this ANZAC Day .
ANZAC Day goes beyond the anniversary of the landing at Gallipoli in 1915 ; it is the day on which we remember all Australians who served and died in war and on operational service .
The 1898 Boer War was the first to see Australian women become involved as war nurses .
96 nurses died on active service during the two World Wars .
Tens of thousands have served in varying roles since then .
Traditional gender based roles have merged recently and we now see women taking part in frontline services as soldiers .
RSL Lifecare villages Far North Coast facilities will be commemorating ANZAC Day with special services as follows :
Goonellabah
10am Thursday April 20 : Chauvel Village , 1-Star Avenue
Ballina
10am Friday April 21 : Florence Price Gardens/Kokoda Village , 11 Hackett Lane
Suffolk Park
2:30pm Friday April 21 : Patrick Bugden VC Gardens , 184 Broken Head Road
Lismore
10am Monday April 24 : Fromelles Manor , 45 McKenzie Street
The first duet by dancers Ursula Perry and Efrén Corado Garcia was deliciously sensual and raw . I can imagine the piece structured in a more traditional dance form where Perry and Garcia sustain throughout as a lead couple , but the more egalitarian approach prevailed with duet after duet emerging from the eight-member ensemble . The dance is 50 minutes long , and a natural ending occurred about 10 minutes earlier when the dancers returned to the group , yet I would not have wanted to miss the forceful ending duet by Dan Higgins and Tyler Orcutt .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1 , despite President Donald Trump 's opposition .
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump 's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military . Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban .
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical , medical and mental conditions that make it possible , though difficult , for them to join the armed services .
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles . The Department of Defense also is studying the issue .
One of the hottest cars at this year 's SEMA show did n't come from an automaker , or a big-name specialty shop , or some secret performance skunkworks in the heart of America . In fact , this terrifically gorgeous and sinfully custom 1968 Dodge Charger did n't come from America at all . It was built in Sweden by a guy named Johan , who also sells Volvo cars . It was done in their garage with the help of a few friends , because apparently when it gets too cold in Sweden to go outside , gearheads go mental and build the baddest Charger in the world .
Before you decide we 're wrong on that assessment , take a few minutes and get to know the Charger in question which found its way to Jay Leno 's Garage after SEMA , along with the team that brought it to life . Johan Eriksson is the main man behind the project , which started out as a thoroughly thrashed Charger that had lived a hard life as a race car in Sweden . According to Eriksson , American iron is quite popular in that part of the world , so they set about building something that would redefine the word epic .
To that end , the Charger 's rear quarter panels were widened slightly to accommodate 24-inch rear wheels , with 22s up front . The roof was chopped ever-so-slightly – 40 millimeters to be exact – and it utilizes the underpinnings from a 2006 Chevrolet Corvette . The result is a Charger restomod that still looks very much like a classic Charger , just with the volume turned to 11 . Of course , having a 1,000-horsepower twin-turbo V10 from a Dodge Viper under the hood helps , too .
It 's not just a pretty car with a big engine . The attention-to-detail on this machine is insane . The hood opens electrically to reveal the mill , which Eriksson decided to pair with a six-speed manual transmission because he 's freaking awesome . The interior is filled with custom-made aluminum bits because apparently the stuff grows on trees in Sweden ( the wheels are also custom-created by Eriksson and their team ) , and the trunk opens electrically as well to showcase the mother of all stereo systems . So yeah , when we said the baddest Charger in the world , we were n't just being overdramatic .
Eriksson did have some sponsorship help getting the car to the U.S. , but the car was built entirely by them and their friends , on their own dime . In fact , it was done and shipped so quickly that they hardly had any time behind the wheel . Behind the wheel ? Yes , that means this car is n't just a show queen but intended to be a driver as well – or at least , something that a world-famous car guru like Jay Leno can get some seat time in . Once back home , we hope Eriksson and the team that built this incredible car get some on-road enjoyment from it too .
So , how 's your project car going ?
Source : Jay Leno 's Garage
Edinburg : Police in Texas say 17 people were found locked inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a gas station .
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino tells KGBT-TV the immigrants from several different countries may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler for at least eight hours before being freed by officers Sunday morning .
None of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention . Trevino says two people believed to be in charge of the rig were detained .
The television station reports Edinburg police responded after getting an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer with several others .
A spokesperson for US Immigration and Customs Enforcement says the agency is investigating the case .
The incident comes more than three weeks after 10 people died and several others were rescued from a sweltering rig in San Antonio .
During impromptu exchange with a few of reporters on the @ WhiteHouse South Lawn @ RudyGiuliani laughs in response to question as to whether @ realDonaldTrump has ever told them he 'd like to fire @ jeffsessions . pic.twitter.com/96aFQOsPof
While speaking to reporters on Wednesday , Trump legal team member Rudy Giuliani stated they do n't believe President Trump is going to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions , Special Counsel Robert Mueller , or Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein .
Giuliani responded to a question on whether Sessions ' job is safe until after the investigation concludes by saying they do n't think anyone in the Cabinet is ever completely secure in their job in any administration because an unrelated matter could come up .
They added , “ I do n't think the president is going to touch him , Mueller , or Rosenstein . ”
Giuliani was also asked whether Trump has ever told them they wanted to fire Sessions . Giuliani laughed and declined to answer the question .
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @ IanHanchett
Facebook the social media giant has apparently announced that the company is launching a new app that will help people watch Facebook videos on a bigger screen .
The company in its blog post has revealed that new Facebook video app for TV will be rolled out soon to app stores for Apple TV , Amazon Fire TV and Samsung Smart TV for now . However , the company has plans to bring the app to more platforms in the days to come .
SEE ALSO : Facebook introduces new weather forecast feature for mobile and desktop
`` Our video app for TV is a new way to enjoy Facebook videos on a bigger screen . Last year we rolled out the ability for you to stream videos from Facebook to your TV , and today 's announcement expands this capability , '' Facebook said .
Once the app is launched , you will be able to watch videos shared by friends or Pages you follow , top live videos from around the world , and recommended videos based on your interests using the app . Further , you will be able to view videos that you 've saved to watch later The app will also provide an option to revisit videos you 've watched , shared or uploaded .
SEE ALSO : Facebook is testing chat windows styled pop-up posts for notifications
Facebook , on the other hand , has announced that it will focus greatly on videos and on improving video experience this year . And with this launch , Facebook has taken the first step to make videos on its platform richer , more engaging and more flexible . Nonetheless , it will be interesting to see how the app will do and how people will use it to enjoy Facebook videos in a new way .
Do you earn enough to be able to hit the big savings milestones - and yet you do n't ?
Does putting money away for a rainy day - or your retirement - give you joy ?
In general , are your savings growing or is your high-interest debt growing ?
Knowing this could save your relationship.People are more than twice as likely to say that they 're a saver , while their partner is a spender , versus the opposite , according to new data from SunTrust Bank . Turns out 28 percent claim that they 're a saver , while their partner is a spender , yet only 13 percent say that they 're a spender and their partner is a saver.While it 's not clear exactly why there 's such a large discrepancy , it may be because '' It may be that people see their partner 's poor spending habits as a result of their partner not being a saver . However , when people who believe themselves to be savers do n't spend wisely , they believe it 's due to circumstances - there was a big sale so I 'm justified in spending , '' explains LA-based psychologist Crystal Lee . And those fights lead to breakups . Indeed , data from financial firm TD Ameritrade found that 41 percent of divorced Gen Xers and 29 percent of Boomers say they ended their marriage due to disagreements about money and a study of more than 4,500 couples published in the journal Family Relationships found that if you 're arguing about money early on in your relationship , that 's the No . 1 predictor of whether you 'll end up divorced.And yet , people are still telling themselves that they are savers while their partners are spenders - which is likely to drive big-time arguments and ensuing breakups . It 's also likely untrue : More than six in 10 Americans ( 61 percent ) say they do n't even have enough in savings to cover a $ 1,000 emergency like a visit to the ER or car repair , according to a Bankrate.com report released Thursday - even as experts recommend that Americans have the least three to six months of income in the bank to pay for unexpected emergencies . What 's more , the vast majority are majorly under-saved for retirement with one in three literally having put nothing away.Another reason people may think they 're savers ? They do n't understand what it means to be one - and really do think they are one even when they 're not . So we asked experts : How do you know if you 're a spender or a saver ? These questions can help you answer that.Experts say that you should have about six months of income socked away into an emergency fund and be putting away 10 percent or more of your income into retirement savings . `` A spender is someone that is able to do all of these things but chooses not to , '' explains certified financial planner Jean Marie Dillon , a principal at Freedom Financial Counseling.However , they note that just because you do n't do these things does n't mean you are a spender : `` Some are financially unable to do all of these things based on their incomes . This does n't make them spenders . They are survivors , '' they say . You also may not be meeting these savings goals because you are paying down debt , but if you 're doing that quickly ( paying way more than the minimums on higher-interest debt , for example , and forgoing a lot of spending to do that ) , you may also be a saver.Kimberly Palmer , a personal finance expert at NerdWallet , says that a saver `` is someone who enjoys saving money - it may not always be possible to save a specific target , like 15 percent of your salary , but savers are constantly striving to do so and take genuine pleasure from transferring money into their savings accounts . '' Meanwhile , spenders `` take more joy from buying things than from saving for the future . '' Take a look at recent purchases and savings this month and think about what category you really fall in.We all have setbacks - emergencies like a car that needs fixing , or a medical bill that must be paid - that can waylay our savings rate , but in general are your savings growing and/or your is your debt getting reduced quickly ? If that 's the case , you 're likely a saver . `` Meanwhile , people whose debt is growing , particularly consumer debt ... are almost always spenders , '' explains certified financial planner Scott Cole , founder and president of the ColeFP and Wealth Management .
Now that the potential danger has passed , leaders of Niagara 's emergency services are taking stock of how well they responded to Tuesday 's transport truck rollover on the QEW that shut down traffic and kept people in their homes for nearly 12 hours .
“ We 're just fortunate , ” said St. Catharines fire Chief Dave Wood . “ I believe in divine intervention . ”
No one was injured as a result of Tuesday 's crash , and emergency crews said the truck 's toxic cargo — 45 canisters of a highly flammable gas called phosphine — remained intact .
But the closing of the highway and establishment of a shelter-in-place zone in a two-kilometre radius from the crash scene caused significant traffic jams . People trying to leave the area found themselves trapped in gridlock . Niagara Regional Police officers evacuating businesses in the area told people to leave their cars behind and walk outside the 2-km zone .
“ Traffic management was certainly an issue , ” said NRP Supt . Brett Flynn .
“ Our roadways and their width and everything that we have , it 's not set up for that situation . ”
To make matters worse , Martindale Road remains closed north of the QEW following a washout last month .
While police asked people inside the zone to stay indoors , and that those stuck outside of it could find shelter at the Seymour-Hannah Sports and Entertainment Centre , residents were posting on social media that they were coming and going from the zone .
Kevin Smith , chief of Niagara Emergency Medical Services , said the gridlock presented some challenges to paramedics responding to calls . However , the calls were not serious .
“ There were one or two incidents where it was just more out of confusion and panic , and people calling 911 to make sure others were well and for us to be able to access the area to make certain , ” they said . “ But there were no outcomes that were negative as a result of this at all . ”
Nevertheless , Smith said emergency services are now reviewing how they responded to the incident so they can learn from it .
“ Yes , this was a serious situation , and it could have been much more serious , but it 's also an opportunity for us to now dissect it , ” they said .
Emergency services in Niagara have n't responded to a call of this nature for more than a decade , Wood said .
They said a windstorm in 2007 that kicked up gusts of more than 100 km/h was the last incident to activate Niagara 's unified command protocol , which helps co-ordinate a multi-service response .
That protocol was activated Tuesday when emergency crews arrived at the scene of the rollover on the QEW near Martindale Road .
Police initially said a mechanical failure caused the truck to rollover , although that is now under investigation by Ontario Provincial Police as is the vehicle 's destination and identity of its shipping company .
The westbound truck landed on the median between the eastbound and westbound lanes .
The driver was unhurt , but when emergency crews arrived , they noted the hazardous materials label on the truck . It bore the numbers 2199 , designating the cargo as phosphine — a gas that , if inhaled , has similar effects on the human body as nerve gas .
The possibility of a phosphine leak required a shutdown of the QEW and establishment of the shelter-in-place zone .
With no leak detected , Smith said there “ was not an imminent risk to life ” following the crash .
There was , however , “ some risk and we wanted to make sure we did it properly , but not to create any panic . ”
An evacuation zone was set up in a 1.2-km radius around the crash site , later expanded to a 2-km shelter-in-place zone , as emergency crews prepared for a worst-case scenario , said Smith .
Businesses were evacuated , and residents in about 3,500 homes within that area were advised to stay indoors with closed windows .
Although it 's rare that joint emergency services protocols are implemented , Wood said first responders regularly train for similar situations .
“ Every day there are hazardous chemicals that are being carried up and down the highways , ” Wood said . “ Unfortunately , situations do happen , accidents do happen , and that 's why the services are here to provide that mitigation . ”
The NRP 's Flynn said the danger posed by the crashed truck is the type of thing “ we hope we never see. ” But it 's also a situation that emergency workers “ certainly train for , as far as yesterday was concerned , to great degree . ”
Flynn said about 50 police officers were dispatched to the area — including plainclothes detectives because there were not enough uniformed officers in the area at the time — to assist with evacuating businesses , informing residents , and assisting with traffic management .
The shelter-in-place order remained in effect until nearly 1 a.m .
The highway did n't reopen to traffic until two hours later . Even then , OPP Sgt . Kerry Schmidt said that one eastbound lane near the crash site was expected to remain closed throughout most of Wednesday , to allow for repairs to highway median .
While it might have been an inconvenience to some , Wood said the precautions were intended to keep the emergency from escalating .
“ Every incident can get worse , ” they said .
© John Gray/Twitter @ GM7PBB
© John Gray/Twitter @ GM7PBB
Stargazers in Scotland have spotted a mysterious new celestial phenomenon -- which has been given the unlikely name 'Steve'.Sightings of the glowing green and purple lights have been seen during displays of the Aurora Borealis overnight from the isles of Skye and Lewis.There have also been reported sightings from near Oban in Argyll and Gairloch in Wester Ross.It describes Steve as a thin purple ribbon of light , aligned east to west , which can extend for hundreds or thousands of miles.Lasting for up to an hour , it is sometimes accompanied by `` a rapidly evolving green picket fence-like '' aurora.First spied around 2015 , Steve has only been spotted so far in the presence of another aurora , though appears closer to the equator than where normal - often green - ones appear.Sightings have since been reported from the UK , Canada , Alaska , northern US states and New Zealand.As new study says the light likely appears when charged plasma from the sun hits the Earth 's magnetic field in a certain way.The Aurora Borealis , also know as the Northern Lights , are more widely seen over parts of Scotland including Shetland , Caithness and Aberdeenshire , and has even been spotted at times over northern England.It is caused by particles from the sun blown outwards by the solar wind , striking Earth 's magnetic field at the north pole and being diverted southwards to the dark side of the planet . ; In the right conditions , the Borealis is generally either green or purple , with white bursts created when the two colours merge.Scientists are now investigating to learn more about how the two phenomena are connected.The name Steve is reportedly in homage to a 2006 children 's film Over the Hedge , where the characters give the name to a creature they have not seen before.It was then given the `` backronym '' Strong Thermal Emission Velocity Enhancement ( STEVE ) in 2016 .
Monday , December 11 , 2017
CANBERRA , AUSTRALIA—According to a report in The International Business Times , five fishhooks made of sea snail shell have been found in a 12,000-year-old burial on Indonesia 's Alor Island . The hooks—one in the shape of a “ J , ” and four crescent-shaped—had been placed around the chin and jaw of the deceased , who is thought to have been a woman . Sue O'Connor of the Australian National University explained that the hooks are the oldest known to have been found in a burial , and must have been deemed to be essential for survival in the afterlife . They also note it had been previously thought that most fishing on the islands at the time had been carried out by men . Older fishhooks have been elsewhere in the world , but they were not associated with burial rites . To read about a pair of 23,000-year-old fishhooks found in Japan , go to “ Japan 's Early Anglers . ”
The woman 's email talked about the “ need to get a few things clear ” regarding the “ arrangement ” the pair had .
The woman 's email talked about the “ need to get a few things clear ” regarding the “ arrangement ” the pair had . Picture : Getty Images/iStockphoto
A corruption probe has been launched into allegations that sex was being offered in return for lucrative State Government infrastructure contracts .
The Weekend West has obtained what appears to be an email between a female company boss and their secret male lover , who managed multimillion-dollar contracts on behalf of a major government department .
In the 2017 email , which the Premier has referred to the Corruption and Crime Commission , the woman talked about the “ need to get a few things clear ” regarding the “ arrangement ” the pair had .
“ I do n't want or expect you to leave your wife , ” it reads . “ The way things are at the moment works well and we both get something out of it . I 'm getting plenty of work and training opps , and you 're getting what you 're getting so let 's just leave it at that . I have booked a room at the Crown for Thursday night . Give me a call later . ”
The man worked for a company subcontracted by the department to manage the tendering processes for more than $ 50 million worth of maintenance and smaller construction projects .
A spokesperson for the department this week confirmed it was “ aware of the allegations and is investigating ” .
The Weekend West also has a copy of a letter from the Department of Premier and Cabinet , responding to a whistleblower 's concerns about the tryst .
“ Thank you for your email to the Premier in regard to corruption within companies working as representatives of ( department name deleted ) , ” the letter reads .
“ The department assessed the allegations in your email and as the allegations appear to represent serious misconduct under the Corruption , Crime and Misconduct Act , we will refer this email directly to the CCC . Thank you for taking the time to inform the Premier of your concerns . ”
The anonymous whistleblower believed there were other misconduct issues that needed investigation , but would not elaborate .
“ Given the content of the email , we find it highly inappropriate for taxpayers ' money to be used to get oneself sexual favours , as well as using sexual favours to get government contracts , ” they told The Weekend West .
In the early-morning email between the pair , the woman apologised to their lover for not answering their telephone calls and said that if it was work related they should call the office .
“ I do n't have time for anything serious , ” they wrote . “ We have talked about this . My career comes first . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Residents are calling for better protection of public spaces to prevent 'intimidating ' travellers staying on them , with suggestions a £20,000 ditch could be dug to deter trespassers .
On Friday ( August 11 ) about 30 caravans and motorhomes set up camp on the recreation ground in Stapleford .
Residents said they felt 'intimidated ' by the travellers with some complaining of anti-social behaviour . When the travellers left yesterday ( Sunday , August 13 ) , they left mounds of rubbish and human excrement in their wake .
Speaking to the News , some residents said more should be done to prevent travellers returning and using the recreation ground as a campsite .
One local man even said a ditch could be dug around the recreation ground to stop vehicles accessing the ground . They said the ditch could be dug for about £20,000 , which could be value for money compared to clean-up costs if the problem persists .
“ There has been a suggestion of digging a ditch round the Rec , ” said the resident , who asked not to be named . “ It would be about £20,000 , but that would probably be money well spent . ”
'Immediate action ' is now being considered by Stapleford Parish Council to try to work out ways to stop this happening again in the future .
A public meeting will be held tomorrow ( Tuesday August 15 ) at 7.45pm in the pavilion in Stapleford . The council say it is `` not a meeting to vent anger but to understand what can be done and how it will be implemented . ''
Another resident , who also wanted to remain anonymous , said further measures should be considered to deter people from using the Rec as a campsite .
They said : “ They 're gone now , but they 'll be back again in five minutes , now they know it 's there they 'll use it . ”
They said a bollard or gate should be installed to stop people driving in off the road . Any measure would , however , have to be removable to allow continued access for vehicles arriving to do maintenance , or to attend events like football matches at the recreation ground or the Jubilee Pavilion .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
HIGHLAND HEIGHTS , Ky. ( AP ) — Drew McDonald and Carson Williams combined to score 44 points and Northern Kentucky topped Eastern Kentucky 91-63 on Sunday night .
The victory was the first over the Colonels since a 69-62 victory on January 4 , 1983 and the first meeting between the schools in 25 years .
The Norse took a 37-29 advantage at intermission , opened the second half with a 10-1 run and maintained a double-digit advantage the rest of the way .
McDonald hit 10 of 13 from the field to score 23 points and grabbed nine rebounds in leading the Norse ( 7-3 ) . Williams was9-of-10 shooting and had a career-best five steals . Northern Kentucky shot 60 percent from the field ( 39 of 65 ) , despite 5-of-22 shooting from 3-point range .
Jackson Davis had 13 points off the bench to lead Eastern Kentucky ( 4-6 ) , which shot 45.5 percent from the field ( 25 of 55 ) and hit 8 of 19 from beyond the arc .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A 26-year-old cyclist has been injured after being involved with a collision with a van this afternoon .
The man was being treated by an ambulance at the scene and appeared to have injuries to their leg .
It happened just outside Premier Stores on Painswick Road , Gloucester .
A police spokesperson said : `` Police were called at 14.20 today to Painswick Road , Gloucester where a road traffic collision had occurred between a cyclist and a van .
`` An ambulance was at the scene treating the 26 year old male cyclist who appears to have sustained injuries to their leg . ''
Police were managing traffic at the scene but the road is now clear .
I feel I could go home , but the doctors are in charge . I 've now learnt to obey orders , rather than be obeyed .
President Muhammadu Buhari says there is tremendous improvement in their health , and that they are eager to return home .
“ But I 've learnt to obey my doctor 's orders , rather than be the one issuing the orders . Here , the doctor is absolutely in charge , ” they said .
The President spoke while receiving the presidential media team , and the Senior Special Assistant on Diaspora Matters , at Abuja House , London , on Saturday .
Alhaji Lai Mohammed , Minister of Information and Culture , led the visiting team , accompanied by Mr Femi Adesina , Special Adviser on Media and Publicity ; Mallam Garba Shehu , Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity , and Lauretta Onochie , Personal Assistant on Digital/Online Media . Also , there was Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa , Senior Special Assistant on Diaspora Matters .
When the team expressed delight at the much-improved health of the President , they retorted : “ I feel I could go home , but the doctors are in charge . I 've now learnt to obey orders , rather than be obeyed . ”
On how they felt hearing different conjectures about their health , an amused President Buhari said they followed events at home closely , lauding Nigerian television stations , and the media generally , for keeping them informed .
When told that prayers were going on fervently for him , not only in Nigeria , but all over Africa , and round the world , a delighted President said : “ What we did in The Gambia early this year fetched us a lot of goodwill on the African continent . It gave us a lot of latitude . I thank all those who are praying . May God reward them . ”
President Buhari sent appreciation to all Nigerians , expressing hope that they would be with them soon .
Comments
comments
TORONTO ( AP ) — Prince Harry says their late mother drew a spotlight to causes and issues that did n't get attention . Now he 's following in their footsteps as they promote the Invictus Games for wounded veterans .
The 32-year-old prince said in an excerpt of an interview with Canada 's CTV television network that Diana would put everybody before herself . They say they were very good at inviting and taking the cameras to causes and areas where they had never been before . Diana 's handshake in the late 1980s with a man with AIDS amid the fears of that era is an example .
The Invictus Games were created by Prince Harry as a way to inspire and motivate wounded soldiers on their path to recovery . The 2017 Games will be held in Toronto this September .
“ The general public across the world wants to support their armed forces and what better way to do it then this year in Canada , ” they said .
© Henry Nicholls / Reuters
are evidently still being developed , ''
Moscow says it is `` miffed '' at the European Union'on the Sergei Skripal incident , and maintains that it has no stocks of Novichok , the nerve agent purportedly used to poison him.On Monday , the European Council , which represents the heads of governments of the EU states , issued a statement that it `` takes extremely seriously the UK Government 's assessment that it is highly likely that the Russian Federation is responsible '' for the March 4 attack.The Council went on to say that it was `` shocked at the offensive use of any military-grade nerve agent , of a type developed by Russia , for the first time on European soil in over 70 years '' and it called on Moscow `` to address urgently the questions raised by the UK and the international community and to provide immediate , full and complete disclosure of its Novichok programme to the OPCW . `` ... and has let its decisions be driven by misconstrued notions of European solidarity , and its anti-Russian reflexes , '' it said in a press release published on Monday evening . `` We have nothing to 'disclose ' as is demanded by the European Union , as no agents under the name of Novichok are produced or stockpiled in Russia.said the Foreign Ministry.Over the weekend , UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson accused Moscow of `` stockpiling '' Novichok , a Soviet invention from the 1970s , while OPCW officials have arrived in Salisbury to investigate the sites where Skripal , 66 , was poisoned . Both the former double agent and their daughter , Yulia , remain in hospital in critical condition.The Kremlin has demanded proof of the allegations that it was involved in the attack or an apology from the UK over the incident , which has resulted in London and Moscow to each expelling 23 diplomats .
CALGARY , Alberta ( AP ) — An airline pilot is facing charges in Canada after police say they were found by their co-pilot passed out in the cockpit of a Boeing 737 before it was set to take off .
Calgary police say the gate crew as well as crewmembers on the aircraft indicated that Miroslav Gronych was behaving strangely ahead of their scheduled flight Saturday . Sgt . Paul Stacey says the co-pilot later found the 37-year-old captain “ slumped over in the seat ” of the airliner .
The pilot was escorted from the plane and charged with having a blood-alcohol level above .08 and controlling an aircraft while impaired . Police allege Gronych had three times the legal amount of alcohol in their system .
Sunwing Airlines calls it “ a very unfortunate matter . ”
The Mexico-bound plane later took off with another pilot .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
GUILFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) — “ They broke the trellis , they took the rose bushes . Over here is where the fence structure was being installed and that 's been knocked over , ” said Michelle Ouimette , Managing Director for Roses for Autism .
Vandals have hit the Roses for Autism farm twice since the beginning of June . They 've uprooted plants , taken garden statues and even went as far as to sprinkle some kind of plant killer on all of the beds .
“ It was going to be a way to educate the public about how individuals with autism are impacted , bring the community together . We wanted families with children with autism to be able to come here so their children could look around and learn about themselves , a place where there would n't be any judgement . ”
Ouimette says on June 1st , they discovered the rose bushes had been torn out . They called police and responding officers were so moved by the crime they actually took up a collection and purchased new plants to bring the garden back to life . On June 12th , vandals struck again , this time doing even more damage .
“ The plants that the police had donated , those were lilies , had been taken . This really exotic plant called a Yucca plant , a rhododendron , all the big blooming flowers were taken , ” said Ouimette .
Ouimette says it took about 1000 hours of work to get the garden done . All of it was done by volunteers and individuals with autism . Ouimette says those who have been a part of the project are devastated .
“ Yesterday there was one young man , they had built one of these garden beds right there and the entire day they stood watch right at the window there waiting for them to come back . I mean they felt violated , ” said Ouimette .
A ribbon cutting ceremony scheduled for June 24th has been canceled . The plan now is to install surveillance cameras on the property and a gate at the front entrance . They will replant and rebuild once those security measures are in place .
“ We just va n't understand why this has happened , ” said Ouimette . “ I just ca n't imagine who or why you would destroy a sensory garden that was meant for the community . ”
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we 're following for today . 5/29/18 Wochit
Buy Photo Wilmington Police are currently investigating a shooting located in the area of 23rd and N. Pine streets . ( Photo : ESTEBAN PARRA/THE NEWS JOURNAL ) Buy Photo
Police have ruled a that a 22-year-old man shot themselves in the leg on accident March 4 , city police announced Wednesday .
Wilmington officers responded to a shot fired complaint at 11:25 p.m. on the 800 block of North Pine Street .
Once there , they found that a gas pipe could have been struck by the gunfire and the city fire department responded to a gas leak , Sgt . Stephanie Castellani said .
The victim was taken to St. Francis Hospital and was listed in stable condition . Police said they were uncooperative with the investigation .
Investigators determined the shooting to be be self-inflicted and accidental , Castellani said .
The following week , they were charged with possession of firearm by person prohibited , providing false statements to law enforcement with the intention to hinder a felony investigation , Castellani said .
GUN VIOLENCE : Police determine N. Madison Street shooting was a homicide
Contact Josephine Peterson at ( 302 ) 324-2856 or jhpeterson @ delawareonline.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ jopeterson93 .
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/05/30/march-shooting-compton-village-ruled-self-inflicted/656833002/
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
Little Rock Air Force Base is receiving various aircraft and their crews assigned to the 1st Special Operations Wing , Hurlburt Field , Fla. in preparation for Hurricane Nate , Oct. 6 , 2017 . The relocation to Little Rock AFB ensures aircraft and aircrews from the installation are out of harm 's way until they can safely return .
SAN SALVADOR , El Salvador ( AP ) - Police in El Salvador have arrested the domestic partner of a journalist killed over the weekend .
National Police director Howard Cotto said Tuesday that Mario Huezo Portillo has been arrested for killing journalist Karla Lisseth Turcios .
Prosecutor Max Munoz says cameras traced Huezo Portillo when they went to dump the woman 's body .
Turcios worked for El Economista , part of La Prensa Grafica media group in the gang-plagued Central American nation .
Huezo Portillo initially told police that they and their son left their resting at home around 12:30 p.m. Saturday . They said when they returned , Turcios had disappeared and did not answer their cellphone or respond to messages .
The 33-year-old journalist 's body was found hours later on a highway northeast of the Salvadoran capital , San Salvador .
Police said was strangled .
By ERIC A. POWELL
Monday , December 11 , 2017
Archaeologists excavating a Bronze Age Assyrian city in Iraqi Kurdistan have unearthed a cache of almost 100 cuneiform tablets . Led by the University of Tübingen 's Peter Pfälzner , the team discovered the archive under the remains of a large public building that had been deliberately destroyed in antiquity , most likely during an enemy attack . Dating to about 1250 B.C. , most of the tablets were in a ceramic pot that had been buried in a thick layer of clay , probably after the city was sacked . “ We think the tablets were originally stored in that building , and that they remained in their original position after the structure was destroyed , ” says Pfälzner . “ They could have protected them somewhere else , so there must have been some importance behind keeping the archive there. ” Most of the tablets are badly worn and have not yet been deciphered , but one fragment that has been translated mentions the temple of Gula , a Mesopotamian goddess of healing , a hint that the building may have been that deity 's sanctuary .
© Cameron Costa/CNBC
`` With the acceleration of [ artificial intelligence ] and other new technology ... the world is changing fast , '' Branson wrote on their blog in August . `` A lot of exciting new innovations are going to be created , which will generate a lot of opportunities and a lot of wealth , but there is a real danger it could also reduce the amount of jobs . This will make experimenting with ideas like basic income even more important in the years to come . ''
One solution to income inequality is giving out free cash , according to the British billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson . `` A basic income should be introduced in Europe and in America , '' Branson told David Gelles of The New York Times Branson was responding to the question , `` What do you think those in positions of power should do to address social problems like income inequality ? `` In a report published in January , the global charity Oxfam found thatMeanwhile , the bottom 50 percent had no increase in their wealth , the report says . `` It 's a disgrace to see people sleeping on the streets with this material wealth all around them , '' Branson said.Further , there are other reasons for cash handouts , according to Branson . `` I think with artificial intelligence coming along , there needs to be a basic income , '' said Branson.Gelles asked whether that 's because robots will replace human jobs . `` Because of job displacement ? '' Gelles asked.Branson said . `` You know , three-day workweeks and four-day weekends . Then we 're going to need companies trying to entertain people during those four days , and help people make sure that they 're paid a decent amount of money for much shorter work time . '' Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has also said that AI will eventually mean less time spent working . `` [ C ] ertainly we can look forward to the idea that vacations will be longer at some point , '' Gates told FOX Business Network at the World Economic Forum in January.says Gates , which is generally a good thing . `` The purpose of humanity is not just to sit behind a counter and sell things . More free time is not a terrible thing , '' they said.The interview with The New York Times published Friday is not the first time Branson has talked about automation necessitating a universal basic income.A report from the McKinsey Global Institute confirms the idea that automation will cause major disruption to the job market globally . By 2030 , 75 million workers around the globe will need to change occupational category due to automation , according to the December 2017 study , and 400 million jobs could be potentially displaced . The McKinsey Global estimates are based on analysis of 46 countries that include 90 percent of global gross domestic product and a mid level pace of adoption of automation .
Four reluctant adventurers from Harrogate are getting ready to don their never-before-used walking boots to make the journey from one coast of England to the other for charity .
The nervous group of friends has been inspired by their own loved one 's traumatic experiences of cancer to walk from Eric Bartholemew 's statue in Morecambe and aim to the Captain Cook Memorial in Whitby .
Dave Armstrong , Kevin Warburton , Iain Dunn and Chris Warburton are tackling the self-financed 300km challenge next month to to raise awareness and vital funds for cancer charity Maggie 's current project to build a new cancer centre in Leeds .
Dave Armstrong said : “ Both of Iain 's parents were diagnosed with cancer and we all have had family and friends suffer from cancer , so it 's really something which is close to most peoples hearts . ”
The testing route will see the novice walkers trekking through the Lune Valley , Dentdale , Swaledale , Wensleydale , Nidderdale , the Vale of York , Ryedale , Farndale , Rosedale and Eskdale , while climbing 8800 metres , the height of Everest .
Dave Armstrong said : `` We are not marathon runners or distance walkers by any stretch of the imagination . The walk is definitely going to be a challenge for us
`` When Iain pitched the idea to me over a pint down at the local it sounded quite easy on first thoughts but having tested the water a little I realised it is going to be a lot tougher than I first imagined .
`` And no there are no hotels with comfy beds for us on route , we are camping where we can do and roughing it when we ca n't . ''
They will also be joined on part of the walk , which sets off on Saturday , September 2 , by friends and supporters including Graham Johnson , a consultant at Leeds Teaching Hospital Trust .
Two of their Harrogate friends Ian Armstrong and Vic Dockree will ac as the support crew for the four main walkers .
Iain Dunn said that the best thing about the Maggies charity was it gave the sort of all-round support for all family members they had lacked in their own life story .
They said : “ When my brother and I were about nine and eight-years-old our mum had cancer .
They were in hospital a lot of the time but survived , fortunately .
`` Twelve years later it was dads turn . They were very ill for several years .
`` Again there was no support or advice for us . Our parents had separated .
`` We had no idea what would happen . Derby Royal Infirmary were fantastic , then they died and that was it , just move on .
`` A centre like Maggies would have been so much help , first for my dad and later for Pete and me .
`` We both struggled to cope with their death and then struggled with the will and the finances . ''
The team have set up a JustGiving page for donations .
Dave Armstrong said : `` The most obvious and important thing is we need people to support us , join us , jump on board and help us raise some pounds for this great cause .
`` No matter how small a donation every pound counts . Reaching out and giving feels good . ''
The four novice walkers have also organised a fundraising music day at the Blues bar on Saturday , September 9 .
To make a donation at JustGiving , search `` coast to coast maggies . ''
The manhunt for Steve Stephens continues , says Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams . Police say Stephens fatally shot an elderly Cleveland man in a gruesome video posted on Facebook . They are urging anyone who knows their whereabouts to contact them . Credit : Cleveland Police
Spectators wave an Irish flag while watching the annual St. Patrick 's Day parade from a window , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in Boston . The city 's 117th St. Patrick 's Day Parade followed a shortened snow route used three of the past four years due to the buildup of snow from three recent nor'easters . ( AP Photo/Steven Senne )
Spectators wave an Irish flag while watching the annual St. Patrick 's Day parade from a window , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in Boston . The city 's 117th St. Patrick 's Day Parade followed a shortened snow route used three of the past four years due to the buildup of snow from three recent nor'easters . ( AP Photo/Steven Senne )
BOSTON ( AP ) - Thousands of people dressed in green swarmed the streets of Boston on Sunday to see the 117th annual St. Patrick 's Day parade .
The parade route was shortened this year due to last week 's nor'easter , The Boston Globe reported . The snow did not diminish the turnout or dim the enthusiasm of the paradegoers as they also faced temperatures in the low 30s .
A man from a local radio station held a giant cutout of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady as people in the crowd cheered wildly . Children plugged their ears as muskets fired .
South Boston resident Marcella Sliney , whose parents originally are from Ireland , said they felt a special sense of pride while watching the festivities and supporting their LGBTQ veteran friends .
Sliney , 50 , said they were happy to see the gay veterans group OutVets once again marching in this year 's parade .
`` This is why I am so passionate about respecting the rights of others and making sure that we respect diversity and love of all , '' they said .
OutVets began marching four years ago , but was enmeshed in controversy anew in 2017 when parade organizers denied it access because of a rainbow in its logo . A public backlash prompted the organizing group to reverse that decision .
The parade was hosted by the South Boston Allied War Veterans Council , and draws between 600,000 and 1 million people each year .
Democratic Mayor Martin Walsh marched after speaking at the city 's annual St. Patrick 's Day breakfast .
© Computerworld
Malicious computer malware that caused substantial damage to Iran 's nuclear programresearchers burrowing into the latest leak from hacking group Shadow Brokers have discovered within the computer data.First detected in 2010 , in a 2013 interview but which has never been acknowledged by either government.Stuxnet modifies data on controller software affecting their automated processes.found in last week 's leak from Shadow Brokers , alleged to have been stolen from the NSA , wasOfficials , who spoke under anonymity to The Washington Post , said in 2012 that , developed under George W. Bush 's administration and continued under Barack Obama 's , When it infected Iran 's nuclear facility in Natanz , '' There is abetween Stuxnet and the Shadow Brokers dump , '' Symantec researcher Liam O'Murchu told Motherboard . `` But not enough to definitively prove a connection . '' A definite link will be almost impossible to prove as Stuxnet 's script was later copied and used in an open-source hacking toolkit , allowing it to be replicated numerous times online.However , O'Murchu said the script found in Friday 's leak was last compiled on September 9 , 2010 - three months after Stuxnet was first identified and shortly before it was added to the hacking toolkit . Also contained in the leak was ASCII art of a medal with the words `` Won the gold medal ! ! ! '' above it . Stuxnet was reportedly given the codename `` Olympic Games . `` Security architect Kevin Beaumont tweeted the results of an antivirus program check on the Shadow Brokers ' exploits leaked on Friday , which returned thatThe the latest evidence against the NSA was contained in Friday 's leak from Shadow Brokers , which also detailed hacks aimed at Windows PCs and the SWIFT network , used to process payment orders .
Long Island has such a wide variety of concerts available it can get tough to decide . Here 's a look at five of this week 's must-see shows :
Brand X
No “ Unorthodox Behaviour. ” The British jazz fusion band has reunited again .
WHEN | WHERE 8 p.m. Friday , July 6 , My Father 's Place at The Roslyn Hotel , Roslyn
INFO $ 55 ; 516-625-6700 , myfathersplace.com
Franki Valli & The Four Seasons
Oh what a night !
WHEN | WHERE 8 p.m. Friday , July 6 , BMHMC Amphitheater at Bald Hill , Farmingville
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
INFO $ 35- $ 79.50 ; 800-745-3000 , ticketmaster.com
Edward JJ Jones
The Lindenhurst rapper presents a night of Strong Island hip-hop .
WHEN | WHERE 7 p.m. Friday , July 6 , Revolution Bar & Music Hall , Amityville
INFO $ 10 ; 877-987-6487 , ticketfly.com
Toby Walker
The Brentwood native will mix their originals in with their take on blues classics from Robert Johnson and Son House .
WHEN | WHERE 7 p.m. Sunday , July 8 , Long Island Museum , Stony Brook
INFO $ 20 ; 631-751-0066 , longislandmuseum.org
Las Cafeteras
The Los Angeles band mixes traditional Mexican music with rock , hip-hop and Afro-pop beats .
WHEN | WHERE 8:30 p.m. Thursday , July 12 , Krueger Bandshell , Northport
INFO Free ; 631-271-8423 , huntingtonarts.org
She 's waited their whole life for this opportunity , so naturally , Pink got the flu right before the Super Bowl . Murphy 's Law much ?
The 38-year-old singer is supposed sing “ The Star Spangled Banner ” at Super Bowl LII on Sunday , but they took to Instagram this morning to announce they have the flu thanks to their kids .
`` Trying to practice the flu away , '' they wrote in the lengthy caption . `` I 've been waiting to sing this song since 1991 when I saw my idol , Whitney Houston , own this song . And now , my chance has finally come . And it just so happens that this chance comes when I have two small Petri dish kids who literally cough INTO MY MOUTH and rub their snot on my cheek . You ca n't write this stuff I swear ! ''
The `` What About Us '' singer went on to say that their dream is `` slowly becoming a nightmare , '' but she 's determined to perform if they have their voice .
`` I promise I will do my best , as I always do . As far as the gremlins that got me into this mess , you can cough at me for the rest of your lives . If it 's a contest , babies , you win . ''
It seems as though she 's doing OK so far , as the songstress performed a pre-Super Bowl concert in Minnesota last night , and they killed it !
Fingers crossed that she 's well enough to perform at the big game !
AL UDEID AIR BASE , Qatar— A team of four creative 379th Expeditionary Civil Engineer Squadron Airmen restored a three-year-old New Year 's Eve ball to light up the night at Al Udeid in celebration of the upcoming new year , 2017 .
It all started when Staff Sgt . Kimberly Douglas , a contracting office representative with the 379th Expeditionary Force Support Squadron , heard about a unit hosting a ball drop here in the past . Once they found out the New Year 's Eve ball was still being stored here , they approached the 379th ECES with the idea of making a New Year 's Eve ball drop a reality .
Airman 1st Class Bryce Armstrong , an electrical systems journeyman with the 379th ECES , decided this would be a great way to give back to the personnel at Al Udeid , so they gathered a team of three other Airmen from their unit to start the project .
“ The first thing we did was venture out to where the ball was being stored to see what we could salvage from it , ” said Armstrong . “ We found the ball mostly intact , but could not find the corresponding control panel . ”
Staff Sgt . Logan Hall , Senior Airman Casimy Metayer , and Armstrong , all electrical systems journeymen with the 379 ECES , then came up with a plan of creating their own control panel in order to get the ball functioning before the big night .
“ We did a lot of research to find out what it would take to energize the ball , ” said Armstrong . “ After solving voltage issues , we had to acquire the correct converters . ”
Armstrong explained that the converters change the electricity from alternating current ( outlet power ) to direct current ( battery power ) which is needed to power the ball .
After all the necessary components were acquired , each Airman spent about 10 hours after work to consolidate all of the controls into a box , creating a central location for the controls .
“ We engineered the control box to run off of 120 volts alternating current , the typical voltage standard you would find in America , as well as 240 Vacs , a common voltage in most countries , for our convenience and for the convenience of rotations to come , ” said Armstrong .
Armstrong said the last hurdle was powering the ball because it needs six wires connecting the panel to the ball .
“ Working on this ball has been a great learning experience , and we get to give the personnel at Al Udeid a chance to feel a little closer to home , ” said Armstrong .
Armstrong said their team is enthusiastic about seeing everyone 's reaction to the New Year 's Eve ball drop and excited to see their hard work literally light up .
“ We are deployed and many folks will be missing out on celebrating with their family and friends , ” said Senior Master Sgt . Craig Houchins , facilities superintendent with the 379th ECES . “ Our hope at the 379th ECES is that the extra display will help make this New Year 's celebration a memorable and enjoyable event for U.S. and coalition forces . ”
NEWS INFO Date Taken : 12.31.2016 Date Posted : 01.02.2017 08:01 Story ID : 219193 Location : AL UDEID AIR BASE , QA Web Views : 28 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Civil engineer Airmen light up the new year , by SrA Cynthia Innocenti , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
© AP Photo/ Markus Schreiber
© Andreas Klug
The tunnel was found right in the city center , where the former Berlin Wall was located . Its construction is said to have been initiated by a German man named Karl Weinstein , who was separated from their own daughter when the wall was erected.An 80-meter-long tunnel connecting the eastern and western parts of Berlin was accidently discovered in the Mauerpark in Prenzlauer Berg district during construction works almost 30 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall.Archeologists believe that the find is sensational , and hope that the tunnel can be presented to the German public `` in its original condition . `` `` This is the first tunnel we have discovered in the inner city area , namely on Bernauer Strasse . For over 10 years I have been accompanying the work at the Berlin Wall Memorial . So far , we have not been able to find an escape tunnel . This is the first uncovered tunnel in the middle of the city , '' chief archeologist Torsten Dressler told Sputnik Germany The tunnel was found right in the city center , where the former Berlin Wall was located . Its construction is said to have been initiated by a German man named Karl Weinstein , who was separated from their own daughter when the wall was erected.An 80-meter-long tunnel connecting the eastern and western parts of Berlin was accidently discovered in the Mauerpark in Prenzlauer Berg district during construction works almost 30 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall.Archeologists believe that the find is sensational , and hope that the tunnel can be presented to the German public `` in its original condition . `` `` This is the first tunnel we have discovered in the inner city area , namely on Bernauer Strasse . For over 10 years I have been accompanying the work at the Berlin Wall Memorial . So far , we have not been able to find an escape tunnel . This is the first uncovered tunnel in the middle of the city , '' chief archeologist Torsten Dressler told Sputnik Germany Mauerpark is a public park in Berlin 's Prenzlauer Berg district . Its name can be translated to `` Wall Park , '' indicating its status as a former part of the Berlin Wall.Residential houses and other buildings in the area were located in the immediate vicinity of the former barrier . In the first days after its erection , many residents of East Berlin sought , by any means necessary , to escape , and jumped straight from the windows of these buildings onto sheets stretched out by their friends and relatives below.The area became the place with the largest number of underground tunnels due to the short distance between houses on the east and west sides of the wall . `` Thanks to the maps , we know there used to be a freight station in the Mauerpark , and this has a very special meaning as the buildings of the freight station stood very close to the Berlin wall , just at the border . These were ideal conditions for tunnel builders and they dug straight from the borderline over to the east , '' Dressler explained.The tunnel will be named after its initiator Karl Weinstein , who was separated from their own daughter overnight when the Wall was built . `` On the day of the wall 's construction , Karl Weinstein and their wife were in West Berlin . But their daughter stayed with their in-laws in East Berlin . They could not see their own child anymore . That 's why they came up with the idea to build this tunnel . They found material , accommodation , people , equipment and food [ in order to achieve their goal ] , '' Dressler said.The tunnel , however , was not finished , as one of the members of the construction team was betrayed by a woman whom they had an affair with . The woman , who turned out to be the wife of a border control officer , informed their husband about the construction and the whole affair was uncovered shortly before the planned completion of the construction . `` This , of course , was a terrible blow . When such stories come up , even historians and archaeologists ca n't help but be touched to the core , '' Dressel said.Over 70 tunnels were dug in Berlin , mainly in the early 1960s . Most of them were discovered by the East German authorities , but 19 of them managed to help more than 300 people escape to the West.The main task is now to maintain the tunnel in its original form . The authorities and the city 's water service have already expressed their readiness to assist .
© AFP 2017/ Richter magnitude scale Magnitude 6.2 Earthquake Hits Chile - US Geological Survey
PETROPAVLOVSK-KAMCHATSKIY ( Russia ) ( Sputnik ) – Russia 's far eastern Kamchatka peninsula was hit on Tuesday by a 5.3-magnitude earthquake , spokesperson for Kamchatka 's department of the Geophysical Service of the Russian Academy of Sciences told Sputnik .
“ The seismic event occurred Tuesday in the morning local time on the south-eastern shore of Kamchatka near the volcanoes of Khodutka and Ksudach . The epicenter was located at the depth of 120 kilometers [ about 75 miles ] , 130 kilometers south of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatskiy , ” the spokesperson said .
They added that tremors were not felt in settlements on the Kamchatka peninsula .
There are no reports about damages and casualties .
Kamchatka is located in a seismically active zone known as the Ring of Fire and regularly suffers from earthquakes .
HIGHLIGHTS Longtime Bay Shore resident cited for athletic prowess
Army veteran served under Gen. Omar Bradley in WWII
Salvatore Badolato , a World War II Army veteran who landed on Omaha Beach in the D-Day invasion of Normandy , France , and was later recognized as the “ most inspirational ” athlete at the National Veterans Golden Age Games despite a long history of heart issues , died Dec. 24 in Pennsylvania .
The longtime Bay Shore resident was 92 .
The cause of death was respiratory insufficiency and cardiac arrhythmia after a heart attack in October , said their daughter Mary O'Connor , 65 , of Brodheadsville , Pennsylvania .
Born Aug. 10 , 1924 , in Sicily , Badolato and their family moved to Brooklyn when they were about 2 years old .
He 'd hoped to enlist in the Army at 17 , but their mother would n't hear of it . “ You want to die ? ” their mother asked him . “ Well , I 'll kill you , ” O'Connor said the story was told .
They were drafted at 18 and would run communication wires for the Army 's telephones as part of their time in France , Germany and Italy , O'Connor said .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Badolato , a private , served under Gen. Omar Bradley during the D-Day invasion and was part of a later wave of soldiers storming the beach . They could n't watch war movies such as “ Saving Private Ryan ” and never showed people the medals he 'd received , their daughter said .
“ For many , many years , they never talked about it , ” O'Connor said .
But they felt at ease at the Northport Veterans Affairs Medical Center , where they trained for the National Veterans Golden Age Games . They competed in swimming , golf and shuffleboard and won multiple gold medals . In 2011 , the games named them their George Gangi Inspiration Award winner ; the games ' official publication cited their comeback after a recent stroke and military service for the honor .
They had a series of health problems , including the stroke , diabetes , multiple heart attacks and two open-heart surgeries . Their first heart attack forced them to retire before age 50 from their job as a supervisor for a shoe manufacturer in Manhattan , O'Connor said .
“ If anyone had seen their health records , it was a miracle that they lived as many years , ” they said .
They were predeceased by their wife of 65 years , Emily .
In addition to their daughter , survivors include son Peter Badolato and daughters Linda Rostky and Gloria Carpenter , all of Bay Shore ; eight grandchildren ; and three great-grandchildren .
A wake was held Thursday at the Claude R. Boyd-Spencer Funeral Home in West Islip . The funeral was Friday at the Parish of St. Patrick in Bay Shore and Badolato was buried at Calverton National Cemetery in Calverton .
Despite aiding the Jacksonville Jaguars to the playoffs last season , it appears Gregg Rosenthal of NFL Network is n't a big believer in quarterback Blake Bortles . In their recent rankings of the league 's top-32 quarterbacks , Bortles just missed the cut alongside starting notables like Mitchell Trubisky and recent Buffalo Bills acquisition AJ McCarron .
After a lackluster 2016 season , Bortles improved their play in 2017 and finished the season with a career-high completion percentage ( 60.2 ) and quarterback rating ( 84.7 ) for 3,687 yards and 21 touchdowns . With them under center , the Jags went 10-6 in the regular season and made it to the postseason for the first time in a decade . During the team 's run in the playoffs , Bortles was 49-of-85 ( 57.6 percent ) for 594 yards and three touchdowns .
When considering those numbers , it 's definitely understandable to question Rosenthal 's list as players like Tyrod Taylor , Jacoby Brissett , Ryan Tannehill and Andy Dalton were all ranked ahead of Bortles . Additionally , Rosenthal listed two players in Teddy Bridgewater ( projection ) and Sam Bradford over Bortles , who played significantly less than them in 2017 . That said , it 's clear that Rosenthal feels the Jags ' defense propelled Bortles and the Jags to the postseason .
Here on Jags Wire we 've been on record for believing the Jags need more out of the quarterback position , but to rank Bortles outside of the 20 's is a bit harsh . That said , now that the Jags have added some offensive help in free agency and will also add some through the draft , perhaps Bortles can take another step forward and earn more respect from the national media .
We have been overwhelmed with sweetness lately … not of the sugary kind but of a loving little cat and their five kittens . The kittens have been adopted and it 's now time for Marbles , the mom , to have their own special home .
Marbles , at 2 , is just past the kitten stage herself . They are a beautiful torbie — a tabby mixed with a tortie . Marbles is a bit shy but has a sweet disposition . They are very much a lap cat , still wanting the feeling of security after an eventful trip from Virginia . They have been spayed and is up to date with vaccinations .
Are you ready to welcome them to your home and give them the cuddles they so richly deserves ?
Our website , roar-ridgefield.org , gives information about adoptions and open hours .
ROAR with Laughter is back and better than ever , on Saturday , March 4 , 6:30 p.m. at BMW of Ridgefield , with comedian Moody McCarthy , who will keep you roaring . Buy your tickets online now . New this year , whether you attend or not , go to 501auctions.com/ROAR with Laughter and bid for items right up to 9:30 the night of , with your smartphone or device .
Preston Wiginton , a White Lives Matter organizer , has invited White supremacist Richard Spencer to speak at Texas A & M on 9/11 . If Spencer accepts the invitation , they will visit Texas A & M a second time , Dallas News reports . For their last campus visit , the university organized a unity rally that drew thousands . Spencer spoke to a group of about 400 .
Wiginton says that they were inspired by the Charlottesville rally to organize Spencer 's visit . They told the campus newspaper , The Battalion , that the event is organized to counter the “ liberal anti-White agenda. ” Wigington also said that the liberal agenda leads to “ White genocide , ” but when asked to cite examples of White genocide , they deferred . Wigington said they did n't choose the date for its relevance to the 2001 terror attacks .
Spencer is a White supremacist who believes that America “ belongs to the Whites. ” Spencer got a lot of coverage when they were punched in the face twice on Inauguration Day . During their last campus visit , they professed elation that Trump was elected . A Texas A & M spokesperson says the university does not agree with Wiginton 's views .
SOURCE : DALLAS NEWS
Racist Richard Spencer Punched On Camera At DC Rally
Roland Martin Confronts White Nationalist Richard Spencer On NewsOne Now
POTTSVILLE — It was similar to a buzzer-beating 3-pointer at the end of a quarter in basketball , or a long touchdown pass right before the half in football .
One of those momentum-stealing plays that changes the course of the contest and defeats the morale of the opposing team .
Pottsville came up with such a play in Friday 's Schuylkill League boys ' swimming showdown against Blue Mountain at the Ned Hampford Natatorium .
Leading by four points after three events , the Crimson Tide 's Zach Turnitza , Jordan Young and Noah Shelhamer finished 1-2-3 in the 50-yard freestyle .
The 10-point advantage in the event gave Pottsville a 14-point lead heading into the hour-long diving competition , and the Crimson Tide were never challenged the rest of the way in a 105-81 victory over the Eagles .
The win gives Pottsville ( 14-0 , 10-0 SL ) its first outright Schuylkill League boys ' team title since 2015 after sharing it last year with Blue Mountain and secures the program 's seventh undefeated season .
“ It was back and forth through the first couple of events , ” Pottsville coach Ned Hampford said . “ Compared to the last meet , we were feeling good , but we decided we had to do something in the 50 .
“ So we threw our three sprinters in there and , boy , they responded . That was huge . ”
Pottsville 's sweep of the 50 freestyle came after Blue Mountain 's Ty Rabenstein won the 200 freestyle and Mason Irwin paced a 1-3-5 Eagles ' finish in the 200 individual medley that sliced the Crimson Tide 's early lead to 25-21 .
Turnitza won the event going away with a time of 23.25 seconds . Young , Shelhamer and Blue Mountain 's Andrew Johnson all finished at nearly the same time , with Young being clocked at 23.85 , Shelhamer at 23.87 and Johnson at 23.89 . Blue Mountain 's Christian Wilson was fifth in 24.19 .
The result started a wild celebration among the Pottsville boys ' team members on their side of the pool and gave the Crimson Tide a 38-24 lead .
In the first meeting between the teams Jan. 22 at Blue Mountain , which Pottsville won 100-86 , the meet was tied 31-31 after the 50 freestyle .
“ The 50 free is a hard event and requires a lot of training , ” said Young , who added a victory in the 100 freestyle . “ We push each other in practice and we came out on top this time .
“ That event definitely changed the course of the meet . ”
Pottsville pulled away at that point , as Rick Gradwell won diving , Zaidian Van Orden placed first in the 100 butterfly and Young touched first in the 100 freestyle .
Gradwell , a first-year diver , was a surprise entry into the diving competition after being injured most of the season . Blue Mountain ( 10-2-1 , 8-2 ) used a 1-2 finish by Michael Levkulic and Sean Sopko in diving in the first meeting to forge a lead . Friday , Gradwell , Owen Golden and Corey Holobetz placed 1-3-4 to give Pottsville a 49-29 lead .
And , by using Gradwell in diving instead of Brady Kokitus , that allowed Hampford to use Kokitus in four swimming events , which provided depth in Pottsville 's relays .
“ He 's been injured , and they came back and is feeling better . He 's a great kid , ” Hampford said of Gradwell . “ He put it together . Luckily they were ready to go today .
“ By not using Brady — we have three divers , all did very well — we used Brady in four swimming events and that really helped in our relays and in the 100 ( freestyle ) . ”
Turnitza ( 100 backstroke ) , Alec Gonzalez ( 100 breaststroke ) and the 400 freestyle relay quartet of Josh Zelinsky , Van Orden , Young and Turnitza closed the meet with victories as Pottsville won eight of the 12 events .
Rabenstein picked up their second individual victory in the 500 freestyle , while the Blue Mountain quartet of Wilson , Derrick Yuengling , Rabenstein and Johnson touched first in the 200 freestyle relay .
“ We have a big senior group and they wanted the title this year . They wanted it back in Pottsville , ” Hampford said . “ They delivered today . I 'm very proud of them . ”
Girls ' Swimming
Blue Mountain 112
Pottsville 65
POTTSVILLE — Mallorie Dukmen ( 100 back ) and Giuliana Botti ( 100 fly ) each individual wins and swam on three winning relays as the Eagles wrapped up their fourth straight unbeaten Schuylkill League slate and extended their league win streak to 40 straight .
Sophia Cairnie ( 200 free ) , Sofia Pascuzzo ( 200 IM ) , Emily Harding ( diving ) and Sara Zimmerman ( 100 breast ) added individual event victories for Blue Mountain ( 11-2 , 10-0 ) , which won its 11th straight dual this season after starting 0-2 .
Kylie Tohill and Angela Eckert finished 1-2 in both the 50 freestyle and 100 freestyle for Pottsville ( 5-9 , 3-7 ) , while Laura Turnitza won the 500 freestyle .
Contact the writer : Lboyer @ republicanherald.com ; 570-628-6026 ; @ pubsportsboss on Twitter
Meet Summaries
GIRLS Blue Mountain 112 , Pottsville 65
200 medley relays — 1 . Blue Mountain A ( Dukmen , Zimmerman , Botti , O'Neill ) 2:02.39 , 2 . Blue Mountain B , 3 . Pottsville A
200 freestyle — 1 . S. Cairnie ( BM ) 2:19.81 , 2 . A. Cairnie ( BM ) , 3 . Freeman ( BM ) , 4 . Michel ( P ) , 5 . Sponenburg ( P )
200 IM — 1 . Pascuzzo ( BM ) 2:33.18 , 2 . J. Turnitza ( P ) , 3 . Mettam ( P ) , 4 . DeCindio ( BM )
50 freestyle — 1 . Tohill ( P ) 26.47 , 2 . Eckert ( P ) , 3 . O'Neill ( BM ) , 4 . Kelly ( BM ) , 5 . Eagan ( P )
Diving — 1 . Harding ( BM ) 146.40 , 2 . Kruppenbach ( P ) , 3 . E. Laughlin ( BM ) , 4 . L. Laughlin ( BM )
100 butterfly — 1 . Botti ( BM ) 1:06.34 , 2 . Mettam ( P ) , 3 . S. Cairnie ( BM ) , 4 . E. Laughlin ( BM )
100 freestyle — 1 . Tohill ( P ) 58.31 , 2 . Eckert ( P ) , 3 . Lopez ( BM ) , 4 . J. Turnitza ( P ) , 5 . Freeman ( BM )
500 freestyle — 1 . L. Turnitza ( P ) 6:34.06 , 2 . Tokonitz ( P )
200 freestyle relay — 1 . Blue Mountain ( O'Neill , Dukmen , Lopez , Botti ) 1:48.52 , 2 . Pottsville , 3 . Blue Mountain
100 backstroke — 1 . Dukmen ( BM ) 1:06.30 , 2 . Pascuzzo ( BM ) , 3 . A. Cairnie ( BM ) , 4 . Tokonitz ( P ) , 5 . Michel ( P )
100 breaststroke — 1 . Zimmerman ( BM ) 1:19.55 , 2 . Mitchell ( BM ) , 3 . Harding ( BM ) , 4 . L. Turnitza ( P ) , 5 . Eagan ( P )
400 freestyle relay — 1 . Blue Mountain ( O'Neill , Lopez , Dukmen , Botti ) 4:04.25 , 2 . Blue Mountain , 3 . Pottsville
BOYS Pottsville 105 , Blue Mountain 81
200 medley relays — 1 . Pottsville ( Turnitza , Gonzalez , Van Orden , Shelhamer ) 1:45.03 , 2 . Blue Mountain , 3 . Pottsville
200 freestyle — 1 . Rabenstein ( BM ) 1:55.47 , 2 . Zelinsky ( P ) , 3 . Lecher ( P ) , 4 . Ott ( P ) , 5 . Keith ( BM )
200 IM — 1 . Irwin ( BM ) 2:08.83 , 2 . Van Orden ( P ) , 3 . Powers ( BM ) , 4 . Kelly ( P ) , 5 . Rautzhan ( BM )
50 freestyle — 1 . Turnitza ( P ) 23.25 , 2 . Young ( P ) 23.85 , 3 . Shelhamer ( P ) 23.87 , 4 . Johnson ( BM ) 23.89 , 5 . Wilson ( BM ) 24.19
Diving — 1 . Gradwell ( P ) 187.30 , 2 . Levkulic ( BM ) , 3 . Golden ( P ) , 4 . Holobetz ( P ) , 5 . Sopko ( BM )
100 butterfly — 1 . Van Orden ( P ) 58.00 , 2 . Irwin ( BM ) , 3 . Kalinich ( P ) , 4 . Parkinson ( BM ) , 5 . Wilson ( BM )
100 freestyle — 1 . Young ( P ) 51.83 , 2 . Yuengling ( BM ) , 3 . Johnson ( BM ) , 4 . Kokitus ( P ) , 5 . Shelhamer ( P )
500 freestyle — 1 . Rabenstein ( BM ) 5:06.99 , 2 . Zelinsky ( P ) , 3 . J. Phillips ( BM ) , 4 . Ott ( P ) , 5 . Kalinich ( P )
200 freestyle relay — 1 . Blue Mountain ( Wilson , Yuengling , Rabenstein , Johnson ) 1:36.22 , 2 . Pottsville , 3 . Blue Mountain
100 backstroke — 1 . Turnitza ( P ) 56.47 , 2 . Lecher ( P ) , 3 . Yuengling ( BM ) , 4 . Powers ( BM ) , 5 . Sopko ( BM )
100 breaststroke — 1 . Gonzalez ( P ) 1:10.21 , 2 . Keith ( BM ) , 3 . Carr ( BM ) , 4 . Usuka ( BM ) , 5 . Messina ( P )
400 freestyle relay — 1 . Pottsville ( Zelinsky , Van Orden , Young , Turnitza ) 3:28.18 , 2 . Blue Mountain , 3 . Pottsville
ISLAMABAD : Federal Defence Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif underlined the need for protecting boundaries in order to combat terrorism .
In an interview , they said the matter regarding border management with Afghan government has been discussed to eliminate the menace of terrorism .
The minister said terrorists and their hideouts are in Afghanistan and suicide bombers are also coming from outside the country .
They said all important measures will be taken to secure the efforts made for flushing out the menace of terrorism .
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds . Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house , here 's what it looks like
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
1:50 Highlights and postgame comments from Irmo 's win over Dutch Fork
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY , Va. — Several roadways damaged by recent flooding in Central Virginia , will remain closed as crews continue repairs , according to VDOT .
Those roadways include multiple locations in Hanover County and some areas in Lunenburg and Mecklenburg Counties .
Officials are reminding motorists not to drive around or move barricades or signage near damaged areas .
VDOT said in some cases they are bringing in specialists to develop repair plans because certain wash out locations present unique challenges
Some repairs are n't expected to be completed until August , according to VDOT .
Here are the damaged roadways and repairs :
Hanover County
Kings Dominion Boulevard ( Route 30 ) west near Doswell Road – remains closed due to washout ; all eastbound and westbound traffic is moving in the eastbound lanes . An emergency contract is in place . Repairs are expected to be complete by mid-August .
Patrick Henry Road ( Route 54 ) near Independence Road – remains closed due to washout ; use posted detour . Damage assessment continues .
Greenwood Road ( Route 625 ) near Winns Church Road – closed due to washout ; use posted detour . Repairs are expected to be complete by mid-June .
Meadowbridge Road ( Route 627 ) near the Henrico/Hanover county line – closed to washout ; use posted detour . Repairs are expected to be complete in early June .
Cross Corner Road ( Route 641 ) between Route 1 and Blunts Bridge Road ( Route 667 ) – closed due to washout ; use posted detour . Repairs are expected to be complete in early June .
Horseshoe Bridge Road ( Route 686 ) near Stagg Creek – closed for bridge repair . Repairs are expected to be complete in early June .
Lunenburg County
Switchback Road ( Route 605 ) between S. Hill Road and Jonesboro Road – closed due to washout ; use posted detour . Repairs are expected to be complete by mid-July .
Saffold Road ( Route 635 ) near the Lunenburg/Mecklenburg county line –closed due to washout ; use posted detour . Repairs are expected to be complete by mid-July .
Mecklenburg County
Chalk Level Road ( Route 655 ) near Route 47 – closed due to washout ; use posted detour . Repairs are expected to be complete by mid-July .
More information on road closures in Virginia is available on 511Virginia , VDOT 's 24-hour traffic information website .
To report roadway hazards or submit questions about repairs , call VDOT 's Customer Service Center at 1-800-FOR-ROAD ( 800-367-7623 ) or , click here .
Enrique Marquez Jr. , 25 , of Riverside , Calif. , is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack , and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges .
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit :
In their plea , Marquez admits that their friend , Syed Rizwan Farook , paid them for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015 . That 's when Farook and their wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook 's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center . Marquez also admits they conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College ( RCC ) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California . Those plans never materialized .
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said , `` While their earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed , the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center . ''
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it .
They did acknowledge that they were a `` straw buyer '' when they purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack .
According to a Justice Department statement :
`` Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country , '' said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden . `` It is purchases like Marquez 's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino . The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form . It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community . In this case , the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack . ''
Mandy Pifer , whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack , told The Associated Press that Marquez 's plea agreement brought mixed emotions :
`` It 's a hell of a day to come out , Valentine 's Day , '' the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said . `` I 'm relieved that it wo n't be a long trial . If it 'll be finished sooner , I 'm all for it . '' They said they planned to speak at Marquez 's sentencing about the impact their boyfriend 's killing has had on them In their last moments , Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table , shielding them from the bullets . `` It is what it is , '' they said . `` Nothing 's going to bring them back . ''
Marquez is expected to formally enter their guilty pleas Thursday morning .
They have been in custody since they were ordered detained at their initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17 , 2015 .
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison .
SEVERAL key powerbrokers have had second thoughts on the punishments handed down to Steve Smith and David Warner , but the question is whether Cricket Australia would ever be prepared to backtrack .
There is no chance of the pair playing international cricket before their bans expire .
However , there have been persistent whispers over the past two months that CA might not have completely blanked out the prospect of softening the element of the penalties which has the duo banned from all domestic cricket for the full 12 months .
Cricket Australia emphatically deny this is up for debate but it 's understood some board members have privately expressed fears they might have gone too hard on the finer points of the landmark sanctions .
Shane Watson last week called on CA to allow Smith and Warner to play in the Big Bash League , and there is a growing chorus of current and ex-players who believe the deposed captain and vice-captain should be given the chance to put back into Sheffield Shield cricket .
The final four matches of the Shield summer begin on February 23 , well after all the home Test matches are over and the spotlight is gone .
There have been suggestions that CA could consider allowing Smith and Warner back from the wilderness for this period - a month before their 12 months is up .
It would have the dual benefit of boosting the standard of the Shield competition , while at the same time solving the conundrum of giving Smith and Warner some serious cricket before they may be thrust back for the World Cup and Ashes campaigns in the winter .
`` It 's surprised me that they were restricted from playing domestic cricket to be honest with you , because I thought it was a wonderful opportunity for our first-class game in Australia to have two of the game 's modern-day greats - in Steve and Dave 's case - playing every single game , '' said respected coach and former international Tom Moody .
`` To me it adds richness and quality to the tournament and challenges the competition . ''
If any leniency is shown it might be framed out of Cricket Australia 's cultural review in the context of being some kind of reward for the players should they satisfy their 100 hours of community service and tick all the other boxes with their rehabilitation program .
Current NSW star Moises Henriques believes allowing Smith and Warner to play Shield cricket would be not only a fair and reasonable review of the situation now the dust has settled , but also a huge boost to the domestic game and the Big Bash .
`` I hope so . I personally feel those three guys ( including Cameron Bancroft ) got hung out to dry a little bit to be honest , '' said Henriques , who is a long-time friend and teammate of the pair .
`` I know having them around the NSW group ( the past few weeks ) has even helped me and helped my batting and I 've been playing professional cricket for 14 years . You can imagine what effect that would have on some youngsters that are just starting out .
`` To observe the way they go about their preparation and observe how they go about playing games , I think it would be very beneficial to Australian cricket in the long-run .
Cameron Bancroft has spent their time playing for Desert Blaze in the Northern Territory 's Strike League . Picture : Getty
`` And also to start that interaction again with fans and actually have them out there and being active in the game and being a benefit to the game rather than just sitting at home doing nothing . ''
However , there is another side to the argument . Cricket Australia could face a backlash for changing their minds , and there are concerns that allowing Smith and Warner back early would n't be fair on Cameron Bancroft who is serving a nine-month ban . CA might not legally be able to go back on their code of conduct decsions .
`` If you ban them for 12 months you 've obviously done it for a reason . I do n't think they can then turn around and start chopping and changing , '' said Ian Chappell .
`` If you 're going to let them play in the Big Bash League , then the argument would be why are n't you going to let them play for Australia ?
`` I do n't think they can backtrack . ''
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we 're following for today . Wochit
Buy Photo A polling location is set up at Smyrna Middle School on April 26 , 2016 . ( Photo : JASON MINTO/THE NEWS JOURNAL ) Buy Photo
Delaware 's top election official is vowing to update the state 's voter registration forms amid claims those documents are in violation of federal law and could be disenfranchising thousands of potential voters .
The nonpartisan voter advocacy group Campaign Legal Center , based in Washington D.C. , brought the irregularities to the state 's attention on Wednesday after conducting a survey of the voter registration forms used by all 50 states .
The group found that the federal voter registration form for Delaware contains outdated information about felons ' eligibility to cast ballots in state elections .
Both the state registration form and the Election Department 's website direct potential voters to determine their eligibility by reading the Delaware Constitution .
RELATED : Senate Minority Leader Gary Simpson to retire
STORY : Groups cheer new sexual harassment policy for Delaware legislators
`` How are people supposed to know if they are eligible to vote if the most basic materials provided by the state do n't tell them ? '' asked Danielle Lang , senior legal counsel with the Campaign Legal Center . `` You should n't need a lawyer to figure out if you can vote . ''
Delaware Election Commissioner Elaine Manlove said they responded to the group 's concerns immediately .
`` They are correct , '' they told The News Journal . `` And we will be acting on every one of their recommendations . ''
The issue centers on two major changes made to Delaware 's voter eligibility laws in recent years .
A 2013 amendment to the state constitution allowed most felons in the state to cast a ballot immediately after being released from prison , repealing what previously had been a five-year window . The General Assembly in 2016 then allowed felons to vote before they pay off all their court-mandated fines and fees .
But you would never know those changes occurred by looking at the forms Delaware residents must fill out to become registered voters .
The National Mail Voter Registration Form – a federally maintained , universal voter registration document that contains the rules and regulations for every state – still tells ex-convicts in Delaware that their fines and prison sentences must be completed five years before they can apply to vote .
In reality , those rights are now restored automatically .
The state registration form , meanwhile , says someone `` may register to vote '' if they are `` an ex-felon who meets the requirements as specified by law according to 15 Del . C. Chapter 61 . ''
The frequently-asked-questions section of the Election Department 's website does not even go that far . It simply states a person convicted of a felony may register so long as they were not charged with `` a disqualifying felony as defined in the Delaware Constitution . ''
Those felonies include murder or manslaughter , except vehicular homicide ; felonies involving bribery , improper influence and abuse of office ; or felonies that constitute a sexual offense .
According to the Campaign Legal Center , the lack of basic , accurate information on Delaware 's registration forms could constitute a violation of the 1993 National Voter Registration Act , which requires states to inform residents of voter eligibility requirements and make sure the national form is up to date .
It also could have convinced thousands of people who served prison time that they do not have the right to vote . Estimates in 2013 put that population at about 28,000 people , about 45 percent of whom are black .
Buy Photo Delaware Elections Commissioner Elaine Manlove said they plan to update the state 's voter registration forms after a voter advocacy group raised concerns about their accuracy and legality . ( Photo : JASON MINTO/THE NEWS JOURNAL )
Manlove said they are unsure why the voter registration documents were not updated after the General Assembly passed two new voter eligibility laws in the past five years .
`` I think maybe we thought our process did n't change , or we just did n't think about it at all , '' they said .
The issues raised by the Campaign Legal Center also took some of the state 's leading voter rights advocates by surprise .
`` I 'm very disheartened , '' said state Sen. Margaret Rose Henry , D-Wilmington , who sponsored both the 2013 and 2016 bills . `` So many people are being disenfranchised across the country in very sneaky ways . That 's not the intent here in Delaware . ''
Kathleen MacRae , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Delaware , said they are grateful to the Campaign Legal Center for pointing out these issues .
`` It is really important that these forms state who can and who can not be registered to vote , '' they said . `` That 's why I also would appreciate Commissioner Manlove taking quick action on this . ''
Delaware is not alone in providing deficient voter registration forms , Lang said . Them group this week sent out letters to five other states with similar issues : Arizona , Maryland , Nebraska , Nevada and Tennessee .
As of Friday , only Delaware had responded , they said .
`` We are very encouraged to have gotten Elaine Manlove 's response so quickly and have it unequivocably state that changes will be made , '' Lang said . `` Our expectation is these changes will be put into effect in the next 30 days so new forms are in place well before the upcoming election . ''
Contact reporter Scott Goss at ( 302 ) 324-2281 , sgoss @ delawareonline.com or on Twitter @ ScottGossDel .
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/politics/2018/02/03/delaware-changing-voter-registration-forms-amid-legality-concerns/300159002/
Margaret Leatherwood has eight choices for health insurance next year but no good options .
The cheapest individual coverage available in their market would eat up nearly a quarter of the income their husband brings home from the oilfields .
The Bryson , Texas , couple makes too much to qualify for Affordable Care Act tax credits that help people buy coverage . But they do n't make enough to comfortably afford insurance on their own , even though Paul Leatherwood works seven days a week .
“ I hate to put it like this , but it sucks , ” said Margaret Leatherwood , who stays at home and takes care of their grandchildren .
This largely middle-class crowd of shoppers is struggling to stay insured . They 've weathered years of price hikes and shrinking insurance choices with no help . Faced with more price increases for next year , they 're mulling options outside insurance or skipping coverage entirely — a decision that could lead to a fine for remaining uninsured and huge bills if an emergency hits .
The sign-up period for 2018 coverage closes on Friday in most states , meaning shoppers have only a few more days to find something that squeezes into their budgets .
“ I kind of cringe when I am meeting with those clients because I do n't have a solution for them , ” said Kelly Rector , a Missouri-based insurance agent .
The ACA helped chop the U.S. uninsured population 41 percent to 28.8 million people earlier this year from 48.6 million in 2010 , when it became law , according to the latest government figures .
The law expanded Medicaid coverage for the poor and created health insurance marketplaces where people can use income-based tax credits to buy a single or family individual insurance plan if they do n't get coverage through work . Those subsidies cover part or all of the bill , capping insurance costs at a percentage of income for those who are eligible . That shields recipients from price hikes of 20 percent or more that have hit many markets .
But that help stops abruptly for people making four times the federal poverty level or more — around $ 48,000 for an individual and more than $ 98,000 for a family of four .
Of the roughly 15 million people who bought ACA-compliant individual insurance for this year , nearly 7 million had no tax credit help , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
Meanwhile , the uninsured rate among adults who make too much to qualify for help to buy coverage jumped to 5 percent this year from 2 percent in 2016 , according to The Commonwealth Fund .
Brokers and health care researchers expect that to climb again , especially for people with income levels close to the cutoff for federal help .
“ It 's not going to be like an on-off switch where prices get too high and nobody buys coverage , ” said Sherry Glied of New York University . “ It 's more like a drip , drip , drip . ”
The vulnerable population includes the self-employed , small business owners and those close to qualifying for the Medicare program that covers people age 65 and over .
These customers can face monthly bills that climb past $ 2,000 for a family plan and then a big deductible before most coverage starts . Plus fewer markets this year have insurance that comes with a health savings account , which lets people save for medical expenses before taxes . Those accounts are popular with individual insurance shoppers who do n't get tax credit help , said St. Louis broker Emily Bremer .
Leslie Glogau said some of their customers in the Orlando , Florida area are considering short-term , limited-benefits plans that are cheaper than ACA-compliant coverage but can leave them vulnerable to big medical bills . Such plans also wo n't stave off the uninsured penalty , which can amount to a few thousand dollars depending on income .
“ People just do n't know which way to turn , ” Glogau said .
Insurance shoppers wo n't be fined if they ca n't find an affordable option in their market . But going uninsured would still leave them exposed to huge medical bills .
Margaret and Paul Leatherwood wound up with a limited-benefits plan this year , but they want better protection in case of a big bill . She 's 58 and they just turned 60 . They 're weighing joining a medical cost-sharing ministry for next year .
These ministries are not insurance , but they allow people to band together to share expenses , often by making monthly payments . They can be cheaper than regular coverage , and belonging to one allows customers to escape the ACA penalty for remaining uninsured .
Such arrangements usually come with restrictions or qualifications . For instance , participants may not be allowed to use tobacco , and there might be limits on help for medical conditions that existed before the customer signed up .
“ That 's really the only option we have that 's going to cover anything , ” Margaret Leatherwood said .
Lance and Stephanie Schmidt bought family coverage in the individual insurance market for years because they do n't get employer-sponsored coverage through Lance 's dental practice . But the Oklahoma City couple opted for a cost-sharing ministry this year after they realized the monthly insurance bill for their family of five would have more than doubled to over $ 1,200 and stuck them with a deductible that topped $ 7,000 .
They now pay $ 450 a month for a plan through Liberty HealthShare , and they are leaning toward returning next year .
“ There 's still some risk there , but so far it has proven to be just fine , ” said Stephanie Schmidt .
Cost-sharing ministries and short-term plans are n't the only alternatives to individual insurance . Tom Morrill , a broker from Kansas City , Missouri , has helped many of their customers set up group coverage through their businesses .
They said that gives them better options than what they would find on the individual market , where coverage prices from the dominant insurer , Cigna , are climbing an average of 42 percent . Four insurers have left that market . The 10 remaining plans all have narrow networks of providers and do n't pay for care outside those networks .
“ It 's nuts , ” Morrill said . “ Rates have jumped dramatically . It 's not good coverage . ”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
After a long dry spell , widespread rain is predicted for most parts of the country from Tuesday .
Director General Met Office told government based radio station that a westerly wave is likely to approach upper parts of the country on Tuesday .
Under influence of this weather system , intermittent rain , thunderstorm and snowfall are expected over upper parts of the country from Tuesday to Saturday .
Scattered rain is expected over Islamabad , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , FATA , Rawalpindi , Gujranwala , Sargodha and Lahore divisions , Gilgit-Baltistan and Kashmir .
Isolated light rain and snowfall over the hills is expected over Quetta and Zhob divisions as well Light to moderate snowfall is also expected over the hills of Malakand , Hazara divisions , Galiyat , Gilgit-Baltistan and Kashmir .
Met office reports intermittent rain may trigger landslides in the mountainous areas of KP , GB and Kashmir .
© Chattarji laboratory
Mrs. M would never forget that day . They were walking along a busy road next to the vegetable market when two goons zipped past on a bike . One man 's hand shot out and grabbed the chain around their neck . The next instant , they had stumbled to their knees , and was dragged along in the wake of the bike . Thankfully , the chain snapped , and they got away with a mildly bruised neck . Though dazed by the incident , Mrs. M was fine until a week after the incident.Then , the nightmares began.She would struggle and yell and fight in their sleep every night with phantom chain snatchers . Every bout left them charged with anger and often left them depressed . The episodes continued for several months until they finally stopped . How could a single stressful event have such extended consequences ? A new study by Indian scientists has gained insights into how a single instance of severe stress can lead to delayed and long-term psychological trauma . The work pinpoints key molecular and physiological processes that could be driving changes in brain architecture.This activity sets in late , occurring ten days after a single stressful episode , and is dependent on a molecule known as the N-Methyl-D-Aspartate Receptor ( NMDA-R ) , an ion channel protein on nerve cells known to be crucial for memory functions.The amygdala is a small , almond-shaped groups of nerve cells that is located deep within the temporal lobe of the brain.Previously , Chattarji 's group had shown that a single instance of acute stress had no immediate effects on the amygdala of rats . But ten days later , these animals began to show increased anxiety , and delayed changes in the architecture of their brains , especially the amygdala . `` We showed that our study system is applicable to PTSD . This delayed effect after a single episode of stress was reminiscent of what happens in PTSD patients , '' says Chattarji . `` We know that the amygdala is hyperactive in PTSD patients . But no one knows as of now , what is going on in there , '' they add.Investigations revealed major changes in the microscopic structure of the nerve cells in the amygdala . Stress seems to have caused the formation of new nerve connections called synapses in this region of the brain . However , until now , the physiological effects of these new connections were unknown.In their recent study , Chattarji 's team has established that the new nerve connections in the amygdala lead to heightened electrical activity in this region of the brain . `` Most studies on stress are done on a chronic stress paradigm with repeated stress , or with a single stress episode where changes are looked at immediately afterwards -- like a day after the stress , '' says Farhana Yasmin , one of the Chattarji 's students . `` So , our work is unique in that we show a reaction to a single instance of stress , but at a delayed time point , '' they add.Furthermore , a well-known protein involved in memory and learning , called NMDA-R has been recognised as one of the agents that bring about these changes . Blocking the NMDA-R during the stressful period not only stopped the formation of new synapses , it also blocked the increase in electrical activity at these synapses . `` So we have for the first time , a molecular mechanism that shows what is required for the culmination of events ten days after a single stress , '' says Chattarji . `` In this study , we have blocked the NMDA Receptor during stress . But we would like to know if blocking the molecule after stress can also block the delayed effects of the stress . And if so , how long after the stress can we block the receptor to define a window for therapy , '' they add.Chattarji 's group first began their investigations into how stress affects the amygdala and other regions of the brain around ten years ago . The work has required the team to employ an array of highly specialised and diverse procedures that range from observing behaviour to recording electrical signals from single brain cells and using an assortment of microscopy techniques . `` To do this , we have needed to use a variety of techniques , for which we required collaborations with people who have expertise in such techniques , '' says Chattarji . `` And the glue for such collaborations especially in terms of training is vital . We are very grateful to the Wadhwani Foundation that supports our collaborative efforts and to the DBT and DAE for funding this work , '' they add .
Bengaluru : Bellandur Lake on Tuesday once again spilled toxic foam after heavy overnight rain in Bengaluru .
Highly polluted Bellandur Lake , the largest of the 262 lakes and tanks in Bengaluru , has spilled toxic foam many times in the recent past and on several occasions the toxic foam also caught fire .
The sorry state of the lake forced the National Green Tribunal ( NGT ) to take the matter suo motto .
On April 19 , the NGT directed immediate and complete shutdown of 76 polluting industries around the lake after a mound of garbage was set on fire in February this year leading to massive pollution in the area .
The green court expressed displeasure over the steps taken by the different state government agencies for the revival of the Bellandur lake and asked the Karnataka Government to clean the lake within a month .
The NGT also raised questions as to why an action was not taken to block the entry of sewerage water despite repeated reminders from the State Pollution Control Board .
It further directed the state government to set up a committee headed by the Urban Development Department ( UDD ) to monitor the rejuvenation of the Bellandur lake .
On May 18 , the NGT directed the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board ( KSPCB ) to physically inspect the industries around Bellandur lake whether they are shut and not just issue closure notices .
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican Pause
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams : Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice '
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house , here 's what it looks like
Reports of Priyanka Chopra doing Sanjay Leela Bhansali 's film on legendary poet Sahir Ludhianvi are doing the rounds , but they say they have not yet signed any Bollywood project .
The 34-year-old star , however , said they ca n't say no to Bhansali if they ask them to be a part of their film . “ I have n't decided any film yet . ( But ) Sanjay sir is someone I ca n't say no to . They know my pulse , they know what I would like to do . Every time we meet we look for things to do together . And hopefully , we will combine something . But I have n't zeroed in on any film yet , ” said Priyanka .
When asked if they were offered the film , Chopra said , “ I do n't like to talk about films that have been offered to me as then the list is long . ”
Priyanka , during their stay in India , has been a lot reading scripts and will be finalising their next Hindi films . “ In New York and India , I have been hearing a lot of filmmakers since two-three months . I have heard a lot of amazing scripts . I have four months in the year in which I can do two films . I am in the process of finalising them…Will finalise it by January , ” they said .
Priyanka 's last Bollywood film was Prakash Jha 's Jai Gangaajal in which they played a tough cop .
They say they are looking forward to the release of their Hollywood debut film Baywatch , which is slated to open in May .
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) - An Australian official said on Thursday that China used a different tone in private talks than it used in a recent public statement that demanded Australia take `` concrete actions '' to improve bilateral ties .
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Secretary Frances Adamson was being questioned by a Senate committee on the vastly different accounts that the Australian and Chinese foreign ministers gave of their bilateral meeting on the sidelines of a Group of 20 ministers conference in Argentina last week .
Australia has been talking down media reports of diplomatic disruptions over Chinese anger at Australian policies , including a proposed legislative ban on foreign interference in politics .
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop described their meeting last week with their Chinese counterpart Wang Yi as `` very warm and candid and constructive . ''
Wang said through a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson that they told Bishop that Australia needed to `` take off tinted glasses and see China 's development from a positive perspective '' if it really wanted to get relations back on track . `` Tinted glasses '' is Chinese diplomatic shorthand for what it sees as Western bias .
But Adamson told the committee Thursday that China took a different tone in private talks with Australian officials .
`` I think the ( Chinese ) public characterization of the meeting in tone is consistent with the recent tone adopted in the Chinese media , '' Adamson told the committee .
`` But I do draw a distinction between that tone as depicted publicly and the tone that we discern through direct conversations with the Chinese , '' they said .
`` I think the Chinese very much want to encourage a respectful public discourse about their role in the region , about our bilateral relationship , and this is not unique to Australia , '' they added .
Bishop maintains that they make the same statements in public as they make in private meetings with foreign officials .
The spat is impacting Australia 's trade as well as diplomatic relationship with its most important economic partner . Australia is regarded the developed country most dependent on China , which is the largest market for Australia 's must lucrative exports , iron ore and coal .
Australia-based Treasury Wine Estates , one of the world 's largest wine companies , told the Australian Securities Exchange this month that it was experiencing delays in getting Australian wine through Chinese customs .
Graham Fletcher , the department 's first assistant secretary , told the committee that they were aware of `` three or four companies '' in the Australian wine industry that were experiencing similar delays .
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang signed an agreement when they visited Australia in March last year that would give Australian ranchers greater access to the Chinese chilled beef market .
Australian beef producers are frustrated that the agreement has yet to take effect . Fletcher told the committee that the agreement had not progressed `` as quickly as we wanted . ''
Australian Trade Minister Steven Ciobo visited Shanghai this month but did not meet their Chinese counterpart .
Adamson , a former ambassador to Beijing , told the committee a meeting `` was n't convenient , was n't suitable '' for the Chinese .
Australian media reported this week that a classified government report commissioned by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in 2016 had found that the Chinese Communist Party had tried to influence Australian policy , compromise political parties and gain access to all levels of government for a decade . The government wo n't comment on the media reports .
170213-N-OV009-436
SAN DIEGO ( Feb. 13 , 2017 ) Fire Controlman 3rd Class Brian Forbes connects a guided missile simulator to a Sea Sparrow missile system for testing aboard the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz ( CVN 68 ) . The ship is undergoing Board of Inspection and Survey leading up to a future deployment . ( U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Colby S. Comery/Released )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.13.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 00:52 Photo ID : 3166318 VIRIN : 170213-N-OV009-436 Resolution : 4928x3280 Size : 1.5 MB Location : SAN DIEGO , CA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 2 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Sailor tests weapon system [ Image 1 of 259 ] , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Police in Dedza have expressed worry over the increase in number of deaths caused by road accidents in the district .
Dedza police spokesperson Edward Kabango said in an interview that last month 's statistics show an increase in number of accidents and deaths than the same period last year a development which they described as a worrisome .
According to Kabango , among the people who have lost their lives this year is a Catholic Father at Nakalazi Church under Mua Parish who died after their motorcycle collided with another motorcycle and two primary school students who lost their lives in separate road accidents .
Kabango attributed most of the accidents to speeding and failure among drivers to observe road signs .
“ During January this year , Dedza recorded 9 road accidents and 8 of them were fatal claiming 8 lives and the other one was serious and the victim is still admitted to the Kamuzu Central Hospital where they are still receiving treatment .
“ In the same month last year , 7 accidents were reported and 3 lives were lost , 2 people were seriously injured while another 2 survived with minor injuries . Said Kabango .
Meanwhile , the police are calling on drivers to use recommended speed limits and observe road signs and regulations .
On Thursday , the police engaged motorcyclists at Chimbiya Trading Centre where the taxi operators were equipped with techniques on road usage .
The company said an estimated 1-in-74 Minnesota drivers will hit a deer or other large animal this year , up from about 1-in-80 drivers in 2016 .
Minnesota retained its rank as No . 7 among all 50 states in how likely drivers are to hit a deer on the road .
The insurance company uses insurance claims data to make its estimates . But the increasing odds correlate well with reports of increased deer populations from the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources , which show about 20 percent more deer in forested areas over last year .
West Virginia again ranks as the place drivers are most likely to hit a deer , with a 1-in-43 chance . Pennsylvania and Montana are second and third . You 're pretty safe in Hawaii , where there 's only a 1-in-6,823 chance of hitting a big critter .
Iowa ranks fourth on the list with Wisconsin in fifth ( 1-in-72 drivers will hit a deer ) South Dakota sixth ( 1-in-73 ) and North Dakota 10th ( 1-in-in-87 ) .
It 's the 15th annual deer collision report form State Farm , the nation 's largest auto insurer . The report also includes collisions with moose , elk and caribou . The company says the likelihood of colliding with a large animal more than doubles in October , November and December , during their mating seasons and when the big animals are being pursued by hunters .
Nationwide , an estimated 1.3 million drivers will submit insurance claims for collisions with big animals this year , about 1 in every 164 drivers on the road .
The cost of repairing vehicles after deer collisions also is going up , hitting $ 4,179 on average in the 12 months ending June 30 , 2017 , up from $ 3,995 the year before .
Accidents with deer are n't just expensive — they also can be deadly . In 2013 , the most recent year with complete data available , 191 people died as a result of vehicle collisions with animals across the U.S. , according to the Insurance Information Institute and the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety .
Mumbai : The Reserve Bank 's recent move to reduce risk weights and standard asset provisioning on individual housing loans are credit negative for the banking sector , says a report .
In the second bi-monthly monetary policy review announced on June 7 , RBI had reduced the LTV ( loan to value ) ratios , risk weights and standard asset provisioning rate for individual housing loans on certain category for new customers .
`` The RBI 's moves are credit negative for banks because lower capital requirements will weaken banks ' protection from the housing sector , which has grown rapidly in recent years , and will encourage greater lending , '' global rating agency Moody 's said in a report here Thursday .
It said this growth is occurring as non-bank finance companies increasingly target the home-loan segment , posing greater downside risk if there is a correction in property prices .
RBI lowered the risk weight for housing loans above Rs 75 lakh to 50 percent from the earlier 75 percent , while for loans between Rs 30 lakh and Rs 75 lakh , the risk weights were cut to 35 percent from 50 percent .
The standard asset provisions , or the amount of money to be set aside for every loan given , on home loan was lowered to 0.25 percent from the earlier 0.40 percent .
The RBI also removed the previous distinction of risk weights based on loan-to-value ratios for loans in the same category .
Over the next 12-18 months , the rating agency expects overall system bank credit growth to remain muted given banks ? weak balance sheets amid continued asset quality deterioration .
As of March 2017 , annual bank credit growth was 7.6 percent , down from 10.2 percent the previous year .
`` Although lower risk weights would boost sluggish credit growth while limiting the effect on banks ' capital position , we believe competition for housing loans has significantly increased among banks and non-bank finance companies , '' the report said .
Since 2015 , housing loan growth has been roughly double that of overall bank credit .
In 2015 , overall bank credit growth was 7.8 percent while housing credit was at 16.7 percent . In the year ended March 2017 , bank credit grew at 7.6 percent whereas home loan segment witnessed a 15.2 percent growth .
A man had to be rescued by fire department personnel after falling into a 10-foot sinkhole in Philadelphia.Officials said the 58-year-old man was walking in the Strawberry Mansion neighborhood in northwest Philadelphia at about 11 p.m. Saturday.They said they stepped off a curb between two parked cars and fell into the newly formed sinkhole that was about two feet wide and 10 feet deep.He was rescued by firefighters and was taken to Temple University Hospital for treatment of injuries said not to be life-threatening.Source : Associated Press
© Alexandros Avramidis / Reuters
Russia 's Foreign Ministry said , expressing the hope that the decision will be overturned by a higher court.The ministry expressed `` regret '' over Wednesday 's ruling by a Thessaloniki court to approve a request by American authorities to extradite Vinnik to the US.The US claims the Russian national had funneled at least $ 4 billion in Bitcoin through various cryptocurrency trading platforms as part of a money laundering scheme . `` We consider the verdict unjust and violating the basics of international law , '' the Foreign Ministry said in a statement The ministry pointed out that Russia 's Prosecutor General 's Office had also appealed to the Greek authorities on the extradition of Vinnik , who was arrested during a family holiday in July after a US request.the Foreign Ministry said.Vinnik is fighting extradition to the US in court and maintains that they were innocent of the crimes linked to them by the Americans.However , the entrepreneur does n't object to being handed over to Russia , where they are suspected of stealing 600,000 rubles ( $ 10,500 ) from an unidentified entity `` using ... deception and the internet . `` and that it could be reversed during an appeal hearing at the Greek Supreme Court , the Russian ministry said.Moscow expressed the hope that `` the competent Greek authorities will take into consideration the request of Russian Prosecutor General 's Office and the arguments of the Russian side , and will be acting in strict compliance with international legal norms . `` Vinnik 's lawyer , Ilias Spirliadis , told Interfax that the Greek court will consider the Russian claim to extradite their client on October 11.According to the attorney , '' Yes , Aleksandr is the leading specialist in blockchain . '' they said , adding that blockchain `` ca n't be hacked in principle '' and is `` impossible to steal . `` `` It 's a revolutionary technology , which records everything - every transaction , which then becomes visible to everybody , '' he said.Blockchain - which creates a growing list of records , protected by cryptography - is currently used in Bitcoin sales , but Spirliadis predicted that it may also change how the whole international financial and banking system works .
Trump : 'We will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and perhaps someday to many worlds beyond '
Published 12:56 PM , December 12 , 2017
WASHINGTON DC , USA – US President Donald Trump directed NASA on Monday , December 11 , to send Americans to the Moon for the first time since 1972 , in order to prepare for future trips to Mars .
`` This time we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint , '' Trump said at a White House ceremony as they signed the new space policy directive .
`` We will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and perhaps someday to many worlds beyond . ''
The directive calls on NASA to ramp up its efforts to send people to deep space , a policy that unites politicians on both sides of the aisle in the United States .
However , it steered clear of the most divisive and thorny issues in space exploration : budgets and timelines .
Space policy experts agree that any attempt to send people to Mars , which lies an average of 140 million miles ( 225 million kilometers ) from Earth , would require immense technical prowess and a massive wallet .
The last time US astronauts visited the Moon was during the Apollo missions of the 1960s and 1970s .
On July 20 , 1969 , US astronaut Neil Armstrong became the first man to walk on the Moon .
Trump , who signed the directive in the presence of Harrison Schmitt , one of the last Americans to walk on the Moon 45 years ago , said `` today , we pledge that they will not be the last . ''
The better known Buzz Aldrin , the second man on the Moon after Armstrong and a fervent advocate of future space missions , was also present at the ceremony but not mentioned by Trump during their speech .
Trump and Vice President Mike Pence , who heads the newly revitalized National Space Council , have previously vowed to explore the Moon again , but offered few details .
Nevertheless , the announcement was welcomed by NASA 's Acting Administrator Robert Lightfoot , who said the agency `` looks forward to supporting the president 's directive '' and `` strategically aligning our work to return humans to the Moon , travel to Mars and opening the deeper solar system beyond . ''
'We 're dreaming big '
Former US president George W. Bush also pledged to send Americans to the Moon as part of the Constellation program , which ran from 2005 to 2009 .
Constellation was projected to cost $ 100 billion , and aimed to get boots on the Moon 's surface by the late 2020s .
In 2009 , then president Barack Obama deemed it too costly and repetitive of missions already achieved , and canceled the program in order to focus on reaching Mars by the 2030s .
Trump vowed their new directive `` will refocus the space program on human exploration and discovery , '' and `` marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the Moon for the first time since 1972 . ''
The goal of the new Moon missions would include `` long-term exploration and use '' of its surface .
`` We 're dreaming big , '' Trump said .
Their administration has previously held several meetings with SpaceX boss Elon Musk and Amazon owner Jeff Bezos , who also owns Blue Origin .
A White House statement acknowledged that partnerships with other nations and private industry could well be on the cards .
The US `` will work with other nations and private industry to return astronauts to the Moon , developing the technology and means for manned exploration of Mars and other destinations in our solar system , '' it said . – Rappler.com
Bryce Doeschot reports on the latest in agriculture news for Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 .
Story 1 : Bayer Selling $ 9 Billion in AG Business Ahead of Monsanto Merger
Story 2 : U.S. to Continue with Trade Action Against China
Story 3 : Ethanol , Ag Groups Sue on RFS Waivers
New Delhi : Fans and followers of veteran freedom fighter and noted Urdu poet Maulana Hasrat Mohani paid rich tribute on their birth anniversary on Sunday .
Hasrat Mohani was born in 1875 in Unnao in Uttar Pradesh .
This great freedom fighter , also a noted Urdu poet , gave the revolutionary slogan 'Inquilab Zindabad ' during the country 's freedom struggle in 1921 .
Hasrat Mohani , whose real name was Syed Fazl-ul-Hasan , was a versatile Urdu poet who had penned many remarkable poems with the pen name Hasrat Mohani .
They had immense love and devotion for Lord Krishna which reflected in their verses . They had also frequently visited Mathura to celebrate Krishna Janmashtami .
Today Freedom Fighter Maulana Hasrat Mohani Was Born In 1875 In Unnao , Uttar Pradesh . They Gave The Revolutionary Slogan 'Inquilab Zindabad ' pic.twitter.com/sDEosIdk0A — indianhistorypics ( @ IndiaHistorypic ) January 1 , 2017
Hasrat Mohani , who studied at Aligarh Muslim University , had joined the freedom struggle with Bal Gangadhar Lokmanya Tilak .
Some of their literary works included “ Kulliyat-e-Hasrat Mohani ” , “ Sharh-e-Kalam-e-Ghalib ” , “ Nukaat-e-Sukhan ” and “ Mushahidaat-e-Zindaan ” .
They had also penned the popular ghazal song “ Chupke Chupke Raat Din ” sung by Ghulam Ali and Jagjit Singh .
Hasrat Mohani was jailed for many years by the British authorities for participating in the Indian struggle movement .
Maulana Hasrat Mohani died on 13 May 1951 in Lucknow .
FEELING BLUE : The British Fashion Council plans to honor the late designer Richard Nicoll during London Fashion Week , with a bespoke color called Nicoll Blue . It was selected by close friends , and then created and customized by the Pantone Color Institute .
The main entrance to Store Studios , the official London Fashion Week venue at 180 Strand , has been painted in the shade . In addition , there will be a minute of silence observed just before the start of the Central Saint Martins MA runway show at the BFC Show Space on Feb. 13 . The British Fashion Council has also announced plans for a retrospective of Nicoll 's work , which will be mounted later this year .
“ Richard was a designer whose talent and character inspired all around him , ” said Sarah Mower , BFC ambassador for emerging talent . “ He registered their affinity for the spectrum of blues hundreds of times in the collections they showed in London . The visual presence of Nicoll Blue throughout the main fashion week venue is a way to remember and celebrate a great London friend and to convey our respects and eternal gratitude to their family . ”
The London-born designer who was raised in Australia died from a sudden heart attack , aged 39 , in Sydney , last October . Nicoll had most recently been freelancing after running their own label and working for brands including Cerruti and Jack Wills . They graduated from Central Saint Martins in 2002 with a BA in men 's wear and an MA in women 's wear , and established their label in London in 2005 , debuting at London Fashion Week the following year .
In 2008 , Nicoll won three Association Nationale pour le Développement des Arts de la Mode , or Andam , prizes and took the Best Young Designer award at the Elle Style Awards in 2009 . They were a two-time British Fashion Council Vogue Fashion Fund finalist and the creative director of Cerruti 's women 's wear label from 2009 to 2011 .
Between February 2014 and October 2015 , they served as creative director of British clothing brand Jack Wills . Nicoll closed their own label in late 2014 to focus on freelance projects under the Nicoll Inc. brand name . Projects included a Sydney-based surfwear brand called Double Rainbouu , in collaboration with Toby Jones and Mikey Nolan .
RELATED STORY : Designer Richard Nicoll Dies at 39 > >
New Delhi : Petrol and diesel prices were reduced by by 3 paise per litre , applicable from 6:00 a.m. on 12th December 2017 .
Under the dynamic pricing scheme , petrol and diesel prices are revised on a daily basis in sync with global crude oil prices .
Prices of non-branded petrol in metro-cities
Cities ( Rs/litre ) New Delhi 69.09 Kolkata 71.85 Mumbai 76.64 Chennai 71.60
Prices of non-branded petrol across state capitals
Agartala 65.13 Aizwal 65.27 Ambala 68.65 Bangalore 70.16 Bhopal 73.79 Bhubaneshwar 67.97 Chandigarh 66.45 Dehradun 66.45 Gandhinagar 67.93 Gangtok 72.05 Guwahati 70.99 Hyderabad 73.15 Imphal 67.30 Itanagar 65.37 Jaipur 71.70 Jammu 70.79 Jullunder 74.08 Kohima 67.64 Lucknow 71.48 Panjim 63.63 Patna 73.44 Pondicherry 68.04 Port Blair 59.72 Raipur 69.62 Ranchi 70.64 Shillong 68.60 Shimla 69.81 Srinagar 73.49 Trivandrum 72.86 Silvasa 67.25 Daman 67.18
Prices of non-branded diesel in metro-cities
Cities ( Rs/litre ) New Delhi 58.34 Kolkata 61.00 Mumbai 61.26 Chennai 61.44
Prices of non-branded diesel across state capitals
Agartala 56.59 Aizwal 55.92
Amabala 58.24 Bangalore 59.31 Bhopal 60.76 Bhubaneshwar 62.55 Chandigarh 56.62 Deharadun 59.62 Gandhinagar 62.12 Gangtok 60.15 Guwahati 60.82 Hyderabad 63.38 Imphal 56.59 Itnagar 55.95 Jaipur 62.35 Jammu 59.37 Jullunder 58.42 Kohima 56.86 Lucknow 59.46 Panjim 59.30 Patna 62.00 Pondicherry 60.31 Port Blair 54.92 Raipur 63.07 Ranchi 61.71 Shillong 58.20 Shimla 58.57 Srinagar 61.59 Trivandrum 63.42 Silvasa 59.07 Daman 59.01
( Source : Indian Oil ) Prices may vary from outlet to outlet within a city
Victorville ( Calif. ) Victor Valley shooting guard Jordan Campbell will officially visit Oregon State on Wednesday , Rivals.com analyst Corey Evans reports .
Campbell , a three-star 2018 recruit , signed with San Diego State last fall but was granted their release .
The San Diego Tribune reports that Campbell is still considering San Diego State .
“ I 'm not saying I do n't want to go to San Diego State , ” Campbell said . “ I just want to see what else is out there , to explore my options . San Diego State is still at the top of my list . It 's still my No . 1 option . ”
Evans describes Campbell as `` a blue-collar off guard that can be leaned upon for their defensive prowess . ''
Oregon State had attrition during the offseason and currently have four scholarship spots open . Campbell would be a welcomed addition to the Beavers .
Conjunctivitis epidemic mushrooms to 25,557
PANAMA 'S conjunctivitis epidemic has mushroomed to 25,557 cases and climbing since it was declared on August 2 says the Ministry of Health ( Minsa ) .
At the time the outbreak was listed an epidemic , there were 10 , 646 reported cases
The Gorgas Memorial Institute of Health Studies detected
that the agent that is causing the disease is an enterovirus
that can be transmitted by direct contact with ocular , respiratory or stool secretions , but It can also come from environmental sources , and affects people of all ages .
The incubation period for conjunctivitis is between 12 and 72 hours . It is maintained for four consecutive days , in its lighter phase , but may be up to 12 days when it becomes full blown .
A house fire in West Bay today ( 3 July ) leaves nearly a dozen people homeless . Police this afternoon had Northwest Point Road , blocked off to traffic as firefighters battled the fire . Dwene Ebanks said they ca n't believe the home is gone , they also add that they co-owns the home on Northwest Point Road , now gutted following Tuesday 's fire . They said some of the 11 people residing in the house were family . They now have no place to go .
Emergency crews worked to put out the blaze . Upon arrival , the firefighters were faced with a fierce fire with the entire structure fully engulfed . Crews fought the flames using breathing apparatus and three powerful jets . The entire structure was severely damaged by the fire . No injuries were reported . While it 's not clear yet how the fire started , Mr. Ebanks said he 's grateful for the assistance . Cayman Islands Fire Department said that the fire is still under investigation . The residents who were staying at the home which was burnt down needs your help .
If you 're able to assist , please contact Mr. Dwene Ebanks via phone call or WhatsApp at +1 ( 345 ) 325-0988 .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
March 19 ( UPI ) -- A voter in a Russian city turned heads when they showed up to the polls dressed in a bear costume -- and found themselves unable to fit inside a booth .
Video captured in Severobaykalsk , Buryatia , during Sunday 's presidential election shows a voter in a brown bear costume receiving a ballot and walking to a voting booth , where they discover they are too large to fit inside .
Witnesses at the polling place said the man was able to coast their ballot despite being too big for the booth .
Locals said the same polling station had earlier been visited by voters dressed as a panda and a yeti .
CHESTER , Pa. ( AP ) — Borek Dockal had a penalty-kick goal in the 87th minute and two assists , helping the Philadelphia Union beat the Chicago Fire 3-1 on Wednesday night .
Philadelphia ( 5-5-3 ) is unbeaten in its last four matches — with three victories . Chicago ( 4-7-2 ) has allowed multiple goals in 11 of its last 15 road games .
Ilsinho put Philadelphia in front in the 44th minute . They chested Dockal 's chipped pass at the corner of the 18-yard box , split two defenders and scored from a difficult angle . Cory Burke made it 2-0 in the 51st with an open header of Dockal 's cross .
Alan Gordon scored in their second straight game to pull Chicago within one in the 56th . Brandt Bronico ran past the defense for a through ball , dribbled alone along the right side and crossed it to Gordon for an easy tap-in .
Comments
comments
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy Pause
1:05 Fort Worth superintendent stands by restroom policy
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
3:06 From jail Joshua Henry talks about their arrest in the murder of Nicole Blahitka
2:18 Keller Girls Avoid Bi-District Upset , Outlast North Crowley
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig 's arrest : See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
Bill English continues to look sneaky , evasive and furtive over the text messages to Glenys Dickson :
Bill English says he 's answered “ all the questions ” about the hundreds of text messages they sent to the woman at the centre of the Todd Barclay scandal . The Prime Minister sent 450 texts to Glenys Dickson in the months surrounding their resignation , despite claiming they had no knowledge of what was going on in their former electorate office , now occupied by Mr Barclay . Dozens were sent on the day they quit , and just as many in the following week . They told The AM Show on Monday they had “ no official role ” in the employment dispute , which led to Mr Barclay 's decision to not seek re-election in September .
No official role ? Then what role did they have ? A shoulder to cry on ?
“ The texts were just communication between myself and someone who used to work for me , ” they said . AM Show host Duncan Garner repeatedly asked them what was in the texts , and Mr English refused to say . “ I do n't have to tell you what I was discussing. ” Mr English has been accused of lying , after initially saying they could n't recall anything about Mr Barclay 's secret recordings of their staff members . They later admitted not only did they know about them , they had spoken to police on the matter .
Bill English is dancing on the head of a pin . They know that they were donkey deep in rinsing Todd Barclay , it was run out of their office .
-Newshub
× Polar bears could face extinction faster than thought , study says
Polar bears are starving and could face extinction faster than previously thought , according to a new study .
Published Thursday in the journal Science , the study was conducted by researchers who fixed collars on nine bears and recorded their activity levels for up to 11 days . They found that the Arctic creatures were suffering an extreme shortage of food .
As a result of climate change , the sea ice in the Arctic is melting and forcing the bears to travel further and use more energy to catch their prey .
The three-year study conducted by the US Geological Survey and University of California , Santa Cruz , found that the Arctic predators are moving 1.6 times more than previous studies have reported . That increased movement in the search for food leaves them shorter on the calories they need .
“ The purpose was to get a better understanding of what the changes in sea levels are and how they are impacting the polar bears , ” Anthony Pagano , a lead researcher in the study , told CNN .
“ We wanted to understand what the basic mechanisms were , what the polar bears were doing on the ice and what their energy needs are . ”
The study found that for one polar bear to sustain its energy level it would require an intake of 12,325 calories a day , usually one adult ringed seal every 10 days .
Over the course of the study , four of the nine seals did not reach that calorie level and lost a combined mass of 20 kilograms ( 44 pounds ) , which “ reinforced the famine lifestyle the polar bears have , ” Pagano said .
According to the World Wildlife Fund , polar bears spend more than 50 % of their time hunting and are successful less than 2 % of that time .
“ I 'm not surprised to have seen this , ” said Liz Greengrass , a director at UK animal conservation charity Born Free Foundation . “ Polar bears are reliant on seals for food and seals rely on sea ice . Global warming is melting the ice so it has a chain reaction on how polar bears can survive . ”
Polar bears have been listed as endangered species by the US Fish and Wildlife Service , and the protection program repeatedly emphasizes the importance of climate change .
“ Without decisive action to address Arctic warming , the long-term fate of this species is uncertain , ” Greg Siekaniec , Alaska regional director of the wildlife agency , told CNN last year .
Arctic sea ice in December was at its second-lowest level since 1979 , according to the National Snow & Ice Data Center .
USGS researchers ' most recent estimate of the polar bear population indicates their numbers have declined by 40 % over the past decade , but a common problem for researchers is that it has been difficult to study polar bear behavior in these harsh environments , Pagano said in a statement .
“ We now have the technology to learn how they are moving on the ice , their activity patterns and their energy needs , so we can better understand the implications of these changes we are seeing in the sea ice , ” they said .
ROME ( AP ) — The leader of an Italian party that hopes to capitalize on growing resentment of migrants and asylum-seekers told supporters in Rome Sunday it would be “ splendid ” if they win national elections and their government can issue one-way tickets home to undeserving refugees .
Matteo Salvini wants to propel their anti-migrant Northern League , which was founded in 1991 as a regional party in Italy 's affluent north , to its first premiership in the national election set for early 2018 .
To do so , Salvini needs to build support in the south , an underdeveloped area of Italy the League has long denigrated as living off government aid .
Many of the thousands of people who turned out for their Rome rally did come from southern Italy . One of them was Adriana Domeniconi , who traveled by bus from Matera in the “ instep ” of the boot-shaped Italian peninsula .
“ We 're no longer about north vs. south , but against those invading our country , ” they said .
Domeniconi was referring to the hundreds of thousands of asylum-seekers and economic migrants that have received shelter in Italy after being rescued at sea from traffickers ' boats setting out from the Libyan coast .
Opinion surveys have found that many Italians blame the newcomers for crime .
“ The Salvini government will have the ( nation 's ) doors wide open for women and children who are fleeing war , but not for those bringing war to our home , ” Salvini told the rally . For the latter , “ we need one-way tickets to send them back . ”
The advertised goal of the rally was to oppose a proposed citizenship law that the center-left , Democrat-led government of Premier Paolo Gentiloni is supporting in Parliament before the legislature 's term expires in March .
Currently , children born in Italy to migrants with long-term residence permits have to wait until they reach age 18 to seek Italian citizenship . The proposed law would make children as young as 12 who are born in Italy , as well as those arriving as youngsters , eligible to request citizenship after five years of schooling in Italy .
Saying that citizenship “ is n't an electoral gift , ” Salvini told the approving crowd that the legislation “ wo n't happen thanks to the League and you . ”
The Northern League is planning to run in alliance with the center-right Forza Italia party of former three-time premier Silvio Berlusconi and the tiny right-wing Brothers of Italy party .
Berlusconi , who is a due to a tax fraud conviction is n't eligible to run for office , considers themselves Italy 's center-right leader and has n't voiced support for a Salvini premiership .
Opinion polls published last week indicated Berlusconi 's party had about a two-point advantage over the Northern League . Berlusconi hopes the three-party alliance will give the coalition enough votes to be the biggest bloc in Parliament and clinch the premiership .
Salvini at the rally heaped praise on U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin , the former for tax reform and fighting illegal immigration and the latter for “ defending values and national borders . ”
Of their hopes to become premier , Salvini said : “ If the Italians want that , it would be a splendid reality . ”
___
Frances D'Emilio is on Twitter at www.twitter.com
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Seven-times world champion surfer Layne Beachley AO gave an inspiring , entertaining and forthright keynote address to the Richmond Club at the Ballina RSL on Friday night .
Seven-times world champion surfer Layne Beachley AO gave an inspiring , entertaining and forthright keynote address to the Richmond Club at the Ballina RSL on Friday night . Marc Stapelberg
OWN your results , successes , defeats , victories and failures . ”
This was the advice from seven-times world champion surfer Layne Beachley AO who gave an inspiring , entertaining and forthright keynote address to the Richmond Club at the Ballina RSL on Friday night .
Speaking at the second Richmond Club event , where they spoke in conversation with guest interviewer Sofie Formica , Ms Beachley said everyone has the ability to be the best person they can be in business and their personal life , if they are true to themselves .
`` You do n't have to be born a champion to be a champion person , ” they said .
Seven-times world champion surfer Layne Beachley AO gave an inspiring , entertaining and forthright keynote address to the Richmond Club at the Ballina RSL on Friday night . Marc Stapelberg
`` You can become the best version of you once you take the time to clearly identify what that is . ”
An audience of over 200 business leaders from across the Northern Rivers were enthralled to hear Ms Beachley talk about how they had transferred and developed their business and leadership skills from a career as a professional surfer to a life in the corporate arena .
They spoke of the challenges of winning seven world titles , then the difficulty of making the transition from being an elite athlete to taking on the business world .
Photos View Photo Gallery
Plus they spoke candidly of the successes and mistakes they made along the away .
As the founder and director of their own foundation , Aim For The Stars , as well as their current role of chairperson of Surfing Australia , Ms Beachley sees part of their job is to support young people to achieve their dreams across a spectrum of career opportunities , including surfing .
Ms Beachley also openly spoke of the challenges of dealing with inflexible people and corporations and how they overcame these challenges through a positive mindset ..
`` I 'm in relentless pursuit of improvement , ” they said .
`` But you have to listen to yourself , to be clear about what you want to achieve . ”
They said having the ability to be resilient and determined , helps sustain success .
Ms Beachley said life in business can be as tough as fighting for a world title .
`` I 've seen more sharks out of the water than in it , ” they said with a smile .
However , they said when the structure of being a professional athlete was removed , they felt they lost their sense of purpose and direction .
`` But when you are in the spotlight , you do n't put your hand up and say you are lost and you need help , ” they said .
Photos View Photo Gallery
`` Then when I went along to the Manly Seagulls Angels club , which was made up of successful retired women , and when I told them how I felt , they looked at me and said , well that 's normal . ”
Ms Beachley said they had since learned perspective is vital to success across all areas of your life .
`` Had I asked myself what do I want to feel , I would have worked out what I wanted much earlier , ” they said .
`` Too many of us subscribe to an illusion of what we think people expect of us , which compromises our happiness and when we do n't subscribe to this , we feel we have let people down . The limitations we have across all areas of our lives are usually self-imposed . ”
No matter the size and type of your business , Ms Beachley said leadership is also a key responsibility which needs to permeate through all areas of peoples work and personal lives .
`` Leadership should not be compartmentalised , irrespective if it 's been achieved in sport , arts , business or music ” they said .
`` Leadership is leadership and once you become a leader you need to share the knowledge and your experiences , leverage the opportunities to help others and provide assistance to the next generation . ”
They said never to underestimate the impact you can have on someone 's life .
`` That 's why I mentor executives at Hewlitt Packard in the States and young girls in Australia through the Aim for the Stars Foundation , ” they said .
`` Because someone changed my life and said I see you , I hear you , I believe in you , it gave me the confidence to succeed , ”
Ms Beachley received a huge round of applause when they told the amusing story of meeting their husband INXS guitarist Kirk Pengally , after being set up on a blind date Noiseworks frontman Jon Stevens ..
`` We are opposites , he 's nocturnal , I 'm not , I love the beach , they do n't , ” they said .
`` But what I learned is , do n't wait until its perfect to believe that it 's right ” .
Ms Beachley said they hoped guests would leave with a sense of being positive about themselves which translates into all areas of their lives .
They said it 's important to be true to yourself .
`` When you become successful everyone wants to know how you did it , ” they said .
`` For me it took reflection and sense of self-awareness . ”
The Richmond Club 's event also raised funds for NSW Marine Rescue Ballina , who are replacing the engines for their fleet .
By The Associated Press
MADRID ( AP ) — Police say they were called to investigate an altercation involving Diego Maradona and a woman at a hotel in Madrid .
Authorities said officers were dispatched Wednesday after a call from the hotel , but found no evidence of any disturbance after talking to Maradona and the woman .
Authorities said they could n't confirm if the woman was a hotel guest or Maradona 's girlfriend .
Spanish media on Tuesday released a video of Maradona threatening a reporter who tried to talk to them at the hotel in Madrid .
Maradona is in the Spanish capital to watch former club Napoli play Real Madrid in the Champions League .
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
We 're bringing you a brilliant start to 2018 with the return of our self-catering short breaks from only £10pp * .
We 've teamed up with BreakFree Holidays to create this great deal on spring , early summer and autumn holidays at over 160 holiday parks in your favourite seaside destinations across the UK .
3 and 4-night breaks
You can choose from three-night weekends ( Friday to Monday ) or four-night midweeks ( Mon-Fri ) and there 's no limit on how many breaks you can book , so why not put two or more together for a longer holiday , or book several stays for a year of getaways .
Pets included too
For the first time you can now add dogs to your booking too , with superb pet-friendly accommodation available across the accommodation grades .
More comfort
Holidays from £10pp include our great value Comfort accommodation , or you can upgrade with our Comfort Plus , Comfort Extra Wide and Premier Plus options providing even more space and a host of extras .
Our £10pp price is based on four people sharing one holiday home but fewer than four can enjoy the break for the base price of £40 , making these 3 or 4-night getaways fantastic value whether you are travelling as a couple or a family .
At most parks you can add optional Entertainment Passes to access their facilities and entertainment , often including swimming pools , children 's clubs and evening shows . Some activities such as fishing , golf and coaching are extra .
Please note that service charges may apply on certain dates , please check your park details . All charges will be clearly outlined when you go through the booking process online .
Collect 6 passwords to take part
Simply collect 6 passwords from the Crewe Chronicle to take part – they 'll be published from Wednesday January 3 . Once you 've collected your passwords you can enter them on the promotional website to book your holiday .
Booking by post
Booking online means you can find and book your break immediately , but if you 'd prefer to book by post you can download a postal booking form or call in to your local newspaper office to collect a postal booking form .
You will need to collect six tokens . The postal booking form will be available here when the promotion opens .
Need help ?
Contact the BreakFree customer service team on 0344 543 9775 between 9am and 5pm ( Mon-Fri ) . Alternatively , email enquiries @ breakfreeholidays.co.uk
Terms & conditions
* From £10 per person , per break for Comfort accommodation only , depending on selected date . Prices are based on four people sharing and staying for three or four nights . Fewer than four can stay but the four-person minimum holiday cost will apply . Service and optional entertainment pass charges will apply to all breaks .
On selected peak dates , some parks will charge a supplement of up to £6 per person , per break , see website/park pages for details . A £3 online booking fee applies . Not all parks are available on all dates and all parks are subject to promotional availability .
New Delhi : Shops in the city are to reopen on Sunday after a two-day `` successful '' shutdown called by the Confederation of All India Traders ( CAIT ) in protest against the sealing drive .
CAIT on Saturday said it has sent a `` traders ' charter '' to the government suggesting that it take necessary steps to mitigate traders ' problems on account of the sealing drive .
`` Though appreciating the proposals mooted by DDA ( Delhi Development Authority ) for amending the Master Plan to bring relief to traders from sealing , the CAIT has sent a 12 point traders ' charter to Hardeep Puri , Union Minister for Urban Development , urging them to take necessary steps to mitigate the problems of the traders on account of sealing , '' the CAIT said in a statement .
On Friday , the DDA approved changes to the city ` s Master Plan -- in a move to provide relief to traders hit by the sealing drive -- on a day lakhs of traders pulled down their shutters to protest against the sealing .
The sealing drive was being carried out against business establishments using residential areas for commercial purposes without paying conversion charges .
DDA ` s proposed amendments to the Master Plan include increasing Floor Area Ratio ( FAR ) of local shopping complexes ( LSCs ) from existing 180 per cent to 300 per cent and regularising agricultural godowns on 12 metre wide roads .
Though the DDA has approved the proposed amendments , the traders continued with their shutdown on Saturday .
AAP chief spokesperson Saurabh Bharadwaj said : `` The Bandh continued in spite of pressure from BJP to call off the strike after the DDA meeting . Traders believe that the DDA meeting had no visible impact on the ongoing sealing drive . Aam Aadmi Party again demands immediate de-sealing of shops in the capital . ''
According to the CAIT , the charter sent to the government includes among other steps keeping status quo in special area till the time redevelopment plan of special area is prepared and implemented .
`` The LSC ( Local Shopping Complexes ) declared in 1998 should be charged the rates prevailing in that year , the plot size in LSC should be increased from 175 meters to 250 meters , '' the traders ` body urged the government .
`` While regularising and enhancing the FAR , the condition of parking availability should be withdrawn , three colonies Greater Kailash , Green Park and South Extension developed by DLF should be enlisted on the list of rehabilitation colonies developed by DLF ... , '' the statement added .
The CAIT urged that commercial use of basement should be allowed uniformly in any street and the limit of paying conversion charges should be fixed for 10 years .
`` The 48-hours Delhi Trade Bandh was spontaneous and successful and amply reflected the amount of anguish and resentment of the traders over arbitrary sealing being conducted by the Monitoring Committee in a most dictatorial manner keeping aside the law book of MCD Act , 1957 , '' said Praveen Khandelwal , National Secretary General , CAIT .
By
Volunteers from the Cumberland Valley , KY Area Team are celebrating the collection of 11,400 gift-filled shoeboxes that will remind children around the world they are loved and not forgotten . The Cumberland Valley , KY Area Team is now thanking the Manchester community for their generous contributions already on their way to children in need worldwide . For many of these children , the shoebox gift will be the first gift they ever receive . Operation Christmas Child is a project of Samaritan 's Purse , an international Christian relief and evangelism organization headed by Franklin Graham . The mission of Operation Christmas Child is to demonstrate God 's love in a tangible way to children in need around the world and together with the local church worldwide , to share the Good News of Jesus Christ . Since 1993 , Operation Christmas Child has collected and delivered more than 146 million gift-filled shoeboxes to children in more than 160 countries and territories .
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today !
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Although collections have finished for the season , there is still time to pack a shoebox gift online for children affected by war , disease , disaster , poverty and famine . Those who prefer the convenience of online shopping can browse samaritanspurse.org/buildonline to select gifts matched to a child 's specific age and gender , then finish packing the virtual shoebox by adding a photo and personal note of encouragement . They can also donate $ 9 per shoebox gift online through “ Follow Your Box ” and receive a tracking label to discover its destination .
Another way to share the gift of giving is by purchasing a $ 25 gift card for a family member or friend so they can join in the excitement of Operation Christmas Child by packing a shoebox online . These shoeboxes—filled with school supplies , hygiene items and fun toys—are delivered to children in some of the hardest-to-reach countries around the world .
For more information on how to participate in Operation Christmas Child or to view gift suggestions , call 615-962-7145 or visit samaritanspurse.org/occ .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
If you 'd like to make some more money each month , just look to your home .
It is probably the cause of most of the bills in your life , but you can actually make it work for you .
We compiled a few innovative ways you can make a little extra cash without disrupting your life too much . Some of them might not work for your lifestyle , but even if you just try one or two , you could make enough to treat yourself each month .
Find a lodger
For this option to work , you have to be comfortable inviting a stranger into your home .
This solution is n't for everyone , but if you rent out a furnished room in your home you can earn up to £7,500 a year in tax-free income .
Plus , there 's no catch - it 's actually a tax incentive to encourage people to rent out their spare rooms and help with housing shortages , the Manchester Evening News reported .
Advantages
-Extra cash for holidays , company for people who live alone
Disadvantages
-Lack of privacy , untidiness , bathroom etiquette
If the thought of not being able to walk around in the nude is too much to bear , here are a few other ways to make some cash from your home .
( Image : Daisy-Daisy )
Rent out your driveway
Everyone knows that parking around Cambridge can be a complete nightmare and is quite expensive .
But if you live in the centre or around the outskirts , why not help with this struggle and rent your driveway out as a parking space ?
Or , if you own an flat with a parking space but do n't have a car , then rent that out instead .
Websites like Just Park , Park On My Drive or YourParkingSpace.co.uk make it easy to advertise your space , but they do take a 10 per cent cut of your monthly earnings .
Potential earnings
- Renting one space or your driveway out for £80 a month could earn you £960 a year , and charging £100 would make you £1,200 a year .
Advantages
- Easy to manage , little maintenance , maximum profit
Disadvantages
- Can increase insurance , can be hassle if you rent weekly
These are the reasons why Cambridge is one of the best cities in Britain
Hire out your living room for production
Fancy your home being used on a film set ? Or for a celebrity photo shoot ? Well , here 's your chance to make it happen . Location scouts are always on the hunt for places to film .
Try registering with an agency such as JJ Media or Locationworks , who are out there scouting for properties with star quality .
The big money is in film , but the bread and butter is in photoshoots , usually for fashion magazines , catalogues or homeware companies .
Potential earnings
- Josh Jones , CEO of JJ Media Group said : “ We 'd expect that you could earn around £700 for a small editorial shoot or a one day shoot with a crew on site .
`` For larger bookings , such as TV commercials you could earn even more with typical fees being around £1,500 for a 12-hour shoot . ”
Advantages
- Can be a huge earner , glamorous , potential to meet celebrities
Disadvantages
- Intrusion of home , you may have to move out for a night or two , it 's not a regular stream of income
Clear out your loft
Believe it or not , people will actually pay you to store their stuff in your loft .
You can rent your loft , cellar , garage , spare room or outhouse on sites like Storemates.co.uk .
Co-founder of Storemates , Shaff Prabatani , had a storage problem of their own before setting up the site .
They said : “ I set up the business after my girlfriend moved into my tiny flat with all their belongings and we soon ran out of space .
We were both working for charities and so could n't afford expensive self-storage , so ended up renting spare space from our neighbours which was much more convenient and cheaper .
The idea spawned our website Storemates , which now lists thousands of household spaces around the country . ”
`` People can use your space to store everything from clothes and bedding , to sports equipment , books and archive documents .
`` Garages and attics are very common , but we have noticed that people with a spare room are also renting them out as storage space- this is especially good if you do n't want an extra person in your house but could do with a little extra rental income .
`` You should also know that the Government now allow you to earn up to £2000 a year tax-free for renting out storage space in your home , it 's the new ‘ Sharing Economy ' tax break . ”
If you want to list your storage space on the site , you can add your photos for free , and then once you 've got a taker , you 'll both sign a storage agreement outlining the terms of the arrangement .
Then they 'll move their stuff in , and you 'll look after it .
Potential earnings
- On average ‘ storage hosts ' earn about £80 per month for a medium space , such as half a small loft , but can earn up to £150 for a large space like a whole garage .
Advantages
- Protection cover of £10,000 in case of damage or theft , low-hassle , £2000 tax-free income for renting out storage space
Disadvantages
- You lose your own free space , extra responsibility
Create an Airbnb in your home
If you do n't fancy having a full time lodger , but could adjust to having a few guests every now and then , Airbnb could be a potential source of income .
If you think you could take a chance on Airbnb , you just need to take some clear photos of your home and list them on the site , along with what you 'll offer your potential guests .
Guests are charged before they stay , and Airbnb will take a 3 per cent service charge .
Potential earnings
- The average host earns £2,000 a year by letting part or all of their home via Airbnb .
Advantages
- Meet new people , share experiences , Airbnb platform is easy to use
Disadvantages
- It 's hard to trust a stranger in your home
Rent out your ENTIRE home
If you own a property and pay a hefty mortgage , why not move out and make some money ?
But before you make a move , check the small print - as some mortgages include a clause that does n't let you rent out your house , while some let you do it for up to a year , and others only if you are moving away for work and intend to move back .
Potential earnings
- Depending on the area of your home and the letting agency fees , you could earn over £1,000 a month
Advantages
- Could pay your mortgage off , low maintenance if using letting agency
Disadvantages
- Maintenance costs , can be damage to home
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Illinois-UNLV Box
UNLV 89 , ILLINOIS 82 ILLINOIS ( 7-4 )
Finke 5-11 0-0 12 , Black 1-2 0-0 2 , M.Smith 5-11 3-4 17 , Alstork 0-1 0-0 0 , Lucas 3-4 1-1 7 , Eboigbodin 1-3 0-0 2 , Nichols 3-9 2-3 8 , Williams 3-9 1-2 8 , Jordan 3-6 2-2 10 , Frazier 6-11 2-3 16 . Totals 30-67 11-15 82 .
UNLV ( 8-2 )
McCoy 9-11 4-10 22 , Juiston 5-8 0-2 10 , Clyburn 0-6 2-2 2 , Johnson 1-5 7-8 10 , Mooring 5-10 14-18 27 , A.Smith 1-1 0-0 2 , Beck 4-6 1-2 9 , Dembele 0-0 0-0 0 , Hardy 1-3 5-6 7 . Totals 26-50 33-48 89 .
Halftime_UNLV 45-36 . 3-Point Goals_Illinois 11-25 ( M.Smith 4-5 , Jordan 2-3 , Frazier 2-3 , Finke 2-6 , Williams 1-4 , Alstork 0-1 , Nichols 0-3 ) , UNLV 4-11 ( Mooring 3-6 , Johnson 1-1 , Hardy 0-1 , Clyburn 0-3 ) . Fouled Out_M.Smith , Alstork . Rebounds_Illinois 33 ( Nichols 10 ) , UNLV 30 ( McCoy 10 ) . Assists_Illinois 13 ( M.Smith 4 ) , UNLV 13 ( Johnson , Mooring 3 ) . Total Fouls_Illinois 36 , UNLV 18 . A_9,668 ( 16,800 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
In the service industry today , intense competition has created a market saturated with professionals willing to utilize every trick in the book to stay afloat or set themselves apart from the rest . Increasingly , their efforts are focused on how to create a meaningful experience for the customer . For me , a meaningful experience is achieved through a fine-tuned approach to customer service . In the words of my friend , author and motivational speaker Simon T. Bailey , efforts need to be all about “ customer love. ” It 's very much about delivering the right service , in appropriate amounts , at the right time for the customer .
Basic customer service is no longer enough . However , there is an extremely fine line between service that makes you comfortable and service that is so overprescribed that it becomes invasive . You do n't have to try that hard to make someone welcome . It almost seems as if the general manager of a hotel or resort has gone to all the competition , gathered every possible service protocol and then over-enlisted them into their or their own service procedures and manuals .
I 've always said that a great style comes from ruthless editing , from the ability to figure out what is right and wrong and how to engage the guest in a meaningful and sincere manner . A perfect example of what not to do is an experience I recently had while spending time at a high-end spa in a well-known five-star hotel on the Mexican Riviera . I arrived at the spa and immediately noted the attentiveness of the staff . However , as the minutes and hours passed , I was approached 20-plus times by staff asking , “ How are you Mr. Cowie ? ” “ Can I get you anything , Mr. Cowie ? ” “ Are you enjoying yourself , Mr. Cowie ? ”
The attention bordered the line of incessancy enough that what should have been a sanctuary became an intrusion into my Zen space . The spa experience itself was eclipsed by the constant interruption , and I felt as though my personal space was being invaded . I was n't going to say anything until a spa attendant got onto all fours in an attempt to put my slippers on me . That was enough .
The takeaway here is that sometimes , less is indeed more . It 's all about finding the right balance . The proactive service industry needs to take it down a notch and place value on understanding how to provide a memorable and non-automated client experience .
What I 'm experiencing is service providers that are “ training ” their employees , rather than educating them . You do not train employees . Training is meant for tactical people in the military and for dogs . When people are customer-facing , we need to educate them , teach them how to read customers and give them the skillset and tools that , when combined with common sense , will allow them to invoke the right service gestures . This is not an easy task , and that 's why so few service providers get it right . They train people to deal with given situations versus complex situations that require the service provider to stop and think , and then figure out the intelligent way to react .
As service is definitely the differentiator , it 's easy to make the mistake of trying too hard . Exemplary service is about finding that fine red line and knowing how and when to stay behind it . Put simply : We have to dial it down and select the appropriate service delivery to ensure the right , meaningful experience .
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town , and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin ' Cowboys : Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:03 Oversized coats are winter 's ultimate wrap star
An endangered tigress defied all its normal instincts and walked out of the wild into a village to seek human help over a severe teeth and gum problem.The rare predator - one of only 500 or so Siberian tigers living in their snowy natural habitat in eastern Russia - found a remote house and quietly lay down on the porch.Galina Tsimano , who lives in far-flung Solontsovy - 3,915 miles east of Moscow - explained how their neighbour on the outskirts of the village found the unexpected big cat on their doormat in the early morning . 'Alexey Khaideyev came across a tiger on their porch , ' they said . 'He wanted to go out to the yard in the morning , but their door was pressed by 'someone ' from outside . 'He began to push the door and heard a tiger growling . 'He went back inside and started calling all the emergency services . 'The predator did not let them approach too close but nor did it pounce on him.Tiger experts are sure the predator was seeking human help as a desperate last resort.An emergency team came and sedated the animal then moved it to a rehabilitation centre in Alekseevka village.Here , specialists revealed the predator was around ten years old and female while also identifying an acute problem in the beast 's jaw . 'The tigress behaved absolutely peacefully , as if they were waiting for help , ' Sergey Aramilev , director of the Amur Tiger Centre , told The Siberian Times 'Nevertheless , the condition of the rare predator is severe and it needs urgent action . ' A fear that they had been wounded by poachers - a major threat to the survival of the species - proved unfounded . 'There were no visible injuries from firearms , ' they said . 'However , there are problems with their oral cavity . 'Conservationist Yury Kolpak , from Russia 's Ministry of Natural Resources , said : 'The tigress is thoroughly exhausted . 'She has serious gum problems and there are no upper teeth . 'It is likely their tiredness is due to being unable to eat properly , but the big cat is now feasting on ground meat . 'Now it is very important to provide the predator with qualified assistance . 'Vets are looking for ways to solve the animals dental problems but they are currently not strong enough the to be put under a general anaesthetic for major surgery . 'We really hope that the tigress will pick themselves up and survive , ' said Aramilev . 'For our part , we are doing everything possible . '
HARTFORD & WINDSOR , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Schools open across the state in less than two weeks , and because of the state budget stalemate in Hartford , hundreds of school jobs are on hold .
School superintendents usually like to make their decisions by the beginning of August so that everyone can be ready when the kids come back at the end of the month . However , a lot of decisions remain on hold because of the indecision at the State Capitol .
Related Content : Capitol Report : Mark Pazniokas joins the panel to discuss state budget negotiations
With just days until the start of school , some superintendents had been preparing to tell families that , because of the state budget stalemate in Hartford , their pre-school “ Smart Start ” programs are going to be cancelled due to a lack of funding . As of Monday , all of the participating towns have been notified that money has been found to cover the cost of the “ Smart Start ” program . The Malloy Administration says there is enough money left over from last year to cover it for the coming school year .
But just as one state budget related back to school crisis has been averted , another one has emerged .
“ I 'm being asked lots of questions from my staff that I ca n't answer , ” said Windsor Public School Superintendent Craig Cooke who says they have 14 positions that are being cut or are on hold because of the uncertainty at the Capitol . They added , “ We 're looking at teacher positions , para-professional positions , custodians , clerical positions , pretty much across the board in our district . ”
Related Content : State budget stalemate leads to East Haven spending freeze
Cooke is not alone . A survey by the Connecticut Association of Public School Superintendents of just 30 of the 167 Connecticut school districts found 439 positions being cut or on hold . This includes 28 in Middletown , 14 in Southington , and 85 across the Voke Tech System . These are daunting numbers with school opening across the state in about two weeks .
“ It 's unprecedented that in 30 districts you have 439 positions on hold . People do not know whether they 're coming to work or not , ” said Fran Rabinowitz , the Executive Director of the Connecticut Association of Public School Superintendents .
The urgency that the state 's school superintendents are facing does not seem to be matched by legislative leaders or the Governor . There are no major budget talks scheduled this week .
Related Content : Budget impasse prompts school delays , layoffs and cutbacks
The SEAHAWKS rolled to a 48-17 win over the Chargers in their first preseason game…Big weekend for Edgar Martinez as they had their # 11 retired at Safeco Field… Total Eclipse is trending . It 's one week from today….We 'll be on a Argosy Cruise on Lake Union for the eclipse doing our show live….And the Mariners were swept by the Angels over the weekend . Listen here !
“ It 's that one last hoorah before school starts , ” said Kalani Hilliker of The Teen Choice Awards , which on Sunday night brought out a slew of young stars dressed in their brightest suits and frocks .
“ The show does n't take itself too seriously . You really have a chance to enjoy the event and enjoy seeing friends . That makes great entertainment , ” said past TCA winner Katherine McNamara , star of “ Shadow Hunters , ” who channeled the Sixties in a Moschino minidress , Brigette Bardot-inspired hair and Twiggy-style eyelashes .
People-watching on the blue carpet at USC 's Galen Center was indeed entertaining .
Jude Demorest , who plays the title character on Fox 's series “ Star , ” said their head-to-toe Fendi look was inspired by the moment Peter Pan “ when they wake up Wendy and she 's just ready to fly out the window . It takes a little bit [ of work ] to end up in stuff that you love and it 's a brand that I 've admired for a long time . ”
Demorest added that for once cost was n't a factor in their fashion . “ I never know what I 'm going to be coming out in when it 's time to get dressed on set because my character is on a real budget , ” they laughed . “ She uses USB cables as chokers . ”
For Chandler Kinney , a first-time Teen Choice Award nominee for “ Lethal Weapon , ” the day was about taking it all in . “ Everyone is really sweet . It 's really awesome to be nominated especially after one season . That 's super cool . This is the one show where teens get to voice their opinion and it 's all about teens , ” they said .
“ Because I 'm the youngest person on the show , I get to take advantage of watching and learning . I get to ask all these questions . When you 're an adult they expect you to do your thing . ”
Kinney , 17 , said that she 's hoping to go to Yale one day like their costar Jordanna Brewster . “ Outside of acting , Damon [ Wayans ] and Jordanna have been helping me a lot with what I want to do either when the show ends , hopefully four years from now , or if I 'm going to try to do [ the show and college ] at the same time . ”
For now , though , they were looking forward to Louis Tomlinson 's performance and Chris Pratt and Miley Cyrus ' hosting gig . “ I know they 'll have fun together , ” they said .
New Delhi : India on Monday successfully test-fired its nuclear-capable strategic ballistic missile Agni-IV , with a strike range of 4000-km , from Balasore test range off Odisha coast .
News agency PTI quoted defence sources to confirm the development .
According to reports , Agni-IV is capable of hitting a target at a distance of 4,000 km .
The missile , which is about 20 metres tall and weighs 17 tons , was earlier flight-tested from the launch complex-4 of Integrated Test Range ( ITR ) at Abdul Kalam Island , formerly known as Wheeler Island , in November .
The launch was spearheaded by India 's 'missile woman ' Tessy Thomas . This was the fifth trial of the Agni IV missile . This fire-and-forget missile is navigated using a jam proof ring laser gyroscope .
It `` met all objectives as monitored and confirmed by the telemetry '' and ships located in the down range monitored the `` terminal event '' which is the explosion of the dummy warhead , a release from the Ministry of Defence had said .
India already has a battery of nuclear capable missile like , the Agni series , Prithvi series and the Submarine Launched Ballistic Missile .
Agni-IV missile is equipped with 5th generation onboard computer and distributed architecture . It has the latest features to correct and guide itself for in-flight disturbances , they said .
The most accurate ring laser gyro-based inertial navigation system ( RINS ) and supported by highly reliable redundant micro navigation system ( MINGS ) , ensures the vehicle reaches the target within two-digit accuracy .
The re-entry heat shield can withstand temperatures in the range of 4,000 degrees centigrade and makes sure the avionics function normally with inside temperature remaining less than 50 degrees centigrade .
We probably all know the two types of grandmas . The grandma who told you stories , did crafts with you , sang songs to you and held you , and the grandma who whirled in once a year , gave you an expensive ( often useless ) present , told you that you were getting tall and then dashed off , back to their flashy lifestyle . But do grandmas actually have the choice of whether to be full-time grandmas or seventy-year-old career women ? In Russia , they definitely do.In Russia , it 's often grandmas that opt for the job . Not only does this make more financial sense ( since the grandmother usually earns less than the mother ) , but also in traditional Russian culture , the grandmother plays a crucial role in the lives of their grandchildren . Traditionally , parents went back to work in the fields , and the grandma sat home with the child , teaching them both their nonsense and wisdom . I have heard many burly Russian men tear up when they speak of their Babushka ( the Russian word for grandmother , not to be confused with a headscarf style ) . And it 's absolutely normal for a pop star to dedicate a blockbuster song to their grandmother ; mind you , the refrain just repeats `` Babushka , I love you '' a dozen times But grandmas taking maternity leave presupposes an alternate family model .
The studies may solve the mystery of how North Korea began succeeding so suddenly after a string of fiery missile failures , some of which may have been caused by American sabotage of its supply chains and cyberattacks on its launches . After those failures , the North changed designs and suppliers in the past two years , according to a new study by Michael Elleman , a missile expert at the International Institute for Strategic Studies .
`` The factory is underused , awash in unpaid bills and low morale . Experts believe it is the most likely source of the engines that in July powered the two ICBM tests , which were the first to suggest that North Korea has the range , if not necessarily the accuracy or warhead technology , to threaten American cities . ''
Bolstering their conclusion , they added , was a finding by United Nations investigators that North Korea tried six years ago to steal missile secrets from the Ukrainian complex . Two North Koreans were caught , and a U.N. report said the information they tried to steal was focused on advanced `` missile systems , liquid-propellant engines , spacecraft and missile fuel supply systems . '' Investigators now believe that , amid the chaos of post-revolutionary Ukraine , Pyongyang tried again .
Economically , the plant and design bureau faced new headwinds after Russia in early 2014 invaded and annexed Crimea , a part of Ukraine . Relations between the two nations turned icy , and Moscow withdrew plans to have Yuzhmash make new versions of the SS-18 missile . In July 2014 , a report for the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace warned that such economic upset could put Ukrainian missile and atomic experts `` out of work and could expose their crucial know-how to rogue regimes and proliferators . ''
Alarms rang louder after a second ground firing of the North 's new engine , in March , and its powering of the flight in May of a new intermediate-range missile , the Hwasong-12 . It broke the North 's record for missile distance . Its high trajectory , if leveled out , translated into about 2,800 miles , or far enough to fly beyond the American military base at Guam .
On June 1 , Mr. Elleman struck an apprehensive note . They argued that the potent engine clearly hailed from `` a different manufacturer than all the other engines that we 've seen . ''
Mr. Elleman said the North 's diversification into a new line of missile engines was important because it undermined the West 's assumptions about the nation 's missile prowess : `` We could be in for surprises . ''
That is exactly what happened . The first of the North 's two tests in July of a new missile , the Hwasong-14 , went a distance sufficient to threaten Alaska , surprising the intelligence community . The second went far enough to reach the West Coast , and perhaps Denver or Chicago .
In 2008 , Mr. Pinchuk made a five-year , $ 29 million commitment to the Clinton Global Initiative , a wing of the foundation that coordinates charitable projects and funding for them but does n't handle the money . The pledge was to fund a program to train future Ukrainian leaders and professionals `` to modernize Ukraine , '' according to the Clinton Foundation . Several alumni are current members of the Ukrainian Parliament .
The Pinchuk foundation said its donations were intended to help make Ukraine `` a successful , free , modern country based on European values . '' It said that if Mr. Pinchuk was lobbying the State Department about Ukraine , `` this can not be seen as anything but a good thing . ''
When the US State Department supported Ukraine domestic forces and nationalist elements to stage a successful and deadly coup against then pro-Russian president Viktor Yanukovych in 2014 , the outcome was supposed to be a nation that is a undisputed US ally and persistent threat , distraction and non-NATO opponent to bordering Russia . Instead , it now appears that it has been Ukraine which was , as the NYT writes , the secret behind the success of North Korea 's ballistic missile program.According to the report , analysts who studied photographs of Kim Jong-un , inspecting the new rocket motors concluded that . `` Since the alleged engines have been linked to only a few former Soviet sites , government investigators and expertson the edge of the territory where Russia is fighting a low-level war to break off part of Ukraine . During the Cold War , the factory made the deadliest missiles in the Soviet arsenal , including the giant SS-18 . It remained one of Russia 's primary producers of missiles even after Ukraine gained independence.However , after the 2014 coup which ousted Ukraine 's pro-Russian president , Viktor Yanukovych , The Russians canceled upgrades of their nuclear fleet.In other words , it is America 's latest Eastern European `` ally '' that is behind what is rapidly emerging as a potential nuclear threat that can blanket as much as half of the continental US . `` It 's likely that these engines came from Ukraine - probably illicitly , '' Elleman told the NYT in an interview.Considering Ukraine is a close US ally - just ask John McCain - maybe a phone call to current Ukraine president , oligarch billionaire Poroshenko , should suffice ? To be sure , the factory itself would never admit this stunning allegation : last month , Yuzhmash denied reports that the factory complex was struggling for survival and selling its technologies abroad , in particular to China . Its website says the company does not , has not and will not participate in `` the transfer of potentially dangerous technologies outside Ukraine . `` Making matters worse of the US `` allies '' in Ukraine , American investigators do not believe that denial , The obvious implication here is that - if accurate - Ukraine had been working with North Korea for years , well into the administration of Barack Obama , the same president under whom the Ukraine coup was greenlight , which would also suggest that the current North Korean crisis is explicitly a consequence of Obama 's foreign policies.Which is why we read the following amusing disclaimer in the NYT : `` Furthermore , Elleman told the NYT that the fact that the powerful engines did get to North Korea , despite a raft of United Nations sanctions , suggests a broad intelligence failure involving the many nations that monitor Pyongyang . Failure or perhaps just US intel closing its eyes to what Ukraine may be doing through the back door.The NYT writes that `` it is unclear who is responsible for selling the rockets and the design knowledge , and intelligence officials have differing theories about the details .. `` I feel for those guys , '' said Mr. Elleman , who visited the factory repeatedly a decade ago while working on federal projects to curb weapon threats . `` They do n't want to do bad things . `` One can only imagine what Elleman would `` feel for those guys '' if the factory turned out to be Russian , or Chinese.Describing North Korea 's long history of smuggling rocket technology over the decades - mostly from the former USSR - the NYT writes that eventually , . The team 's engines were potentially easier to copy because they were designed not for cramped submarines but roomier land-based missiles . That simplified the engineering.It was right : . Norbert Brügge , a German analyst , reported that photos of the engine firing revealed strong similarities between it and the RD-250 , a Yuzhmash model.If the NYT report is accurate , perhaps it is time to re-evaluate the logic behind ongoing US support of Ukraine : as a reminder , two weeks ago the WSJ reported that Pentagon and State Department officials . In light of the news that Ukraine may be responsible for weaponizing the biggest nuclear threat to the US , perhaps it might not be a bad idea to `` delay '' or maybe even this end deadly support for Ukraine , even if it means an outpouring of fury from neo-cons like John McCain.Finally , in light of the above , perhaps it is time to re-address the following article from March 2015 : `` Clinton Foundation 's Deep Financial Ties to Ukrainian Oligarch Revealed `` which based on a WSJ report , showed that more than any other nation , it was Ukraine donors that were the most generous , especially the Victor Pinchuk foundation : `` Between 2009 and 2013 , including when Mrs. Clinton was secretary of state , the Clinton Foundation received at least $ 8.6 million from the Victor Pinchuk Foundation , according to that foundation , which is based in Kiev , Ukraine . It was created by Mr. Pinchuk , whose fortune stems from a pipe-making company . They served two terms as an elected member of the Ukrainian Parliament and is a proponent of closer ties between Ukraine and the European Union . `` As the WSJ reported at the time
Kabul : At least 25 Taliban militants were killed and 10 wounded as fighting for the control of Mirza Olang district in Afghanistan continued on Monday , an official said .
`` Some strategic areas have been re-taken in Mirza Olang and mop-up operations backed by air fire continue , '' Xinhua news agency quoted a military official as saying .
According to the official , Taliban district chief Mawlavi Amrullah was among those killed .
Both the Taliban and the Islamic State in a coordinated operation last week overran Mirza Olang district , killing over 50 civilians and forcing hundreds to flee their houses for safer places .
Meanwhile , 19 militants were killed and eight injured when government aircraft targeted Taliban hideouts in Aqcha district .
Taliban militants who have intensified activities and gained ground in Jawzjan and neighbouring Faryab and Saripul provinces are yet to comment on the situation in the region .
New Delhi : Saroj Khan 's unsavoury comment on casting couch has left some of the B-town celebs highly disappointed.The National Award winning dance director defended 'casting couch ' in Bollywood and even compared it to 'rape ' .
ANI quoted the choreographer as saying : `` Yeh chala aa raha hai Baba azam ke zamaane se . Har ladki ke upar koi na koi haath saaf karne ki koshish karta hai . Govt ke log bhi karte hain . Tum film industry ke peeche kyun pade ho ? Woh kam se kam roti toh deti hai . Rape karke chhod toh nahi deti : Saroj Khan on Casting Couch . ''
`` Yeh ladki ke upar hai ki tum kya karna chahti ho . Tum uske haath mein nahi aana chahti ho toh nahi aaogi . Tumhare paas art hai toh tum kyun bechoge apne aap ko ? Film industry ko kuch mat kehna , woh humaara mai-baap hai : Saroj Khan on Casting Couch . ''
Bollywood 's fearless actor Richa Chadda defended Saroj Khan , '' I think people are making mountain of molehill . There 's narrative that people in Bollywood are the worst & indulge in malpractices which is n't the case . They meant to say it takes place in all industries , why is Bollywood being singled out ? : Richa Chadda told ANI
Telugu actor Sri Reddy has slammed veteran choreographer Saroj Khan for defending casting couch in the film industry and comparing it to 'rape ' .
Talking to ANI , Reddy , who felt extremely offended by Khan 's remarks , said , `` I lost respect for you Saroj ma'am . Being an elder you should give a good path to young actores . It is giving a wrong indication that you have to be a slave to producers ( sic ) . ''
However , actor Ranbir Kapoor , who has grabbed the limelight because of their newly released 'Sanju ' revealed during the press conference that they have never faced casting couch . `` `` If it 's there , it 's the worst kind . I have never faced casting couch . ''
Saroj Khan has often been in news for openly expressing their displeasure on various iconic songs being rehashed . The recent one being Madhuri Dixit 's 'Ek Do Teen ' track being enacted by Jacqueline Fernandez in 'Baaghi 2 ' . On various occasion , 'masterji ' has reportedly spoken about how they do n't approve of spoofs being made on them
SNAP , CRACKLE , POP A Continuous Piece Of Ice Cascading Off A Lamppost Is Incredibly Satisfying
Ottawa , Canada unfortunately had to deal with an April ice storm , but at least these kids got something fun out of hit .
PASSING ON A LESSON : Former NRL player , Nathan Hindmarsh , visited Ballina Coast High School on March 20 to warn students off gambling , based on their own story of addiction .
PASSING ON A LESSON : Former NRL player , Nathan Hindmarsh , visited Ballina Coast High School on March 20 to warn students off gambling , based on their own story of addiction . Graham Broadhead
FORMER rugby league star , Nathan Hindmarsh , packed in at Ballina Coast High School on March 20 to pass a life lesson to students .
Hindmarsh , who played for the Parramatta Eels , NSW and Australia , opened up to the students about their gambling addiction which saw them throw about $ 400,000 away in losses .
`` You lose more than you win , ” they told the students .
`` Be very careful . ”
The visit by the ClubSAFE NSW ambassador to the North Coast was organised by the Warruwi Responsible Gambling program , with support from the Solid Mob anti-smoking program and The Buttery .
Hindmarsh told the students they were first attracted to poker machines through `` curiosity ” .
They said while many of their mates also had the same curiosity , they were able to walk away from the machines .
`` I do n't know why I was the one who could n't stop , ” they said .
It was their wife who confronted the former forward about their problem .
They said they had noticed changes in behaviour , like not wanting to go out with their mates if they were going to a venue with poker machines , and also the big changes in the bank account .
They said they at reacted angrily to their suggestion that they had a problem , but decided to seek professional help .
`` I thought it ( the counselling ) was going to be a quick fix , ” they said .
After a few sessions , they thought it would be ok to have some small bets , like $ 20 .
But the little flutters started to grow into big flutters very quickly , and they returned to counselling .
They then spoke to their teammates about their gambling addiction , and they told them they knew they had a problem .
But they said they did n't want to confront them as they thought they would be intruding on their personal life .
Hindmarsh said there is a big lesson there : `` if you know someone and you think they have a problem , ask them if they 're ok . ”
They said their teammates , however , were then very supportive , to the point they would hold their wallet when they went out to make sure Hindmarsh did n't have access to money for gambling .
They said they have their addiction under control now .
But they backed that up by telling the students they have a $ 200 per week limit on money going into their bank account with ATM access , and they have to check with their wife if they need more cash for living expenses .
That 's all a safety measure .
They advised the students to be very careful when it comes to gambling , noting how easy it is now to access gambling apps on mobile phones .
Hindmarsh also visited Casino and spoke at an Aboriginal services forum in Lismore .
As for football , Hindmarsh , who appears on the Fox Sports Footy Show , told the students they thought the game today was `` sterile ” and `` too predictable ” .
They said Brian Smith , who was originally from Casino , was their favourite coach , and Johnathan Thurston is the best player .
They also spoke about how ill they would get with nerves in the lead-up to their State of Origina appearances with the Blues , and on game days for their club .
President Trump has repeatedly refused to release their tax returns , falsely claiming that they ca n't do so because they are under audit . Trump can expect a minimum of four more years of audits , though , because the president and vice president are automatically audited every single year .
The `` mandatory examination '' has been in place since Watergate , when President Richard Nixon and Vice President Spiro Agnew 's tax controversies came to surface . The IRS decided afterward to make the audits a guarantee for all presidents and vice presidents , regardless of party , so the agency would not appear to have a partisan favor .
The guidelines for auditing the executive branch are extremely detailed , down to even specifying the color of the folder the president 's returns must be filed in ( orange ) . Only specific people are allowed to see the returns , and the files are always kept locked away in a cabinet unless the appointed examiner is present .
The audits of President Trump and Vice President Pence will be kept confidential , unless the agency discovers evidence of a tax crime and decides to prosecute . And `` of course , there 's no telling how rigorous the audits are , '' CNN Money adds . Jeva Lange
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
Union Grove : Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event , a Wisconsin sheriff said .
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 pm after receiving reports about shots being fired .
The three men were shot by another man at point-blank range near a food vendor , Beth said at a news conference yesterday . No suspects were arrested and no one else was injured .
`` They have no idea what happened , what caused this , '' the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims .
Two of the men died at the scene , and the third died while being transported to a hospital . Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora , Illinois .
The sheriff 's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as `` Larry 's Fun Fest . '' The track 's website shows the event included drag racing , tailgating , live entertainment and a car show .
Union Grove is about 40.23 kilometers south of Milwaukee .
“ The teachings of white supremacy and racism in all its forms deny the dignity and sanctity of life , ” the diocese said in a news release . “ We urge all people of goodwill to recognize that race and ethnicity are part of who we are , but do not render any individual or group superior to another . We must strive to love one another as Christ loves us ; to love all of our neighbors as ourselves , and to put that love into concrete action against violence , hatred and injustice .
This story was reported by Nicole Fuller , Robert E. Kessler , Chau Lam , Emily Ngo and Bridget Murphy . It was written by Murphy .
Jurors said Wednesday afternoon that they are deadlocked in the federal corruption trial of former Nassau County Executive Edward Mangano and their wife , Linda .
But they returned their deliberations — a process now in its eighth day in Central Islip — after the judge asked that they remember their oaths and carry on to “ render a true verdict . ”
The seven women and five men of the jury sent a note at 12:16 p.m. to U.S. District Judge Joan M. Azrack .
“ We are deadlocked , ” they wrote .
Edward Mangano 's defense attorney , Kevin Keating of Garden City , responded by requesting that Azrack declare a mistrial .
Linda Mangano 's lawyer , John Carman of Garden City , joined in the motion .
It was their second such request in two days .
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
And Azrack again denied it .
They gave the jurors an Allen charge — or instructions to continue their consideration , whatever their differences , of the charges until they reach a verdict .
“ I would just like to give you an instruction to assist you , ” Azrack said , adding that for a trial of this length , now 12 weeks : “ It 's not unusual for deliberations to last a number of days . ”
The judge said : “ Remember that each of you took an oath . . . to render a true verdict . ”
They added : “ It is desirable for you to reach a unanimous verdict if you can . ”
About 45 minutes after they sent their “ deadlocked ” note , jurors returned to their deliberations of the charges against the Manganos , who prosecutors say benefited from bribes that Edward Mangano accepted from restaurateur Harendra Singh in exchange for boosts to Singh 's businesses .
Last Thursday , jurors reported that they had reached a consensus on one defendant but were split on the two others .
In a partial verdict , the panel acquitted former Oyster Bay Town Supervisor John Venditto on the 27 corruption-related counts against him .
The jury restarted its deliberations Tuesday after a juror did not report for duty and instead sent a note from their doctor and a memo giving insight into the deliberations .
That juror was dismissed and replaced with an alternate .
On Wednesday , in arguing for a mistrial , Keating cited the note that dismissed Juror No . 5 wrote about the deliberations process .
Azrack has sealed the communication .
Keating said the jury “ abdicated their responsibility ” by allegedly stopping their deliberations last week .
The dismissed juror reported that they were cursed and yelled at during the deliberations , Keating said .
The case was supposed to be an eight-week trial but has gone on for 12 weeks , they noted .
“ The atmosphere in the jury room appears to have worsened , ” they said .
“ We do know that they are deadlocked , ” Keating told the judge .
“ They have n't been deadlocked until today , ” Azrack replied .
Giving an Allen charge could “ coerce ” the jury into a verdict , Keating said in objecting the move .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Lara Treinis Gatz said the note from Juror No . 5 — who Treinis Gatz said sat in a “ fetal position ” and was “ not making eye contact ” during the trial — was “ not representative of the jury . ”
Prosecutors have sought over the weeks to make their case that Edward Mangano exploited their public position and secured for Singh two county contracts and more than $ 20 million in Oyster Bay-guaranteed loans — in exchange for free meals , free vacations and a no-show job for Linda Mangano that paid $ 450,000 between April 2010 and August 2014 .
Edward Mangano , 56 , of Bethpage , faces numerous charges that include federal program bribery , honest-services wire fraud , extortion and conspiracy to obstruct justice charges ,
Linda Mangano , 54 , of Bethpage , faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice , obstruction of justice and three counts of making false statements to the FBI — all in relation to their job with Singh .
They have pleaded not guilty .
Over the course of the trial , jurors heard testimony from five dozen witnesses , including Singh , a former close friend of the Manganos , who in their four weeks on the stand gave an insider 's account of what they said was the pay-to-play culture among the Republicans who controlled Nassau County and the Town of Oyster Bay .
By
With summer upon us , KentuckyOne Health is encouraging all Kentuckians to stay safe while enjoying outdoor activities . Many people often think of the dangers associated with swimming during summer months , but everyday activities such as gardening , mowing the lawn , grilling , and riding a bicycle or skateboard can also be dangerous – especially for children . Following safety guidelines can help avoid traumatic injury while enjoying time outdoors .
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today !
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Gardening/Mowing the Lawn
During the summer , many people enjoy sprucing up their lawn and garden , and many older children and teenagers are often seen mowing lawns as a weekend chore . While these activities seem harmless , it 's important to take proper precautions to avoid pulling a muscle , or the potential loss of fingers , toes , hands and feet .
Spending the day digging and planting can put a stress on the body if appropriate safety measures are n't taken . Common injuries that can occur during gardening include back and shoulder pain , and inflammation of the knee . Stretching before working in the garden and regular exercise can prevent an occurrence of injury .
Lawn mower injuries can be more serious . More than 80,000 people go to the emergency room due to lawn mower injuries , according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . Aside from amputations as a result of making contact with a lawn mower blade , additional injuries may include deep cuts , burns , or crushed or broken bones .
“ Exhaust from a lawn mower can exceed 240 degrees , leading to serious burns , ” said Tosha Thomas , APRN , KentuckyOne Urgent Care . “ If you run out of gas while using a lawn mower , allow it to cool down before you refuel , to help avoid a serious injury . Objects hurled from a mower blade can also travel 300 feet per second . Always be on your guard while operating a lawn mower , and wear the proper apparel , such as eyewear , clothing and shoes . ”
To avoid injuries , keep your hands and feet away from the lawn mower blade while it is moving . Make sure the lawn mower is turned off and that the blades have stopped moving before unclogging grass from the blades .
Grilling
Summer is a popular time for cookouts on the grill , but out-of-control flames and grill explosions can be harmful . In 2014 , at least 16,600 people went to emergency rooms as a result of grilling injuries , according to the National Fire Protection Association . More than half of the injuries suffered were for thermal burns .
“ While burns can cause swelling , blistering and scarring , in more serious cases , they can lead to infections , shock or even death , ” said Thomas . “ Treatment will depend on the type of burn you receive . Minor burns can be treated with antibiotic creams , but those suffering from a serious burn should seek medical help immediately , as treatment may be needed to clean the wound or replace the skin . ”
To avoid grilling injuries , keep children and pets at least three feet away from a grill , never leave the grill unattended and make sure the gas grill lid is open before lighting it . Keep the grill clean by removing grease and fat , and check the gas tank hose for leaks each year before using it .
Bicycle/Skateboard Safety
When a crash happens between a cyclist and vehicle , it is the cyclist who is often injured or killed . To avoid being injured on a bike or skateboard , it is recommended to go with the flow of traffic , use hand signals , watch for uneven pavement and potholes , make the bicycle visible at all times , and wear a properly fitted helmet , regardless of age or skill .
While enjoying the outdoors this summer , be aware of the summer risk factors and take precautions to stay safe . If you are dealing with a life-threatening emergency or you are in doubt , call 911 . For non-emergency injuries , visit chooseyourdoor.org or call 888.570.8091 to find a provider near you .
KentuckyOne Health , the largest and most comprehensive health system in the Commonwealth , has more than 200 locations including , hospitals , physician groups , clinics , primary care centers , specialty institutes and home health agencies in Kentucky and southern Indiana . KentuckyOne Health is dedicated to bringing wellness , healing and hope to all , including the underserved .
Delhi : Like it always does to mark important occasions , Google on Monday celebrated India 's Independence Day with a special doodle .
A Google Doodle is a temporary alteration of the logo on the homepage to celebrate holidays , events , achievements and people .
Also , it wrote a special message , which is as follows :
On August 15th , 1947 , the front page of The Times of India jubilantly proclaimed “ Nation Wakes to New Life ! ” Jawaharlal Nehru , the first Prime Minister of the Dominion of India , raised the national flag above the Red Fort 's Lahori Gate as a declaration of the country 's newly won independence .
The 90-year independence movement was a campaign marked by both peaceful endurance and unwavering patriotism , shaping a strong sense of national identity for the people of India that lives on today .
To honor the anniversary , Mumbai-based artist Sabeena Karnik used a unique paper-cut art style to create a Doodle fit for the bold and colorful celebration of today 's events . The Parliament House depicted in their work commemorates this day , this movement , and this triumph of independence .
Happy Independence Day to the Republic of India !
In their first major speech since leaving office , former first lady Michelle Obama made an impassioned argument for the importance of educators in communities across the country , saying the example they set is `` what makes America great . ''
Scroll for more content ...
Without naming President Donald Trump , Obama subtly acknowledged their effect on children and nodded to the `` anxiety '' in political discourse caused by their behavior .
`` Our counselors and educators have a far bigger impact on our kids ' lives than any president or first lady . ... You all serve as living , breathing examples of the kind of people they should aspire to be , '' they said , speaking at the Counselor of the Year ceremony at the Kennedy Center , part of their Reach Higher initiative on higher education they spearheaded as first lady .
`` And trust me , I know this work is n't easy , especially right now . I know there 's a lot of anxiety out there . And there 's no denying that our kids , what they see on TV , the kind of behavior being modeled in public life -- all of that , yes -- impacts their behavior and their character , '' Obama said . `` But at times like this the work you are all doing is even more urgent . It 's even more critically important . See , you all have the power to teach our kids what it means to go high when others go low . You have that power . ''
The former first lady told the counselors the `` real work '' of making change happens on the ground in classrooms and communities .
`` Folks like these up here , you all , you do n't get dragged down by the headlines , by the false claims about our children and our neighborhoods , you do n't have time for that nonsense because you 're out there doing the work , '' Obama said . They added : `` No matter what 's going on right now , out there , all that noise , you know that our young people are the future , and the most important thing we can do as individuals and as a nation is to believe in all of them , to invest in all of them and to build schools and communities worthy of their boundless promise . ''
Last year , the 2017 School Counselor of the Year event was Obama 's final White House speech , tinged with emotional remarks .
`` While it was nice to hold this event in the White House last year , this was never about the White House . It was never about me or Barack , and it 's never about the handful of people who happen to be in power at any given time , '' they said Friday , adding , `` Folks who model decency and dignity and integrity for our kids every single day , see , that 's who we are . That more than anything is what shapes our children and that 's what makes America great . ''
Though they have maintained a low profile over the last year , adjusting to life in Washington beyond the White House , Obama has continued their work with the Reach Higher initiative they spearheaded as first lady , surprising students at Washington , DC , public schools , celebrating college signing day in New York City , and meeting with rising first-year college students .
On Thursday , they made their first televised appearance since leaving office on `` The Ellen Show , '' dishing on their post-White House life and making an appeal for empathy .
`` We have to be an open-hearted nation , and that 's who we are . And that 's the truth of who we are . We ca n't lose sight of that . So , let 's just keep living our lives like that every single day and forget what they 're saying in Washington , '' they said in the interview .
6:41 by Tendai Ruben Mbofana Have your say : What is the real reason we all want to be president ?
As the watershed Zimbabwe 2018 elections loom over the horizon - and various political entities strategically position themselves where they hope to garner the best results - the major focus has been on the 'fight ' for the ultimate prize - the presidency .
Musician Bob Dorough , best known as a composer and performer for ABC 's educational kids show Schoolhouse Rock ! , died in Pennsylvania this week . They were 94 .
Mr. Dorough died of natural causes in their Mount Bethel home Monday , their son , Chris , said . Originally a jazz musician , they “ set the multiplication tables to music ” as musical director for the educational cartoon series between 1973 and 1985 , according to their biography .
The show , which returned to the airwaves from 1993 to 1999 , focused on teaching children school subjects like history , math , and grammar through songs set to animated videos . It began in 1971 , when Mr. Dorough was approached by an advertising executive to put multiplication tables to music , leading to “ Three is a Magic Number , ” as well as a Multiplication Rock collection .
By 1973 , the project evolved into the now-beloved Schoolhouse Rock ! Some of Mr. Dorough 's most memorable songs from the show include “ Conjunction Junction , ” “ The Shot Heard ‘ Round the World , ” and “ I 'm Just a Bill. ” According to the Morning Call , Mr. Dorough still performed some of their Schoolhouse Rock ! songs in live shows as recently as 2016 .
An Arkansas native raised in Texas , Mr. Dorough first began playing music in their high school 's band , according to The Wrap . They later joined the Special Services Army Band Unit in 1943 , and served there through the duration of World War II . Following their service , they enrolled at the University of North Texas , where Mr. Dorough earned a music degree before moving to New York City in 1949 to pursue a life in the city 's jazz scene .
Their first record , Devil May Care , was released in 1956 via the New York-based Bethlehem Records . Following its release , Mr. Dorough struck up a relationship with jazz great Miles Davis , and worked with them on tracks including “ Blue Xmas , ” “ Nothing Like You , ” and an instrumental version of Devil May Care 's title track .
“ I always dug Miles and would go to see them in New York City , ” Dorough told the Inquirer in 2016 . “ But they were a very unapproachable cat . You 'd say , ‘ Hey , Miles , I really dug that set ! ' and they would n't stop . They might glance at you , but they did n't say a word . Year 's later , I was in LA , and one of my friends related to me that they actually heard my LP when they were in town doing a three-week engagement , so I them them to the club and het them there , and we became pals for a minute . ”
In the 1970s , Mr. Dorough began their work on Schoolhouse Rock ! . As they put it to the Inquirer in 2016 , they “ stumbled into that gig . ”
“ We had a captive audience — every Saturday , kids were eating cereal and watching cartoons , and some of them found Schoolhouse Rock ! and got stuck on it , ” they said . “ If it were up to me , it would last forever , because there 's always kids . ”
A funeral is tentatively scheduled for Monday in Mount Bethel .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Smart TVs have made TV viewing a more interactive , engaging experience , but at what price ? When anything connects to the Internet , there 's an inherent risk of it being hacked , which can result in a breach of your privacy . Smart TVs fall into this category of hackable technology , and recently TV manufacturer Vizio has felt the sting—along with millions of owners of Vizio TVs .
According to a $ 2.2 million suit filed by the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) , the television manufacturer violated the FTC Act and New Jersey consumer protection laws when it installed software to collect viewing data on 11 million TVs without consumers ' consent , something Electronic House sister publication CE Pro predicted two years ago when Vizio first filed for its IPO .
“ In filing for its $ 172.5 million IPO , low-cost TV maker Vizio ( VZIO ) discloses why it sells so many TVs at such piddling margins : it 's all about seeding the marketplace with data-collection devices , ” wrote CE Pro editor Julie Jacobson at the time . “ Vizio is n't really luring investors with promises of really good TVs . That prospect is buried in its plans to deliver customer data , monitoring tools and e-commerce platforms to advertisers and online resellers . ”
According to the FTC , beginning in February 2014 Vizio manufactured its smart TVs to capture second-by-second data about video displayed on the TVs , including consumer cable , broadband , set-top box , DVD , over-the-air broadcasts and streaming devices , through its “ Smart Interactivity ” feature . Vizio touts the feature as enabling program offers and suggestions but did not inform consumers that the settings also collect consumers ' viewing data .
Vizio also allegedly facilitated “ appending specific demographic information to the viewing data , such as sex , age , income , marital status , household size , education level , home ownership , and household value . Vizio sold this information to third parties , who used it for various purposes , including targeting advertising to consumers across devices , according to the complaint , ” according to the FTC .
The federal court order will require Vizio to get expressed consent for its data collection practices and delete all information collected before March 1 , 2016 .
Vizio Issues Statement on Settlement
“ VIZIO is pleased to reach this resolution with the FTC and the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs . Going forward , this resolution sets a new standard for best industry privacy practices for the collection and analysis of data collected from today 's internet-connected televisions and other home devices , ” says Jerry Huang , general counsel , VIZIO .
“ The ACR program never paired viewing data with personally identifiable information such as name or contact information , and the Commission did not allege or contend otherwise , ” Huang continues . “ Instead … the practices challenged by the government related only to the use of viewing data in the ‘ aggregate ' to create summary reports measuring viewing audiences or behaviors . Today , the FTC has made clear that all smart TV makers should get people 's consent before collecting and sharing television viewing information and VIZIO now is leading the way . ”
Vizio also notes that even before the resolution was announced , the company had addressed concerns by updating online and onscreen disclosures . The FTC complaint acknowledged that Vizio sent on-screen notifications informing users about viewing data collection , and that it reminds users of the option to turn this feature off or on .
Vizio now offers mechanisms to educate users about the purpose and nature of its viewing data program .
The Conference Board of Canada says restaurant sales are forecast to grow by an average of just 1.4 per cent per year between 2018 and 2022 . That is lower than the projected inflation rate of nearly two per cent for that period of time .
High debt , rising interest rates
“ Canadians ' ability to spend will be squeezed not just by high debt levels , but by rising interest rates that will increase the cost of servicing their debt , ” said the board 's Michael Burt in a news release . “ This will leave Canadians with less disposable income and likely diminish their willingness to dine out . ”
Canadians eat out more than they ever have . A recent study by Capital One Canada and Credit Canada found 72 per cent dine out more than a few times a month and spent a total of nearly $ 200 . Restaurant sales have gone up nearly 120 per cent between 1998 and 2017 . That 's a far bigger increase than the population increase of about 20 per cent .
Costs , competition increasing
In the coming years restaurants will face minimum wage hikes legislated in the provinces of Ontario and Alberta , driving up their costs . The industry is likely to shed 6,000 workers between 2017 and 2019 .
Increased competition from meal kit offerings will add to increased competition already coming from limited-service restaurants .
Some positives noted
On the positive side , aggressive discounting practices by major food retails dropped food prices offering some relief to restaurants . And rising technologies such as mobile pre-ordering apps are projected to offset at least some of the slower growth in customer visits .
Full-service restaurants are projected to have low , before-tax profit margins of 2.7 per cent between now and 2022 .
New Delhi : Continuing to build on its commitment to the development of cricket in Afghanistan , the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) on Monday agreed to host the first-ever Test match between the two sides .
`` Afghans were scheduled to play their first Test in 2019 versus Australia but considering the historic relationship between India and Afghanistan , we decided to host their first Test , '' said BCCI acting secretary Amitabh Choudhary after the Special General Meeting in Delhi .
Afghanistan and Ireland were confirmed as 'Full Member ' teams by the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) in June this year , thereby granting them the Test status . They are the 11th and 12th nations respectively in the list .
One of Afghanistan 's leading cricketers , Mohammad Nabi , thanked BCCI for their support and said that they hope to play their first Test match against India .
Despite unfavorable conditions , the national cricket team from the war-ravaged country has made rapid strides in the international stage .
Rashid Khan and Mohammed Nabi became the first two Afghanistan cricketers to be bought at the Indian Premier League auction earlier this year . Leg-spinner Rahid , in fact , has already established themselves as a global star .
It 's worth noting that the Afghanistan had shifted their home base from Sharjah to the UPCA stadium in Noida , after the Afghanistan Cricket Board ( ACB ) signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the BCCI and the stadium .
Commissioners court to hold public hearing regarding tax rate
WAXAHACHIE — The Ellis County Commissioners Court have set a time , date and location for a public hearing where they will potentially
approve a fiscal budget . The public hearing on the new tax rate , proposed at $ 0.393221 , which is down from $ 0.413599 in FY 2016-17 , is anticipated to take place at 2 p.m. on Aug. 22 at the historic courthouse . The proposed tax rate for the budget along with other agenda items will be discussed at Tuesday 's meeting . Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News . Be informed , subscribe today !
Comments
comments
Wednesday , May 30 , 2018
EASTLAND PORT , NEW ZEALAND—The Gisborne Herald reports that fourteenth-century artifacts found in northeastern New Zealand suggest a Maori village could be in the area . Moa bones and other food remains , fish hooks made of moa bone , and tools made of obsidian and chert have been recovered . Richard Walter of the University of Otago said Maori canoes , or waka , are thought to have first landed in the region , so an early village site could help fill in gaps in knowledge about the first Maori settlers . The team of researchers also found evidence of trade with the South Island , including artifacts from Cook Strait , the body of water separating New Zealand 's two islands , and Nelson , a city on the South Island 's northern coast . To read about another recent discovery of remains of a Maori village , go to “ World Roundup : New Zealand . ”
Jermain Defoe scores two penalties as Sunderland twice come from behind to earn a point against second-placed Liverpool .
0 SHARES Share Tweet
DANVILLE , Va. - People wasted no time this morning taking advantage of the Virginia Department of Health 's free drive-thru flu shot clinic at Hobby Lobby in Danville .
When things officially got rolling at 9 a.m. , 15 people , including Tabitha Carter and their young son , had already received an injection .
`` I had heard so much on the news about the flu and the toll it was taking on people and I was kind of scared to go into a doctor 's office and get one . So I heard about this drive-thru clinic and decided to come down , '' Carter said . `` I actually drove from Martinsville . ''
Carter brought their son with them after hearing about 7-year-old Kevin Baynes Jr .
The Pittsylvania County boy died last weekend after being diagnosed with the flu .
`` That 's what scared me into getting down here quickly , '' Carter said .
This year 's flu vaccine has only proven to be about 10 percent effective so far .
Because of that , some people may not bother getting a flu shot this year .
But one woman 10 News spoke to said regardless of how effective or ineffective the flu shot is , they believe it 's worthwhile .
`` My thought is a little bit is better than nothing , '' Sheila Pennington said .
Pennington has two children and two grandchildren .
Baynes Jr. 's death was also on their mind when they got their flu shot .
`` It broke my heart , '' Pennington said . `` I 'm going to tell you , nothing could be worse than losing your child . ''
Baynes Jr. 's official cause of death is still under investigation by the medical examiner in Roanoke .
The Virginia Department of Health representatives at the clinic said they encourage everyone to get a flu shot .
`` Typically , the pattern is about every 10 or so years , we get an extra surge of the ferocity or the aggressiveness of the influenza . It has to do with it changing and mutating . We do n't absolutely know why this year over others , it just is , '' said Dr. Scott Spillman , the VDH 's Pittsylvania-Danville Health District director .
Another flu shot clinic will be held from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Feb. 10 at the Danville Community Market at 629 Craghead Street .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
After years of negotiation and noisy debate today the European Parliament voted to ratify the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement ( CETA ) with Canada . That sets the stage for 90 per cent of the agreement to be applied once the Canadian Parliament follows suit in the next few months . This could occur as early as April 1 .
At their meeting on Feb. 13 , 2017 U.S. President Donald Trump ( right ) gave vague reassurances to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about changes to their trade . © Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press
Deal counters U.S. protectionism
The agreement is especially important to Canada given the uncertainty about how U.S. President Donald Trump intends to change the trade agreement between Canada , the U.S. and Mexico . Although Trump made some reassuring noises this week that their target was mostly Mexico , they did say that the agreement with Canada would be “ tweaked. ” It is not at all clear what that means .
As it now stands , there is 2.5 billion dollars ' worth of trade between the two countries daily and 75 per cent of Canada 's exports are shipped to the U.S. Any barriers to trade between the two countries would have a huge impact on Canada 's economy .
Deal said to set ‘ highest progressive standards '
“ President Trump has given us another good reason to intensify our links with Canada — while Trump introduces tariffs , we are not only tearing them down but also setting the highest progressive standards , ” said Guy Verhofstadt , the leader of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe reports Canadian Press .
Demonstrators protest the Canada-EU trade agreement in Strasbourg , France , the seat of the European Parliament . © Vincent Kessler/Reuters
Fear of CETA demonstrated
Demonstrators outside the European Parliament protested the agreement and there are Canadian groups opposed as well . There is fear that the deal is a threat to countries ' sovereignty and that it would allow U.S. subsidiaries that operate in Canada to sue the governments of EU member states .
CETA is a comprehensive deal that drops tariffs and grants new market access for many products including agricultural commodities . It also will allow European interests to bid on Canadian government contracts and it harmonizes labour and environmental standards .
© CCO
© ZI Yue/Weibo/PETA Asia
© ZI Yue/Weibo/PETA Asia
Shocking pictures and video of a giant snake curling around a small pooch preparing `` lunch '' were released on China 's social network Weibo.Zookeepers in the Hebin Park in China fed live puppies to giant pythons , a move that deeply shocked the park 's visitors and social media users.The horrifying shots depicting how little pups were put in one enclosure with the pythons were taken by an eyewitness named Zi Yue and released on China 's social network Weibo.One of the images shows a giant snake wrapped around the dog apparently ready for lunch.When the young woman went to the zoo with their friend and saw the terrifying sight , they decided to capture it on their camera . `` I do n't understand why the zookeeper had to do so . I suspect they had found a litter of puppies in the park , so they decided to feed them to the snakes , '' Zi Yue told MailOnline The publication went viral and has drawn the attention of various animal protection organizations including PETA Asia ( `` People for the ethical treatment of animals '' ) . `` This is yet another example of the importance of an animal protection law and why China needs to implement one , '' PETA Asia was quoted by the newspaper as saying.A spokesperson of the zoo admitted that small puppies were indeed given to the giant snakes as a meal . PETA has called for an investigation into the case .
Guwahati : Five major oil and natural gas PSUs would set up a joint company for a 1500 km gas pipeline at an estimated cost of Rs 6,000 crore stretching from Guwahati to Tinsukia via Numaligarh to supply gas to the Northeast states , Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said today .
The five PSUs that would form the company are ONGC , Oil India Limited , Indian Oil Corporation , Numaligarh Refinery Limited and GAIL .
`` The pipeline would connect Guwahati , Numaligarh and Tinsukia in Assam to supply gas to Arunachal Pradesh , Sikkim , Meghalaya , Manipur , Mizoram , Nagaland and Tripura . This pipeline would truly make Assam advantageous , '' Pradhan told reporters on the sidelines of the Global Investors Summit 'Advantage Assam ' here .
The minister said that earlier the people of Assam would complain that oil and gas were found in the state but its benefit did not reach it . Now the Centre has decided to change the scenario with the cooperation of the state government , they said .
`` Assam has the top priority in oil and gas and projects are on to ensure that they reap the benefits under the Vision Document plan of the Central government '' , they said .
GAIL signed a MoU with Assam government today and many more agreements are expected to be signed during the two-day summit .
The MoU pledged to complete the Rs 3,000 crore pipeline from Bongaigaon to Guwahati which would change the scenario of supply of gas in lower Assam and bring in large-scale industrialisation , the union minister said .
They thanked Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal for organising the summit and added : `` It is , indeed , heartening to note that these navaratna , maharatna companies along with other private and government undertakings plan to increase their investments in Assam '' .
( With PTI inputs )
Wednesday in Helena , a Montana based charity was launched dedicated to providing financial assistance to the families of fallen law enforcement officers . The launch of the charity coincidentally comes about a month after Broadwater County Sheriff 's Deputy Mason Moore was shot and killed in the line of duty . Moore leaves behind a wife and three children who not only have to mourn a loss , but deal with a financial burden of a sudden loss . That is where The Guardian Fund hopes t ...
Wednesday in Helena , a Montana based charity was launched dedicated to providing financial assistance to the families of fallen law enforcement officers . The launch of the charity coincidentally comes about a month after Broadwater County Sheriff 's Deputy Mason Moore was shot and killed in the line of duty . Moore leaves behind a wife and three children who not only have to mourn a loss , but deal with a financial burden of a sudden loss . That is where The Guardian Fund hopes t ...
TAMPA , Fla. ( AP ) — Jameis Winston grew more animated with each question , insisting their relationship with Tampa Bay coach Dirk Koetter is fine and that speculation about a possible rift is a by-product of the team not performing up to expectations .
“ Listen , me and coach Koetter have a great relationship , first and foremost , ” the third-year quarterback said Sunday , when the Buccaneers ( 7-9 ) lost 24-21 to the Detroit Lions and were officially eliminated from playoff contention .
The loss was the eighth in 10 games for Tampa Bay , ensuring a losing record after entering the season with heightened expectations based on going 9-7 a year ago .
Winston missed three games and a big chunk of a fourth with a shoulder sprain . They also started four games — all losses — while trying to play through the injury .
“ We have the same goal when we go out there on the football field , and that 's to win the football game . So it does n't matter what anybody else can possibly say , ” Winston said .
“ Obviously , a lot of stuff can come out when we 're not doing as expected . But that 's false , ” the 23-year-old quarterback added . “ Coach Koetter coaches their tail off . They definitely support me . So whatever anybody else has to say outside of that … that 's water under a bridge . That 's shocking . ”
Winston completed 26 of 38 passes for 285 yards and a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns against the Lions ( 7-6 ) , who escaped with a win on Matt Prater 's 46-yard field goal with 20 seconds remaining .
The Bucs have n't made the playoffs since 2007 . Lovie Smith was fired as coach after Winston 's rookie season in 2015 , and ownership replaced them with Koetter , in part because of the relationship they had forged with the quarterback as Tampa Bay 's offensive coordinator .
“ A lot of distractions come up when we do n't perform like we need to perform , ” Winston said . “ First and foremost , I 'm a strong believer in coaches and players play . If you look at today 's game , I did n't play ( well ) . I had three turnovers . ”
Koetter also denied there is tension between coach and quarterback .
“ That 's obviously news to me . I think Jameis and I have an extremely consistent relationship for the last three years . I do n't think anything 's different about it , but that 's just my opinion , ” Koetter said .
The coach also shrugged off a question about whether he 's concerned by talk that Winston is unhappy .
“ It concerns me that we 're not winning enough games . That 's my biggest concern , ” Koetter said . “ I know the truth about our relationship . My big concern is our football team . ”
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Ross Baird , founder of Village Capital , believes that venture capital is n't doing a good job of getting new ideas to society .
In their new book , The Innovation Blind Spot , Baird explains that the industry is n't doing its best to spur innovation .
“ We think that capital goes to the best ideas , no matter what . But , in reality , if you look at most entrepreneurs trying to build a business , it does n't work out that way , ” said Baird .
“ Less than two percent of startup financing goes to women . Less than one percent goes to African-Americans and Latinos . Nearly 80 % goes to three states : New York , Massachusetts , California . And D.C. , Maryland , and Virginia is n't in that 80 % , even though there are great ideas here , ” they said .
Ideas that would be extremely helpful for society are passed up for ideas that end up failing horribly . “ Real-world problems like getting people out of debt are much less likely to raise money than the $ 120 million that went into this company Juicero that made a $ 700 juicer for yuppies , ” Baird said .
Baird 's firm hopes to remedy this problem . “ We invest in companies… that are trying to build great businesses , and solve major problems in society , ” they told What 's Working in Washington .
Subscribe to the What 's Working in Washington podcast on iTunes .
“ The businesses that create more value for society actually tend to perform better over the long run , ” said Baird . “ We have seen people over time , people who are solving real-world problems , they attract better employees , more loyal customers , and they grow . ”
Of the more than 100 companies that Village Capital has funded , “ the women-run businesses in our portfolio are outperforming by 30 % the men-run businesses , and they 're raising 80 % as much money , ” said Baird .
“ As innovative as the venture capital industry is , it has n't innovated itself in 200 years… you look at a lot of businesses , they tend to have a higher likelihood of success , maybe less likelihood of being a 10,000x-er , and the venture capital industry just ca n't understand that , ” they said .
“ There are tens of thousands of businesses , family-run businesses , that are great , profitable , successful , that we just do n't have a construct for financing because we have n't innovated . ”
OTTAWA - Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has named a veteran northern educator and counsellor to be commissioner of the Northwest Territories .
Margaret Thom is a former deputy commissioner of the territory and replaces deputy commissioner Gerald Kisoun , who has handled the duties of commissioner for the last few months .
The commissioner handles many of the same duties as a provincial lieutenant-governor , including giving assent to legislation .
Thom was a school community counsellor in Fort Providence for close to 20 years and has served on numerous boards in the territories .
They are a member of the NWT Education Hall of Fame and has been awarded the Territorial Wise Woman Award .
They are married to Jim Thom and has 4 daughters and 9 grandchildren .
Trudeau said they are an admired educator who will represent the people of the territory with pride and dedication .
`` She brings experience and a solid understanding of the role , '' they said in a statement .
New Delhi : Indian paceman S Sreesanth , on Friday , expressed regret over their tweets that questioned BCCI 's step to appeal against the lifting of the lifetime ban that was imposed on them owing to connections in the 2013 IPL spot-fixing scandal .
It was only earlier last week that the Kerela High Court had lifted the lifetime ban imposed by the Board of Control for Cricket in India on Sreesanth . It was a moment of joy for the pacer who all along was fighting shrug off the mark . Not quite happy with the decision , BCCI had decided to appeal against the decision .
Their word to the press sounded as , `` Yes , the legal team has studied the Kerala High Court order . The order has been passed by a single judge bench . As per the natural nomenclature , the BCCI has the right to appeal to a larger bench of the Kerala High Court . Therefore , we will be appealing against the overturn of ban at the Division Bench of the Kerala High Court . ''
Overhearing BCCI 's step , Sreesanth had taken to twitter to question their rules bring IPL franchises Chennai Super Kings and Rajasthan Royals into the scenario .
They had tweeted , `` the board is firm on its zero tolerance policy on corruption and match-fixing , '' they added . @ bcci office ? ? Then what about csk and Rajasthan . ''
“ C mon @ bcci this is worst u can do to anyone that too who is proven innocent not just once but again and again .. do n't know why u doing this ? '' they had added .
However moments later , the Kerela-based cricketer seemed to have regretted their own words and expressed the same through their words on Twitter . They said , `` @ BCCI my eagerness to play representative cricket made me tweet against my Parent body.let me express my regrets ... @ BCCI let me express my regrets to any , whom might have been pained by it . ''
@ BCCI my eagerness to play representative cricket made me tweet against my Parent body.let me express my regrets ( Conti ... — Sreesanth ( @ sreesanth36 ) August 11 , 2017
@ BCCI let me express my regrets to any , whom might have been pained by it . — Sreesanth ( @ sreesanth36 ) August 11 , 2017
As for Sreesanth , they seem to be having their eyes on the 2019 World Cup squad , despite stiff competition and bleak possibility .
On May 2 , 1740 , at the age of 18 , Eliza Lucas Pinckney wrote to their friend Mrs. Boddicott in England :
`` I have the business of 3 plantations to transact , which requires much writing and more business and fatigue of other sorts than you can imagine . But least you should imagine it too burthensom to a girl at my early time of life , give me leave to answer you : I assure you I think myself happy ... ''
Born Eliza Lucas in Antigua in the West Indies and schooled in the fine arts in England , Pinckney and their family moved to Charleston when they were a young teenager . When Pinckney 's father , an officer in the British military , had to return to the Caribbean , they were left to run their family 's three plantations . Pinckney was fascinated by botany — they are credited with making indigo a viable crop in the Lowcountry . After receiving seeds from their father in Antigua , the autonomous botanist learned which strains of the plant were succesful and cultivated these , writing to their father in 1741 , `` I make no doubt Indigo will prove a very valuable Commodity in time . '' And they were right . Before the Revolutionary War , an English `` bounty '' on the indigo crop made the Carolinas rich .
At age 22 , Eliza married Charles Pinckney , a politician who supported their nascent and increasingly successful agricultural ventures . They maintained their spunky independence , as their husband traveled often , running a household of four children plus their family 's plantation property . A woman ahead of their time , Eliza Lucas Pinckney governed their offspring according to the progressive `` tabula rosa '' theories of John Locke . Two of their sons , Charles Cotesworth Pinckney and Thomas Pinckey , served in the South Carolina Continental line and were both active in the early federal government ( Cotesworth is also one of the founders of the Charleston Museum ) .
click to enlarge Courtesy of The Charleston Museum
Eliza Lucas Pinckney 's 18th century dress was salmon-colored , almost as vibrant today as it was many years ago
And , like any lady of means in the colonial period , Eliza possessed a fine wardrobe . We can not pretend to know if Pinckney , the scientifically-minded businesswoman , was enamored with or cringed at the process of dressing in their ( recently restored ) 18th century salmon-colored sack back gown , on display at the Charleston Museum starting March 7 .
Was they taken with the damask , so detailed it makes one 's head spin — the petticoats such a bright shade in 2017 , they were perhaps blinding 300 years ago — or could they care less ? What we do know is that the garments speak volumes , and mean even more . Yes , historians have Pinckney 's letters ( she was a prolific communicator ) , but to have this tangible , strikingly beautiful fabric that once touched this history-making figure — that 's something else entirely .
The sack back gown , which was originally donated to the Museum by the Pinckney family in 1940 — with a deep V for a stomacher and matching petticoats — returns to the Charleston Museum after a nearly year-long conservation process , or , rather , conservation journey . In May 2016 , Loreen Finkelstein , a Virginia-based textile curator who is also credited with helping to restore George Washington 's Revolutionary War tent , picked up the gown and transported it in their own car to their Williamsburg studio .
Finkelstein spent hundreds of hours restoring the dress which had been worn by Pinckney and multiple family members ; they overlaid the damaged sections with `` stable text , '' dyed fabric to match the centuries-old shade , and used steam and carefully placed stones to release the creases in the oh-so-delicate silk . The goal of conservation is not to make the dress look new — the dress looks like it 's seen a few seasons — but to make it strong enough to be put on display for short periods of time . The Eliza Lucas Pinckney chapter of the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution spearheaded the Pinckney Project , helping to raise more than $ 23,000 for the conservation of the dress . Pinckney Project chairperson Jill Templeton notes the significance of this endeavor : `` Besides the obvious importance to textile and fashion historians , garments like these can give hints to the industry and trade of the era . As no portrait of Eliza Lucas Pinckney is known to exist , this particular piece helps to build a tangible image of the woman behind the gown. ``
The Museum 's curator of historic textiles Jan Hiester beams when they discuss the story of this relic : `` My assistant Nikki Ohlandt and I drove to Virginia to pick up the dress ; we never let it out of our sight ... it is so exciting that this rare and significant dress , while still fragile , will at last be strong enough for temporary exhibitions . ''
The doors unlock for a limited public viewing March 7-16 .
A former career instructor for the Eagle Mountain-Saginaw school district has been jailed in Las Vegas over allegations that they had sex with a student at their Fort Worth home last month .
Fort Worth police began investigating Pablo Parravicini , 34 , last month after two students told a Chisholm High School teacher that the alleged victim had gone to Parravicini 's house and had sex with him .
The student 's mother also notified the school about the alleged sexual encounter , according to an arrest warrant affidavit .
Parravicini was hired by the Eagle Mountain-Saginaw school district in June 2016 and resigned last month after the allegations arose .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
They were arrested last week in Las Vegas on a warrant alleging an improper relationship between an educator and a student , a second-degree felony . They were being held Monday in the Clark County Jail without bond , jail records show .
Parravicini worked as an instructor in the school district 's Emergency Medical Technician program , which is listed under the school district 's career and technology education program and operates out of the Hollenstein Career and Technology Center .
They were also a CrossFit instructor .
Parravicini also worked at MedStar , the area EMS agency , from June 2011 to August 2016 , when they left voluntarily , according to MedStar spokesperson Matt Zavadsky .
`` As soon as we became aware of the allegations , they were asked to report to Human Resources and they resigned upon initial questioning , '' Eagle Mountain-Saginaw ISD communications director Megan Overman said in a statement Monday afternoon . `` We reported the allegation to local authorities and the State Board for Educator Certification ( SBEC ) , and have cooperated fully with both agencies . ''
The alleged victim told Fort Worth police that Parravicini had been inviting them to their Fort Worth home since late January to drink alcohol and hang out , the affidavit states .
The teen told police that they went to their home on Feb. 2 and that the two began kissing and had sex .
The girl later told a forensic interviewer that Parravicini told her , `` If you tell anyone , I 'll go to jail . ''
That same night , the girl told their mother what had happened , the affidavit states .
When questioned by school officials , the girl initially denied having sex with the teacher .
`` The victim stated that they initially denied having sex with the suspect to the school because the suspect said they would kill themselves if they told , they felt guilty and that they did n't want their friends to find out , '' V. Coronado , a detective with the crimes against children unit , wrote in the affidavit .
During an administrative investigation , Parravicini provided a written statement admitting that they had texted the teen , allowed them into their home on Feb. 2 , and had hugged them
Deanna Boyd : 817-390-7655 , @ deannaboyd
While this weekend 's wintery wallop may have snowmobilers revving their engines again , many trails across Grey-Bruce remain closed .
But the good news for snowmobilers in the region was that trails have started to open again after last month 's thaw closed them all down across the region . As of noon on Saturday some trails had opened on the northern portion of the Bruce Peninsula .
“ The only riding opportunities we thought that would be available in District 9 for the weekend was in the Tobermory area , ” said Karen Buratynski , manager of Ontario Federation of Snowmobile Clubs District 9 , which includes all of Grey-Bruce . “ Since then we have also had the Central Peninsula Club able to open most of their trails . ”
With the new openings , which came in about 7 a.m. on Saturday , sledders can now ride from Howdenvale north on the west side of the peninsula and from Waugh Road north on the east side . They can also get into Lion 's Head . And there will hopefully be some more good news for snowmobilers in the region in the near future .
“ I have also had notification from clubs in and around there that they are going to be able to get out and start to groom , ” Buratynski said .
The weather conditions in recent days , with very cold temperatures and a return of the snowfall , have been a big help to the trails and the clubs who maintain them . But Buratynski said people see the snow and the whiteouts , like Grey-Bruce has seen in recent days , and they think the trails should be open , but there are more factors that go into getting the trails ready .
“ We need the cold to go with the snow in order to freeze everything up , ” said Buratynski . “ We also need actual snowfall , and what we often get unfortunately is snow in the sky that is blowing around , which causes whiteouts , but also does n't settle or amount to anything on the trail . ”
Buratynski said the clubs require cold temperatures , accumulation and little wind , so that the snow can be groomed in order to create a base on the trails .
The reason the trails on the peninsula have been able to open again so soon after the warmer temperatures , is because many of them are through protected or forested areas , and did not get the weathering that trails that crossed fields and open areas did .
“ Although they got the rain and the warmth it did n't penetrate the bush trails as much as those that were completely exposed , ” said Buratynski . “ They were able to get to work right away and reopen , while some of the other clubs are just going to have to wait a little bit longer because the base needs to be completely rebuilt through fields . ”
The long-range forecast was looking promising for cold-weather activities in the region . After a bit of a warm-up to a high of -1 Celcius on Saturday , all of next week had forecasted daytime highs of -7 C or colder . And there was a chance of snow each day as well .
“ Long-range looks amazing , ” said Buratynski . “ If it continues to go as forecasted we are going to have a really great season . ”
This year , District 9 includes approximately 2,900 kilometres of trails across all of Grey-Bruce , as well as the northern parts of Huron , Perth and Wellington counties .
Snowmobilers are urged to check the map on the OFSC website at www.ofsc.on.ca before they head out to see which trails are open . During the snowmobiling season the site is updated whenever trail status changes , including on the weekends .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
The Step Up Oklahoma coalition has ended talks with The Wind Coalition , citing concerns that wind lobbyists were undermining efforts to solve the state 's budget crisis , according to a letter published Friday evening .
The group of business and civic leaders pushing this package , Step Up Oklahoma , sent a scathing letter to Jeffrey Clark , President of The Wind Coalition , ending negotiations with them , due to being , `` purposefully misled . ''
The revenue side of the proposal includes increases in the state 's tobacco tax , fuel tax , gross production tax on oil and natural gas , and , for the first time , a tax on wind energy production . The published proposal calls for a tax of $ 1 per megawatt hour , which is estimated to provide $ 23 million in new revenue to the state in the tax 's first full year .
Step Up leaders say they 'd been meeting with wind industry leaders , at their request , to listen to their concerns and potentially agree on a revenue option more agreeable to them .
But in the letter , Step Up says it discovered the wind industry had its lobbyists trying to derail the plan at the same time .
`` All the while we were meeting with you and your organization , '' the letter states , `` you were executing a stealth campaign with the media to undermine our efforts to help the State of Oklahoma through Step Up Oklahoma . ''
News 9 has reached out to Mr. Clark , but as of this publication , has not heard anything back .
Step Up leaders say , while this has taken up valuable time , work on writing the actual bills has continued . Multiple sources say lawmakers could be asked to vote on the legislation by the end of next week , the first week of session .
In an interview earlier this week , House Speaker Charles McCall , said the revenue-raising measures would be in one bill , the reforms in separate bills .
`` And that 's to make sure it passes constitutional muster with the courts , '' said Rep. McCall . `` On a package like this , you do n't want to pass something and it to be overturned because it was not structured properly , or deemed to be log-rolling . ''
Aug 12 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the Motorcycling Grand Prix Austria Moto3 Qualification on Saturday 1 . Gabriel Rodrigo ( Argentina ) KTM 1:36.503 2 . Juanfran Guevara ( Spain ) KTM 1:36.615 3 . Aron Canet ( Spain ) Honda 1:36.690 4 . Enea Bastianini ( Italy ) Honda 1:36.716 5 . John McPhee ( Britain ) Honda 1:36.790 6 . Bo Bendsneyder ( Netherlands ) KTM 1:36.793 7 . Andrea Migno ( Italy ) KTM 1:36.811 8 . Philipp OEttl ( Germany ) KTM 1:36.955 9 . Fabio Di Giannantonio ( Italy ) Honda 1:36.967 10 . Joan Mir ( Spain ) Honda 1:36.989
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Facebook shares fell more than 6 percent in morning trading as the social media company faced criticism following reports that a data mining company working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and kept data on tens of millions of users during the 2016 election .
A former employee of Cambridge Analytica said Monday on NBC 's `` Today '' that the group identified voters who might be swayed and `` injected content '' that may or may not be true . Facebook said Friday that it had suspended Cambridge while it investigates .
Facebook shares sank $ 12.03 in morning trading , putting the stock on pace for its biggest one-day fall since August 2012 and dragging down the rest of the technology sector . Alphabet , Google 's parent company , lost almost 3 percent and Microsoft fell almost 2 percent .
Watching a 15-year-old Iniesta in action in the Nike Cup , Guardiola turned to Xavi and said : `` You will retire me , but this kid will retire us both . ''
Well , he 's retired them all and will never be replaced .
Once in a lifetime player pic.twitter.com/tV5WD9hAOH
—File Photo
ISLAMABAD : Captain ( Retd ) Safdar , the son-in-law of PML-N chief Nawaz Sharif on Monday said Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf Chairman Imran Khan should face the same process of accountability that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and their family had already faced .
While talking to newsmen outside the accountability court here , Captain Safdar said , ” We are still appearing in the courts as we respect the rule of law and the constitution ” .
Terming Imran Khan as “ fake captain ” , they said “ I am a genuine military captain whereas Imran is a fake tracksuit captain ” .
Captain Safdar said if the PML-N political opponents had turned it into a political battle , no one can fight it better than PML-N . ”
In a lighter mood , they said , “ we played before and now it was turn of opponents to face courts , adding that “ we will not let Imran Khan to escape . ”
They further said Imran Khan never took the courts seriously . They said Imran Khan is dreaming to become prime minister in the general elections 2018 , however their dreams would never come true and they will stay on roads till 2030 . —APP
Officers responded at 12:11 a.m. Sunday to a call about shots fired in the area of 300 28th St. and found a residence that had been struck multiple times by gunfire , police said . They said Sanchez , who was sleeping in their bed , had been struck by a bullet and was taken to a hospital .
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A NEW craft ale bar in Nantwich has opened its doors to the public
Ebenezer 's Craft Beer Emporium , based on Castle Street in the town centre opened last Thursday .
The bar was at the centre of a controversial licensing appeal in the summer , but the owners Mark Consterdine and Peter Terry were succesful in obtaining a premises licence for the sale of alcohol , despite objections from a town centre resident .
Now the owners are preparing for opening night , with new bar manager Bill Beckett at the helm .
In a statement on behalf of themselves and Mr Terry , Mr Consterdine said : “ After what 's been a much longer development period than we had hoped , we are delighted to announce our bar on Castle Street in Nantwich will be open for business on Thursday December 7 .
“ We are also delighted to announce that we have employed Bill Beckett as our manager ; Bill has already been with us for five weeks and has proved themselves to be an invaluable member of the team . ”
The owners have promised that more than 230 different bottled beers and ciders will be available , and the shelves will be loaded with more than 1,200 bottles .
There will also be a selection of 20 gins and a range of Franklin 's mixers and tonics , as well as a range of rare unfiltered single malt whiskies for special occasions .
Mr Consterdine added : “ Most important to us is our selection of draft products , we will have 10 taps available and we are very excited about the selection of beers we 've made , there will always be new and interesting guest beers to try too . ”
Beer sampling paddles with three one third pint glasses will be available , as well as a selection of classic bar snacks and pie , with a platter option to accompany your beer sampler , and there will be outdoor seating too .
Mr Consterdine added : “ Our development was ambitious , from the flooring we 've installed to the old chapel window we 've reinstated , but the most ambitious part has been the cellar and beer dispensary .
“ We have created a walk-in glass-fronted cellar at the back of the bar , so you can see what 's going on back there and you can see the short distance the beer travels from the keg or cask to your glass !
“ We really ca n't wait to get our bar open and welcome you in for a drink and hope you can join us soon . ”
The bar will eventually be open seven days a week , but initial trading hours are : Tuesday , 7-10pm ; and Thursday to Sunday , 12.30-10pm .
Whilst sat enjoying the late night view on the cameras , i was very surprised to see a bright light shoot across the screen.Considering tonight is a very bright full moon we do n't often see much of the night sky.The following video will give you your own chance to make your mind up as to whether this is another meteor or just a vert bright shooting star .
There is an opioid crisis in Colorado and across the nation . Colorado , and especially southern Colorado , has seen an increase in use and abuse of opioids . Traditionally , when we hear the word opioid we think of the “ junkie , ” but that 's not where it ends or begins .
With the rise in use and abuse , we see a rise in crime and opioid-related deaths . The use and abuse can be attributed to many things including cost , over prescribing and especially mental illness . As with other drugs that are abused , there are all of the negatives that follow , and our communities are seeing it firsthand . Our law enforcement agencies are overwhelmed , our hospitals must cope and we see a rise in crime rates . All of which beg the question , “ What is being done ? ”
I am so pleased that the conversations on this issue are finally being had , it 's an issue that impacts us all , and that conversation is finally occurring in a bipartisan fashion at the Colorado state Capitol this legislative session . It 's meaningful and is some of the good work that is being done on behalf of the people of Colorado in a way that will make a difference .
I 'm thankful to Rep. Daneya Esgar and Sen. Leroy Garcia for Senate Bill 17-074 . This bill creates the medication-assisted treatment ( MAT ) expansion pilot program , administered by the University of Colorado College of Nursing . The pilot program will provide grants to community and office based practices , behavioral health organizations and substance abuse treatment organizations . So when you hear of partisan bickering at the Capitol , rest assured , your Pueblo delegation can and will come together when and where we can have a positive impact on issues like opioid abuse in southern Colorado , and especially in Pueblo County .
Of course , there is a cost associated with this type of program , and it 's not cheap , but what price do we place on the health and safety of our communities ? The financing for this pilot program will come from the Marijuana Tax Cash Fund , and while there is no data that I 've seen that definitively states the legalization of marijuana in Colorado has caused the rise in opioid abuse , this seems like the perfect place to take dollars from to fund such a pilot program . Treatment beats incarceration where costs are concerned , and the taxpayer of Colorado can and will benefit from this legislation . I 'm especially pleased that this strategy will address mental illness , an issue dear to my heart .
So while we may battle about the budget or the size of government , we come together when it matters , and I for one will be signing on as a co-sponsor of this legislation , and I thank my colleagues for their thorough and thoughtful presentation of this bill . There are a few other bills that seek to curve opioid abuse , but this bill really hits at the heart of the matter . Treatment works , and when it works well , we see a stronger and healthier community , and that is what we are all looking for . Thank you , Rep. Esgar and Sen. Garcia . I stand with you on this legislation , and I look forward to its passage and signing by our governor . This , quite simply , is good work that offers a solution that we can all agree upon .
DAVIDSONVILLE , Md . - A cow had to be rescued by firefighters after they had a hard time 'mooooving ' on Tuesday .
The cow reportedly fell into a pool in the 3800 block of Birdsville Road and could n't get out . It took multiple crews , and the homeowners , about an hour and a half to create make-shift stairs made out of cinderblocks to get the cow out of the pool .
But as soon as they were out , they were unable to get up on their own . Crews tried multiple things to get them up , with no luck . Eventually , they built a harness made out of fire hoses to lift them with a tractor and move them to a pasture .
At last , they were able to stand on their own and be free .
Officials say it took around three hours total to get the cow out of the pool and move them
Kenilworth was among the many places across the country to be covered with several inches of snow on Sunday ( December 10 ) , and residents made the most of it .
Plenty of snowmen popped up around the town , and Abbey Fields was the place for many families to try out their sledging skills .
Some of Kenilworth 's creations even made it to national news - a snowman , polar bear and dog were featured on BBC Breakfast 's weather forecast at 6.30am today ( Monday December 11 ) .
The weather has also forced several of Kenilworth 's schools to close today .
Could this be Kenilworth 's largest snowman ? Photo : Nic Erskine
A polar bear , snowman and snowdog watching on - the photo made BBC Breakfast 's weather forecast this morning . Photo : Fraser Pithie
Dalehouse Lane looking very wintry . Photo : Fraser Pithie
A few brave drivers tried passing the A46 yesterday . This is the view from the Stoneleigh junction . Photo : Fraser Pithie
Burton Green could n't avoid the snow either . Photo : Fraser Pithie
Leicester 's Gatehouse at Kenilworth Castle . Photo : Simon Beaumont
The owner of an old sports car having a bit of fun by Abbey Fields . Photo : Craig McDougall
The snow coming down with Kenilworth Castle in the background . Photo : Steven Barnett
© Saul Loeb / AFP
Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright on Sunday called President Trump the `` most undemocratic president in modern American history . `` Albright made the comments on BBC while being questioned about Trump 's strategies as a political leader and if they could be described as a `` fascist . `` `` I do n't think President Trump is a fascist , '' Albright said on `` The Andrew Marr Show . '' `` I do think he 's the most undemocratic president in modern American history . That troubles me . `` By the way , it 's not easy as a former diplomat to be in a foreign country and criticize one 's own president . But I am concerned . `` Albright later elaborates that they do not view Trump as a `` fascist '' because that would mean the president uses violence to achieve their goals . But they added that their attitude toward the media is a cause for concern . `` I think their attitude towards freedom of speech , and the role of the media and their disregard for institutions , that worries me , '' Albright said.Albright , who served as secretary of State from 1997-2001 , has continually criticized Trump throughout their presidency , and recently said that their administration 's immigration policies were `` un-American and appalling . `` She railed against Trump for their rhetoric regarding immigrants last month , tweeting that `` immigrants , legal or not , are people who want to improve their lives . To refer to them as animals or insects is to foster hate . ''
ISLAMABAD : Supreme Court ( SC ) on Tuesday , wrapping up the substandard medical stents case , directed the government and private hospitals to follow the committee 's recommendations and submit a report after the implementation of orders in three months .
On February 26 , a committee comprising senior doctors informed the Supreme Court ( SC ) that the cost of implanting heart stents can be reduced to Rs 0.1 million from Rs 0.3 million .
While heading a three-member bench , Chief Justice of Pakistan ( CJP ) Mian Saqib Nisar praised the recommendations by the committee and called them quite ‘ comprehensive ' . “ Private and government hospitals must submit the report after 90 days to SC registrar , ” the chief justice remarked .
Replying a query about the companies making fake medicine , the committee head Dr Azhar Kiani told the top court such companies will be monitored closely .
About the cost of the monthly prescription for a heart patient , Kiani told the bench that it can cost Rs 500 to Rs 1400 . Upon this , the apex court asked the doctor to provide it with a prescription for sugar , blood pressure , and heart disease .
Last year , the chief justice took suo motu notice over reports that some hospitals in Lahore are either recommending stents unnecessarily or charging patients up to Rs 180,000 , which actually cost no more than few thousand rupees . It was also reported that in some cases , stents were not even implanted in the patients and they were charged for fake angioplasties .
click to enlarge
Did you know that waxers ( verb or not , we 're usin ' it ) have a name for their profession ? They 're called cerologists and they know everything there is to know about the art of waxing.So , if you 've been on the hunt for a new spot to get smooth , head to Waxing the City ( located at 905 Houston Northcutt Blvd . ) this Sat . Feb. 18 from 9 a.m.-6 p.m. to celebrate the franchise 's first Lowcountry location.Guests will receive 50 percent off of their first service . And if you reserve a spot before Saturday you 'll also receive a $ 10 gift card . Woo hoo . Call the studio at ( 843 ) 207-4095 or book online .
The coach had little to add about Folk 's future on Friday , shrugging off a question about impending plans to work out other kickers .
`` I 'm really not sure where that stands , '' Koetter said .
Folk was signed last March to compete with Aguayo after the 2016 second-round draft pick struggled as a rookie .
One of the best kickers in college football history at Florida State , Aguayo went 22 of 31 on field goal also missed two extra points last season .
Folk , who won the job in training camp , is six of 11 on field goals and eight of 10 of extra points through four games .
`` I 've said this many times — whoever our guys are , I have total confidence in them , '' Koetter said of the decision to go with Folk over Aguayo , who was released in August .
`` I think Nick was kicking very well up until a week ago . They a rough day against the Giants , '' the coach added . `` He came back , the one day we kicked in practice ( before the New England game ) , they kicked very well . We had no reason to think Nick was n't going to kick well last night . ''
After playing twice in five days , players will have the weekend and Monday off before returning to work on Tuesday .
`` I 'll probably get away , hang out with my wife and kids , '' Folk said . `` That 's all you can really do right now . ''
The kicker said they had not yet watched film of Thursday night 's misses , but that they will at some point .
`` You have to be able to evaluate yourself , look at it and improve , '' Folk said , adding that when practice resumes that he 'll `` get back out there and keep going . ''
`` That 's all you can do , '' they said .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
By Fred Goodall , The Associated Press
JERUSALEM ( AP ) — Israeli media is reporting that police are expected to question Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on a pair of corruption allegations .
A black screen was placed Monday in front of Netanyahu 's official residence in apparent anticipation of the police investigators ' arrival and to obstruct the view of journalists seeking to film them .
Netanyahu has denied what they call the “ baseless ” reports that they received gifts from two business people .
Israel 's Channel 2 TV has reported that Netanyahu accepted “ favors ” from business people in Israel and abroad . It said Netanyahu was the central suspect in a second investigation that also involves family members . It said a criminal probe is expected next week .
Advertisement
An opposition lawmaker is also campaigning for Netanyahu to be investigated over suspicions that donors improperly transferred money for their personal use .
Meteorologist Kevin Arnone :
Happy New Year to you and your family ! Another year is now is the books and it was a pretty quiet year here in Connecticut as far as the weather department is concerned . A year that did n't see much snow , a quiet severe weather season and pretty dry too . In fact , the biggest highlight was the drought , which was the worst drought since the 60s . Let 's recap this year starting with the shoreline !
SHORELINE :
( Keep in mind these stats date back since 1949 )
2016 was the second warmest year along the shoreline with an average temperature of 55.3 F which is 3 degrees above normal and .3 degrees below the record of 55.6 F from 2012 .
2016 was the 25th driest year here along the shoreline with 39.4″ of precip which was roughly 3.38″ below average . The record driest was from 1964 where only 23.03″ of precipitation fell .
From January 1st to December 31st 2016 , 32.6″ of snow fell which was 3.8″ above normal but nowhere 's near the record of 68.5″ from 2003
The warmest temperature in 2016 was on July 23rd when it hit 97F .
The coldest temperature in 2016 was on February 14th when it fell to -6F .
The wettest day in 2016 was August 16th when 1.91″ of rain fell .
INLAND :
( Keep in mind these stats date back since 1949 )
2016 was the fourth warmest year away from the water with an average temperature of 52.7 F which is 2.4 degrees above normal and 1 degree below the record of 53.7 F from 2012 .
2016 was the 5th driest year in inland CT with 32.7″ of precip which was roughly 12.26″ below average . The record driest was from 1949 where only 29.04″ of precipitation fell .
From January 1st to December 31st 2016 , 37.6″ of snow fell which was 9.6″ below normal and nowhere 's near the record of 88.2″ from 1967
The warmest temperature in 2016 was 99F and it happens twice . July 22nd and August 13th .
The coldest temperature in 2016 happen twice as well . February 14th and 15th when it fell to -12F .
The wettest day in 2016 was January 10th when 1.46″ of rain fell .
Meteorologist Kevin Arnone
Interact with me on Facebook or Twitter ! Send me a question on social media , and I 'll get back to you !
Staff Sgt . Tyrone Johnson , a 386th Expeditionary Force Support Squadron services journeyman , greets a diner at the Deserts Winds Dining Facility at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia Dec. 15 , 2016 . Johnson is known for their cheerful and enthusiastic greetings as they welcome diners to the Desert Winds each day . ( U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Andrew Park )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 12.14.2016 Date Posted : 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID : 3082896 VIRIN : 161215-F-CA297-001 Resolution : 4320x2880 Size : 1.17 MB Location : ( UNDISCLOSED LOCATION ) Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , From Gang Leader to Staff Sergeant : How one Airman overcame all odds to find success [ Image 1 of 20 ] , by SrA Andrew Park , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Director Armando Iannucci ( C ) says their film The Death of Stalin set in the 1950s holds true today .
Director Armando Iannucci ( C ) says their film The Death of Stalin set in the 1950s holds true today .
After Armando Iannucci screened their new film , The Death of Stalin , at the Sundance Film Festival they were approached by a woman crying heavy tears .
It was n't the reaction the creator of TV shows Veep and the Thick of It was expecting from their historical comedy , but dealing with the last days of a dictatorship was bound to bring up bad memories for some people .
`` I asked if they were OK and they said 'they 're tears of relief , this is my country ' , '' Iannucci told AAP .
`` She was from Zimbabwe and I think this was just the week after Mugabe left office , leaving the army to move in and tell them to leave , like at the end of the film , and they said 'this story , this has just happened in my country and we can now say things in public that we were too scared to say before ' . ''
What Iannucci is discovering since they released the film - based on the time before and after the death of Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin in 1953 - is that the story repeats both in real life and in popular culture .
`` It 's ancient this story , it 's like from ancient Rome and it 's The Godfather and Game Of Thrones , it 's all that , '' they said .
Even in the five months since the movie was first released in the UK , the writer/director says the film 's references have evolved along with real-life politics .
`` When it came out in the UK people were drawing parallels with Trump . Now people are making the parallel with Putin , '' they said .
The movie was made before the US election , but there was enough political unrest in the world for Iannucci to find relevance in the movie 's story , which was adapted from a French graphic novel of the same name .
`` I was kind of interested in that idea of dictatorship because things had been happening around Europe with Berlusconi and Putin , Erdoğan in Turkey ... there were these very authoritarian figures emerging through democracy , and then wanting to change the constitution so they could have even more power .
`` And then nationalist and extremist movements , new parties emerging , it all felt very unstable and uncertain so I suppose it 's no surprise that inevitably you end up with someone like Trump as well , '' they said .
The film , though , manages to find amazing moments of comedy in the power plays and squabbles between Stalin 's remaining cabinet members .
`` The events we were looking at were so crazy that in many ways the only way you can rationally respond to them is through comedy because they are absurd , '' they said .
`` There 's a madness to them and also horror as well . ''
* The Death Of Stalin opens in Australian cinemas from Thursday , March 29
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
Sarasota — The Sarasota County Sheriff 's Office arrested 21 people during an Operation Intercept V , an initiative to protect Sarasota County children from online predators .
The suspects , ranging in age from 22 to 58 , responded to internet-based ads , online apps or social media sites and engaged in sexually explicit written and verbal conversations , according to the Sarasota County Sheriff 's Office .
One of the suspects promised to stay with a 14-year-old child if they impregnated them while another agreed to have sex with who they believed was a 12-year-old . More than four of the men brought condoms and some offered to bring drugs . Several suspects sent explicit photos . They all traveled with the intent to have sex with a male or female child , according to deputies .
“ You would think the frequency of Internet predator operations here in Sarasota County and surrounding jurisdictions would reduce the number of criminals prowling online for the sole purpose of sexually exploiting children , ” said Sheriff Tom Knight . “ Unfortunately , for some reason , they still think it 's OK to disrupt our community and the children within it . Let this be a reminder for parents to stay cognizant of what their children are doing in this new age of technology . Remember to be a parent . It 's OK to ask questions . ”
The six-day operation resulted in 21 arrests .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
Former deputy prime minister Barnaby Joyce during Question Time in the House of Representatives at Parliament House . ( AAP Image/Mick Tsikas )
Former deputy prime minister Barnaby Joyce during Question Time in the House of Representatives at Parliament House . ( AAP Image/Mick Tsikas ) MICK TSIKAS
BARNABY JOYCE has got ta go .
What a liability the former deputy prime minister has become to the Nationals .
Their behaviour is becoming increasingly erratic and tawdry .
On the one hand , they invite media scrutiny of their life , and then on the other complains about the intrusion its had on their life .
You ca n't have it both ways .
Many Coalition ministers were ducking for cover when asked about them yesterday .
Barnaby has become an unwelcome distraction to the Federal Government which is still trying to sell the latest budget and convince voters Bill Shorten is unfit to run the country .
I feel for voters in the neighbouring electorate of New England .
They had just gotten over the by-election Barnaby needed after renouncing their links to New Zealand , when news broke that they were having an affair with a former staff member and they were pregnant with their child .
It 's unfortunate those details were not available at the time of the by-election , although the rumour mill around the affair was fairly strong .
How tacky is it that they should sell their story to the media now ?
And hypocritical when they are also saying the private lives of politicians should be protected and respected .
It does not work that way .
As soon as you choose to step into the public arena seeking popular election , your private life should come under scrutiny if its in the public interest .
How anyone thought they could hide the birth of a child , in this case , is beyond me .
And I think Barnaby should do the right thing and hand the reins of New England over to someone who 's not a walking , talking headline .
The initiative called Frauennotruf Münster is currently taking place in Münster , Germany . The idea was initially born in England , and lately adopted for Germany to improve the safety of girls and women in bars and night clubs .
From now on , when a woman is in trouble , they just has to approach a member of the staff and ask : `` Is Louise here ? '' The neutral code phrase is a secret way for a woman to say that they need help . It gives a signal to managers and employees of a bar or a night club to act in a corresponding way .
`` We know that during various celebrations or on their first dates women again and again have to face dangerous situations when they feel uncomfortable or threatened , and just do n't know how to get out of this situation . And then ‘ Louise is here ' is supposed to get involved , '' head of the organization to provide emergency assistance to women , Gerlinde Gröger , told Sputnik Germany .
© AFP 2016/ Markus Boehm / dpa ‘ Cologne-Style ' Attacks on Women Reported in Austria , Switzerland
According to her , the initiative `` is aimed at supporting girls and women so that they could quickly and quietly get help from the staff of bars and clubs . '' The employees and managers have already been given instructions on how to behave and help women in difficult situations .
The problem of women 's safety became especially evident in Germany during last year 's New Year 's celebrations . On 2016 New Year 's Eve , hundreds of women in Cologne were robbed , threatened and sexually assaulted by small groups of aggressive men , mostly of Arab and North African origin .
A total of 333 suspects have been identified with 87 being accused of sexual assault . However , the prosecutors said they had to close a lot of cases due to the lack of evidence or failure in funding of suspects .
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we 'll keep you up to speed !
Soldiers with the Japanese Ground Self Defense Force practice assault amphibious vehicle recovery in calm waters during Exercise Iron First 2017 aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton , Calif. , Feb 13 . The U.S. Marines taught the Japanese soldiers not only how to operate the AAVs but also AAV techniques and tactics . Iron Fist is an annual , bilateral training exercise where U.S. and Japanese service members train together and share techniques , tactics and procedure to improve their combined operational capabilities . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl . Alvin Pujols/ Released )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.13.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 19:21 Photo ID : 3165374 VIRIN : 170214-M-NM524-008 Resolution : 4903x3269 Size : 7.09 MB Location : MARINE CORPS BASE CAMP PENDLETON , CA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Warriors of the Sea train and teach in their element [ Image 1 of 7 ] , by Cpl Alvin Pujols , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Tarot reading has been about for centuries . The Tarot deck was earlier utilized for playing card games and was known as ‘ Triumph Cards ' . Tarot readings have been earlier completed behind closed doors as folks thought it was a tool utilised for evil . People get wrong tips when they see scary pictures on cards , like , Death or The Hanged Man . Get a lot more information about tarot readings Devon
Tarot reading is really an occult science that believes that the causes of all events in human life are genuinely internal and this internal understanding involves all the information of phenomenal manifestation , past , present and future . Throughout the reading , intuition is stimulated to evoke new insights helping you make better decisions about issues that logic can not deal with . It reveals private truths and insights you could not would like to acknowledge .
Tarot reading utilizes 78 tarot cards which are interpreted by way of symbolism and imagery . There are various different Tarot Decks and every single has one thing unique to offer the Tarot reader plus the client .
There are numerous free of charge tarot reading websites on the internet that you could log on to for guidance . Most claim to offer privacy , insight , a new outlook and fantastic virtual knowledge that will maintain you focussed and in touch along with your inner perception .
Simply because of particular misconceptions , persons think tarot readings are n't trustworthy . Those who never think in divine intervention , prefer to raise doubts on how a style of Cartomancy ( Art of fortune telling employing cards ) can assist men and women with their challenges .
Tarot reading has under no circumstances been about predicting the future . The reader merely makes use of her/his psychic abilities to gently guide you through your complications to arrive in the most effective solution for solution .
Clients wonder how genuine can No cost Tarot Reading on the web be . Properly , they 're as authentic as sitting across a table having a reader is . A number of people feel the tarot reader can get much better vibes when they touch the client 's hands and be a single using the divine . But that may be not so . When the Tarot reader is skilled , possessing innate psychic abilities , she/he will use their God 's present to reach out to you through the cards itself . They channel the power from the universe to supply answers and give the appropriate guidance . But you might want to follow some simple directions if you want to be guided properly .
Ahead of you draw out the cards , you must consider calmly about what ever you should ask , concentrate and decide on your cards to get in-depth advice .
When you connect having a Tarot reader on-line , the cards which you have drawn , is going to be analysed by the tarot reader to give you clarity and higher insight with the pros and cons in the path you might take at that juncture of life .
Superior No cost Tarot Reading web-sites give sophisticated , detailed readings and interpretations of every single card in every position . They shuffle actual Tarot cards every single day prior to uploading their order for the website . They also upload new spreads everyday for all of the readings . To place the clients mind at rest , they must supply them a cost-free reading . As soon as you will be happy with the outcome , you will be convinced of their trustworthiness .
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) - Texas Gov . Greg Abbott has suspended state law and called a special election in June to fill the seat vacated by Republican U.S. Rep. Blake Farenthold , who recently resigned following sexual harassment allegations .
Abbott 's Tuesday order schedules an election June 30 for a term expiring at the end of the year .
Farenthold 's seat was already being filled in November 's general election . But Abbott argued that was n't fast enough since Hurricane Harvey ravaged the district , which includes Corpus Christi , and evoked emergency powers to ensure it gets a congressional voice faster .
The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments about that same district Tuesday .
A lower court found that its boundaries as drawn by the Republican-controlled Legislature marginalized Hispanic voters . The high court could order them redrawn , if it agrees .
Two fishermen , Jason Elizondo Stab and Nicholas Long were fishing off San Luis Pass on Galveston Island . They caught a pregnant stingray , and it gave birth right in front of them on the pier . They threw mama and their babies back into the bay .
Black hair merchandise for natural hair are on the rise , and there is an abundance of remarkable new merchandise to benefit our hair . The time to go natural may possibly indeed by now ! Just check out your television screen . Almost each lady of color you see is “ going natural ” and sporting a spiffy hairstyle with dignity and glamor . I 've decided to join the ranks of a large number of black ladies all across America that have reduced off their permed hair . These two-strand twist styles or coils are fairly , but they take so much time . If the styles appear too difficult or you do not possess the time , right here can be a uncomplicated style for short natural hair you may put on that wo n't take extended at all to carry out on a daily basis . Get much more information about braids
Now that I 'm natural , I will show you a speedy wash and put on technique you can use to style your hair that 's convenient , appears excellent , and you never need to commit lots of time or revenue to have this style .
Right after I co-wash my hair , I apply a leave-in conditioner while my hair is still soaking wet . Next , I use a bottle of 1 component water , three components olive oil mixture and spritz my hair all over . Then , I use a fantastic new item that is certainly known as , “ Eco Styler Gel with Olive Oil. ” Retailer owners can barely hold it on their shelves . I apply as a lot or as little gel as I want and use a sizable toothed comb or perhaps a pick to fluff up my curls . The gel will define your natural curl pattern without you possessing to accomplish two-strand twisties or coils that are time-consuming . Also , you are going to notice the gel inside your hair will appear white , but at some point this can disappear as your hair dries . Your hair is not going to flake unless you try and comb via it immediately after it dries . You 'll be amazed at how fairly your natural curls appear , and you happen to be prepared to seize the day .
So as to retain this attractive style everyday , be certain your hair is soaking wet when styling . You do not must co-wash everyday , but just wet your hair beneath the facet making certain your hair is totally soaked , pretty lightly towel dry simply to do away with the drips , and then apply the merchandise I listed above . When you apply the gel when your hair is too dry , you will have far less curl definition and also the gel wo n't perform at the same time .
Valentine 's day is around the corner so men and women everywhere are racking their brains for the perfect present . Buying a gift for men though can be a stressful experience . Be it a birthday , celebration or personal milestone , many men and women find it difficult to figure out what their male friends or significant others want . That 's why TVF decided to perform a public service and ask the guys directly what they loved . So , the next time you 're running around to buy a gift for a man , just pick something from the list below and thank us later .
Watches : A watch can complete a man 's ensemble and quickly become a talking ( or bragging ) point at a party . If your man loves classics , a vintage HMT ( if you can find one ) with a metal strap should be your brand of choice . For fun-loving guys , try a Swatch watch with a pop-coloured leather strap or even a watch with Swarovski crystal studded dials from a variety of watchmakers . Fossil 's unconventional dials will delight a creative or artistic soul . Alternatively , the G-shock collection by Casio is reasonably priced , waterproof and perfect for those who love adventure sports . If your man is a fitness enthusiast , surprise them with an excellent fitness band from GoQii .
Image Credits : Pexels
Whisky : A well stocked bar is every man 's pride and joy . Whisky , especially scotch is an extremely popular gift with men . It is a gift that can be displayed with pride and shared on occasions with friends and family . Scotch is any whisky ( single malt or blended ) that comes from Scotland , is usually aged for at least three years ( often more ) and distilled twice . Each region in Scotland produces whisky with a distinct flavor . Spirits from Islay , like Laphroaig , tend to have a strong peat flavor while single malts from Speyside tend to be lighter and sweeter . Connoisseurs will sing praises of the golden colour of blends like Johnny Walker or Black and White , and the smoky taste of Scotch whiskies like Black Dog . If your partner is truly mad about malts , go the whole hog and surprise them with a malt tour in Scotland - the ultimate whisky experience .
Image Credit : Pexels
Jackets : For a more personal touch , a jacket can be quite an apt gift . A romantic-at-heart will love a traditional bandhgala while bike enthusiasts swear by their weather-worn leather jackets . Blazers are great day-to-night apparel , looking perfectly at home in the office or in a bar . You 'll be spoilt for choice when it comes to brands and designers : high street labels like Blackberry 's and Zara offer trendy outerwear at affordable prices . Custom made jackets like the ones from Raymond 's Made-To-Measure collection or the Bombay Shirt Company are also a great option , if you really want to get creative with the design .
Sunglasses : If your friend is a globetrotter , a smart pair of shades will delight them like nothing else . Whether they are sunbathing in the Maldives , chasing zebras in Tanzania or skiing in Courchevel , this travel accessory adds an instant glam quotient to almost every type of holiday . Recent sunglass trends have been a major throwback to retro shapes inspired from Hollywood films like Tom Cruise 's aviators from Top Gun , Steve McQueen 's Persols from The Thomas Crown Affair or the wayfarers sported by the lead actors in The Blues Brothers . You 'll find many variations at high street brands like H & M and Diesel but if you can stretch the budget , pick up a good quality pair from Burberry or Louis Vuitton . Better yet , buy a unisex design that you can borrow when your heart desires !
Image Credits : Pexels
Headphones : Most guys love their music , whether their choice of genre is soft rock , hard metal or folk fusion . So , it makes sense that headphones are on the list of the most popular gifts loved by men . Make sure you know what you 're looking for when it comes to buying headphones . For style combined with comfort , Skull Candy headphones come in a fun palette of colours . For amazing sound quality and pumping bass , you can opt for Shure or Sennheiser ; they may look basic but deliver on their audio capabilities . Audio-Technica headphones are also gaining a cult following among audiophiles for their excellent sound clarity . If your man listens to music while working out , get the Jabra Sports in-ear headphones which are made for the gym . Though it feels pragmatic , this gift will be treasured by all music lovers .
So , take a pick from this list and the guy you gift will be indebted to you for life ! For more great gifting ideas , see here .
This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of LiveInStyle and not by the Scroll editorial team .
© Manuel Balce Ceneta
Sen. Lindsey Graham warned Sunday `` it would be the beginning of the end '' of President 's Trump 's presidency if they fired special counsel Robert Mueller . `` As I said before , if they tried to do that , that would be the beginning of the end of their presidency , '' Graham , R-S.C. , said on CNN 's `` State of the Union . `` Graham added Mueller is doing a `` good job '' and there is no legitimate cause to fire him . `` The only reason Mr. Mueller could ever be dismissed is for cause , '' Graham said . `` I see no cause when it comes to Mr. Mueller . I pledge to the American people , as a Republican , to make sure that Mr. Mueller can continue to do their job without any interference . He 's doing a good job . `` Mueller is also probing whether the Trump campaign collaborated with Russia , and if the president has obstructed justice in trying to impede the probe.Trump has escalated their attacks on the Russia probe after Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired Andrew McCabe as deputy director of the FBI.McCabe was among the first FBI officials to be involved in investigating possible links between Russia and the Trump campaign . `` We owe it to the average American to have a hearing in the Judiciary Committee for Mr . Sessions to come forward with whatever documentation they have about the firing and give Mr. McCabe a chance to defend himself , '' Graham said . `` When it comes to this issue , we need as much transparency as possible and make sure it [ McCabe 's firing ] was n't politically motivated . ''
A settlement has been hammered out by lawyers for Plainview streaming company NeuLion Inc. , the UFC and the pay-per-view purchasers who faced technical problems while trying to view the Mayweather-McGregor fight in August , according to court documents .
The deal , which settles a class-action suit and requires final approval by the U.S. District Court in Nevada , comes about a month after NeuLion agreed to be acquired by Endeavor , a closely held Beverly Hills entertainment company , for $ 250 million cash .
Endeavor also owns Las Vegas-based UFC , also known as the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
The agreement provides tiered refunds ranging from $ 25 for those who missed a portion of the preliminary bouts to $ 99.99 for fans who missed more than 5 minutes of the main bout between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor .
The settlement also provides one to three months of free access to UFC Fight Pass or a $ 5 cash payment as compensation for viewing party expenses . Compensation for party expenses would be available to all purchasers , including those who had received earlier refunds from UFC and NeuLion .
Lawyers representing UFC , NeuLion and streaming purchasers declined to speak on the record , citing clauses in the settlement agreement .
Some of the roughly 275,000 streaming viewers of the Mayweather-McGregor bout in the United States suffered outages after buying access on the UFC.TV website , the UFC mobile app , Apple TV , Microsoft Xbox , Amazon Fire TV and other devices .
That technical issue prompted bout sponsor UFC and NeuLion to begin offering refunds soon after the event to almost 100,000 viewers .
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter ! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Purchasers have until June 8 to raise objections to the agreement , and the court is scheduled to rule on final approval in July . The deadline to submit claim forms is Aug. 20 .
The boxing match lasted 10 rounds as Mayweather Jr. defeated mixed martial artist McGregor on a technical knockout .
Talk of a rematch has circulated in the media .
Photo : Anthony Behar / Sipa USA
By Hayden Wright
The holidays are a time for gathering with friends , family , and — if you 're Lady Gaga — the Haus of Gaga . The Joanne singer and their creative team celebrated Christmas with an array of “ naughty elf ” costumes this weekend . Gaga 's sister dressed up as Mrs. Claus and the “ Born This Way ” hitmaker dubbed themselves “ Mistress Claus . ”
Related : Lady Gaga Sends Prayers to California Wildfire Victims
Wearing long , pointy ears and a green bodysuit , Gaga merged the festive with the provocative . Them squad explored the theme in felt tree costumes , velvet capes and other campy fashions of the North Pole .
“ We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears ! ” Gaga captioned the Instagram album . The singer is currently on tour promoting Joanne and preparing for the 2018 release of the film A Star Is Born . It was recently announced that Gaga would use their given name—Stefani Germanotta—in credits for the film .
Gaga wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year , here :
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year ? # holiday # holidayparty # merrychristmas # happyholidays # naughty # nice # ladygaga # gaga A post shared by Lady Gaga ( @ ladygaga ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 9:17pm PST
Happy Holidays from the # HausOfGaga . We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears ! 🎄🎅🤶 # holiday # ladygaga # gaga # party photo by @ alex.j.dolan A post shared by Lady Gaga ( @ ladygaga ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 8:12pm PST
Data Protection Commissioner Irini Loizidou-Nicolaidou said on Saturday their office has reported several cases to the police concerning text messages sent from an election camp to voters of a party not participating in the runoff and of theft of voters ' lists .
Loizidou told state broadcaster CyBC that their office has received scores of reports from members of the public who said they had received text messages concerning Sunday 's runoff .
The commissioner said there was an upsurge in text messages on Friday evening .
They added that they also received reports that text messages have been sent to voters of a party that is not involved in the second round of the elections , as well as the theft of voters ' lists .
Loizidou said they forwarded these reports to the police , some of which are related to electronic crime .
Diko members reported that they received text messages urging them to vote for one or the other candidate . Τhe messages were reportedly sent by companies , but the sender 's number was not visible .
The party said they have reported this to the police and the data protection commissioner .
Loizidou on Friday urged camps and other groups to stop using personal details of members of the public without their consent as they are breaking the law .
After three days , the jury in entertainer Bill Cosby 's sex assault trial still has not reached a verdict .
Experts say that if jurors notify the judge they 're deadlocked , he 's likely to direct them to keep trying to come to a unanimous decision .
Judges also have the authority to remove a juror , but it would have to be for more than the fact that a juror simply refuses to join those in the majority .
The 79-year-old Cosby is facing three felony indecent assault charges that could put them in prison for the rest of their life .
Advertisement
He 's accused of drugging and assaulting a woman at their suburban Philadelphia estate in 2004 . They say the encounter was consensual .
Jurors have been deliberating for more than 27 hours since getting the case Monday . They 'll resume deliberations Thursday .
Long Beach City Council members unanimously approved a proposed nearly $ 95 million budget Wednesday night that carries an 8.35 percent tax hike for homeowners .
The five-member City Council approved the budget , reducing the original tax levy of 12.3 percent and lowering the average property tax increase to $ 276 from the proposed $ 400 hike .
Amendments approved by the City Council included cutting $ 526,000 in spending and trimming $ 93,000 in raises and salaries .
All management employee raises were removed , including a $ 25,000 raise for the city 's corporation counsel and a $ 50,000 secretary to labor relations salary .
The city also removed $ 50,000 in public works raises , $ 60,000 in police overtime and $ 126,000 in temporary employee salaries .
City Council president Anthony Eramo said Long Beach was looking to increase revenue related to the city 's sanitation schedule and may in the future propose adding parking meters .
“ Collectively we 've found there 's a balance and we want to give everyone the services they want , but we have to pay for those services , ” Eramo said . “ This budget maintains our services and standard of living without significant cuts . ”
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
They said the city did not accept any union concessions in the budget .
Property taxes in the budget were reduced by $ 1 million .
A majority vote against the budget would have put the 12.3 percent tax increase in place with the original proposed budget .
“ The council put in a lot of hours to get this number down , ” Councilman John Bendo said . “ It may not be what you like , but it 's what we have to do to move the city forward . ”
Council members also are considering a resolution next month to require organizers to pay up front for operational costs of hosting events in the city .
The budget includes an amendment for an additional $ 150,000 in fee increases and foreclosure registry income to the city and $ 225,000 in event cost reimbursements .
City officials have said that union employee salaries and benefits account for nearly half of the budget .
The other costly departments are Long Beach Police , fire department and city-operated day care . However the budget did not include any layoffs .
Residents have criticized the city for large payouts to current and former employees , but officials said the payouts did not contribute to the tax hike .
Next year 's budget includes plans to bond for $ 1.8 million in retiree and separation pay .
Officials said they have closed a $ 2.1 million gap in this year 's budget by finding money in old bonds and rolling over borrowing until next year .
Council members also voted for a $ 4 million capital improvement plan for next year , with reduced spending from previous years .
“ This is a sad night in the city of Long Beach . The residents have bailed out government with taxes and fees , ” Councilwoman Anissa Moore said . “ Tonight is a small drop in a bucket of fiscal mismanagement . ”
.
STOP BULLYING : The dangers of new technologies for young people concerns mental health agencies like headspace .
AN ONLINE tool which works by identifying cruel or intimidating language online is helping to decrease cyberbullying on social media websites .
The online tool Reword prompts users to reconsider their potentially hurtful message or social media posts in real time before hitting send .
Similar to grammar check functionality , a red line appears through inflammatory words to highlight bullying behaviour , encouraging online users to reconsider their choice of words .
The online tool Reword was a joint initiative between headspace , the National Youth Mental Health Foundation and communications agency Leo Burnett Melbourne , as a way to curb the more than 463,000 instances of cyberbullying among young Australians every year .
In Australia , 72 % of teens go online more than once a day , with 58 % accessing Facebook .
With this high number of young people accessing social media websites , Reword has been introduced to more than 250 schools across the country .
So far , more than 700,000 people have downloaded the tool .
Head of clinical practice at headspace Vikki Ryall said young people often acted negatively before thinking clearly about the consequences which could follow their posts .
`` Young people can act impulsively , not realising the effect their actions or words can have .
`` One of the last aspects of neurological development is the ability to moderate actions according to potential consequences , so this type of behaviour is not uncommon .
`` Reword 's success comes from asking young people to stop and think before acting , ” they said .
Currently , the tool is only available as a Google Chrome extension , so now the creators are asking for the public to help support a crowdfunding campaign to create a mobile application .
In turn , the app will support the 96 % of young people who access social media on their mobile devices .
To support the crowd- funding efforts visit igg.me/at/Reword .
Dreamz Infra Ventures has always been a crucial part of the activities that promote the cultural heritage of the city of Nawabs . Finding Lucknow Mahotsav an ideal opportunity , Dreamz Infra Ventures has set up stalls to promote the culturally rich history of Lucknow . The Fascinating capital of Uttar Pradesh , Lucknow has ever been associated with [ … ]
Washington : The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year , signalling its confidence in a growing US economy and strengthening job market .
In lifting its benchmark lending rate by a quarter percentage point to a target range of 1.00 percent to 1.25 percent and forecasting one more hike this year , the Fed seemed to largely brush off a recent run of mixed economic data .
The US central bank ` s rate-setting committee said the economy had continued to strengthen , job gains remained solid and indicated it viewed a recent softness in inflation as largely transitory .
The Fed also gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its USD 4.2 trillion portfolio of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities , most of which were purchased in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession .
It expects to begin the normalization of its balance sheet this year , gradually ramping up the pace . The plan , which would feature halting reinvestments of ever-larger amounts of maturing securities , did not specify the overall size of the reduction .
`` What I can tell you is that we anticipate reducing reserve balances and our overall balance sheet to levels appreciably below those seen in recent years but larger than before the financial crisis , '' Fed Chair Janet Yellen said in a press conference following the release of the Fed ` s policy statement .
They added that the balance sheet normalization could be put into effect `` relatively soon . ''
The initial cap for the reduction of the Fed ` s Treasuries holdings would be set at USD 6 billion per month , increasing by USD 6 billion increments every three months over a 12-month period until it reached USD 30 billion per month .
For agency debt and mortgage-backed securities , the cap will be USD 4 billion per month initially , rising by USD 4 billion at quarterly intervals over a year until it reached USD 20 billion per month .
US stocks edged lower and prices of US Treasuries pared gains after the Fed 's policy statement . The dollar was largely flat against a basket of currencies after reversing earlier losses , while the price of gold fell .
`` The Fed announcing an update to their reinvestment principles leaves September open ( for ) the start of balance sheet runoff , and the fact that they haven ` t slowed their projected path of rate hikes suggest they can do both balance sheet and rate hikes at the same time , '' said Gennadiy Goldberg , interest rate strategist at TD Securities .
EYES ON INFLATION
The Fed has now raised rates four times as part of a normalization of monetary policy that began in December 2015 . The central bank had pushed rates to near zero in response to the financial crisis .
Fed policymakers also released their latest set of quarterly economic forecasts , which showed only temporary concern about inflation and continued confidence about economic growth in the coming years .
They forecast US economic growth of 2.2 percent in 2017 , an increase from the previous projection in March . Inflation was expected to be at 1.7 percent by the end of this year , down from the 1.9 percent previously forecast .
A retreat in inflation over the past two months has caused jitters that the shortfall , if sustained , could alter the pace of future rate hikes . But the Fed maintained its forecast for three rate hikes next year .
The Fed ` s preferred measure of underlying inflation has retreated to 1.5 percent , from 1.8 percent earlier this year , and has run below the central bank ` s 2 percent target for more than five years .
Earlier on Wednesday , the Labor Department reported consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May , the second drop in three months .
Yellen indicated the Fed still remained confident inflation would rise to its target over the medium term , bolstered by what they described as a robust labour market that is continuing to strengthen .
The Fed ` s estimates for the unemployment rate by the end of this year moved down to 4.3 percent , the current level , and to 4.2 percent in 2018 , indicating the Fed believes the labour market will continue to tighten .
The median estimate of the long-run neutral rate , which is seen as the level of monetary policy that neither boosts nor slows the economy , was unchanged at 3.0 percent .
Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari dissented in Wednesday ` s decision .
OTTAWA - Canada 's envoy to the United States says they are embarrassed it is taking so long for Parliament to pass a new law that would pave the way for greater preclearance at the border .
U.S . Ambassador David MacNaughton said Wednesday they leaned on American lawmakers to pass a law that would allow passengers to be precleared at a greater number of airports to allow the speedy flow of people across the 49th parallel .
But Canada 's version of the bill has been before the House of Commons public safety committee for several months .
MacNaughton told the Senate foreign affairs and trade committee that they regularly get asked by Americans where the accompanying Canadian legislation is , and he 's embarrassed to say it is not ready .
MacNaughton said they exerted renewed pressure on MPs this week in Ottawa .
`` Please hurry it up , because I 'm a bit embarrassed . I leaned on the Americans so heavily and now they 're coming back and saying , 'Where 's yours ? ' '' MacNaughton said of their conversations .
Conservative Sen. Leo Housakos , who raised the issue , said the Senate would do its job more quickly .
`` I know the legislation is coming slowly from the House , '' said Housakos .
MacNaughton contrasted that with how they persuaded American legislators to move speedily .
`` We had a full court press on the U.S. before their recess at Christmas time , and it actually passed unanimously , '' the envoy said .
`` So they 're waiting for us . ''
Housakos replied : `` Well , if you can get it sent to the ( Senate committee ) , we 'll be happy to do the same thing . ''
At the moment , passengers flying to American cities through eight major Canadian airports can be precleared there by U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers .
That program is to be expanded to Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport and Quebec City 's Jean Lesage International Airport and for rail service in Montreal and Vancouver . In March , the two countries agreed to expand it to other , unspecified locations .
Some 400,000 travellers cross the Canada-U.S. border each day , and the preclearance plan is designed to speed that up and make it easier .
The House of Commons public safety committee has for months been studying the proposed legislation that would expand preclearance operations .
Under the bill , U.S. searches at preclearance facilities would be governed by Canadian law , including the Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
But the committee has heard concerns about the impact of the new program on privacy rights .
In a recent letter to the committee , privacy commissioner Daniel Therrien warned the recent pronouncements from the Trump administration could mean intrusive searches , including at preclearance facilities in Canada .
The concerns arose after the Wall Street Journal reported earlier this spring that visitors to the U.S. could be forced to provide cellphone contacts and social-media passwords .
`` It would appear that Canadians who wish to enter the U.S. will , at preclearance locations in Canada as well as at border points in the U.S. , have to face the difficult choice of either accepting a search without grounds or foregoing their wish to travel to the U.S. , '' said Therrien 's letter .
The government has said preclearance would strengthen security and prosperity while ensuring respect for the sovereignty of both countries .
As for the upcoming renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement , MacNaughton said speedy talks to modernize the agreement remain a possibility , but it is too soon to say whether that will happen .
They said the true picture of `` how complex '' the Americans want the negotiations to be will only emerge after their current 90-day consultation period ends in August .
`` We 'll see how much they want to put on the table , and how long those negotiations might take . ''
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican Pause
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams : Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
3:02 Look at the massive water flow of Feather River , Sacramento River and Lake Oroville
0:37 American Red Cross operates shelter at Cal Expo
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:58 Boy celebrates third birthday in evacuation shelter in Chico with help of CHP officers
1:16 Evacuees wait to return after Oroville Dam threat : 'This is not happening '
1:42 Water gushes at California 's Lake Oroville dam
Experts from across Europe are meeting at the Scottish Police College to discuss the emerging threats in intellectual property crime particularly the illegal use of Internet protocol television ( IPTV ) .
The illegal use of Internet protocol television has risen by 143 per cent in the past year and is predominantly being carried out online . This involves the uploading of streams , server hosting and sales of pre-configured devices .
The seminar being hosted at the Scottish Police College today ( April 18 , 2017 ) is for European industry experts including stakeholders from the public , private and third sectors . They are all committed to working with Law Enforcement Agencies to ensure we have the knowledge and capability to address this emerging threat . The conference is an opportunity to share ideas , knowledge and investigative techniques to address the issues of piracy across Scotland .
Issues being discussed include : the diverse nature of the criminality ; efforts by industry bodies to provide technical solutions to intellectual property criminality ; and the ever-changing business models adopted by organised criminal groups to diversify into this highly-profitable field .
Chief Inspector Mark Leonard , Police Scotland 's Safer Communities said : “ This event is an example of how we are responding to changing crime patterns . Through our partnership working approach with other Law Enforcement agencies and the private sector we are leading the way in the protection of intellectual property and committed to keeping people safe from internet-based criminality .
“ As part of Police Scotland 's ten-year strategy , Policing 2026 , we are committed to transforming the service and provide our officers with the knowledge and tools to investigate emerging digital crime trends . ”
Sanaa : Yemenis gathered Monday in the rebel-held capital to witness the putting to death of a man convicted of raping and killing a child , in the second such public execution in weeks .
Hussein al-Saket , 22 , was found guilty of abducting , raping and murdering a four-year-old girl , who they later buried , said Rajeh Ezzedine , a judge who attended the execution .
Ali Ayedh , the victim ` s uncle , said Saket `` took part in the search for the girl before being unmasked '' during the police investigation .
They said their public execution would act as a `` deterrent for criminals '' .
Saket was placed face down on Tahrir square in Sanaa , which the Shiite Huthi rebels have controlled since 2014 .
A police officer shot them dead through the back with five bullets aiming for the heart , before their body was strung up on the end of a crane .
On July 31 , another man was executed in the same square after being convicted of raping and murdering a three-year-old girl .
Both executions have been framed as an example of the Shiite rebels ` efforts to combat crime in their areas .
The Iran-backed Huthis have been locked in war with the Saudi-backed government of President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi for more than two years .
More than 8,300 people have been killed and millions displaced in the conflict , while some 2,000 have died of cholera since April .
The United Nations has described Yemen as `` the largest humanitarian crisis in the world , '' with 10 million civilians in acute need of life-saving aid as the country teeters on the edge of famine .
New Delhi : Shares of Unitech on Monday settled with gains of nearly 11 percent after the NCLT authorised the government to appoint its 10 nominees on the board of the realty firm .
During the day , the stock had surged 19.34 percent to touch an intra-day high of Rs 8.70 . At the end of today 's trading session , the stock was quoted at Rs 8.06 , up 10.56 percent on the BSE .
Similar movement was seen on the NSE as well where the stock opened at Rs 8.40 , then touched an intra-day high of Rs 8.70 and finally ended the day at Rs 8 , up 9.59 percent .
Today 's rally is the fourth consecutive one for the stock . On December 8 , the Unitech scrip had jumped 20 percent .
The National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ) had , on December 8 , suspended all the eight directors of Unitech over allegations of mismanagement and siphoning of funds , while authorising the government to appoint its 10 nominees on the board .
Meanwhile , the Supreme Court today agreed to hear tomorrow the appeal of Unitech Limited challenging the recent order of the National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ) directing the central government to take over the management of the embattled real estate firm .
The NCLT invoked the provisions of the Companies Act and allowed the central government to take over the Unitech and appoint its nominee directors in the board of the firm .
Senior advocate Ranjit Kumar , appearing for the company said the entire firm has been taken over by the government and its appeal be heard on an urgent basis .
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) - The Oklahoma Highway Patrol says six people have been killed on state roads in separate crashes .
Troopers say 76-year-old Tommie Ann Scott was killed Saturday in a crash east of Soper in Choctaw County .
Earlier Saturday , a three-vehicle crash near Ada in Pontotoc County left 53-year-old Richard L. Campbell , 51-year-old Timothy L.R . Campbell and 56-year-old Dathan R. Lane dead .
On Friday , two unidentified people were killed in a collision east of Okay in Wagoner County .
Scott and the two unidentified motorists were killed in single-vehicle wrecks .
In the Pontotoc County crash , troopers say Richard L. Campbell 's westbound pickup went left of center and collided head-on with Lane 's eastbound truck . Richard L. Campbell 's pickup overturned and struck a third vehicle . Timothy L.R . Campbell was pinned under wreckage for about three hours .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
A Gloucester shop could soon be banned from selling alcohol after being caught peddling illegal tobacco and ‘ psychoactive substances ' .
The licence held by newsagents One-Stop Shop in Southgate Street is being reviewed by the council after Trading Standards asked them to remove the firm 's licence .
The hearing , to be held on Thursday , will look at the reasons and evidence trading standards has gathered for wanting the body to act against the company .
In its submissions to the council , the body said the shop had been found with thousands of pounds worth of illegal tobacco and the various bits of paraphernalia to sell nitrous oxide , or laughing gas .
Its report said the shop has already undergone several test purchases , seizures and two prosecutions .
In their written evidence Stephen Hodges , financial investigator for Gloucestershire Trading Standards Service , said the extent of the sale of illegal tobacco within the city was widespread and profound .
“ Reliable intelligence reports suggests organised crime groups from outside the county have targeted areas within to operate their ‘ business ' , ” they said .
“ This business is extremely lucrative , estimated daily profit purely from the sale of illegal tobacco from a shop can reach in excess of £500 . ”
They added £1,500 worth of illegal tobacco was seized back in June , 2014 at the shop and then a further discovery worth £800 , along with 14 boxes of nitrous oxide , was made in July this year .
The body also claims the shop is failing to provide a CCTV system to record inside the store , which is part of its licence conditions .
It wants Gloucester City Council to revoke the licence as the body claims it is failing the first licensing objective of preventing crime and disorder .
The meeting will be held at North Warehouse at 6pm on Thursday , August 17 .
Gloucester City Council declined to comment on the upcoming hearing . One-Stop Shop has been approached for a comment .
BOSTON ( AP ) — Boston 's top cop has completed their first marathon since the 2013 bombings .
Police Commissioner William Evans returned to the storied marathon for the first time as a runner Monday . They crossed the finish line with a time of about 3 hours and 50 minutes .
It was Evan 's 19th time completing the race and their 52nd overall marathon .
Evans has been the city 's police commissioner since 2014 .
Advertisement
They had just completed the Boston Marathon in 2013 when two pressure cooker bombs detonated near the finish line , killing three people and injuring hundreds more . Evans played critical roles in the initial response , investigation and ensuing manhunt for the bombers .
Evan said Monday they were running in part to show people the race was “ back to normal . ”
NEW DELHI : Unhappy with Supreme Court 's outburst , senior lawyer Rajeev Dhawan on Monday said they have decided to quit court practice .
Dhawan has shot off a letter to Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra , saying 'after humiliating end to ( Delhi government vs Lt Governor power tussle ) case , I have decided to give up court practice ' .
Dhawan in their letter also told the Chief Justice : `` You are entitled to take back the Senior Gown conferred on me , though I would like to keep it for memory and service rendered . ''
Their reaction comes after some recent incidents of senior lawyers trying to outshout each other and allegedly attempting to browbeat judges during high-profile hearings on November 7 had irked the Supreme Court , which said shouting will `` not be tolerated at any cost '' .
A five-judge Constitution bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra , which was hearing a legal question whether a Parsi woman loses their religious identity after marrying a man of different religion , was upset over the growing incidents of senior lawyers arguing on a high pitch in cases like the Babri Masjid title suit and the Delhi-Centre disputes .
`` What happened yesterday ( November 6 ) ( in Delhi-Centre case ) was atrocious and what happened a day before ( in Ayodhya case ) was more atrocious , '' the bench , which also comprised Justices AK Sikri , AM Khanwilkar , DY Chandrachud and Ashok Bhushan , said .
Day before yesterday , several senior lawyers including Kapil Sibal , Rajeev Dhavan and Dushyant Dave had made high- pitched arguments in the Ayodhya case seeking adjournment of the hearing till July 2019 and some of them had even threatened to walk out .
New Delhi : Investors have pulled out over Rs 500 crore from gold exchange-traded funds ( ETFs ) in the April- November period of the current fiscal as they preferred equities , as per the latest data by mutual fund body Amfi .
Trading in gold ETF has been lukewarm in the previous four fiscals . It had witnessed an outflow of Rs 775 crore in 2016-17 , Rs 903 crore in 2015-16 , Rs 1,475 crore in 2014-15 and Rs 2,293 crore in 2013-14 .
On the other hand , equity and equity-linked savings scheme ( ELSS ) saw an infusion of over Rs 1.16 lakh crore during the first eight months of 2017-18 . This included an investment of over Rs 20,000 crore in the last month alone .
Stock markets have been on an upswing , touching new highs this year .
`` Lacklustre performance by real estate and gold , and low interest rates on traditional savings instruments have contributed in pushing investor flows into equities , '' Bajaj Capital CEO Rahul Parikh said .
Gold ETFs are passive investment instruments that are based on price movements and investments in physical gold .
`` While demand from India has traditionally buttressed gold prices globally , sound rally in the Indian equity markets has meant that gold as an asset class has not been favoured . A strong Indian equity market may mean a sober outlook for gold , '' Vidya Bala , head of MF Research at FundsIndia.Com said .
According to the latest data available with the Association of Mutual Funds in India ( Amfi ) , a net sum of Rs 511 crore was pulled out from 14 gold-linked ETFs during April-November period this year .
In comparison , a net amount of Rs 588 crore was withdrawn from the instrument in the year-ago period .
The outflow meant assets under management ( AUM ) of gold funds plunged by 10 percent to Rs 4,922 crore at November-end from Rs 5,480 crore at the end of March .
Withdrawal of Rs 66 crore was seen in April this year , Rs 71 crore in May , Rs 81 crore in June , Rs 38 crore in July , Rs 58 crore in August , Rs 74 crore in September , Rs 34 crore in October and another Rs 89 crore in November .
Facebook on Tuesday announced it was rolling out apps to allow people to view videos posted on the social network on connected televisions .
The new apps for Apple TV , Amazon 's Fire TV and Samsung Smart TV will provide a more convenient way for users of the social network to view videos on a large screen .
The move could be a small step toward what some reports say is a more ambitious video plan by Facebook to compete with Google-owned YouTube or even with streaming services such as Netflix .
For now , the apps will simply make it easier to view and share user-generated video .
“ Last year we rolled out the ability for you to stream videos from Facebook to your TV , and today 's announcement expands this capability , ” said a blog post from product manager Dana Sittler and engineering manager Alex Li .
“ With the app , you can watch videos shared by friends or pages you follow , top live videos from around the world , and recommended videos based on your interests . ”
Facebook said it expects the applications to roll our “ soon ” for users of Apple , Amazon and Samsung , with additional platforms likely to be added .
Facebook also said it was modifying video playback for users , with sound to play automatically unless users silence their devices .
-AFP
Thursday evening , Tyler police got reports of a vehicle that caused three separate accidents and fled the scene at all of them .
Someone followed the vehicle and suspected that the driver was intoxicated by the way they were driving .
A press release states that `` officers caught up to the vehicle at E. Erwin outside the Loop where they attempted to pull the suspect vehicle over . ''
The driver , Eugene Johnson , 36 , tried to get away by driving into the county and fleeing on foot . The police officers chased the suspect then took them into custody .
Johnson , who already had an extensive criminal history , was charged with three counts of leaving the scene of an accident , DWI with an open container , evading in a vehicle , and evading on foot .
The Tyler Police Department says that no injuries were reported in the hit and run collisions .
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All Rights Reserved .
Birla Carbon , an Aditya Birla Group Company , today announced the renaming of all of its entities worldwide to “ Birla Carbon ” . The name change leverages Birla Carbon 's leadership position around the globe .
Says Dr Santrupt Misra , Chief Executive Officer , Birla Carbon , “ This is a big moment in our long history , indeed a milestone . As a single global brand Birla Carbon will be even better recognized for its value offering around sustainability , innovation and global supply security . Adds Dr Misra , “ We recently launched the Birla Carbon Purpose – ‘ Share the Strength ' , across the organization . Bringing all the legal entities under Birla Carbon reinforces our Purpose . One Birla Carbon symbolizes global leadership as part of the Aditya Birla Group . ”
Comments John Loudermilk , Chief Operating Officer , Birla Carbon , “ While Birla Carbon is a well known brand with our partners , this is an exciting change to build on this brand value to ensure all constituents see the strength of One Birla Carbon no matter where we do business . As a single unified global brand in Carbon Black , it enables us to collaborate across all stakeholders and build a brighter future in the industries and communities we serve . ”
Birla Carbon is one of the world 's largest manufacturers and suppliers of high quality carbon black and a flagship business of the US $ 44.3 billion Aditya Birla Group . The Company 's footprint extends across 12 countries with 16 manufacturing facilities . Birla Carbon provides a complete portfolio of products across ASTM grades and specialty blacks to meet the specific end requirements across Tires , Rubber , Plastics , Coatings , Inks and other niche industries . The world 's leading companies are among its customers .
Birla Carbon has two state-of-the art technology centers at Marietta ( USA ) and Taloja ( India ) , besides well-equipped laboratories across its manufacturing units providing for continuous R & D . As an ardent practitioner of sustainable development , Birla Carbon 's Sustainable Operational Excellence ( SOE ) strategy focuses on employee safety , environmental flight attendantship , efficient use of carbon sources and a key focus on conducting operations in a socially and ethically responsible manner .
Annexure-1
List of entities that are renamed as Birla Carbon
USA : Columbian Chemicals Company – Birla Carbon U.S.A. , Inc .
Egypt : Alexandria Carbon Black Company S.A.E . – Birla Carbon Egypt S.A.E .
Italy : Columbian Carbon Europa S.R.L . – Birla Carbon Italy S.R.L .
Spain : Columbian Carbon Spain , S.L . – Birla Carbon Spain , S.L.U .
China : Columbian Chemicals ( Jining ) Co. Ltd. – Birla Carbon China ( Jining ) Co. Ltd .
Canada : Columbian Chemicals Canada Ltd. – Birla Carbon Canada Ltd .
Germany : Columbian Carbon Deutschland GmbH – Birla Carbon Europe GmbH
South Korea : Columbian Chemicals Korea Co. , Ltd. – Birla Carbon Korea Co. , Ltd .
China : Columbian Chemicals Weifang Co. , Ltd. – Birla Carbon China ( Weifang ) Co. , Ltd .
Hungary : Columbian Tiszai Carbon LLC – Birla Carbon Hungary Ltd
India : SKI Carbon Black ( India ) Private Limited – Birla Carbon India Private Limited ( Proposed )
Thailand : Thai Carbon Black Public Co. Ltd. – Birla Carbon Thailand Public Co. Ltd .
The Russell Center for Innovation & Entrepreneurship ( RCIE ) announces the hiring of James “ Jay ” Bailey as its President and CEO , effective March 2018 . Bailey joins RCIE with more than a decade of senior leadership experience in the non-profit and economic empowerment space . Most recently , Bailey founded one of the nation 's most innovative private equity firms , Greenwood Archer – dedicated to re-imagining the way America 's most under-served communities leverage assets , establish wealth , strengthen infrastructure and create jobs .
Before Greenwood Archer , Bailey served as CEO for the Southeastern Region of Operation HOPE , a global nonprofit organization focused on financial literacy . Under their leadership , Operation HOPE 's southeastern region grew from a single person operation in 2007 , to nineteen offices by 2015 , helping more than 160,000 youth , adults , and families start businesses , buy homes , raise credit scores and increase their financial dignity .
“ Growing up in Atlanta , Herman Russell was one of my greatest heroes , ” said Bailey . “ I am honored to have this opportunity to build on their incredible legacy , paving the way for the next generation of doers , innovators and job creators . Much more than another accelerator or incubator , we want RCIE to become the epicenter of economic advancement and entrepreneurship for underrepresented communities across the country , and it 's so fitting that it will evolve in the former H.J . Russell & Company headquarters at 504 Fair Street on Atlanta 's Westside . ”
An Atlanta native , Bailey has a proven track record of success . Recognized by three U.S. Presidents for their leadership and community efforts , Bailey was one of eight Americans honored at the White House in 2012 as a “ Champion of Change : Following in the Footsteps of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. ” They were also named to both the Atlanta Business Chronicle and Georgia Trend magazine 's “ 40 Under 40 Best and Brightest Leaders of the Future. ” Bailey is a graduate of Leadership Atlanta , Leadership Georgia and the ARC Regional Leadership Institute .
“ We are excited about Jay 's addition to the Russell Family . They bring the experience , passion and energy we believe necessary to lead the Russell Center for Innovation & Entrepreneurship from concept to reality , ” said Jerome Russell , President of H.J . Russell & Company and Chairman of the RCIE Board . “ The Russell Center will be a game changer for entrepreneurs in the city of Atlanta and beyond , connecting the next generation of revolutionary entrepreneurs to the tools and relationships needed to turn dreams into reality . ”
Boardwalk Consulting of Atlanta led the President and CEO search for RCIE .
About the Russell Center for Innovation & Entrepreneurship ( RCIE )
Currently in the development stages for a late 2018 opening , RCIE will house a 40,000-square foot , world-class , entrepreneurial innovation and leadership center located in Atlanta 's Historic Castleberry Hill industrial neighborhood . The mission of RCIE is to empower entrepreneurs and innovators to create , invent , and learn while being engaged and motivated to develop game-changing new ideas to promote economic empowerment . RCIE will be a collaborative , co-working ecosystem for both aspiring and experienced entrepreneurs , connecting a customized curriculum with corporate experience . RCIE will help foster and grow relationships between venture capitalists and Atlanta 's top entrepreneurial talent while honoring the legacy of Herman J. Russell by revitalizing the area with hub of innovation , imagination and opportunity for Atlanta 's entrepreneurs . For more about RCIE , visit http : //www.RCIE.org .
Todd Bowles was n't ready to commit to the return of Jeremy Kerley , who is eligible to return to the active roster this week after a four-game suspension for violating the NFL 's performance-enhancing drug policy .
Kerley was replaced by JoJo Natson on punt returns and by Chad Hansen and ArDarius Stewart at wideout .
“ Things we 're still discussing , ” Bowles said Monday . “ We have n't come up with that answer yet . ”
The Jets can clear a roster spot by placing quarterback Josh McCown on injured reserve because they will have season-ending surgery on their broken hand .
Bowles also did n't rule out signing another quarterback . The Jets also have an issue at long snapper because Thomas Hennessy suffered a concussion in Sunday 's loss to the Broncos . Hennessy must clear the concussion protocol to play Sunday against the Saints . The Jets used backup tight end Eric Tomlinson as long snapper with mixed results .
Bowles said the team has a plan in place if Hennessy is unavailable for the Saints game .
With the Jets ( 5-8 ) out of the playoff picture , it 's probably time to utilize younger , inexperienced players . Hansen and Stewart are 2017 draft picks who saw limited snaps on offense until Kerley 's suspension . It 's uncertain how much their return would impact them . Kerley is a sure-handed returner , but the Jets like the speed and elusiveness of Natson , who was promoted from the practice squad Nov. 11 .
Bowles said the majority of these questions will be answered by Wednesday 's practice .
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
n Running out the clock
The Jets did n't use any of their three timeouts when the Broncos had the ball with two minutes left in the first half .
The Jets got the ball with 32 seconds remaining and took a knee . Bowles said McCown was nicked up on the previous series , and they felt it was best to regroup , considering the Jets would get the ball to start the second half .
The 9-year-old boy was “ slobbering at the mouth ” in a 94-degree car Monday when a Good Samaritan got to him , according to police in Cleveland Heights , Ohio .
When they were discovered around 1 p.m. in a Home Depot parking lot , the boy had been sitting in the sweltering black Nissan Altima in direct sun for 15 to 20 minutes , according to police . The heat index that day hit 94 degrees , FOX 8 reports .
“ There 's a kid in the car , all of the windows are up , ” the Good Samaritan said in a 911 call , which was obtained by FOX . “ I got the alarm going 'cause I opened the door . ”
The 911 caller said they found the car 's rear driver-side door unlocked when they tried to open it . They also said that , when the child was still in the car , they appeared upset and maybe even unconscious or sick , WKYC reports .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“ I do n't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got their kid , ” the caller told dispatchers .
The caller and boy waited for police to arrive , WKYC reports . Police found the boy with their hair drenched in sweat , and their face `` extremely flushed. ” The boy was autistic and seemed “ confused about how to get out of the car , '' News 5 reports .
Paul Bayer , 65 Cleveland Heights Police
As police spoke to the boy , another officer went into the store looking for the child 's guardian . Soon 65-year-old Paul Bayer , the boyfriend of the child 's mother , ran out of the home improvement store , according to police . Bayer was arrested on child endangerment charges . They apologized for the incident .
`` Why did you leave them in the car again ? , '' police asked Bayer in bodycam footage obtained by FOX .
`` He got real quiet , ” Bayer responded , FOX reports . “ I forgot they were with me , I came here for a quick run and I forgot I had him . ''
The child was treated at the scene and their condition improved . Authorities then returned the child to their 36-year-old mother , News 5 reports . After they were booked , Bayer was released on bond , police said .
But before they were booked , Bayer may have had a heat incident of their own , police said : Bayer had to lie down in the backseat of the squad car , saying they needed a drink of water , Patch reports . Police said Bayer was flushed as well . Bayer eventually was able to sit upright , and was given water at the police station .
Bayer is a bankruptcy attorney , FOX reports .
Police said the incident is a reminder of the dangers of leaving children in hot cars — not to mention children with special needs .
“ The body temperature of a child left in a hot car can rise within minutes and this can lead to serious injury and possibly death , ” the Cleveland Heights Police Department wrote on Facebook .
Do n't forget to give yourself the fast AD FREE Whaleoil experience ! Click Here to subscribe to ad-free Whaleoil . ( You 'll be giving us a present too ! )
THE BODY SHOP MATTE LIPSTICK
Watson loved this lipstick — they wore it in Osaka Plum ! — which is made with community-traded Brazil nut oil and beeswax .
Buy It ! The Body Shop Matte Lipsitck in Sienna Rose , $ 12.50 ; thebodyshop.com
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 333 Hall of Famer Drew Pearson says the 2018 NFL Draft will be the best in history Pause 99 Who will the Cowboys draft in the first round ? Here are the players the pundits are predicting 85 Ron Jaworski on Dak Prescott 's `` down '' year 164 Super Bowl LII : Can this crocodile get revenge against the New England Patriots with their Super Bowl pick ? 103 Oakland Raiders react on 4th-down index card ruling 45 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers ' win over the Cowboys 36 Cowboys donate time , merch to Hurricane Harvey evacuees 247 Brad Sham 's top five players during the Jerry Jones era 70 Jerry Jones ' Hall of Fame journey 79 Stephen Jones says Cowboys QB Dak Prescott is committed to taking their game to another level Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
After the NFL released the renderings of what the 2018 NFL Draft will look like , Cowboys legend Drew Pearson told reporters that this will be the best draft in history . Lena Blietz lblietz @ star-telegram.com
After the NFL released the renderings of what the 2018 NFL Draft will look like , Cowboys legend Drew Pearson told reporters that this will be the best draft in history . Lena Blietz lblietz @ star-telegram.com
MAE SAI , Thailand — Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight , the Thai soccer teammates stranded for nearly two weeks in a partly flooded cave said in a video released Wednesday that they were healthy , as heavy rains forecast for later this week threatened to complicate plans to safely extract the boys .
The 12 boys and their coach are seen in the video sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave . The boys , many wrapped in foil warming blankets , take turns introducing themselves , pressing their hands together in a traditional Thai greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy .
The video , lasting about a minute , was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning . The navy later released two more videos of the boys .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23 . The teammates , who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , were found by rescue divers Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe .
Authorities said the boys , who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them , were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs , including medics , who were staying with them inside the cave . They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks .
In all of the videos , the boys appeared in good spirits . In the most recent video , a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment . Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL , who cracks jokes .
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of their family members , and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children .
Kian Kamluang , whose 16-year-old son , Pornchai , is in the cave , said they had thought there was a 50 percent chance that their son would be found .
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
`` It 's like they have been given a new life , '' they said , adding that she 'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again .
Those waiting for the boys to come out included a group of students who are friends with some of the boys trapped inside , who sang a song in front of the entrance to show their support .
Several religious figures have also shown up , the most popular being a famous Buddhist monk , Kruba Boonchum , who when they first visited the scene had predicted that the boys would be found this week .
They returned Wednesday to offer prayers for their safe rescue , and as measure of the respect in which they were held , was allowed access to the cave , which is generally off-limits to outsiders .
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave , since they 're safe where they are . The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive , which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous .
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing , some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route of narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered .
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing , but they do n't believe they have attempted any practice dives .
They said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted , but it is unlikely to be Wednesday .
`` If it 's risky or not safe , we will not proceed yet , '' Narongsak said . `` It has to be 100 percent safe . ''
They also said the boys and their coach may not all be extracted at the same time , depending on their health . They said authorities will evaluate their readiness each day and if there is any risk will not proceed .
Authorities said they were still exploring other options , such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from the cave .
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safest to simply supply the boys where they are for now , and wait for the water to go down . That could take months , however , given that Thailand 's rainy season typically lasts through October .
Experienced divers are wary of taking out the boys through the dark and dangerous waters still in the cave , especially since they are untrained .
`` We are talking kilometers of transport under the water with zero visibility , '' said Claus Rasmusen , a certified cave diving instructor based in Thailand who has been helping Thai SEAL team with logistics . `` It 's difficult . ''
They said it was awkward , but possible , to teach them minimal skills .
`` Nobody will teach anyone a full cave course , but trying to get them comfortable with masks , with the breathing , [ is ] completely different , '' they said . `` Creating an environment that can make them safely get away , that 's feasible . ''
`` I am resigning from the President 's American Manufacturing Council .
Our country 's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths , races , sexual orientations and political beliefs .
America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal .
As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience , I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ''
Andrew Liveris , The Dow Chemical Company
Bill Brown , Harris Corporation
Michael Dell , Dell Technologies
John Ferriola , Nucor Corporation
Jeff Fettig , Whirlpool Corporation
Mark Fields , Ford Motor Company
Ken Frazier , Merck & Co. , Inc .
Alex Gorsky , Johnson & Johnson
Greg Hayes , United Technologies Corp .
Marillyn Hewson , Lockheed Martin Corporation
Jeff Immelt , General Electric
Jim Kamsickas , Dana Inc .
Klaus Kleinfleld , Arconic
Brian Krzanich , Intel Corporation
Rich Kyle , The Timken Company
Thea Lee , AFL-CIO
Mario Longhi , U.S. Steel
Denise Morrison , Campbell Soup Company
Dennis Muilenburg , Boeing
Elon Musk , Tesla
Doug Oberhelman , Caterpillar
Scott Paul , Alliance for American Manufacturing
Kevin Plank , Under Armour
Michael Polk , Newell Brands
Mark Sutton , International Paper
Inge Thulin , 3M
Richard Trumka , AFL-CIO
Wendel Weeks , Corning
Merck CEO Ken Frazier has resigned from the President 's Manufacturing Council as afollowing Trump 's apparentStatement from Kenneth C. Frazier , chairperson and chief executive officer , Merck : Frazier 's comments were released via Twitter : Given the White House 's clarification this move seems more excuse than 'personal decision ' , but certainly offers up some serious virtue signaling . Who will be next to leave ? Here 's the full list of members on the new manufacturing council :
The stage is set for counting of votes for by-elections to four Lok Sabha and 10 Assembly constituencies . The Lok Sabha constituencies where counting would be conducted on Thursday are Kairana ( Uttar Pradesh ) , Bhandara-Gondia and Palghar ( Maharashtra ) and Nagaland parliamentary constituency , and the 10 assembly seats are Palus Kadegaon ( Maharashtra ) , Noorpur ( Uttar Pradesh ) , Jokihat ( Bihar ) , Gomia and Silli ( Jharkhand ) , Chengannur ( Kerala ) , Ampati ( Meghalaya ) , Shahkot ( Punjab ) , Tharali ( Uttarakhand ) and Maheshtala ( West Bengal ) . The counting of votes is slated to begin at 8 am .
The bypolls have been a litmus test for the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) as well as the opposition parties , including the Congress . A positive outcome is necessary for the BJP to maintain its majority in the Lok Sabha .
Following the party 's defeat in from Gorakhpur and Phulpur by-elections in Uttar Pradesh , the BJP had profusely campaigned for Kairana seat in Uttar Pradesh . In Maharashtra 's Palghar and Bhandara-Gondia seats , all four major parties - BJP , Shiv Sena , NCP , and Congress - left no stone unturned to woo the electorates in their favour .
Elections were necessitated in Kairana after the seat fell vacant in February following the death of BJP leader Hukum Singh . The BJP has fielded Mriganka Singh , daughter of Singh , from the seat . In Maharashtra , Palghar is a reserved seat , which was previously held by the BJP . The seat fell vacant after sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanga died in January . Chintaman Wanga had been elected from the constituency thrice as a BJP member . However , after their death , their family joined hands with the Shiv Sena .
In Bhandara-Gondia the bye-election was necessitated when BJP 's sitting MP Nana Patole quit the party to join the Congress in December 2017 .
In Nagaland , Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio of the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party was the representative of the lone Lok Sabha constituency in Nagaland . They quit in February to contest in the Assembly elections .
The by-elections for Assembly seats were held in Legislative Assemblies of Shahkot ( Punjab ) , Tharali ( Uttarakhand ) , Ampati ( Meghalaya ) , Chengannur ( Kerala ) , Jokihat ( Bihar ) , Gomia ( Jharkhand ) , Silli ( Jharkhand ) , Maheshtala ( West Bengal ) , Noorpur ( Uttar Pradesh ) , Palus Kadegaon ( Maharashtra ) .
The by-poll in Gomia Assembly was necessitated after the sitting MLA Yogendra Prasad Mahto of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha ( JMM ) was expelled from the assembly after they were convicted in a coal theft case . In Jharkhand 's Silli , sitting MLA Amit Mahto of the JMM was convicted in a criminal assault case in March following which the seat fell vacant .
The seat of Noorpur in Uttar Pradesh fell vacant after the death of sitting BJP MLA Lokendra Singh Chouhan . They were a two-time MLA from the seat .
The Maheshtala seat in West Bengal , which was held by the Trinamool Congress ( TMC ) , fell vacant as MLA Kasturi Das died in February . They too had represented the constituency twice .
In Meghalaya , former chief minister and Congress MLA Mukul Sangma resigned from Ampati seat in March , as they had also won from Songsak . Sangma was the MLA from this seat since 1993 .
Tharali seat in Uttarakhand is reserved for the member of scheduled castes . The by-poll was necessitated after the death of the BJP MLA Magan Lal Shah in February .
Chengannur seat in Kerala also went for bypoll as it fell vacant after the death of Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) sitting MLA KK Ramachandran Nair in January .
In Bihar , the bypoll was conducted in Jokihat Assembly seat as sitting Janata Dal United MLA Sarfaraz Alam quit the same in April after winning the Araria Lok Sabha seat on an RJD ticket .
Shahkot seat in Punjab also fell vacant as Shiromani Akali Dal sitting MLA Ajit Singh Kohar died in February . This necessitated by-poll in the assembly seat . Kohar had won from the constituency in 2012 and 2017 .
The by-poll in Palus-Kadegaon Assembly constituency was necessitated due to the death of Congress 's Patangrao Kadam , who had won the constituency twice . The Election Commission has declared Kadam ` s son elected unopposed as the BJP had withdrawn its candidate . These bye-elections were also marred with the complaints of EVM malfunctioning and in the view of which the election commission had to replace the faulty machines at certain places after which repolling was held on several booths on Wednesday .
( With ANI inputs )
Related Coverage Send us your Holiday Lights photos !
GUILFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Everyone loves getting into the holiday spirit , but one Guilford resident is doing it , is doing it big , and is doing it for a great cause .
Most put up a few hundred lights outside during the holidays , but not Joe Petrowski .
“ Um , I start about Mid-October. ” Said Joe .
For 20 years , Joe has been putting on a spectacular holiday show on their front lawn thanks to technology and a lot of lights .
“ …I have about 65,000 lights , ” notes Petroski .
Those lights are hooked up to a program that allow them to dance to the music they play . That music transmits over the radio , allowing the cars driving by to get a really cool show .
Related Content : Send us your Holiday Lights photos !
That synchronized show begin back in 2007 , which gave Joe a great idea .
“ Someone actually came by to donate $ 5 to the electricity bill and from there instead of using it to the actual bill we decided to select a charity and donate to that , ” Joe explained .
Those donations have gone a very long way over the last 10 years , having raised over $ 113,000 dollars for local and national charities . Sad to say , with Joe having moved out of the state , this year will be the last for Joe 's Amazing lights . This year 's donations will be going to the Make-A-Wish foundation , and the goal is to raise $ 10,000 .
So , if you want to see this light show , it goes on until Jan. 14 . The address is 163 Valley Shore Drive .
Come on out , tune in the radio , and drop a couple dollars in the donation jar .
By David Mark Greaves
Bad Times
There are two psychotic world leaders armed with nuclear weapons yelling at each other in evermore threatening rhetoric , such as attack by “ fire and fury like the world has never seen before ” is one such bellicose phrase . One of these is the president of North Korea , Kim Jong-un , from whom such words are not unusual and over the years have approached comedy , but coming from the mouth of the president of the United States , delivered with arms held tightly across their chest as though in a straightjacket , which unfortunately was not in use at the time , they are bone-chilling and enough to make the military , the Congress and the people hit pause for a moment and think .
The military has to look in the mirror and say they will not obey an unlawful order . The Congress has to confirm to the military and make public to the world that only they can authorize a war and any use of military force must be approved and nuclear weapons are off the table . The Congress then has to admit that the world ca n't wait until 2020 to remove this man from office .
There are 10 million people in Seoul , South Korea and another 160,000 in Guam whose fate are in the hands of someone under criminal investigation and who may place their own family , fortune and vanity above their lives . Fortunately , any military order has to go through the chain of command and would have to go through the Secretary of Defense . However , it does not help that their nickname is “ Mad Dog ” .
The people have to continue to have their voices heard nationally and as the great abolitionist leader Frederick Douglass said , “ Organize , organize , organize , ” all to demanding the president 's removal .
Voting
This is a dangerous time for local candidates in the countywide civil court elections . A low voter turnout in our area makes it easy for candidates to garner votes across the borough and move our people out . This next election is particularly unsettled because of the high-profile District Attorney 's race that will bring out voters and a small increase can make a big difference .
In the last election , the vote total of 19,290 represented only 17 % of the 109,159 active voters in the 35th .
Once they get in office there is a veneer of inevitability that covers the fact that we have the representatives we do by a thread . As Marlon Rice reminds us in their Thinker 's Notebook , Robert Cornegy won by only 94 votes . And with the neighborhoods changing the way they are , a low voter turnout by African-Americans could cause a sudden change in leadership .
Nationally , the Republican Party and white supremacists are aggressively and nakedly using voter suppression tactics to keep nonwhite people from voting wherever they can . The Department of Justice , under the leadership of Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III , is carrying out that agenda with a laser-like focus , and as more and more judges are appointed , recourse will become even harder to find .
It would be a shame to do their work for them by not having the time to vote for the judges you 're most likely to face or council people who will see that your block gets plowed . Walking past the petition carriers and not having time for community meetings warms the heart of the white supremacist , knowing that in that vacuum their nature can come in quietly and smiling , coiffed and dangerous .
If you do n't come out and vote , we will lose Black representation in the legislatures and in the courts .
Come out and vote ! It does not matter who you vote for or even if you know any of the candidates . You will be listed as an Active Voter and in the next election you can be sure all of the candidates will seek out and want to know you .
FILE- This April 5 , 2018 , file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange . The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday , April 25 . ( AP Photo/Richard Drew , File )
FILE- This April 5 , 2018 , file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange . The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday , April 25 . ( AP Photo/Richard Drew , File )
NEW YORK ( AP ) - The latest on developments in financial markets ( all times local ) :
9:50 a.m .
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note , a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages , hit 3 percent for the first time since January 2014 .
The rising yield reflects higher expectations for inflation and economic growth .
Stocks moved broadly higher in early trading Tuesday as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood .
Verizon , Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose .
The S & P 500 index rose 3 points , or 0.2 percent , to 2,674 .
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 47 points , or 0.2 percent , to 24,523 . The Nasdaq increased 11 points , or 0.2 percent , to 7,139 .
Bond prices fell . The yield on the 10-year Treasury went as high as 3 percent in early trading before slipping back to 2.99 percent .
___
9:35 a.m .
Stocks are opening broadly higher on Wall Street as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood .
Verizon , Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose sharply in early trading Tuesday after reporting results that came in ahead of analysts ' forecasts .
Google parent Alphabet also reported surging earnings , but its stock fell 2.2 percent as the company said spending rose sharply .
Drugmaker Shire rose 3.3 percent after saying it had received another takeover offer from Japanese rival Takeda .
The S & P 500 index rose 9 points , or 0.4 percent , to 2,680 .
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 71 points , or 0.3 percent , to 24,523 . The Nasdaq increased 34 points , or 0.5 percent , to 7,162 .
Bond prices fell . The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.99 percent .
× Cheap Wine Is About to Get a Lot More Expensive
The price of wine is going up .
Global wine production slumped to its lowest level in 60 years in 2017 , according to data from the International Organisation of Vine and Wine .
The most recent harvest produced 25 billion liters of wine , a decrease from 26.7 billion in 2016 and 27.6 billion in 2015 . The decline was driven by weak harvests in key markets including Europe and South Africa .
The shortage has caused the wholesale price of basic wine in Italy to skyrocket 74 % over the previous year , according to the European Commission . Prices are up 45 % in Spain and over 10 % in France .
Analysts said that producers , dealers and retailers will absorb some of the price hikes , but consumers will end up paying more — especially for cheaper bottles .
“ The wine companies that are targeting very low prices … will be hit the worst , because their margins are very low , ” said Stephen Rannekleiv , a global beverages strategist at Rabobank . “ When prices go up , it puts a lot of strain on them . ”
Reduced supply will also hurt quality .
“ There will be , in some cases , lower quality wines getting blended into slightly higher value products , so everyone kind of goes down a tier in quality , ” said Rannekleiv .
Related : Forget craft beer . The next craze is non-alcoholic brew
Producers were the hardest hit in Europe , where heavy hailstorms and harsh frosts damaged vineyards in early 2017 before a summer drought took its toll . The continent accounts for 65 % of global wine production , and 57 % of consumption .
European production dropped 15 % in 2017 . Production fell 21 % in Italy , 18 % in France and 15 % in Spain , according to the Commission .
Other regions had problems , too .
Wildfires destroyed or tainted some of the harvest in California , and drought harmed vineyards in South Africa . Warm weather can cause grapes to ripen early and be smaller in size .
Rannekleiv said the result was a global harvest that was even worse than analysts had feared .
Related : Coke is launching an alcoholic drink in Japan
The pain could spread to other industries .
Rannekleiv said the slump in production means there will be less wine to divert for use in other products . Brandy and vinegar makers could be hurt , for example .
President Donald Trump arrives with Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar , left , and chief of staff John Kelly , for the White House Sports and Fitness Day on the South Lawn of the White House , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Washington . ( AP Photo/Andrew Harnik )
President Donald Trump arrives with Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar , left , and chief of staff John Kelly , for the White House Sports and Fitness Day on the South Lawn of the White House , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Washington . ( AP Photo/Andrew Harnik )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - President Donald Trump joined a group of renowned athletes for a field day with kids at the White House on Wednesday as they kicked off an effort to increase youth participation in sports .
`` Work hard , get in the game , play to win and most of all , have a good time , '' the president told the youngsters .
Their administration wants to reverse a trend of declining participating in athletic activity and to make youth sports more accessible to economically disadvantaged students .
At the event on the South Lawn , Trump also spotlighted members of the President 's Council on Sports , Fitness , and Nutrition Wednesday . The long-established group is headed by former New York Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera , retired beach volleyball Olympian Misty May-Treanor and ex-NFL running back Herschel Walker .
After addressing participants , Trump joined athletes at stations that included flag football , baseball , volleyball , golf , soccer and track and field . They asked kids to name their favorite players and posed for photos .
Trump issued an executive order in February refocusing the council on youth sports as opposed to President Barack Obama 's emphasis on fitness and healthy eating . Trump , who played high school sports and is a competitive golfer , has tried to work with public and private groups to address declining participation in youth sports .
Ivanka Trump , the president 's daughter and senior adviser , told reporters in a conference call before the event that sports participation lags disproportionately among young girls and children who live in economically distressed areas . Many high schools have `` pay to play '' policies requiring students to pay a fee to join a school sports team , making it difficult for families to afford after-school sports .
`` We must break down barriers to youth sports participation and empower each child to reach their or their full potential through sport and play , '' Ivanka Trump said . They said that by the time girls reach age 14 , they drop out of athletics at two times the rate of boys .
Other participants at the White House event included `` The Incredible Hulk '' actor Lou Ferrigno , who befriended Trump while appearing on `` Celebrity Apprentice '' ; former New York Yankees baseball player Johnny Damon ; and professional golfer Natalie Gulbis .
The council was established in 1956 by President Dwight Eisenhower to promote youth fitness and sports . Each president has often placed their own stamp on the council and its priorities .
During Obama 's presidency , first lady Michelle Obama launched the sports council in 2010 in conjunction with their `` Let 's Move ! '' initiative and took part in hula-hooping and jumping rope as ways to fight childhood obesity .
Trump 's administration plans to create a national strategy to promote youth participation in sports and set the stage for a series of events that will culminate around the 2020 Summer Olympics .
Trump has bragged about their athletic abilities , telling The Wall Street Journal in a January interview : `` I was always the best athlete . People do n't know that . '' Trump once owned the USFL 's New Jersey Generals , led by Heisman Trophy-winner Walker , and they frequently play golf with members of Congress and world leaders .
White House doctor said earlier this year that Trump acknowledged he 'd be healthier if they lost a few pounds by exercising more and eating better . Dr. Ronny Jackson , who has since left that post , told reporters that they would arrange for a dietitian to consult with the White House chef to cut calories and recommend a low-impact , aerobic exercise program for Trump with the aim of shedding 10 pounds to 15 pounds this year .
___
Associated Press writer Jill Colvin contributed to this report .
__
On Twitter follow Ken Thomas at https : //twitter.com/KThomasDC
News 100 : Watch top sports news of the day
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates . Watch top sports news of the day .
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz . However , Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz 's right leg .
Musgrove began the season on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . They were acquired with three other players from the Houston Astros in an off-season trade for Gerrit Cole .
`` I was n't trying to get caught in proving anything because I was on a new team , but it does feel good to contribute right away , '' Musgrove said .
Musgrove outpitched Kyle Hendricks ( 4-4 ) , who surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings while striking out one and walking one . The Cubs ' three-game winning streak was snapped .
`` Honestly , I thought I threw pretty good , '' Hendricks said . `` It was more of a battle mentally today for some reason . ''
Josh Harrison hit the sixth leadoff home run of their career in the bottom of the first inning and Gregory Polanco put the Pirates ahead 2-1 in the second with a sacrifice fly that scored Corey Dickerson , who led off with a triple . Polanco went 0 for 3 and is hitless in their last 21 at-bats .
Albert Almora Jr. led off the game with a double and scored on Baez 's single as the Cubs took a quick 1-0 lead . However , Musgrove struck out Kyle Schwarber and Addison Russell to escape a bases-loaded jam and Chicago wound up stranding 11 runners .
Felipe Vazquez pitched a scoreless ninth , getting Kris Bryant to hit a game-ending groundout with two men on , for their 10th save in 13 opportunities . The left-hander blew each of their three previous chances .
Pittsburgh 's Colin Moran and Chicago 's Jason Heyward had three hits apiece .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Cubs : RHP Yu Darvish was found to have inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage after undergoing an MRI . Signed to a $ 126-million , six-year contract in February as a free agent , Darvish last pitched May 20 . ... RHP Carl Edwards Jr. ( right shoulder inflammation ) was placed on the 10-day disabled list and RHP Cory Mazzoni was recalled from Triple-A Iowa . Edwards felt pain after pitching one scoreless inning in Tuesday night 's win over the Pirates . Mazzoni got two outs in a scoreless inning .
Pirates : C Francisco Cervelli returned to the lineup after missing three games with flu-like symptoms and was 0 for 4 . ... RHP Ivan Nova ( sprained right ring finger ) will miss their second straight start Sunday at St. Louis and either pitch a simulated game or make a minor league rehab start before being activated from the DL . ... LHP Enny Romero ( left shoulder impingement ) has started throwing off the slope of the mound at extended spring training in Bradenton , Florida .
UP NEXT
Cubs : LHP Jose Quintana ( 5-4 , 4.78 ERA ) will start against Mets RHP Seth Lugo ( 1-1 , 2.48 ) in the opener of a four-game series at New York . Quintana has a 3.18 ERA in five road starts , compared to a 6.66 mark in five home starts .
Pirates : RHP Trevor Williams ( 5-3 , 3.43 ) will face Cardinals RHP Jack Flaherty ( 2-1 , 2.15 ) in the first game of a four-game series at St. Louis . Since winning their first three starts this season , Williams is 2-3 with a 4.14 ERA in eight starts .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By John Perrotto , The Associated Press
Saber Healthcare takes over operations of Suburban Woods , nine other Pa. nursing homes
Saber Healthcare takes over operations of Suburban Woods , nine other Pa. nursing homes Apr 24
I write about the business side of health care , higher education , and the broader nonprofit sector , with occasional forays into the food and alcoholic beverage industries .
Gary Alan Frank , who was charged last month in a massive loan fraud , made $ 168,333 in charitable donations to Philadelphia organizations in the 90 days before the January bankruptcy of their company , Legal Coverage Group Ltd. , according to legal filings Tuesday .
The biggest beneficiary was the National Liberty Museum , which received $ 68,833 . In addition , the Foreign Policy Research Institute got $ 55,000 , the Philadelphia Orchestra $ 25,000 , and the Philadelphia Youth Orchestra $ 18,500 .
In some case , expenditures in the 90 days before a bankruptcy can be clawed back .
Federal agents arrested Frank on March 16 and charged them with wire fraud related to a $ 40 million line of credit Legal Coverage Group had received from Prudential Insurance Co. of America .
Legal Coverage Group claimed in a bankruptcy document that it had $ 378 million in revenue last year , $ 42 million in profit , and three million people enrolled in its legal services benefit program . The latest information from Leslie Beth Baskin , an attorney at Spector Gadon & Rosen who is trustee in the bankruptcy , shows that Legal Coverage Group had only $ 500,000 in revenue last year .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
A DOG WILL NOT CRY IF YOU BEAT HIM WITH A BONE
A man who reportedly deadly knifed a dog in the opening minutes of the New Year in west of Sydney will be faced with a court coming month . The exact dog was with its possessor outdoor of the home when it became scared by fireworks loud sound soon after twelve midnight a 26 year old man at a close house . Police charge the man knifed the dog , which was subsequent euthanized on account of the size of its wounds . The man has been found guilty with various unlawful acts inclusive abuse and murder an animal and they will come into view in court later in the month . ( Animal euthanasia ) is the act of place an animal to death or letting it die by hold back utmost medical actions . Grounds for euthanasia contain irremediable situation or illness , absence of resources to keep supporting the animal , or laboratory exam steps . Euthanasia process are prepared to cause lower suffer . Euthanasia is well-defined from animal killing and pest control in spite of the fact that in some cases the steps is identical .
The West Australian 's Dylan Caporn is at the Perth City Council meeting and tells us Lisa Scaffidi will still pock a $ 60,000 a year salary despite being suspended from office .
New Delhi : While Deepika Padukone has been receiving accolades from across quarters for giving their career-best performance in Sanjay Leela Bhansali 's epic drama 'Padmaavat ' , their 'Piku ' co-star Amitabh Bachchan went a step ahead and wrote a hand-written note to appreciate their role in the film .
In the note , Amitabh expressed how much they loved Deepika 's performance in the movie .
Terming the gesture as a 'reward ' , Deepika shared the note on their Instagram account saying , `` there are awards ... there are rewards ... & then there is THIS ! Thank You Baba ... @ amitabhbachchan '' .
Deepika , who shared screen space with senior Bachchan in 2015 comedy-drama 'Piku ' and played the role of their daughter , shares a warm relationship with him .
It was only recently that Ranveer Singh , who played a pivotal role in the period drama , had received a note from Bachchan . In the letter , Bachchan had hailed Ranveer for their performance in the movie .
Meanwhile , Bhansali 's magnum opus 'Padmaavat ' is doing an incredible business at the Box Office and has so far collected Rs 166 crore .
Based on 16th-century poet Malik Muhammad Jayasi ` s poem 'Padmavat ' , the film was caught in a row after Shri Rajput Karni Sena staged protests across the country . The protesters believed that the film distorted history . As a result of the ensuing violence , the movie did not release in Rajasthan , Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh as well as in some theatres across Uttar Pradesh and Bihar .
It has received mixed reviews , with some appreciating the movie for its visual brilliance and impeccable performances , while some slamming it for glorifying the practice of Jauhar ( self-immolation ) .
( With Agency inputs )
Here 's something you do n't see often on police reports .
A Mineral Wells man taken into custody on suspicion of driving while intoxicated is also accused of trying to get rid of their cocaine while handcuffed in the back of a patrol car .
Jail records identified the suspect as Ken Clay Fulbright , 28 .
Three other men who were with Fulbright early Sunday face charges of public intoxication .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The unusual call came in shortly before 3 a.m. Sunday in the 1500 block of Fort Worth Highway .
A patrol officer observed a vehicle with the engine running stopped in a lane of traffic with a driver sitting inside eating a hamburger . The other suspects were asleep , according to a police report .
The officer questioned the driver , who was given a field sobriety test after the officer said they smelled alcohol .
The suspect was taken into custody , handcuffed and placed in the backseat of the patrol car .
While there , the suspect reached into their backpocket , got out their wallet and took out a small clear plastic bag , police said .
They are accused of ripping open the bag and trying to get rid of a white substance . A presumptive drug test of the substance indicated in was cocaine .
Fulbright was released from the Parker County Jail Monday after posting $ 19,500 bail .
They face charges of drug possession and driving while intoxicated , and also a charge of tampering with physical evidence .
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports . It was a role with the CFL 's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided them with a platform to merge their best attributes : sports knowledge and personality . While with the Ticats , Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in their role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews , digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter . They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada , the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres .
Is your relationship serious ?
Q : 51 % of people say their relationship is serious once THIS happens . What is it ?
A : Sharing their Netflix password ! Guess that 's the new Facebook official !
Success came smoother than expected at the Rise Against Hunger food-packaging event at Yanity Gym last Saturday morning .
Four high school interns with the Jesse Lee United Methodist Church youth ministry — Jackson Cashman , Cassie Pavain , Eric Dollins , and Kendra Gordillo — organized the event that aimed to package 10,000 meals in under two hours .
The goal was met in half the time thanks to a strong turnout from community volunteers of all ages , who gathered in gloves and hairnets just before the opening bell rung at 10:30 .
By 10:42 , the first thousand meals had been completed ; at 11:10 , the room was halfway to the goal with 5,000 meals packaged .
Less than 20 minutes later , 6,000 more meals had been packaged , bringing the grand total to 11,000 in an hour .
For the four students , who met twice before their internships started in May to plan the event , the results showed that preparation pays off .
“ We 've been thinking about this for a while , ” Pavain said .
The inspiration for the event came from a youth summit that Cashman and Gordillo had attended in Florida .
“ It 's a gathering of youth that happens every four years , and they did a food-packaging event as an activity for everyone , ” Gordillo said . “ The theme of that event was ‘ Go on , ' and this was something that we felt was a way to continue that mission of ‘ Going on ' and helping people in need . ”
Each bag of food packaged can be held in one hand and feed six people when added to water , making each bag 's direct impact more tangible .
“ It 's good for all of us to come together as a community and give back to the world this way . We went around to local businesses , and we got them to sponsor this . We got local volunteers to come and actually do the event , ” Cashman said .
“ We are so thankful for the generosity of businesses and other people who want to support not only volunteer projects , but youth-led projects , ” Gordillo added . “ A lot of times , kids get looked down upon , or might not always be expected to run big events , but we just put on a big event , the four of us . I think being able to see that there are youth that can do good things in the community is also really important . ”
Clayton Santiago was on the brink of summer and , unlike thousands of other kids on Long Island , they are n't ready for spring to end . . . well , not yet anyway .
The Bethpage senior was running about 30 meters off the pace on the back straightaway of the boys 800 meters on the first day of the Nassau State Qualifier Wednesday afternoon at North Shore in Glen Head when reality set in . They were as far back as they could be , and they needed to act quickly to save their state championship hopes .
“ With 250 [ meters ] left , I had to go , ” Santiago said . “ If I left any later , I would n't have gotten it . . . I 'll never let the leader be more than 10 meters in front of me , and they were [ at least ] 20 , so I had some ground to make up . ”
The all-out sprint around the final half of the track saved their season , with Santiago outpacing North Shore 's Collin O'Sullivan and Manhasset 's Ryan Watson in one minute , 57.90 seconds .
The victory qualified Santiago for the outdoor state championships , scheduled for June 8-9 at Cicero-North Syracuse High School . It marked the state championship triple crown for Santiago , who ran in both the cross country and indoor track state championships this school year .
After the kick at 250 , Santiago needed a second kick at 120 to finish the job .
“ People do n't usually kick until 150 , so I thought I could slowly catch up to him , cruise it , and then kick again , ” they said . “ And that 's how I took the win . ”
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
The girls 800 also came down to the wire , with Syosset 's Reilly Siebert needing a lean at the finish line to outpace Valley Stream South 's DeAnna Martin . Siebert won in 2:13.82 and Martin was second in 2:13.84 . The two spent the final 300 meters fighting for position .
“ The goal was to go with 300 [ meters left ] , make both of us work for it , and make the race really honest , ” Siebert said . “ She responded really quickly to that . ”
Siebert , who is one of the best distance runners on Long Island , does n't have a ton of experience in down-to-the-last-10-meters type races , in fact , few distance runners do . But , after sizing up the field , the Villanova-bound senior said they expected a close one .
“ I was looking forward to a tight race , just to get experience for next week and next year , ” Siebert said . “ It was cool because I had never been in a race like that where it was down to the wire and I had to fight for the finish . The last 50 I just said ‘ this is it . This is one of your last races . You have to go . ' ”
Elsewhere , North Shore 's Jack Rosencrans ( 9:36.62 ) barely outpaced Manhasset 's Aidan Caggiano ( 9:37.60 ) to win the boys 3,200 . North Shore 's Caroline Reiner won the girls Division I 400 hurdles in 61.80 and Farmingdale 's Lorvens Hyppolite won the boys Division I 400 hurdles in 54.69 seconds .
PANAMA 'S National Civil Protection System ( Sinaproc ) issued a “ no bathing ” alert for beaches on the Pacific Coast because of sea bottom waves up to 10 meters high , which are formed away from the coast and without the presence of strong winds .
The phenomenon is present throughout the year , but is more frequent between the months of May and November , on the Pacific Ocean coastline says Sinaproc
“ Therefore , it is essential that you avoid being near the beaches , especially because of sudden changes in the swell and the increased high tide .
The Joint Task Force cancelled classes at Farallón School and moved personnel into the area .
Sinaproc Director , José Donderis , recommended : “ do not bathe . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cambridgeshire County Council has defended its decision to shelve plans for a cycle underpass beneath the new Ely southern bypass .
Last Wednesday , the council 's environment and education committee voted for work on the project to cease , after it was revealed the costs and work to build the underpass would be more than first anticipated .
It had previously been calculated that the underpass would cost £300,000 . Final estimates , however , placed the figure at £1.2 million over the initial budget , making the project untenable .
The authority agreed a safer and cost effective 'signalised crossing ' will be built instead .
Plans for cycle underpass in Ely look set to be abandoned after high cost is revealed
Executive director for economy , transport and environment , Graham Hughes said : “ We had a stakeholder panel and the suggestion was made that we could add on the cycle underpass that goes under the road . It was n't part of the original scheme but it was suggested in conversation .
“ We asked our consultants for an indication of what it might cost and they said it could cost about £300,000 to do , but that was on the basis of no known ground conditions .
“ The main bypass contractors came back with a figure in excess of over a million [ pounds ] after ground condition assessments . So basically the underpass would be constantly below the water table which would mean you 'd have to pump water out of it continuously and it would be difficult to build .
`` The original budget we set included £36 million for land construction… . that would have pushed us quite a bit over our budget limit . ''
Mr Hughes added that usability studies showed only 45 people make daily trips on the corridor where the underpass is being built . They also noted that had it been built it would be a `` reasonably significant diversion '' for cyclists to use the underpass .
Work to start on new Ely bypasses as final designs get the go-ahead
`` The cycle campaign generally like segregated infrastructure if at all possible but our judgement is actually that crossing will be as good and preferable because it does n't require a diversion off what would be the main route to a damp , wet underpass , which is a risk being not a terribly attractive environment , '' they added . `` A safe crossing will me more attractive . ''
The Ely Cycling Campaign has hit out at the county council for abandoning the plans and what they see as a poor decision-making process .
In a statement responding to the news , the group said : “ We have been repeatedly promised by county council officers that the new southern bypass would include an underpass so that Stuntney and beyond are not cut off from Ely by it . This is a problem that the villages around Ely all suffer from and so ensuring it was avoided with the new bypass seemed like progress and forward thinking .
`` Unfortunately it seems that was all hot air and when it comes down to it the county council 's commitment to cycling in rural areas is pretty non-existent .
`` This logic beggars belief . The county council has spent lots of time and resources asking what puts people off cycling and the answer is always the same , lack of safe routes , ” .
`` The logic here is that low usage caused by a lack of a safe route justifies not building a safe route .
TV 's Lord Robert Winston to headline new Cambridgeshire science festival
`` This is a fundamentally short-sighted decision showing that the councillors have little commitment to sustainable transport in rural areas . ''
By Ken Bell
kbell @ abc6.com
ABC6 Sports gives you a feel for what it 's like to be in Minneapolis for Super Bowl LII . Sports Director Nick Coit is joined by Ian Steele and Kainani Stevens for a PUSH FOR SIX Special .
It looks like several smartphones will soon be receiving Android Oreo update . From what we have heard , Asus and Huawei 's sub-brand Honor are now gearing up to release the Oreo update for several of their smartphones .
As such , reports now suggest that Asus will be rolling out the Android Oreo update for ZenFone 4 . An Asus forum moderator who goes by the name Green1_ASUS has reportedly confirmed that the ZenFone 4 with model number ZE554KL will be getting updated to Oreo by the end of this month .
Apart from Zenfone 4 , it has also been said that Asus ZenFone 3 will receive the update soon . Well , screenshots of Asus ZenFone 3 running Android Oreo was leaked on the internet just last week . While the exact date of the rollout is yet to be revealed , we know that it is close .
As for Huawei 's sub-brand Honor , the company has been releasing Android Oreo updates for some of their products like the Honor 9 and Honor V9 . But now according to reports , two more handsets will be receiving the Oreo update .
Besides , Honor 's CEO , George Zao , has reportedly confirmed with a Serbian online media publication that their company is currently beta testing Android Oreo for Honor 8 and Honor 8 Pro . The CEO has also stated that Android 8.0 Oreo will soon be available for both Honor 8 and Honor 8 Pro and that the company will further upgrade other devices to the new version of the OS as well .
So if you own any of these devices , then you better keep a close eye on your notifications tab . After the rollout of Android Oreo update , users can take advantage of features like picture-in-picture mode , notification channels , notification dots , smart text selection , and much more .
All in all , it 's nice to see that the companies are trying to be in tune with Google 's Android updates and bring a good experience to its customers .
Via 1 / 2
Human rights lawyer , Chief Mike Ozekhome ( SAN ) has hailed the acquittal of Senate President Bukola Saraki by the Code of Conduct Tribunal .
Ozekhome also mocked the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission which was the key witness against Saraki .
The senior advocate also lampooned the Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption headed by Prof. Itse Sagay .
They said the ruling by the tribunal was evidence that the anti-corruption was nothing but a ruse to fool the feeble-minded .
In a statement on Wednesday , Ozekhome said , “ The Code of conduct tribunal headed by Mr Danladi Umar ( not Justice Umar , as always erroneously reported ) , was bold , courageous and right , in spite of visible executive interference and manipulation , to have discharged and acquitted Senate President , Dr. Bukola Saraki , on all the counts of false declaration of assets levelled against him .
“ EFCC , much trumpeted much-trumpeted media trial of cases , dramatic hype and conviction of suspects on the pages of newspapers and social media , leading the country to now ?
“ PACAC , where has your bare knuckles , warped and puerile ‘ legal advice ' to the vindictive Executuve to denigrate and humiliate otherwise innocent opponents and opposition of government led it to ?
“ You have actually done more harm and damage to the so-called anti -corruption ‘ war ' than all the vampires and barbaric , primitive accumulators of our national wealth and common patrimony joined together . ”
Ozekhome said the performance of government prosecutors in court is reminiscent of television comedy programme , ‘ Fuji House of Commotion '
They said the government should get serious instead of disgracing itself every time .
Ozekhome added , “ Through your unresearched and myopic stance , the government has serially lost cases . Rather than put your ‘ Fuji House of Commotion ' in order , you always shamelessly declare that “ corruption is fighting back ” and that the courts are against the anti corruption fight , as if the courts owe the executive a sacred duty and obligation to help it trample on citizens'rights and win badly prepared and lousily prosecuted cases at all cost .
“ What we saw from the EFCC stable as usual , was the usual Baba Sala ' Alawada Kerikeri 's Odeon histrionics and sensational media hype of Saraki receiving humongous pension from Kwara State government , whilst simultaneously receiving a salary from NASS ; of Saraki taking loans to buy many properties ; of Saraki owning many assets , etc .
“ How did these prove specific declaration of assets ? No attempt was made by the EFCC to prove the essential ingredients of false declaration.I was laughing.I am still laughing . Corruption , a very corrosive and ravaging cancer that has virtually destroyed the weak fabric of our society can not be defeated outside observance of the rule of law and by trampling on citizens ' rights and cherished freedoms . ”
Comments
comments
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey bus terminal in Manhattan was evacuated Monday morning following an explosion of unknown origin , according to New York City police . One suspect was in custody , police said .
First responders on the scene of an explosion at Port Authority building in Manhattan on Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 .
First responders on the scene of an explosion at Port Authority building in Manhattan on Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 .
Voting machines set to be used in Tuesday 's special election in Georgia 's 6th congressional district were stolen from a Cobb County precinct manager 's car while it was parked outside of a grocery store Saturday night .
Secretary of State Brian Kemp said Cobb County Elections waited until Monday to tell their office about the theft , a move they called `` unacceptable , '' WSB-TV reports . The ExpressPoll machines are used to check voters in and check off when they cast their ballots , and Cobb County Elections Director Janine Eveler said while the stolen machines do contain voter information , it 's `` hard to access , '' and there is no way they can be used to cast fraudulent ballots .
The special election is being held to replace the seat vacated by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price , and is receiving national attention , with Democratic favorite Jon Ossoff the frontrunner . Should any of the candidates earn more than 50 percent of the vote , they will win the seat , otherwise a runoff election between the top two candidates will be held in June . Catherine Garcia
The New York Times reviews today 's Port Authority bombing by Bangladeshi immigrant Akayed Ullah and concludes : “ Suspect in Times Square Bombing Leaves Trail of Mystery . ”
I 'm not sure wherein the mystery lies . It seems like a straightforward Islamic terrorist attack of the sort we have seen dozens of times over the years :
On the surface , Akayed Ullah seemed to be an ordinary member of a Bangladeshi enclave in Brooklyn . They often prayed at a mosque in an unassuming brownstone in the Kensington section of the borough , where a few thousand of their countrymen reside . … But on Monday morning , Mr. Ullah , 27 , strapped a pipe bomb to their body and set out to detonate it in a Times Square subway station , the police said , not only causing chaos among crowds of commuters , but also leaving behind a trail of mystery that baffled those who knew him . “ He was a good guy , ” said Mohammad Yousuf , a cabdriver who prayed with Mr. Ullah at the mosque . “ I ca n't believe they would do anything like this . ”
Far from being a mystery , this is the story of most Islamic terrorists .
According to several law enforcement officials , Mr. Ullah said they set off the bomb in retaliation for American airstrikes in Syria and elsewhere , targeting members of the Islamic State , or ISIS . They told investigators that they had been radicalized online and had made a number of trips overseas in the past five years , visiting Bangladesh in recent months , one of the officials said .
Typical . What to do about the seemingly endless stream of such attacks ? One place to start is our irrational immigration system :
Immigration officials said that Mr. Ullah arrived in the United States from Bangladesh in 2011 on a family immigrant visa and has lived in Brooklyn ever since as a legal permanent resident . According to the terms of their visa , Mr. Ullah was the nephew of an American citizen and benefited from what the officials called “ extended family chain migration . ”
So if we admit one person from Bangladesh , they get to bring over their relatives , and they get to bring over their relatives , apparently ad infinitum . As you might expect , the numbers add up . Earlier today , the White House emailed :
In the last decade , the U.S. has resettled nearly 142,000 Bangladesh nationals on the basis of familial ties– that is a population larger than the population of Dayton , Ohio . A significant driver of this influx of family-based immigration is Chain Migration , the process by which foreign nationals permanently resettle within the U.S. and subsequently bring over their foreign relatives , who then have the opportunity to bring over their foreign relatives , until entire extended families are resettled within the country .
Note that the total has gone from 8,508 in 2005 to 18,051 in 2016 :
As always , the question is , why are we doing this ? How does it benefit the United States to import 142,000 Bangladeshis for no reason other than the fact that they are related to other Bangladeshis ? This is an irrational system which the Trump administration , and many Republicans in Congress ( but no Democrats , to my knowledge ) , are trying to end .
Liberals , as usual , are either obtuse or pretending to be obtuse . Thus , at today 's press briefing , a Democratic Party reporter challenged Sarah Sanders–America 's most long-suffering woman–to prove when and where Mr. Ullah became radicalized :
Q Sarah , I 'm interested in the comment you made about the suspect in New York . Does the White House have any proof that this suspect was radicalized outside of the United States ? He 's been a lawful , permanent resident living here for some time . MS. SANDERS : I ca n't get into any further details on that front at this point . But as we have them available , I 'll be happy to let you know . Q But why would their chain migration be an issue unless you were saying that something happened outside the U.S. ?
Maybe because chain migration is pointless , and out of 142,000 Bangladeshis there is a good chance that at least one of them will be a terrorist ? I do n't think you necessarily have to be dumb to be a White House press correspondent , but there are times , apparently , when you have to pretend to be .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
E.S . North played Bethlehem Catholic in the EPC semifinals . Bethlehem Catholic held a 49-37 lead after the 3rd quarter , but the Timberwolves stormed back to take the lead in the 4th .
McLaren took us by surprise by revealing a new member of the Ultimate Series , named after the legendary Brazilian Formula 1 driver Ayrton Senna da Silva . The new McLaren Senna is an unusual looking supercar with hardcore genes and a brutal 4.0-liter V8 engine generating 789 horsepower ( 588 kilowatts ) and 590 pound-feet ( 800 Newton-meters ) .
Interestingly , all of the 500 cars planned for production have been sold prior to the official debut of the Senna , except for one , which was auctioned this last weekend . It 's a chassis number 193 , which was sold for a staggering $ 2.67 million . All the proceeds will benefit the Ayrton Senna Foundation , founded by Senna 's sister to support children in poor and developing countries .
The regular price of the vehicle is £750,000 after taxes , or approximately $ 1 million or €853,300 at current exchange rates , and it should be mentioned that each car sold will also benefit the same charity foundation . So , it 's not only one of the wildest cars in the world today , but it 's also positive for the society . Good job , McLaren .
We do n't have exact performance numbers at the moment , but we expect the McLaren Senna to be extremely fast . That 's because it is powered by the most powerful engine ever installed in a McLaren road car , one that uses technologies from motorsport and provides “ lightning-quick throttle responsiveness. ” In general , we are promised a “ savage performance . ”
The recipe also includes a super aggressive aerodynamic body kit with a really massive hydraulically-powered rear wing acting as a downforce generator and an airbrake , and a rear diffuser made of carbon fiber . Do n't forget that it 's an extremely lightweight vehicle , tipping the scales at just 1,198 kilograms ( 2,641 pounds ) without any fluids , 85 kg ( 187 lbs ) less than the 720S .
Production of the track-focused vehicle should start in the third quarter of 2018 , shortly after its public debut at the 2018 Geneva Motor Show .
Source : Shmee150 on YouTube
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — A fake Michael Flynn Twitter account has fooled two top House Democrats who cited a series of tweets in condemning President Donald Trump 's former national security adviser .
Flynn was forced to resign Monday over discussions they had with Russian officials before Trump took office .
At a news conference Tuesday , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , and Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Md. , complained that Republicans in Congress were not adequately investigating Flynn 's actions . In doing so , they cited a tweet purportedly from Flynn that said , “ I feel it is unfair that I have been made the sole scapegoat for what happened . ”
CUMMINGS : “ Madam leader , just this morning , Flynn tweeted , and this is a quote , ‘ scapegoat , ' end of quote . Scapegoat . They basically described themselves as a scapegoat . ”
Advertisement
PELOSI : “ I have a tweet , I 'm going to make , I 'm telling my staff right now — It 's not scapegoat , its stonewall , and that 's exactly what the Republicans in Congress are doing . ”
THE FACTS : That was n't Flynn tweeting .
Flynn had a different verified Twitter account during the campaign , but it is no longer active , and their own son , Michael Flynn Jr. , tweeted in their account that the purported tweet from their father was fake .
Cummings mentioned the tweets at the news conference and Pelosi picked up on the theme .
Both offices later acknowledged the mistake . Pelosi spokesperson Drew Hammill acknowledged that Pelosi inadvertently cited tweets from a fake account . Cummings issued their correction on Twitter : “ Yes , sorry , to correct the record — just learned like many others that the Flynn tweet this morning was fake . ”
The New York Times cited tweets from the unverified account in a story about Flynn 's resignation . Later , the newspaper removed the references and corrected its story .
___
Find all AP Fact Checks here : http : //apne.ws/2kbx8bd
___
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at : http : //twitter.com/stephenatap
EDITOR 'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
ADVERTISEMENT
Stories about the GOP 's tax reform plans have dominated policy headlines for awhile now . This week , for instance , Senate Republicans started hashing out their future plans for the U.S. federal budget in earnest , which they 're using to set the stage for — you guessed it — tax reform .
But taxation is only one side of the budget resolution . The other side is spending . And the GOP has big plans there , too — $ 5.8 trillion in plans to be exact .
That 's how much the Senate Republicans ' plan would cut from federal spending over the next decade . If enacted , those reductions would gut public investment in communities across the country , hamstring the economy , and leave millions upon millions of already-vulnerable American families without the basic help they need to make ends meet .
So far , Democrats and their allies are treating this savagery like they did Trump 's hypothetical budget back in the spring : an opportunity to bash the GOP for cruelty and hypocrisy . But no one is really treating it with the urgency it arguably deserves . Because here 's the kicker : It 's possible that Senate Democrats would n't be able to mount a filibuster against at least some of those cuts . The Republicans could pass them with a bare 51-vote majority .
To explain how , we 're gon na have to get wonky .
What the Senate is preparing is technically known as a budget resolution . `` It 's a statement of policy preferences going forward over the next 10 years , '' as Jacob Leibenluft , a senior adviser at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , explained to The Week . `` What revenues look like , what spending looks like , and what spending looks like in specific categories . ''
Some programs are singled out for specific cuts in the resolution . But a lot of the spending reductions are assigned as bulk sums to various `` budget functions , '' to be distributed among a range of programs . Once the budget resolution has passed , lawmakers will come in with other , smaller budget bills to nail down all the specifics . But the resolution provides enough detail that we can get a picture of where the GOP intends to cut that $ 5.8 trillion .
It is n't pretty .
Remarkably , Medicare is effectively singled out for $ 473 billion in cuts . Senate Democrats are shouting their heads off about this one , since President Trump repeatedly promised during their campaign that Medicare would n't be touched .
Another $ 1.3 trillion would be taken out of other health programs , which will mostly mean Medicaid and the various subsidies provided by ObamaCare . A cut of that size would reduce this bucket of programs by a whopping 30 percent by 2027 .
The Republicans aim to cut $ 653 billion from the general bucket that includes food stamps , cash assistance to needy families , a range of refundable tax credits , and more . They 'd cut $ 199 billion from programs that include Pell Grants , student loans , and block grants for social services . Then there 's another $ 500 billion in cuts assigned to various other budget functions . And there 's even $ 1 trillion in free-floating cuts the Republicans know they want to take out of something — they just do n't know what yet .
A lot of the above are called `` mandatory '' programs , because their spending each year is determined by their overall design and how many Americans are eligible . But lots of government spending programs are `` discretionary '' — Congress decides each year how much it wants to pump into them .
The military is the single biggest chunk of the discretionary budget , and the Republicans are loath to touch it . But nondefense discretionary spending covers just about every bit of civil society you can think of : fighting homelessness , lending in poor communities , scientific and medical research , public transit , local investment , home repair , foreclosure prevention , job programs , and even Meals on Wheels .
You might remember that the Budget Control Act of 2011 imposed automatic cuts to nondefense discretionary spending going forward . These cuts were meant to be so painful and absurd they would force Democrats and Republicans to hammer out a better arrangement .
Well , the Republicans want to reduce nondefense discretionary below even those automatic cuts — 10 percent below in 2019 , and 18 percent below by 2027 .
The one bit of good news is that passing any of these cuts through the Senate ostensibly requires 60 votes to beat a filibuster . That means eight Democrats have to sign on , which will never happen .
But there 's a catch .
The reason Republicans need to pass a budget resolution first , before the smaller and more specific budget bills , is that the resolution sets reconciliation in motion . That 's the Senate procedural rule that allows you to pass certain bills by a simple majority without dealing with the filibuster . This year , the Republicans used reconciliation instructions to try to pass their various repeals of ObamaCare . ( Though even with the lower vote threshold , they failed . ) In the coming year , they want to use reconciliation to pass their tax reform plans .
As Leibenluft explained it , the reconciliation instructions apply to two Senate committees : energy and natural resources , and finance . The assignments to the first are negligible . But the instructions to the finance committee give it a $ 1.5 trillion deficit increase to play with . The Republicans ' whole tax reform project falls under finance 's jurisdiction . So presumably , $ 1.5 trillion is the amount of revenue the GOP anticipates it will lose from its tax changes over the first decade . ( Those tax cuts will likely have to expire after that , because bills passed by reconciliation ca n't add to the deficit beyond the first 10 years . )
But what if the Republicans decide they want even bigger tax cuts in the first 10 years ? Then they 'll need to cut spending somewhere to offset the extra revenue losses , and stay within the $ 1.5 trillion ceiling . The spending programs that fall under the finance committee 's jurisdiction include Medicaid , Medicare , unemployment insurance , ObamaCare 's subsidies , and more . Any spending cuts the finance committee makes to those programs , and which are directly tied to making room for the GOP 's tax cuts , would fall under the purview of reconciliation .
Then they could be passed through the Senate with a bare 51-vote majority .
So while the spending cuts in the Republicans ' new budget resolution technically fall outside of reconciliation , there 's a way they could sneak at least some of that $ 5.8 trillion in through the back door . No one knows if this is the GOP 's plan . It may well not be . But the design of the budget resolution makes it a real live possibility — one that not nearly enough people are taking seriously .
Mike Condon wo n't be taking a break with the rest of their teammates .
Instead , he 'll spend this week on the ice working on their game .
The Senators goaltender returned to Ottawa following the club 's 2-1 loss to the Washington Capitals on Sunday night and after dropping three straight , they do n't feel this is the right time to take time off .
“ I 'm going back to Ottawa and I 'm going to practise , ” Condon said after allowing two goals on 28 shots at the Verizon Center . “ I finished ( before the ) break not that well and , for me , personally , I ca n't go sit on a beach somewhere and be content with this .
“ I 'm going to go back to Ottawa and get on the ice and do some work . ”
Condon has done an admirable job while top goalie Craig Anderson is away on personal leave to be with their wife Nicholle while they undergo cancer treatment at a facility in New York .
Even though he 's made 14 straight appearances with backup Andrew Hammond sidelined with a high ankle sprain , Condon is n't tired .
“ I feel healthy right now , ” they said . “ I feel energized and I 'm not sure how much longer ( he 'll have ) the reins here until Andy gets back so I want to be sharp , fresh and I want to give the team a chance to win every night . I 've got to get back on the ice and get to work . ”
There is no timetable for Anderson 's return but coach Guy Boucher indicated last week it wo n't happen before mid-January . Anderson visited with the Senators on Dec. 27 during their game against the New York Rangers and the belief he 's going to need time to get ready once they do return .
That means you have to expect Condon will likely be asked to carry the ball through the month of January . The Senators will play 10 games in 21 days when they start their next stretch of games against the Capitals on Saturday night at the Canadian Tire Centre .
Condon said they are hopeful everybody is ready to go when the Senators step on the ice for practice on Friday at 7 p.m. , to end the break .
“ Hopefully guys come back rested , energized and ready to go , ” Condon said .
A BIG CONTRIBUTOR
Boucher ca n't say enough good things about the play of veteran blueliner Marc Methot .
Suiting up alongside captain Erik Karlsson most nights , Methot does n't have big offensive statistics but the most noticeable stat is their plus-12 rating and that 's because he 's making a valuable contribution .
“ ( Methot 's ) been very consistent from exhibition games to now , ” Boucher said before facing the Caps . “ He 's been so consistent in their role and that 's what I 've liked . We wanted to simplify their game . The way we play , it 's a straight forward , defensive game that 's hard-stepping and physical .
“ That 's why it 's really suited them well . It 's taken a lot of the ( Plan ) B and C options out of their game , which helps him . It makes it clear and when he 's got a clear mind , that play is really good . I love what Meth has been for us since day one and the way we play has suited him . It 's great . It was less of an adjustment for them than some other guys . ”
Has Methot met expectations ?
“ He 's been one of our best players since day one for sure , ” Boucher added . “ You do n't hear a lot about it because of the points and all that but he 's definitely been doing a great job backing up Erik when Erik takes off .
“ But what I like is that pair has really become a great defensive pair and we know Erik is outstanding offensively but we know Erik is playing terrific defensively . He 's a two-way guy now . I do n't want people to tell me he 's an offensive guy because he 's a two-way defenceman clearly . ”
THE LAST WORDS
The Senators are hopeful they 'll have forward Zack Smith back from their abdominal strain against the Caps on Saturday . They skated in Ottawa on the weekend in a tracksuit and is expected to be on the ice Friday night . “ We 're very hopeful for after the break , ” said Boucher . “ He 's a big part of our team . We 've missed them a lot. ” … The Senators have lost four straight to the Capitals and Washington has picked up at least a point in seven games dating back to Dec. 22 , 2014 . Ottawa will face the Caps two more times this month .
Wichita police have identified a 45-year-old man who was shot and killed as they were moving out of their house during the weekend .
Police say Randy Gibson and two of their friends were moving their belongings Saturday when a man who lived in the house fatally shot Gibson and wounded their two friends .
Police officer Charley Davidson said Monday the 21-year-old suspect was arrested at the scene and booked into jail on suspicion of first-degree murder and other charges .
The two wounded men were treated at Wichita hospitals .
Two other people inside the house when the shooting occurred were not injured .
click to enlarge Provided
Palmetto has been reworking its outdoor space
Good news , beer/music/patio enthusiasts : ( 289 Huger St. ) has at last finished construction on its courtyard , which means the Loading Dock Concert Series is soon to be back in action : music to our ears.You should be able to order a cold one again at the beautified brewery come Mon . June 11 , but the tasting room is open now and the Loading Dock stage will crank things back up beginning Fri. June 1 with Mojo McGee at 6 p.m.Other acts in the foreseeable future include Tyler Boone on Sat . June 2 , Waltzing Matilda on Fri. June 8 , Tom Crowley & the Speakers Sat . June 9 , Thomas Champagne on Fri. June 15 , and Stay Tuned with Liesel Haldane on Fri. June 22.The brewery will also welcome back a steady flow of food trucks , beginning with Cooking Carolina Pit BBQ on Fri. June 1.For further updates , go to palmettobrewing.com
The gold standard of secure private messaging requires end-to-end encryption between the parties involved with no way for the messaging service to obtain the keys used to scramble the message . Open Whisper Systems ' Signal Protocol and Signal apps implement seemingly the best version of that .
But there 's a small problem : the Signal apps are tied to your phone number , and Open Whisper uses a registration system to match you and find others . Companies like WhatsApp ( part of Facebook ) have taken the Signal Protocol and built it into their apps , but they have a similar problem of centralized management , even though it 's done well .
However , neither WhatsApp nor Open Whisper can obtain the keys involved in chats because of how the system was designed , which is what 's important . Apple 's iMessage is secured end-to-end , but a weaker design makes it feasible ( if unlikely ) that Apple could revise the system without users being aware to reduce the ability for messaging to remain absolutely private .
This is where a new , modest offering fits in from Keybase , a company centered on user-controlled ownership of identity using cryptographic elements , where said identity is proven and validated through social media accounts , websites , Bitcoin , and other methods . Keybase has just introduced an end-to-end encrypted chat option that relies entirely on cryptography and validation that 's in your control .
Prove it
I 've written about Keybase before , because I admire the combination of approaches they 're taking to provide a simplified strong identity . The firm 's code is open source , allowing validation , and they rely on open-source software for some of the fundamental parts of what they do . The secret sauce is binding it together into a graphically pleasing and user-comprehensible format , even for those people who have zero interest in or knowledge of the underlying details . Desktop software introduced a year ago helps a lot .
Keybase centers around a PGP-style key , a format that dates back over 20 years . PGP combines the power of public-key cryptography with simpler symmetrical encryption for speed . It 's effectively how SSL/TLS works for Web and email encrypted sessions .
A PGP key comprises a public/private key pair , in which fiendishly complicated math allows the creation of two intertwined keys . Knowing one does n't help you in any way determine the other . One key is public ( hence “ public-key cryptography ” ) and can be distributed freely . The other is private , and you must protect it at all costs .
To encrypt a message to one or more people with PGP , you obtain their public keys , and an algorithm encrypts a strong session key—one that can both encrypt and decrypt—with each public key . The message is encrypted with the session key , but only a recipient with an associated private key can retrieve the session key and then decrypt the message .
IDG PGP encryption renders the results impenetrable to anyone without the corresponding private key .
You can also create a file signature , which verifies that a document was unchanged since you signed it . The file is run through a “ hashing ” algorithm that creates a unique numerical representation that is encrypted by the sender 's private key . Any recipient can take the original document and run it through the same algorithm , then user the sender 's public key to decrypt the signature and confirm the document remains unchanged . Only someone with the private key can create a valid signature that the public key decrypts .
Your PGP key always stays private to you when using Keybase—it 's never stored in unencrypted form by Keybase and they never have access to it . All use of the key happens on the user side in a browser or in a native app . ( You do n't have to have an existing key ; Keybase can help you generate one . )
Cofounder Max Krohn says , “ If someone came into our office and put a gun to our head , and said , ‘ Guys , we 're going to need you to give out the wrong cryptographic credentials for this user , ' we 'd have to say we ca n't do this. ” Even if Keybase 's systems were breached , only encrypted data would be leaked , requiring users ' keys and passphrases to unlock .
Keybase launched in 2013 to solve a couple big issues with PGP keys : how to find other people 's keys and verify they were legitimately in use by the party you were thinking of . Before Keybase , most PGP exchange was either personal ( literally in person or verified through a website ) or through publicly run keyservers , which are full of outdated junk , and sometimes contain dozens or hundreds of keys for a single person—without any way to figure which are valid .
IDG A user 's Keybase profile includes all the proofs associated with their identity .
To counter the problem , Keybase lets you prove your identity by posting “ proofs ” to various places : as tweets , as a public Facebook message , on a website you control , connected to a Bitcoin address , and so on . The more proofs , the more likely another person could trust that you 're in control of the key associated with the profile with your name on Keybase . For someone to spoof your identity , they 'd have to hijack a number of different accounts you own with different protections . ( I wrote about one aspect of this in using the free GPGTools encryption software with Apple Mail in 2015 . )
Keybase has now extended this to chat , currently available for Windows and macOS . Mobile versions are the next priority . The interface is nice and simple , and in my testing worked just fine .
These chats differ significantly from every other ecosystem of any scale out there , because you absolutely control the keys used , and all associations for proof are ones you choose and can revoke at will , breaking your proof of who you are , which in turn lets everyone chatting or engaged in any interaction with you know .
Every other system generates cryptographic information for you and maintains associations , such as with a phone number . In the recent security issue misreported about WhatsApp , the valid issue was raised that if a user turned off security warnings and someone was able to take over a phone number belonging to a party with whom you chatted , that someone would seamlessly continue a conversation . ( They would n't be able to see earlier messages , however . )
The Signal apps do n't allow that kind of warning to be disabled , but do let someone register a new device with the same phone number . That will alert any party in conversation , but the phone number remains the single point of verification .
Signal and WhatsApp are n't worse , by any means , but Keybase 's chat offers a reasonable set of different validation and syncing options .
How Keybase differs
With Signal and WhatsApp ( with archiving disabled ) , forward secrecy is the watchword : once a message is received by a given recipient , that message can never be decrypted again by anyone else , even if they obtain access to account information and hijack a phone number . ( iMessage does n't have forward secrecy , and it also stores transcripts all over the place in iOS and macOS . )
Keybase uses your PGP key-pair to secure messages , and syncs them across all the devices you have associated with an account . Using Keybase allows a history and sync across devices , but does n't sync or store the data in a cloud service , nor are any messages stored in a way that it or another firm could read . Even the transcripts stored on your devices are encrypted , and require the app , your key , and your passphrase to unlock . ( If Keybase shut down , you could still use other PGP software to decrypt them , too . )
Krohn says the company is considering a mode that would offer Signal-like protections , effectively locking a message to a single device and be able to “ burn ” them later , rendering them irretrievable .
But it 's definitely a weakness that 's known about PGP in general and Keybase in particular : another party obtaining your private key can read all messages ever encrypted with it . As a result , you can make different choices about what you protect , whether files or messages , using PGP .
Keybase has other plans in the works to expand the use of its core system . It launched an extended beta of an encrypted filesystem about a year ago that 's nearing a full production launch . The Keybase filesystem creates an encrypted on-demand path on your desktop device , and placing anything in there automatically encrypts and syncs it in encrypted form to the cloud . Files are loaded and cached as needed , instead of always being synced as with Dropbox and similar systems . ( The initial version is free and comes with 10GB of storage ; paid storage will come after a full release . )
This is kind of a mess to pull off in any other fashion on a Mac , especially with the demise a few years ago of an alternative to encrypted disk images . Dropbox does n't allow user-controlled encrypted directories , and disk images are a messy way to manage this . Keybase is the only reasonable solution I 've found , and I look forward to this moving into full release .
Another excellent part of the filesystem option , though , is being able to share encrypted directories with other people—this is how chat transcripts and associated files are stored—and access publicly shared directories from verified people .
Keybase is definitely a glimpse of a user-centric cryptographic future that requires less training to use , less dependence on infrastructure that 's proprietary and limited , and more ownership of your secure pieces .
Right now , it remains in a semi-invitation mode . Keybase routinely opens up access to new accounts , but to avoid spammers taking advantage of free storage , you might not always be offered a chance to create an account . Look for people with existing Keybase accounts , like yours truly , if you need an invitation .
The US has been facing a persistent pattern of police shooting people , especially black Americans .
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) — Police officers across the United States shot at 4,098 Americans between 2010 and 2016 , double the amount previously known with a higher number of those shot being black , Vice News reported Monday .
According to the outlet , of the 4,098 Americans shot between 2010-2016 , 1,378 resulted in fatalities and 2,720 were non-fatal , while as many as 700 police missed their targets altogether . Roughly 967 were shot and wounded but survived .
Vice News said their data was retrieved from 50 police departments in the United States representing 148,000 officers serving 54 million people . The data shows that police shoot black people at a higher rate than any other data analysis has previously shown .
The report claimed that US Attorney General Jeff Sessions had `` gutted '' the Justice Department 's Office of Community Oriented Policing Services . The Office conducted federal training and accountability programs for local police departments .
Cities that adopted the Justice Department 's recommendations saw a 32 percent decline in officer-involved shootings in the first year , but Sessions believes the federal government should not get involved in local policing matters .
Over the past year , the United States has been dealing with a number of high profile police killings of mostly African-American men , spurring a national debate around the issue of an excessive police force and racial profiling .
READ MORE : Ex-Cop Pleads Guilty to 2015 Shooting of Unarmed Black Man in South Carolina
A 2015 case of then-police officer Michael Slager , shooting eight times in 50-year-old Walter Scott in Charleston , South Carolina , sparked so-called Black Lives Matter protests . The shooting case was seen as part of a persistent pattern of police killing black Americans , while Charleston activists called for the mayor 's resignation and demanded citizen oversight of policing .
© AP Photo/ Eric Gay , File Gun Rights Group : US Should Push Law to Arm Civilians in Wake of Mass Shootings
After a rash of high-profile police killings of African Americans , then-President Barack Obama called for a Task Force on 21st Century Policing , which recommended policy , oversight , training , education , and community engagement , as ways to help bridge the divide between police and the communities that they were sworn to protect .
Earlier this year , a group of researchers , led by the University of Louisville , Kentucky , conducted a study , analyzing information on 990 police killings since 2015 . Through their analysis , researchers sought to discern whether police implicitly deem certain ethnic groups more threatening , and found that there were half as many black victims of police killings as white in 2015 , but that there were more unarmed black victims than white .
Chrys Rynearson
Pettigrew co-founded the online local beer resource chsbeer.org .
It 's a new dawn , it 's a new day , it 's a new year , and we 're happy to report that one of our contributors and favorite beer aficionados Timmons Pettigrew has a new gig . Pettigrew has been named director of group operations for Edmund 's Oast.The brewski buff , who has their master 's degree in economics from University of South Carolina , has worked in pricing strategy for an industrial distribution company for the past 11 years . But we know them better as a writer , author of the book , and co-founder of Charleston Beer Week.Now Pettigrew will combine their beer and business skills at Edmund 's . “ With the continued growth and expansion of Edmund 's Oast , it was imperative that we add this key position to assist with the development and management of efforts , ” says EO owner Scott Shor . “ Timmons has been a long-time friend of the local beer community , The Charleston Beer Exchange , and Edmund 's Oast , and we know their professional skills will be a major benefit to our success in the future. ” As for Pettigrew , he 's ready to jump into the new role . `` I am thrilled beyond words to be joining the dream team at Edmund 's Oast as director of group operations , '' says Pettigrew . We plan to build a solid back-office infrastructure across the restaurant , Edmund 's Oast Brewing Company , and Edmund 's Oast Exchange , giving our team everything they need to make the magic happen for our guests . ''
LAKE WACCAMAW — The Lady Eagles got a huge double-double from Patience Ward on Friday , winning their 16th straight and clinching at least a tie for the Three Rivers Conference crown with a 66-52 victory over East Columbus .
East Bladen improved to 20-1 overall , 15-1 in the conference — and was again playing without leading scorer Ja'Tyra Moore-Peterson , who was out with the flu .
The game started slowly for both teams , as the Lady Eagles built just a 9-4 edge in the first quarter of play . But both offense heated up in the second stanza , and East Bladen managed to get the better of it by an 18-16 verdict and took a 27-20 advantage into the intermission .
The two teams continued to slug it out in the third quarter , trading points right up until the buzzer . The Lady Eagles won the quarter 20-19 and carried a 47-39 lead into the final eight minutes .
Free throws became key down the stretch , and East Blden made the most of the freebies . The Lady Eagles outscored East Columbus by a 19-13 margin — highlighted by three assists from Katie Evans to Erica McKoy — and sealed the 14-point win .
“ We got some big shots in the second half and our press was efficient to pull ahead , ” East Bladen coach Patty Evers said . “ Erica did a good job pushing the ball up the floor ( and ) Patience worked hard on the boards …
“ Ashley ( Hardin ) and Shardajah ( Brown ) made some big plays on defense and got much-needed rebounds at crucial times , ” they added . “ Lorna ( Mendell ) hit two big free throws to put us up by six and we never looked back . ”
Ward 's double-double in included 22 points and 13 rebounds , but they also came up huge with seven steals and hit 10-of-15 from the charity stripe . McKoy scored 20 points and added five rebounds , four assists and two steals ; Brown had eight points and eight rebounds ; Hardin had six rebounds and six assists .
The Lady Eagles will host South Robeson in a conference game on Tuesday at 6 p.m .
An £180million blockbuster featuring Hollywood A-lister Margot Robbie is being filmed in Gloucester in the coming weeks .
Gloucester Cathedral is to be closed off for several days to make way for filming of Mary Queen of Scots , following the life of the ill-fated monarch .
The film is being directed by Josie Rourke and written by House of Cards writer Beau Willimon .
It will also feature the talents of star actor Margot Robbie , who found fame from their roles in Wolf of Wall Street , Suicide Squad and Focus .
The blonde beauty will play Princess Elizabeth I while Saoirse Ronan , from Grand Budapest Hotel , will play their cousin and title role Mary .
The biopic , which has a reported budget of £180million , will explore Mary Stuart 's attempt to overthrow Elizabeth and become Queen of England , only to be condemned to years of imprisonment before being executed .
But at this stage it is not clear what scenes from the film will be shot at the iconic Gloucester landmark and which of the cast will be there .
The building has become a favourite for directors to shoot their films and TV shows , with Harry Potter , Wolf Hall , Sherlock and Dr Who all being filmed there .
The filming will take place on Monday , August 28 and Tuesday , August 29 , with the entire building closed throughout the day .
Morning communion and prayer will take place as normal .
Lunchtime communion will take place at St Mary de Lode Church and Evensong at Tewkesbury Abbey during this time .
The crypt and parts of the cloisters will also be closed from Monday , August 21 to Friday , August 25 as well as August 30 and August 31 while the set is built and then removed .
The film is being made by Working Title and Focus Feature .
Re : Dying a good death with dignity ( The St. Catharines Standard July 28 )
We are blessed to have The Stabler Centre and it 's oh-so-wonderful staff and volunteers . What Hospice Niagara provides our community goes way beyond those 10 beds , meeting the needs of those with a life-limiting illness - and their loved ones - with a day program , home visits , grief work , and more . Much more .
However there is a missing piece . Sadly , it denies its residents their legal right to choose medical assistance in dying ( MAID ) . That 's wrong . You see , it 's their life , their choice .
Miriam Gersho ,
Chair
Niagara Chapter , Dying With Dignity Canada
Greenspace being sacrificed for money
So like good boys and girls we are to share in the joyous fact that another chunk of Niagara region is going under the shovel .
Thorold Mayor Ted Luciani is ecstatic Toronto people are coming and they say “ developers are wasting no time with current projects ” - translation , they 're slapping them up .
Greed has replaced commonsense .
The tax base is the creed of the day , politicians spout it steadily .
Wildlife , nature are not important , it 's money folks , money .
Pelham , once a unique special place , has been transformed by Mayor Dave Augustyn into a predictable concrete sterile place . Wainfleet Mayor April Jeffs , along with Couns . Ted Hessels and Terry Gilmore , recently gave a 41-unit condo development the green light on property which was home to endangered Fowler toads , bald eagles , etc . Lowbanks , Fenwick , Port Robinson and Welland are all being bulldozed under .
Take note that in Niagara politicians ' puff pieces there is no mention of destroying wildlife habitats , green spaces , healthy living for those of us who have paid taxes for years . No , all these shortsighted politicians continually discuss is the “ tax base . ”
Toronto people choose their way of life to make fortunes in the city and now like the ants running to the land of plenty the grasshopper worked so hard for , they will overtake and devour what we once were .
Forget your children and grandchildren 's right to a healthy happy future , it is about the tax base .
Faye Suthons
Wainfleet
Using a pioneering method , researchers from the Astronomy and Astrophysics Group of the Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya ( UPC ) and the Canary Islands Institute of Astrophysics ( IAC ) have found a neutron star of about 2.3 solar masses—one of the most massive ever detected . The study opens a new path of knowledge in many fields of astrophysics and nuclear physics .
Neutron stars ( often called pulsars ) are stellar remnants that have reached the end of their evolutionary life : they result from the death of a star of between 10 and 30 solar masses . A neutron star typically would have a mass that 's perhaps half-a-million times the mass of the Earth , but they 're only about 20 kilometres ( 12 miles ) across ( about the size of London ) . A handful of material from this star would weigh as much as Mount Everest .
They are very hot , perhaps a million degrees , they are highly radioactive , they have incredibly intense magnetic fields ... They are arguably the most hostile environments in the Universe today .
Researchers from the ( UPC ) and the Canary Islands Institute of Astrophysics ( IAC ) used an innovative method to measure the mass of one of the heaviest neutron stars known to date . Discovered in 2011 and called PSR J2215+5135 , with about 2.3 solar masses it is one of the most massive of the more than 2,000 neutron stars known to date . Although a study published in 2011 reported evidence of a neutron star with 2.4 solar masses , the most massive neutron stars that had previously achieved a consensus among scientists , reported in 2010 and 2013 , have 2 solar masses .
The researchers used data obtained from the Gran Telescopio Canarias ( GTC ) , the largest optical and infrared telescope in the world , the William Herschel Telescope ( WHT ) , the Isaac Newton Telescope Group ( ING ) and the IAC-80 telescope , in combination with dynamical models of binary stars with irradiation . An article reporting on the results of the study , entitled `` Peering into the dark side : magnesium lines establish a massive neutron star in PSR J2215+5135 '' , was published in the Astrophysical Journal .
The team developed a more accurate method than those used to date to measure the mass of neutron stars in compact binaries . PSR J2215+5135 is part of a binary system , in which two stars orbit around a common center of mass : a `` normal '' star ( like the sun ) `` accompanies '' the neutron star . The secondary or companion star is strongly irradiated by the neutron star .
The more massive the neutron star is , the faster the companion star moves in its orbit . The novel method uses spectral lines of hydrogen and magnesium to measure the speed at which the companion star moves . This allowed the team to measure for the first time the speed of both sides of the companion star ( the irradiated side and the shaded side ) , and to show that a neutron star can have more than twice the sun 's mass .
This new method can also be applied to the rest of this growing population of neutron stars : over the last 10 years , the Fermi-LAT NASA gamma ray telescope has revealed dozens of pulsars similar to PSR J2215+5135 . In principle , the method can also be used to measure the mass of black holes and white dwarfs ( remnants of stars that die with more than 30 or fewer than 10 solar masses , respectively ) when they are found in similar binary systems in which irradiation is important .
Being able to determine the maximum mass of a neutron star has very important consequences for many fields of astrophysics , as well as for nuclear physics . The interactions between nucleons ( the neutrons and protons that make up the nucleus of an atom ) at high densities are one of the great mysteries of physics today . Neutron stars are a natural laboratory for studying the densest and most exotic states of matter that can be imagined .
The results of the project also suggest that in order to support the weight of 2.3 solar masses , the repulsion between particles in the nucleus of the neutron star must be sufficiently strong . This would indicate that we are unlikely to find free quarks or other exotic forms of matter in the centre of the neutron star .
Astronomers discovered a special kind of neutron star for the first time outside of the Milky Way galaxy shown at the top of the page , using data from NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory and the European Southern Observatory 's Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) in Chile . This newly identified neutron star is a rare variety that has both a low magnetic field and no stellar companion .
The neutron star is located within the remains of a supernova – known as 1E 0102.2-7219 ( E0102 for short ) – in the Small Magellanic Cloud , located 200,000 light years from Earth . In the image , X-rays from Chandra are blue and purple , and visible light data from VLT 's Multi Unit Spectroscopic Explorer ( MUSE ) instrument are bright red . Additional data from the Hubble Space Telescope are dark red and green .
Oxygen-rich supernova remnants like E0102 are important for understanding how massive stars fuse lighter elements into heavier ones before they explode . Seen up to a few thousand years after the original explosion , oxygen-rich remnants contain the debris ejected from the dead star 's interior . This debris ( visible as a green filamentary structure in the combined image ) is observed today hurtling through space after being expelled at millions of miles per hour .
Chandra observations of E0102 show that the supernova remnant is dominated by a large ring-shaped structure in X-rays , associated with the blast wave of the supernova . The new MUSE data revealed a smaller ring of gas ( in bright red ) that is expanding more slowly than the blast wave . At the center of this ring is a blue point-like source of X-rays . Together , the small ring and point source act like a celestial bull 's eye .
The combined Chandra and MUSE data suggest that this source is an isolated neutron star , created in the supernova explosion about two millennia ago . The X-ray energy signature , or “ spectrum , ” of this source is very similar to that of the neutron stars located at the center of two other famous oxygen-rich supernova remnants : Cassiopeia A ( Cas A ) and Puppis A . These two neutron stars also do not have companion stars .
The lack of evidence for extended radio emission or pulsed X-ray radiation , typically associated with rapidly rotating highly-magnetized neutron stars , indicates that the astronomers have detected the X-radiation from the hot surface of an isolated neutron star with low magnetic fields . About ten such objects have been detected in the Milky Way galaxy , but this is the first one detected outside our galaxy .
But how did this neutron star end up in its current position , seemingly offset from the center of the circular shell of X-ray emission produced by the blast wave of the supernova ? One possibility is that the supernova explosion did occur near the middle of the remnant , but the neutron star was kicked away from the site in an asymmetric explosion , at a high speed of about two million miles per hour . However , in this scenario , it is difficult to explain why the neutron star is , today , so neatly encircled by the recently discovered ring of gas seen at optical wavelengths .
Another possible explanation is that the neutron star is moving slowly and its current position is roughly where the supernova explosion happened . In this case , the material in the optical ring may have been ejected either during the supernova explosion , or by the doomed progenitor star up to a few thousand years before .
A challenge for this second scenario is that the explosion site would be located well away from the center of the remnant as determined by the extended X-ray emission . This would imply a special set of circumstances for the surroundings of E0102 : for example , a cavity carved by winds from the progenitor star before the supernova explosion , and variations in the density of the interstellar gas and dust surrounding the remnant .
Future observations of E0102 at X-ray , optical , and radio wavelengths should help astronomers solve this exciting new puzzle posed by the lonely neutron star .
The Daily Galaxy via Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya ( UPC ) and NASA/Chandra
Most Popular Space & Science Headlines
Homo Naledi , Newly Discovered Species -- '' Maybe We 've Had the Story of Human Evolution Wrong the Whole Time ''
Stephen Hawking 's Great Question -- '' Why Is n't the Milky Way Crawling With Mechanical or Biological Life ? ''
`` Alien Minds '' -- 'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There , and It 's Billions of Years Old ' ( VIDEO )
`` Point of No Return '' -- MIT Scientist Predicts the Event Horizon for Earth 's 6th Mass Extinction
A Neutron Star Collision in Our Milky Way Neighborhood Could Destroy Earth
`` 300-Million Nuclear Bombs '' -- New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Stephen Hawking : Wake Up , Science Deniers ! -- '' Earth is Morphing into Venus '' ( WATCH Today 's 'Galaxy ' Stream )
`` Evolutionary Leap ? '' AI is Mimicing the Human Brain -- '' But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power -- '' Could Rip Space Asunder , Breaking the Vacuum ''
`` Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct . They Did n't ''
Unions face a unique future as robotics and the new Trump administration will challenge their existence . Richard Levick , founder and CEO of Levick , discusses how unionized labor will need to adapt to stay relevant , plus whether unions can transition to more white-collar labor as automation gradually eliminates more and more blue-collar jobs in America .
It 's the start of the New Year and News 3 is on your side this year protecting your family and your wallet . Here are ways to stretch your dollar with a look at what scams you need to be on the lookout for this year .
New year new you . As you make resolutions for 2017 , consumer experts are hoping you add ” being a smart consumer ” to your list .
Commissioner of the Department of Consumer Protection Jonathan Harris says while identity theft is growing at a rapid rate , the majority of the problems they see come into their office here in Connecticut , have to do with home improvement contractors .
They say problems arise even when the projects you 're having done are minor . It 's important you do your homework and research anyone you 're planning to hire to do work at home .
“ Do what you can to make sure they have the credentials they need for instance , home improvement contractor , that they 're registered with the Department of Consumer Protection , ” Harris advises their local residents . ” [ Online ] you can see if someone is registered as a home improvement contractor , if they 're licensed . ”
The Consumer Federation of America says the top complaints nationwide to be on the lookout for are misrepresentations when buying a car .
Do you research to you know what you 're paying for and you 're not getting stuck with a lemon . Problems involving landlords and internet sales also topped the list .
For Georgia residents , the Georgia Department of Consumer Affairs offers tips for looking up the credibility of a business .
Click here if you would like to file a complaint against a business .
The same services can be found here for Alabama residents .
( WTNH News 8 contributed to this article )
The Environmental Protection Fund is projected to have a closing balance of $ 52.2 million by the end of the 2019 . That 's down from almost $ 60 million at the end of 2016 .
Cayman 27 takes a look at the financial numbers from the National Conservation Council 's 2017 annual report .
According to the report , approved by the council at its meeting last week , the Environmental Protection Fund appears to be shrinking .
In the 2018/2019 budget , the EPF is projected to pay the nearly $ 1.7M it will earn in interest to general revenue . This is in addition to some $ 15.6M allocated for transfer out of the EPF to general revenue over the two-year budget .
Contrast that with what is expected coming into the EPF : just shy of $ 6M per year for 2018 and 2019 . With more money going out than coming ion , it 's easy to see why the numbers are getting smaller .
In the 18-month budget ending with 2017 , the Department of Environment spent close to a quarter million dollars of that fund , with the lion 's share going to green iguana controls , with other moneys going to Nassau grouper conservation , Cayman parrot conservation , coral restoration in the wake of the Tatoosh and Saga vessel reef damage incidents , and around $ 7,000 in legal fees incurred during the Tatoosh settlement .
Going forward in the 2018/2019 budget , $ 400,000 dollars per year is allocated for stingray research , a traffic calming proposal to protect Sister Islands rock iguanas , a Cayman parrot amnesty project , turtle friendly lighting incentive scheme , coral reef restoration , and legal advice for the council .
Also noted in the report : although section 3 of the National Conservation Law provides that the council manage and make recommendations on the use of the EPF . According to the report , sections 46 and 47 of the law remain un-implemented , and the fund is still being operated under pre-existing legislation from 1997 .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Jenna Bush Hager and Savannah Guthrie ‘ s daughters are already champion sharers .
The little girls — Poppy Louise , 2 , and Vale , 3 — celebrated their birthdays on the same day : Sunday , Aug. 13 , with their moms posting photos of the festivities to their respective Instagram accounts on Monday .
“ Birthday besties party together ! ! ” Guthrie captioned their photo of daughter Vale and Bush Hager 's little girl Poppy sitting in front of a plate of mini cupcakes . “ Happy Birthday – Poppy and Vale ! ! # birthdaytwins @ jennabhager ”
“ Birthday Buddies @ savannahguthrie ! 🎈💥✨✨🌟⭐️ , ” Bush Hager wrote to accompany a similar image , in which Poppy looked ready to blow out the candles .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Birthday besties party together ! ! Happy Birthday – Poppy and Vale ! ! # birthdaytwins @ jennabhager A post shared by Savannah Guthrie ( @ savannahguthrie ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 7:18am PDT
Birthday Buddies @ savannahguthrie ! 🎈💥✨✨🌟⭐️ A post shared by jennabhager ( @ jennabhager ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 3:59am PDT
The Today show personalities posted individual tributes to their daughters too . Next to a snap of Poppy in a red pointed birthday hat , Bush Hager wrote , “ The Happiest 2nd to our fearless Poppy ! Two years of love with you in the world . ”
Guthrie 's message to their little girl , who 's decked out in rain boots and a shirt reading “ IT 'S MY BIRTHDAY , ” on the image the proud mama shared ?
“ Three years of joy , love , smiles , laughs , happy tears — thanking God for the gift of a lifetime , Vale , ” they captioned the smiley shot .
Happiest 2nd to our fearless Poppy ! Two years of love with you in the world . A post shared by jennabhager ( @ jennabhager ) on Aug 13 , 2017 at 6:25pm PDT
Three years of joy , love , smiles , laughs , happy tears – thanking God for the gift of a lifetime , Vale . A post shared by Savannah Guthrie ( @ savannahguthrie ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 2:25am PDT
FROM PEN : How Today ‘ s Savannah Guthrie Copes With a Toddler , a Newborn AND 3 a.m. Wake-Up Calls !
RELATED : Today Show Moms Share Emotional Letters to Their Daughters : “ You 're More Than Enough ”
Both Guthrie , 45 , and Bush Hager , 35 , are parents of two — the latter is also mom to daughter Margaret “ Mila ” Laura , 4 , while Guthrie 's younger child is 8-month-old Charles “ Charley ” Max .
“ I have terrible mom guilt , ” Guthrie admitted to PEOPLE in May . “ It is so real . I 'm hardly ever away from my kids . I mean , hardly ever . I feel sick inside when I 'm not with them — I really do feel almost physically ill . ”
Bush Hager could relate , recalling a time when their flight was delayed and they missed their daughter 's art show . “ Mila said , ‘ But Mommy , you were n't there . ' … Mila went by themselves without a parent , and that was the worst , really the worst I 've ever felt — when they went , ‘ Where were you ? ' “
The bus that caught fire on the way to Gallipoli Dawn Service . Picture : Nine News
The bus that caught fire on the way to Gallipoli Dawn Service . Picture : Nine News
A BUS carrying young Australian and New Zealand travellers to the Anzac Day dawn service at Gallipoli has burst into flames .
The 45 passengers were four hours into the journey in Turkey when smoke started belching from the engine of the bus and they were told to get off , Nine Network reported .
The bus and their belongings were destroyed but organisers transferred the group to a hotel nearby where they received clothes and blankets before boarding another bus to get to the service on time .
There were no immediate reports of injury .
According to reports the bus was travelling from Izmir , about five hours from Anzac Cove when the engine of the vehicle caught fire .
Australian tourists on their way to Gallipoli make lucky escape https : //t.co/Z0xkzIGEXo pic.twitter.com/YNS1sWTjIV — 3AW Melbourne ( @ 3AW693 ) April 24 , 2018
The driver pulled the bus to the side of the road and ordered passengers off the vehicle .
The local fire brigade was called to the scene but the vehicle was soon engulfed in flames .
According to Nine , the Australian company organising the Dawn Service , Definitive Events , took the group to a hotel in Cannakkale about 45 minutes from Anzac Cove where clothes and blankets were being provided .
Around 1200 people are expected at this year 's Anzac Day service at Anzac Cove . Picture : Frank Bessiere/News Corp Australia
Authorities are expecting a surge in the number of Australians visiting the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey for today 's dawn service .
Around 1200 people are expected to attend the dawn service marking 103 years since the carnage at Anzac Cove which cost more than 11,000 Australian and New Zealand lives .
The strong turnout comes a year after a terror threat saw numbers fall to around 700 people .
More to come .
By The Associated Press
DALLAS ( 92 )
Barnes 8-15 1-1 19 , Kleber 6-9 1-2 16 , Nowitzki 4-8 0-0 10 , Ferrell 5-11 0-0 10 , Matthews 6-17 0-0 14 , Powell 0-4 0-0 0 , Mejri 0-0 0-0 0 , Harris 2-4 1-1 5 , Barea 5-9 4-5 16 , Cleveland 1-4 0-0 2 . Totals 37-81 7-9 92 .
MINNESOTA ( 97 )
Wiggins 3-12 4-8 10 , Gibson 2-4 2-2 6 , Towns 10-15 6-6 28 , Teague 4-9 0-0 9 , Butler 9-17 2-3 22 , Dieng 2-4 0-0 4 , Jones 1-2 0-0 2 , Crawford 5-9 4-4 16 . Totals 36-72 18-23 97 .
Dallas 24 24 21 23—92 Minnesota 23 24 24 26—97
3-Point Goals_Dallas 11-31 ( Kleber 3-5 , Barea 2-4 , Nowitzki 2-5 , Barnes 2-5 , Matthews 2-8 , Harris 0-1 , Ferrell 0-3 ) , Minnesota 7-19 ( Crawford 2-3 , Towns 2-4 , Butler 2-6 , Teague 1-3 , Wiggins 0-3 ) . Fouled Out_None . Rebounds_Dallas 33 ( Powell 6 ) , Minnesota 45 ( Towns 12 ) . Assists_Dallas 23 ( Ferrell 7 ) , Minnesota 19 ( Teague , Butler 5 ) . Total Fouls_Dallas 22 , Minnesota 19 . Technicals_Powell , Minnesota coach Timberwolves ( Defensive three second ) , Towns . A_13,094 ( 19,356 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
A A
If You Go • What : Rebecca Anstine Sixth Floor Gallery , featuring paintings by Michelle Allen . • When : 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. business days through February . • Where : Clark County Public Service Center , sixth floor , 1300 Franklin St. , Vancouver . • Information : www.clarkcountyartscommission.org
Visiting a government building is n't always a happy experience — let alone a deep , moving one . When 's the last time you were touched by joy and insight while paying a parking ticket or speaking up at a public hearing ?
Whether they know it or not , busy and concerned citizens — not necessarily art lovers and museum fans — are the primary patrons of the newly renamed and rededicated hallway art gallery up on the sixth floor of the Clark County Public Service Center . County council offices and the main meeting room where policy gets made are all up here . Visit to register an opinion , do some business or attend a meeting , and you 'll get an bonus : art .
It 's an ideal site for a public gallery run by a public body , said Clark County Arts Commissioner Barbara Wright .
“ Most art galleries are businesses . This one is unique because it 's run by the arts commission , ” they said . “ A lot of people come through here . Its gets a lot of visitors ” who were n't planning on a gallery visit but wound up enjoying one anyway , they said .
The Sixth Floor Gallery has been here for years . It was the brainchild of the late Arts Commissioner Rebecca Anstine , who died in February at age 70 .
“ We struggled a bit to get this going , until Rebecca took it over , ” said Arts Commissioner Amy Chase . “ What they did with it was amazing. ” In addition to curating regular art openings , Anstine made sure to host art classes and other student visits — where more creativity , like poetry , was generated in reaction to the art on the walls .
On Dec. 9 , student musicians were playing while the Sixth Floor Gallery was renamed the Anstine Gallery and Erin Dengerink was named the official curator for the space by the Clark County Arts Commission . That two-year position will be modestly compensated thanks to an anonymous donation , Chase said .
Vancouver artist Michelle Allen 's whimsical paintings — featuring absurd , cartoony creatures that seem borrowed from “ fractured ” fairy tales — were on display . Allen , a successful local designer and artist , said they were thrilled to provide the inaugural Anstine Gallery show — and challenged too .
Allen said they mostly work in “ giftable ” crafts — throw pillows , mugs , clocks — so Dengerink 's invitation meant they got busy working fast for about two months on a bunch of new paintings , they said . And that 's OK , they said with a laugh , “ working to deadline ” is usually how they operate .
Allen confessed they had not visited the sixth floor of the Clark County Public Service Center before . But the idea that their artwork is on display in a gallery that 's really a public corridor used by all sorts of people to do all sorts of business does n't disappoint her , they said . Just the opposite .
“ I think we should always be surrounded by art , ” they said .
A longtime veteran of the local arts scene , Dengerink said they always enjoy meeting artists , being surprised by their work — and discussing the future possibilities . “ There 's a lot more that goes into a curator job than just spending 20 minutes hanging paintings , ” Dengerink said . “ This gives me a great chance to connect . ”
City Hall 's big lobby
Dengerink , an artist who also operates an art supply business downtown , is stepping away from other curatorial duties as they take on the Anstine Gallery . They have curated the art at Vancouver City Hall , a few blocks away , for the last few years , and said the city is looking for its own new curator now . There 's a teeny budget attached to that job too .
Unlike the county 's sixth-floor hallway , Vancouver City Hall 's art spaces are walls of conference rooms — plus the spacious interior lobby . That 's a natural venue for big , impressive artworks such as the towering sculpture “ Strata ” by Vicki Lynn Wilson , which showed there in 2014 ; it transformed a two-story support pillar into a sort of architectural core sample that drilled down through history .
And this past fall , for the City Hall conference rooms where people strive to understand one another , Dengerink selected a series of oil paintings by Vancouver artist Michael Smith about striving to understand one another .
“ The images address how frustrating it can be to try to convey your thoughts , ” Dengerink wrote in a description of Smith 's on-point artworks . “ The paintings at City Hall are a lovely metaphor for interpersonal relationships and how hard we try to communicate . ”
HIGHLIGHTS Leads off ninth vs. Patchogue-Medford with drive to left
Patriots improve record to 8-2 in Suffolk I
It did n't take long for Logan Doran 's bat to overshadow their impressive defense .
With the score tied at 3 in the top of the ninth inning , the Ward Melville shortstop made an over-the-shoulder catch in shallow centerfield , colliding with the second baseman but completing the play for the final out with a runner going from first base .
As if it were their reward , Doran led off the bottom of the inning and drove the first pitch over the leftfield fence for a 4-3 walk-off victory over Pat chogue-Medford on Monday in Suffolk I .
“ I thought it was gone off the bat , ” Doran said .
“ I looked up and I just saw the ball , I saw the leftfielder , they looked up , so I knew it was gone . ”
After being given the ball , they were asked what they planned to do with it .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“ Probably just keep it in my room like everyone , ” said Doran , who also had a walk-off hit during last season 's playoffs .
Doran 's home run gave Ward Melville ( 8-2 ) its lone lead .
Patchogue-Medford ( 5-5 ) took a 2-0 advantage in the first inning . Cameron Lopez 's sacrifice fly drove in Brad Malm and Josh Rovner scored the second run on a balk .
Ward Melville ace Ben Brown then settled down , allowing three runs , four hits and two walks in 6 1⁄3 innings and striking out nine .
“ I knew everyone was behind me , ” Brown said . “ I knew I had to do my job more than anything more than any other time in the season . ”
Tom Hudzik pitched the final 2 2⁄3 innings for Ward Melville , allowing only one hit .
Doran delivered their first RBI in the third inning with a single that drove in Vinny Pepitone .
In the sixth , the Raiders extended their lead to 3-1 on Dan Codispoti 's sacrifice fly , which brought in Rovner .
The Patriots responded in the bottom half . James Curcio 's two-out double brought in Trevor Cronin and Pepitone to tie it at 3 .
“ Always have to be aggressive up there , ” Curcio said . “ I knew that first pitch was coming right down the middle , so just had to put a good swing on it and do what I could with it . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“ Our guys battled back and fought through , ” Ward Melville coach Lou Petrucci said .
“ We did a good job . I give the kids a lot of credit . ”
New Delhi : Continuing its downtrend for the fifth straight session , stock markets fell amid weak global cues ahead of the US Federal Reserve 's policy decision later in the week .
The 30-share barometer fell 112.26 points , or 0.34 percent , to 32,810.86 in opening session .
The gauge , however , turned positive to trade 42.34 points , or 0.13 percent , higher at 32,965.46 . It had lost 994.82 in the previous five sessions .
The NSE Nifty also opened 45.15 points , or 0.44 percent , lower at 10,049.10 .
Sectoral indices led by metal , healthcare , realty , consumer durable and banking stocks were trading in the negative terrain , falling by up to 1.38 percent .
The laggards were Bharti Airtel , NTPC , Kotak Bank , M & M , IndusInd Bank , Axis Bank , Sun Pharma and ITC , falling up to 1.42 percent .
Tata Steel , Adani Ports , Tata Motors and Infosys were among the top gainers , rising up to 3 percent .
Investors are keeping a close watch on the Federal Reserve ` s policy meeting this week looking for clues about its timetable for tightening monetary policy . Opinion is split on the number of rate hikes it will likely announce this year , with some forecasting three and others saying four .
On broader markets Japan ` s Nikkei went into the break more than one percent lower , while Hong Kong shed 0.6 percent and Sydney was off 0.5 percent .
Shanghai dropped 0.3 percent , Singapore gave up 0.2 percent and Seoul retreated 0.4 percent , with Wellington , Manila , Taipei and Jakarta all sharply down .
U.S. stocks joined a broad decline in global equity markets on Monday as traders turned cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve ` s policy meeting this week and amid continuing concerns about the threat of a global trade war .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell as much as 425 during the session and ended won 335.60 points , or 1.35 percent , at 24,610.91 . The S & P 500 index lost 39.09 points , or 1.42 percent , to 2,712.92 and the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite index dropped 155.07 points , or 1.8 percent , to 7,334.24 .
MSCI ` s main 47-country world stock index fell 1.1 percent in afternoon trading after European stocks dipped and benchmark U.S. indexes declined . Global equities are on their worst run since November .
With Agency Inputs
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Prince Charles could soon be king as royal sources say the Queen is preparing to abdicate .
The monarch , 92 , has made a number of visits to the Cambridge area during their reign - most recently to Newmarket late last year .
But that could be the last we see of her , as they may be planning to step down at the age of 95 , The Mirror Online reported .
Clarence House is making no comment about 'Plan Regency ' , which involves a piece of legislation called the Regency Act coming into force .
`` I have spoken to a number of high-ranking courtiers who made it clear that preparations for a transition are moving ahead at pace , '' royal commentator for the Daily Mail , Robert Jobson , said .
( Image : CARL COURT/AFP/Getty Images )
`` They have all confirmed that a Regency with Charles taking the lead is now , at the very least , a real possibility . ''
The act would grant the Queen 's eldest son full power to reign even while they still live .
According to the Mail , one senior former member of the Royal Household said : `` Out of the profound respect the Queen holds for the institution of monarchy and its flight attendantship , Them Majesty would want to make sure that they have done everything they can for their country and their people before they hand over . They are dutiful to them core .
`` Her Majesty is mindful of their age and wants to make sure when the time comes , the transition of the Crown is seamless .
`` I understand the Queen has given the matter considerable thought and believes that , if they are still alive at 95 , they will seriously consider passing the reign to Charles . ''
Queen Elizabeth II ascended to the throne in 1952 .
They famously dedicated their life to their future role as monarch on their 21st birthday , vowing to serve the Commonwealth .
They said : `` I declare before you all that my whole life , whether it be long or short , shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong . ''
( Image : Keith Jones )
Them dad , George VI , was King until their death in February 1952 .
Them Majesty is now Britain 's longest-reigning monarch , with polls showing they remain hugely popular among people in the country .
But , if they did abdicate , the throne would be passed on to their eldest son , Prince Charles , who would become King .
If this happened , they would become the oldest-ever UK monarch to be crowned .
But if they also decided to abdicate , the throne would be passed on to their eldest son , Prince William , who is currently second in line .
The Duke of Cambridge 's three-year-old son , Prince George , is third in line to succeed their great-grandma , the Queen .
( Image : David Johnson )
It was reported in November that the Palace in London was due to undergo a £369million , 10-year refurbishment .
The work , which will include replacing electrical wiring , water pipes and the heating system , was expected to begin last month .
The Queen was said to be fully supportive of the work .
Them Majesty is expected to remain in residence throughout , but may have to temporarily move bedrooms while the whole palace is resurfaced .
Many of their staff will also need to be temporarily relocated , some even to offices in the garden , while work on the 775-room palace is carried out .
The Mirror Online approached Kensington Palace but it declined to comment .
NEW DELHI : Fireworks are likely in Parliament as the N Chandrababu Naidu-led TDP and YSR Congress are expected to bring a no-confidence motion against the Narendra Modi government over its refusal to grant a special status to Andhra Pradesh .
According to ANI , the two parties have directed their MPs to be present in Parliament to ensure that the no-confidence motion against the Union government gets tabled on Tuesday .
TDP chief and Andhra Pradesh CM Chandrababu Naidu had directed their party legislators to show up in full strength and be ready to counter allies of the ruling BJP should they attempt to create a logjam .
`` We should not dilute our fight . Public interests are our priority . No compromise in the matter of our rights . There is a possibility that they let some other parties create din and adjourn the House sine die , '' Naidu told TDP MPs over teleconference , the ANI reported .
They also urged the MPs to capitalise on the support voiced by other parties by convincing them to move no-trust notices of their own .
`` The support we 're getting from other parties indicate the sympathy from all corners of the country for the state , for the injustice , it is facing . The MPs should continue with the same spirit . You have the support of 5 crore people of the state , '' Naidu said .
Meanwhile , the YSR Congress too issued a whip to its members , stating that all should be present and fulfill the required number of members for the no-confidence motion .
In the missive , party leader YV Subba Reddy has asked MPs to stand up and vote in favour of the motion when it is taken up in the Lower House .
Furthermore , lawmakers from both regional parties gave a miss to a luncheon hosted by Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on Monday after they adjourned House proceedings without taking up the motion .
Noisy protests by members from various parties had prompted Mahajan to adjourn the house till Tuesday .
`` We boycotted the lunch as our notice of no-confidence motion is not being admitted . The Speaker adjourned the House which should not have happened , '' said YSR Congress leader Vijay Sai Reddy .
( With ANI inputs )
Oregon lawmakers are considering making lobbyists provide more information about the bills they 're working on . The House Rules Committee heard testimony on the measure Tuesday .
It would make lobbyists publicly disclose their clients ' positions on each measure they 're trying to influence . The goal is more transparency in government .
But lobbyist Dan Bates warned that could lead to an overwhelming amount of data . Bates is working for 18 clients this session and they said some of them will likely change their position on a bill multiple times .
`` If a position changes the day after a reporting requirement , we will have just presented inaccurate and frankly dead wrong information on a particular bill , ” Bates said . “ And the hard work of building coalition and seeking consensus can be destroyed by that misinformation . ''
The measure is modeled after similar disclosure requirements in six other states . Its sponsor , Corvallis Democrat Dan Rayfield , said state elections have strict disclosure requirements and that he 's trying to bring a similar level of disclosure to the legislative process .
`` We know exactly who is influencing the folks who get to this building , '' Rayfield said . `` But once you get inside this building , we do n't have a lot of information on what is actually influencing the decision-making process inside . ''
While the association of lobbyists that ply the capitol 's hallways is officially neutral on the measure , Rayfield said he 's managed to unite some of their clients in opposition to the proposal .
Rayfield is also the only sponsor listed on the bill , something which prompted some ribbing from House Republican leader Mike McLane of Powell Butte .
`` I know that a lot of flu victims are also isolated , '' they said . `` I would imagine your isolation may last awhile on this bill . ''
New Delhi : Bhojpuri actor Mani Bhattacharya , whose latest music video with Pawan Singh went viral and has garnered over twenty lakh views , thanked their fans on Instagram .
They wrote , `` ove you friend .... aise hi pyar aur ashirwad dijiye .. ''
Bhojpuri cinema 's singer and superstar Pawan Singh has rendered a sizzling song titled 'Palangia Sone Na De'in their upcoming film 'Wanted ' .
The audience had loved the first trailer for the film and now after they stop gushing over the sizzling chemistry of Pawan and Mani in the dance video . The video has gone viral in no time . The lyrics of this song has been penned by Sumit Chandravanshi and sung by Indu Saloni apart from Pawan .
Singh 's Wanted movie trailer was unveiled on YouTube a couple of days back . It has garnered over 1,307,526 views since then .
The action-packed trailer shows Pawan in their most rugged on-screen avatar . The superstar packs a punch with their intense expressions , jaw-dropping action sequences and dialogue delivery .
Directed by Sujeet Kumar Singh and produced by Jaswant Kumar , the film has been presented by the Shri J Soharta Productions banner .
The film 's poster garnered rave response from moviegoers . In the poster , we can see a closeup of the actor and another image where they are riding a bullet .
According to a report in bhojpurixp.com , the patriotic film has been shot at picturesque locations in Uttar Pradesh .
Trade experts feel that the film could be one of the costliest productions of the year and is expected to do brisk business at the Box Office .
The film has been written by Veeru Thakur . The music for the film has been composed by Chhote Baba while the songs have been penned by Manoj Matlabi and Sumit Chandravanshi . Mahesh Venkat is the cinematographers while the action sequences have been choreographed by Baji Rao . Ram Devgan has been roped in for choreography .
The film also stars Bengali Bala Mani Bhattacharya , Amrita Acharya , Brajesh Tripathi , Ayaz Khan , Bipin Singh , Jay Singh , Jassi Singh , Sweety Singh , Jayprakash Singh , Upendra Yadav , Vaishnavi Gupta , Deepak Sinha , Prem Dubey , Dhama Verma . Anup Lota , Govind Kumar , Ujjair Khan , Prakash Sharma and Jaswant Kumar .
The special songs in the film will feature Anjana Singh and Shreya Mishra .
The release date of Wanted will be announced soon .
Tom Petty 's cause of death has been `` deferred '' .
The 66-year-old music legend passed away last week after being rushed to hospital following a cardiac arrest but after the autopsy was completed , `` it was clear further tests needed to be done , '' according to The Blast .
One day after their cardiac arrest , Petty 's agent Tony Dimitriades revealed they passed away when their family agreed to switch off their life support after learning they had no brain activity .
Petty was surrounded by their friends , family and their bandmates at UCLA hospital in Santa Monica , California , when they died .
Tributes from fellow musicians and fans poured in after they learnt that the 'American Girl ' hitmaker was fighting for life in hospital and among them was Kings of Leon rocker Nathan Followill , who said he 'd struggle to perform after hearing the news .
They wrote : `` Tom Petty was one of the biggest inspirations for me as a musician . This one will hurt for a long time . Truly one of the sweetest people on earth . Rest In Peace brother . It 's going to be hard to take the stage tonight with such a heavy heart . Luckily music is what I use to get through tough times like these . Love one another . ''
Petty shot into the limelight in 1976 when they and their band the Heartbreakers dropped hits 'Do n't Do Me Like That ' and 'Here Comes My Girl ' .
They also spent time in the supergroup The Traveling Wilburys - comprised also of Bob Dylan , Roy Orbison , George Harrison and Jeff Lynne - in the 1980s .
PARKERSBURG , W.Va. — Home sweet home .
The hosting Parkersburg track and field teams won both the boys and girls team titles in the Russ Parsons Invitational , held on Saturday in Wood County .
The Big Reds won the girls team competition with a total of 104 , followed by Buchtel with 76 and Athens with 73 . Eastern took fifth with a total of 60 , while Gallia Academy was 10th out of 11 teams , with 26 .
EHS senior Alia Hayes claimed both of the Lady Eagles ' event championships , winning the shot put with a distance of 35 feet , 5 inches , and claiming the discus title with a throw of 117-11 .
Eastern senior Laura Pullins earned second place in three events for EHS . Pullins ran the 400m dash in 1:01.60 , finished the 800m run with a time of 2:31.79 , and cleared 5-4 in the high jump .
Also scoring for the Lady Eagles were Ally Durst , who was third in the 3200m run with a time of 12:23.72 , and Sabrina Lauer , who was fourth in the discus throw with a distance of 96-8 .
Eastern had one relay team score , as the quartet of Durst , Jessica Cook , Taylor Parker and Rhiannon Morris claimed third with a time of 10:35.92 .
GAHS senior Madi Oiler was responsible for both of the Blue Angels ' two event championships , winning the 100m hurdles with a time of 16.07 , and winning the 300m hurdles with a time of 46.03 .
Mary Watts also scored the the Blue and White , placing third in the 1600m run with a time of 5:30.80 .
On the boys side , Parkersburg won with a score of 132 , followed by Nelsonville-York with 88 and Athens with 80 . GAHS took seventh with a total of 32 , while Eastern was ninth out of 11 teams with a total of 21 .
The Blue Devils took championships in two events , as Isaiah Lester won the 800m run with a time of 2:02.17 , and the 4x800m relay team of Lester , Kyle Greenlee , Caleb Greenlee and Kaleb Crisenbery won with a time of 8:42.58 .
Crisenbery placed second in the high jump , clearing 6-2 , while the Blue Devil senior was fourth in the 1600m run with a time of 4:52.65 .
For the Eagles , Clayton Ritchie took third in the 110m hurdles with a time of 17.71 , and claimed fifth in the 300m hurdles with a time of 44.57 .
EHS senior Jett Facemyer placed fourth in the 800m run with a time of 2:04.93 , took fifth in the long jump with a leap of 19-2 , and finished sixth in the 400m dash with a time of 54.10 .
For Eastern in the discus throw , Corbett Catlett finished fourth with a distance of 125-01 , while Tyler Davis was fifth with a toss of 117-08 .
Complete results of the Russ Parsons Invitational can be found on the web at www.runwv.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2100 .
Eastern 's Clayton Ritchie runs toward the finish line in the 300m hurdles , in the Meigs Open on March 28. http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.18-EHS-Ritchie.jpg Eastern 's Clayton Ritchie runs toward the finish line in the 300m hurdles , in the Meigs Open on March 28 . Alex Hawley/OVP Sports GAHS senior Mary Watts competes in the 1600m run , during the Gallia County meet at South Gallia , on April 11 . ( Paul Boggs/OVP Sports ) http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.18-GA-Watts.jpg GAHS senior Mary Watts competes in the 1600m run , during the Gallia County meet at South Gallia , on April 11 . ( Paul Boggs/OVP Sports ) Alex Hawley/OVP Sports
The musician and multimedia artist has created an immersive experience designed to make people aware of their implicit biases . It 's called `` The Institute Presents : NEUROSOCIETY . ''
Read the full story at KQED .
MELBOURNE , Australia ( AP ) — Australian Open organizers have given 17-year-old Alex De Minaur and Andrew Whittington wild-card entries to the season 's first grand slam tournament .
De Minaur , a Wimbledon junior finalist last year , beat top-seeded Mikhail Kukushkin in the qualifying tournament for the Brisbane International , where they are set to make their ATP main draw debut this week . Whittington , 23 , achieved a career-high ranking of No . 170 last November after winning six ITF titles and reaching semifinals at two ATP Challenger events .
Other wild cards already granted for the Australian Open men 's main draw include Denis Istomin , the Asia-Pacific Wildcard playoff winner from Uzbekistan , and Quentin Halys of France and Michael Mmoh of the United States , who were given reciprocal wildcards for the French Open and the U.S. Open .
CLOSE EastSide Charter School program pairs parents with computers to hook up their families with learning and other opportunities . William Bretzger/The News Journal
Political newcomer Kerri Harris will challenge Delaware 's senior senator , Tom Carper , in the upcoming Democratic primary . ( Photo : Courtesy of Kerri Harris )
Kerri Harris , a Dover community activist and political newcomer , plans to challenge three-term U.S. Sen. Tom Carper in the Democratic primary this fall .
If they succeed , they would make history as the state 's first biracial lesbian woman to serve in Congress .
But Harris , an Air Force veteran who has struggled to make ends meet and finish their college degree , prefers not to be pigeonholed .
`` The bigger history I 'm going for is to represent everybody , '' the 38-year-old mother of two said this week .
Harris plans to officially kick off their campaign at 11 a.m. Feb. 10 at an event at the Chris White Gallery at the Shipley Artists Lofts in downtown Wilmington .
Last week , the state 's political insiders were abuzz after news of a mystery Carper challenger surfaced on Facebook — one who supports a $ 15 minimum wage , single-payer health care and universal pre-kindergarten .
Mystery solved .
Harris co-founded the Delaware Civil Rights Coalition on the eve of President Donald Trump 's inauguration . Consisting of about a dozen civil rights and religious organizations , the group works to combat broad attacks on women , Muslims , African-Americans and the LGBTQ community .
While Harris ' agenda firmly aligns with that of progressive Democrats , they refuse to characterize their upcoming battle as one of progressive versus moderate ideology .
Rather , the state Human Relations commissioner who has lobbied Carper 's office on a range of issues , criticized them as a disconnected career politician who continues to vote against Delaware residents ' best interests to the benefit of corporate donors .
`` I know we 're all looking for all the same things , '' they said of First State voters . `` Almost all of our hardships are simply because of the way our structure is set against us . ''
Harris is aware of the grueling path ahead . They are only the second Democrat to challenge Carper in a primary since they were first elected to the Senate in 2000 , upending longtime Republican Sen. William V. Roth Jr .
Known for playing the godfather role in state politics , Carper has served as Delaware 's treasurer , member of congress , governor and senior senator during their more than four decades in public service .
Sen. Tom Carper , D-Del. , speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington on Tuesday , Oct. 31 , 2017 , during a hearing on the federal response to the 2017 hurricane season . ( Photo : AP )
State leaders here wear with pride the `` Carper Democrat '' badge ; they tend to be socially liberal , but centrists on taxes , the economy and fiscal policy .
In 2012 , the last time Carper 's seat was in play , Keith Spanarelli , an independent-minded former business owner , earned only 12 percent of the vote . Carper later sailed to their 13th consecutive statewide victory — a Delaware record — defeating Republican Kevin Ward , Independent Alex Pires and the Green Party 's Andrew Groff .
Carper 's campaign committee raised nearly $ 4.9 million in contributions in that election , dwarfing their opponents ' war chests , according to campaign finance records .
Also entering the race this year is first-time Republican candidate Chuck Boyce , who announced last spring . A Middletown business person , Boyce has pledged to help veterans through an improved Veterans Affairs system and by creating more jobs for Delawareans in expanding industries .
`` It 's time Delaware sends someone with private sector experience to D.C. , who understands the struggles of being an employer and will fight on the side of America 's workforce , '' Boyce said .
Republican Chuck Boyce plans to challenge U.S. Sen. Tom Carper later this year . ( Photo : Courtesy of Chuck Boyce )
Jesse Chadderdon , executive director of the state Democratic Party , said they and others had heard rumblings about Harris entering the race . But they never talked to the party directly .
As the party brings in new voices reflective of Delaware 's diverse population , Chadderdon expects several crowded primaries this year , including races for state attorney general and auditor . So far , no Democrat has emerged to challenge U.S. Rep. Lisa Blunt Rochester , who is also up for re-election .
It 's still too early to know whether the Delaware Democratic Executive Committee will formally endorse a candidate in the Carper race . Breaking with tradition , the party declined to endorse candidates in 2016 in statewide primaries for Congress , lieutenant governor and insurance commissioner , citing a packed field of qualified candidates .
STORY : More Democrats enter race for Delaware attorney general
STORY : Former Catholic priest charged in child rape case
Even with President Donald Trump 's win in 2016 , Delawareans mostly stuck with incumbents and career public service workers . In the last state election , only one of the four GOP candidates challenging a Democratic incumbent won : Anthony Delcollo , who defeated Senate President Pro Tempore Patricia Blevins .
At the same time , the state has grappled with a budget deficit in the hundreds of millions of dollars , an opioid crisis , calls for comprehensive school reform and the loss of major employers .
Chadderdon promised a fair process for all candidates involved this year . They praised Carper 's long and distinguished service to Delaware , adding `` there is a reason that he 's one of the most successful politicians in our state 's history . ''
Carper , who at 71 says they still run 8 miles before church on Sunday , does n't view their establishment brand of politics as a liability . They typically vote along party lines but stressed that voters appreciate their reputation as a consensus-builder and advocate for clean air , affordable health care , infrastructure development and sound fiscal governance .
Yet they also do n't see themselves as an invincible candidate .
`` Every campaign I 've ever had , I always run like I 'm 20 points behind , '' they said recently . `` I also kill them with kindness . ”
As the top Democrat on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , Carper has a long record of support for anti-pollution legislation and action on climate change . They have also demonstrated steadfast and impassioned opposition to Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt .
Harris , who opposes fracking and offshore drilling , criticized Carper for supporting the construction of the controversial Keystone XL Pipeline , which prompted environmentalists in 2014 to stage a sit-in at their Washington office .
Carper has consistently argued that the pipeline impasse had delayed movement on other clean-air issues .
`` One vote out of 1,000 or more , '' they said . `` Give me a break . ''
A staunch supporter of the Affordable Care Act , Carper has worked relentlessly to block GOP health care bills . Yet they and U.S. Sen. Chris Coons were among 13 Democrats last year who opposed a measure that would have allowed pharmaceutical distributors and pharmacists to import low-cost medicine from Canada and other countries .
Both Carper and Coons , who count the pharmaceutical industry among their major donors , cited drug safety concerns .
While serving as Delaware 's governor , Carper was instrumental in bringing AstraZeneca to Fairfax , offering a $ 40.7 million package of grants and tax credits along with $ 70 million in road improvements in exchange for the company 's pledge to create more jobs .
Last month , Carper and Coons were among six Democrats who voted to confirm Trump nominee Alex Azar , a former drug company executive , as secretary of Health and Human Services . Azar , who has described the Affordable Care Act as a `` fundamentally broken system , '' has promised to work on lowering drug prices .
Previously , Carper voted against multiple Trump Cabinet nominees , but they consider Azar qualified for the job . They cited Azar 's work as HHS general counsel during the George W. Bush administration . Coons , who attended Yale Law School with Azar , also vouched for him , Carper said .
Harris said they would have voted against Azar . They also criticized Carper for opposing legislation that would have prevented the government shutdown last month .
Three days later , Carper and other Senate Democrats voted to reopen the government and fund it through Feb. 8 while both parties continued to negotiate a deal on immigration and spending issues .
`` One way we can bring pressure to bear is to do the morally right thing , '' Carper said , adding that young undocumented immigrants deserve protection under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program .
Harris said they also support DACA and easing other immigrants ' path to citizenship , but they depend on their veterans benefits and nearly lost their home during the last government shutdown .
After serving for eight years in the military , Harris said they retired as an Air Force staff sergeant in 2008 because of medical complications from an anthrax vaccine .
Soon after , they assembled a varied résumé that included lawn mower , fried chicken cook , acupuncturist , auto body mechanic and manager of a leadership program for former gang members . They recall attending corporate luncheons where executives reported record profits while workers ' wages stagnated .
`` You ca n't treat people poorly and expect them to perform at peak levels when their worlds are falling apart , '' they said . `` There 's a miseducation throughout the state of Delaware . People are voting against their best interest . ''
A Delaware resident off and on for 15 years , Harris now works as a community organizer for left-leaning advocacy groups and directs the Achievement Matters program at the Metropolitan Wilmington Urban League , which helps reduce the achievement gap for middle-school students on Wilmington 's Eastside . They are also pursuing a bachelor 's degree in nonprofit management from Wilmington University .
Last summer , Harris broached the topic of their political aspirations with their 6-year-old daughter .
`` We 're going to save the world again , right Momma ? '' the girl replied .
Carper , a Navy veteran and father of two adult sons who is known for their lengthy narratives , also credited their family and hundreds of Delaware supporters for persuading them to run for a fourth Senate term .
If they succeed , is retirement on the horizon ?
The soft-spoken senator quotes a song by the Rolling Stones .
`` This could be the last time . Maybe the last time I do n't know . ''
`` When ( Delaware voters ) get tired of me , '' they added , `` they 'll let me know . ”
This story includes information from USA Today .
Contact Margie Fishman at ( 302 ) 324-2882 , on Twitter @ MargieTrende or mfishman @ delawareonline.com .
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/02/02/dover-community-activist-challenge-carper/1085121001/
Six-year-old Rebel King made a sensational return to claim one of the best wins of their career in today 's Listed Scenic Blast Stakes ( 1200m ) at Ascot .
Plagued by minor injuries in most of their recent preparations , Rebel King backed up their outstanding trial win on Monday to score their second Listed victory .
The Darren McAuliffe-trained gelding , starting at $ 10 , took advantage of a perfect run in fourth position to loom ominously in the straight .
Jockey Chris Parnham shot them to the lead at the 100m and they scored by three-quarters of a length .
Battle Hero ( $ 9.50 ) held second after setting the pace and Dainty Tess ( $ 3.60 ) charged home from near last for third .
Caipirinha , the $ 3 favourite , ran sixth and will be spelled .
Parnham was thrilled to pick up the ride on Rebel King after champion jockey William Pike chose Dainty Tess over him .
“ I had a lovely run – a bit different to how most of my horses have been getting their runs today , ” Parnham said .
“ I feel a bit sorry for the punters that have been on me all day because I 've ridden like I should be claiming four ( kilos ) .
“ This race was different , this horse had every chance and they trialled well Monday and was beautifully prepared and did the job .
“ After seeing the trial I thought they were on the best horse in the race with the best chance . I was quietly confident with the right run he 'd be hard to beat . ”
Part-owner Pete Anthonisz said Rebel King would progress to the Listed Pinjarra Classic ( 1300m ) on February 25 and the Listed Bunbury Stakes ( 1400m ) on March 21 .
“ He 's had a lot of injury concerns over the years , but he 's just about hitting their peak fitness , ” Anthonisz said .
“ He did get a perfect run but you still have to get the job done and Chris rode them perfectly .
“ Darren has such a good strike rate . He 's probably still one of the most underrated trainers in the State . ”
Rebel King has been an outstanding galloper for McAuliffe and their big group of owners , winning 10 of their 36 starts and $ 712,375 in prize money and Westspeed bonuses .
The Universal Ruler gelding also won the Listed Bolton Sprint ( 1200m ) in 2015 and the Mungrup Stud Sprint ( 1300m ) last year .
Veuve De Vega backed up their sensational win last week with another impressive front-running display in the Amelia Park Lodge Handicap ( 1400m ) .
The Sean Casey-trained gelding , starting the $ 2.60 favourite with apprentice Tayla Stone on board , was never headed when bolting in by 3 ¾ lengths ,
“ She looked very polished today , ” owner Wally Daly said of Stone 's ride .
“ The horse is enjoying their racing and we always thought he 'd be looking for 2000 later on . ”
Pearl Trade ended a frustrating run for connections when they bolted in by 2 ¼ lengths in the James Boag 's Premium Handicap ( 1200m ) .
Trainer Alan Mathews said the Trade Fair three-year-old showed their true colours after racing well without recording a win this campaign .
Friar Fox , an impressive winner of the Penfolds Handicap ( 1600m ) , will be set for the Listed Ascot 1000 Guineas ( 1800m ) next month .
“ She 'll go for that and then she 'll probably be ready for a spell , ” trainer Justine Erkelens said .
Jockey Daniel Staeck struck form with a race-to-race double on Rare Coin and Cappo D'Oro .
Pike also scored a double , winning the opening race on Vermont Lady and the last on Royal Missile . The latter stormed home to win the TABtouch Handicap ( 1200m ) impressively .
“ It was a dominant win considering the way the track 's been playing , ” trainer Simon Miller said .
“ She 's finally running up to their potential she 's shown . ”
Marks & Spencer has been slammed by shoppers and scientists for selling apples in a plastic TUBE - so they can fit in car cup holders .
The retailer is flogging three ‘ Baby Rockit ' apples in cylinder-shaped packets - which they say make them easier to store .
But M & S has been criticised for overuse of plastic by customers including marine biologists .
Professor Brendan Godley , conservation science lecturer at Exeter University , tweeted a picture of the tubing .
Mr Godley wrote : “ Please retweet if you think its passe for Marks and Spencer to be selling apples in plastic tubes because they “ fit car cup holders ( M & S rep ) . ”
Their tweet included the hashtags # timetochange and # irresponsiblepackaging .
They later tweeted : “ Apples do n't need to come in a plastic tube .
“ We should be recycling essential plastics and ablating non essential uses from the marketplace and companies like Marks and Spencer are in a great position to lead . ”
And fellow Environmental lecturer at University of York , Bryce Beukers-Stewart , tweeted : “ If only apples came with some kind of protective edible skin ...
“ Poor show Marks and Spencer - I thought you cared about # PlasticPollution . ”
A representative for Marks and Spencer responded to the tweets by Bryce , saying the main purpose of the tubes is for “ protection and convenience ” .
They wrote : “ We do care Bryce : / The main reasons for the tube are protection and convenience . Being a small pack , it can easily fit in a car cup holder , or a bag .
‘ 'The polymer used is PET which is widely recycled , though we 're working on improving the material used to keep in line with our Plan A initiative . ”
Marks and Spencer 's ‘ Plan A 2025 ' aims to transform lives and communities and for the company to become a zero-waste business .
BEIJING ( AP ) — Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi made a new appeal for calm on the Korean Peninsula on Tuesday and said they believe the United States would prefer a diplomatic resolution to the standoff .
Wang told reporters that although U.S. officials have made clear that a military strike remains on the table , they believe that Washington would still prefer to de-escalate tensions through multi-sided talks .
Wang 's comments came amid a mounting war of words between Washington and Pyongyang . After U.S. Vice President Mike Pence visited the demilitarized zone in South Korea on Monday and warned that “ all options are on the table , ” a senior North Korean official responded by accusing the United States of bringing the countries to the brink of thermonuclear war .
“ We know the situation is tense , ” Wang said . “ The more tense things are , the more calm we need to be to find the opportunities and possibilities for dialogue . ”
Advertisement
China has called for a return to multi-sided talks that ended in a stalemate in 2009 , during the rule of North Korea 's previous leader , Kim Jong Il .
Since entering office , Trump , like former President Barack Obama , has pressed China to use its political and economic leverage over North Korea , its once-close ally .
China has recently shown “ tangible indications ” that it is cooperating with the U.S. to turn up the pressure on Pyongyang , a senior State Department official said Monday .
Australia 's prime minister also urged China to do more , saying Beijing has the “ greatest obligation and responsibility ” to de-escalate the threat from North Korea .
“ The Chinese often express frustration with North Korea , and disappointment . But the fact is that they have the overwhelming leverage over the North Korea regime , ” Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told reporters Tuesday in Canberra , Australia 's capital . “ So the eyes of the world are now on Beijing . Beijing has to step up and bring this reckless threat to the peace and stability of our region to an end . ”
The recent surge in tensions on the Korean Peninsula finds Beijing on the outs with both North and South Korea , while many critics have yet to be convinced by its insistence that its influence with Pyongyang has been exaggerated .
North Korea has repeatedly ignored China 's calls for denuclearization and other steps to calm tensions on the peninsula , and relations between the two are believed to have sunk to their lowest level in years . China remains North Korea 's chief source of fuel and food imports , but Pyongyang seems to have calculated that Beijing 's fears of a collapse of Kim Jong-un 's hard-line communist regime override any such snubs .
Meanwhile , China 's once-thriving relationship with South Korea has hit the rocks over Beijing 's strenuous objections to Seoul 's deploying of a sophisticated missile defense system . Beijing says the system threatens its own security by allowing the U.S. to monitor flights and other activity in northeastern China , and has retaliated against South Korean businesses while its military has threatened to take unspecified action in response .
China 's top negotiator for North Korea 's nuclear program , Wu Dawei , held talks on the missile shield and North Korea 's recent actions during a visit to Seoul last week . However , North Korea did n't respond to Wu 's request to visit Pyongyang , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency .
___
Associated Press writer Kristen Gelineau in Sydney contributed to this report .
Related Coverage Suspect dead after opening fire at Congressional baseball practice
ALEXANDRIA , Va. ( AP ) — A rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice Wednesday , wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others as members of congress and aides dove for cover . The assailant , prepared with “ a lot of ammo , ” fought a gun battle with police before he , too , was shot and later died .
Colleagues said Scalise dragged themselves away from the infield leaving a trail of blood as they rushed to their assistance . They were taken to a hospital where they underwent surgery and was listed in critical condition . Their office said that before surgery for a wound in their hip they were in good spirits and spoke with their wife by telephone .
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson , a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called “ Terminate the Republican Party . ”
Shortly after the shooting , Bernie Sanders , the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination , said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year . Sanders said they denounced the violence “ in the strongest possible terms . ”
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise 's security detail wounded the shooter , who was taken into custody . They later died of their injuries , President Donald Trump told the nation from the White House .
“ Everyone on that field is a public servant , ” Trump said . “ Their sacrifice makes democracy possible . ”
Scalise , 51 , the No . 3 House Republican leader , was first elected to the House in 2008 . The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for their love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when they secured the No . 3 job of House whip several years ago .
Texas Rep. Roger Williams , who coaches the GOP team , said that one of their aides , Zack Barth , was shot , but “ is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery. ” Two Capitol Police officers were also injured but were expected to recover , along with a former congressional aide who was hospitalized .
Related Content : Suspect dead after opening fire at Congressional baseball practice
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said they had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting . The man calmly asked which party 's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told them they were the Republicans . The man thanked him .
The gunman had a rifle and “ a lot of ammo , ” said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona , who was at the practice .
The shocking event left the Capitol horrified and stunned . The House canceled proceedings for the day . Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California both spoke on the floor issuing calls for unity . “ An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us , ” Ryan said .
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria , Virginia , where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m . They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats . The popular annual face-off , which raises money for charity , is scheduled for Thursday evening at Nationals Park across the Potomac River in Washington , and will go forward as planned .
The team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted .
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when they were shot , according to lawmakers present , then dragged themselves into the outfield to get away from the gunman .
Rep. Mo Brooks , an Alabama Republican , said their colleague “ crawled into the outfield , leaving a trail of blood . ”
“ We started giving them the liquids , I put pressure on their wound in their hip , ” Brooks said .
Texas Rep. Joe Barton , still in their baseball uniform , told reporters a shooter came out to the practice and opened fire , shooting at Rep. Trent Kelly , R-Miss. , who plays third base .
“ He shot at Steve Scalise , our second baseman . They hit Steve Scalise , ” Barton said , “ Scalise 's security detail and the Capitol Hill police immediately returned fire , and Alexandria Police also immediately came and began to return fire . They shot the shooter . The security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter . ”
Barton said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes , and there were dozens or more of shots fired .
“ It was scary , ” Barton said .
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout . Barton said their son , Jack , got under an SUV .
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway , who was at the game , described what sounded like an explosion , then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him .
“ The guy 's down to a handgun , they dropped their rifle , they shoot him , I go over there , they put them in handcuffs , ” Conaway said , adding that if the shooter had “ gotten inside the fence , where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout , it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel . ”
FBI special agent in charge Tim Slater said it was “ too early to say ” whether it was an act of terrorism , or whether Scalise was targeted .
Speaker Ryan identified the wounded Capitol Police officers as David Bailey and Crystal Griner . Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika , who now works for Tyson Foods in its Washington office . Mika 's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition and in surgery .
After the gunfire stopped , Sen. Flake , of Arizona , said they ran onto the field and also tried to come to Scalise 's aide . After medical personnel arrived , they said they retrieved Scalise 's phone and made the first call to Scalise 's wife to notify them of the shooting . They said they did so to ensure that Mrs. Scalise would not find out about the shooting through the media .
Falisa Peoples was just leaving the YMCA next to the ball field when they saw the shooter open fire .
“ He was just very calm . They were just walking and shooting , ” they said of the man , whom they described as white and wearing a T-shirt and shorts . They said they were using a long gun and exchanging fire with law enforcement officers , one of whom yelled for them to get down .
Lawmakers were stunned in the aftermath of the event , which raised questions about the security of members of Congress . While the top lawmakers , including Scalise , have security details , others do not and regularly appear in public without protection . The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011 .
Following the Giffords shooting , lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events .
© Via Facebook/Jamere Jones
The caption says simply : `` This happened in Downtown Detroit last night . `` And then starts a video that shows about 25-40 men punching , kicking and brutally beating people on the streets of Greektown , one of Detroit 's most popular hotspots . In the video , one man is lying with their head over the curb appearing unconscious and very badly injured . They get punched and kicked as the cell-phone filming crowd of young men shouts and laughs.Quickly becoming known as the Greektown brawl — the Saturday night fight was caught on video that was posted to Facebook.By the time the police in Detroit were alerted to what was happening it was already over , they said . `` Investigators have identified the victim in the street , who is now at an area hospital . They 're working to identify the suspects from the video.It 's unknown what caused the melee or if the young men knew each other or if one group was randomly attacking strangers.If anyone recognizes anyone in the video or has any information pertaining to this crime please call the Detroit Police Department at 313-596-1616 , 313-596-1855 , 313-596-2260 or CRIMESTOPPERS at 1-800-SPEAK-UP . Citizens can remain anonymous , as always by leaving a tip on our app , DPD Connect .
The Exchange Club of Ridgefield and Do n't Be Silent will host a gala cocktail party and dinner Saturday , Oct. 21 , at the Ridgefield Recreation Center to raise awareness of the pervasiveness of bullying , and how to end it .
State Sen. Toni Boucher ( R ) will be a keynote speaker at the night 's event alongside forensic psychologist Dr. David Bernstein .
Mona Thorpe of Do n't Be Silent will speak about their own personal experiences of growing up bullied , while Birgitta Stone will give a talk on cyberbullying .
“ We have a very robust program planned for the night with our two keynote speakers , Toni Boucher and Dr. David Bernstein , ” Thorpe said . “ I 'm very excited . ”
Despite the gloomy subject matter , they said , the night would still liven things up .
“ It 's a very serious topic , and at times very emotional , but we 've balanced that with a lot of fun . ”
The night 's entertainment will include a dance floor presided over by DJ Bach to Rock , a comedian performer , as well as a choreographed dance piece by Jennifer Conciatore of The Gym .
“ There 's going to be a very nice social hour , ” Thorpe said , adding that there would be two bars , as well as hors d'oeuvres before dinner .
The menu will feature food from Gallo Ristorante , and will include chicken , salmon , or a vegetarian option .
Tragedy
Boucher offered praise for their fellow keynote speaker , Dr. Bernstein . They said they met them after the tragedy at Sandy Hook .
“ He is just outstanding , ” Boucher said .
“ He talks about different strategies for parents and teachers to help kids early so they do n't develop bullying behavior . You 've got to nip this in the bud early , ” they added .
“ You do n't label the kids , but if you can recognize the signs early and help them learn strategies , you help them learn to be more tolerant and empathetic and inclusive so the problem of bullying can be mitigated long-term . ”
The far-reaching consequences of bullying were certainly on Thorpe 's mind as well . Though the event was announced weeks ago , the news of another tragic mass shooting , in Las Vegas Sunday night , Oct. 1 , underscored the danger of ignoring bullying .
“ It 's very important that we stop bullying at a young age so we can turn some of this around , ” Thorpe said .
“ Many people feel that bullying is n't something that affects them , but with all of the mass shootings that have happened — in fact , just yesterday — it is something that affects all of us , they said Tuesday , Oct. 3 .
They said many mass shooters had experienced some form of bullying , and that ignoring the issue could lead to more violence .
Lighter fare
To raise funds for the event , state Rep. John Frey and First Selectman Rudy Marconi worked a night as celebrity bartenders at Gallo Ristorante on Sept. 28 , Thorpe said .
Afterwards , Selectman Bob Hebert conducted a live auction to have lunch with the First Selectman and state rep .
“ That went well , ” Thorpe said with a laugh . “ We got $ 400 for them . ”
They also said that one woman bought a table for 10 to the gala at the auction , which they would donate to a group of teachers .
Those wishing to attend may call 203-770-3614 to make a reservation or may send an email to [ email protected ] .
Tickets may also be purchased online at dontbesilent.org .
Tickets start at $ 150 for an individual ticket , or $ 1,200 for a table of eight . Tables of 10 cost $ 1,500 .
Parties who reserve eight- or 10-seat tables by Monday , Oct. 9 , will be featured as supporters in Do n't Be Silent 's print and online publication materials .
Regular reservations are due by Saturday , Oct. 14 .
Thousands of people are set to attend an annual Christmas carols event in Warwick this weekend .
Carols at Warwick Castle is an annual event in the town 's festive calendar and will feature performances from St Mary 's Church choir and the Royal Spa Brass .
This year 's event will be taking place on Saturday December 16 at the Castle 's East Gate .
Radio presenter Annie Othen will be overseeing the evening 's proceedings .
Refreshments will be available on the night including mulled wine , chestnuts , burgers , sausages and other hot drinks .
The event is a regular sell-out but there are still a few tickets available online via Warwick Castle 's website .
Parking will be free and gates open at 6.30pm
The carol singing will start at 7.30pm and the Royal Spa Brass will perform from 7pm .
The money raised from the event goes to support local good causes and is distributed by The Warwick Lions , Merlin 's Magic Wand , Rotary Club of Warwick and the Friends of St Mary 's Choir .
Last year £18,000 was raised for the charities .
Carols at Warwick Castle is a charity event organised and supported by local volunteers and sponsor companies : Phillips 66/JET , Leamington Mazda , Warwick Printing , Warwick Castle and PR and Marketing company LMMC .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
SIMON PAGENAUD ( No . 1 PPG Team Penske Chevrolet ) : “ It was great to be back in the PPG Chevrolet . We 've had a great test so far . We 've been able to work on a lot of different things and compile some good data . It was a long offseason but that was good for me , but now I 'm ready to go . ”
JOSEF NEWGARDEN ( No . 2 Verizon Team Penske Chevrolet ) : “ We 've accomplished a lot with the Verizon Chevy . The car was good early on yesterday , so that was definitely nice . The transition is going very well , actually . [ Engineer ] Brian ( Campe ) is getting used to my terminology and my sensitivities and the other way around . This has been great . We 've been able to log a lot of track time and work through a ton of things . ”
HELIO CASTRONEVES ( No . 3 Hitachi Team Penske Chevrolet ) : “ The Hitachi Chevy felt great . I just love driving that thing . I think we got a lot done so far . Everyone gets caught up in the speeds but testing is n't always about that which is why I feel really good about the work we 've got in . Earlier today was really special in being a part of the groundbreaking ceremony for the track renovation . I was honored that they asked me to be involved . It sounds like it will add a lot to the experience here when they 're done . ”
CONOR DALY ( No . 4 ABC Supply AJ Foyt Chevrolet ) : “ There 's a lot to learn in the switch in manufacturers so we have to use our time wisely , keep working and evaluating everything with the ABC Supply Chevrolet . We have a lot of work to do but that 's what testing is for so we can go through things and be ready to go for the race . ”
JAMES HINCHCLIFFE ( No . 5 Arrow Schmidt Peterson Motorsports Honda ) : “ So far so good here . We came here with a pretty comprehensive test plan and shockingly we 've been able to stick to it . When you get on track and everybody 's around , it 's easy to get away from that plan . We really have work to do to make sure we 're in the best position when we come back here to race . We 're making progress on the car which is the number one thing . As we go through our test list , we 're knocking off items on the list that are really helping . Hoping we have more of that improvement tonight as well . ”
MIKHAIL ALESHIN ( No . 7 Schmidt Peterson Motorsport Honda ) : “ We did a good job in today 's first session , and it was pretty productive ; we went through our test plan and everything went perfect . I know we are ( currently ) the fastest Honda , so that is pretty good , but there are still a lot of things in our plan to work on in the second session . This test has been great . We 're here in Arizona , the weather is great , nice people around and I 'm with my team , so I think that 's what matters and I 'm really enjoying our time here . ”
MAX CHILTON ( No . 8 Gallagher Chip Ganassi Racing Honda ) : “ I 've really just been focused on getting familiar with the Honda engine and aero package . This is all new to me and there is definitely a lot to learn . The night practice session will be even more crucial for us as it will be as close to race conditions as we get this week . I 'm excited and think the Gallagher team is up for the challenge . ”
SCOTT DIXON ( No . 9 Chip Ganassi Racing Honda ) : “ I think the test has gone pretty well so far . We 're just trying to get through our test list . I think we know the types of tracks where we 're going to have a little bit of a deficit . Here and the other short track ovals sort of present the most challenges for us I think . All in all , the car is running pretty well . The Honda engine is great and I 'm happy with the drivability to this point . ”
TONY KANAAN ( No . 10 NTT Data Chip Ganassi Racing Honda ) : “ How can you not love coming to Phoenix ? The place is just fast . It 's a little different to be back here in a Honda after last year , but we 're feeling good as a team with where we are and testing has already been pretty good for us . We spent most of the day yesterday getting up to speed with the track and making sure everything was good to go , then we started running qualifying simulations in the afternoon practice today . We 'll spend all of the session tonight making sure we 're where we need to be from a race setup standpoint so we can hit the ground running when we 're back here in April . ”
WILL POWER ( No . 12 Verizon Team Penske Chevrolet ) : “ The Verizon Chevrolet team has gotten a lot done . I 'm really looking forward to getting a quick start this season . Last year I was n't able to do that . We 've been very focused here on getting some things sorted out so that we can get out of the gate fast . We had a little change on the timing stand with Jon Bouslog coming over from the No . 2 car , but that has n't really effected anything . The communication is good . The car felt very comfortable . ”
CARLOS MUNOZ ( No . 14 ABC Supply AJ Foyt Racing Honda ) : “ I think we improved the ABC Supply Chevrolet quite a lot from yesterday-especially balance-wise with car . We have more work to do but we 're getting there . It 's our first time with this aero kit so it 's a learning process . I 'm happy with the gains we made overnight . ”
GRAHAM RAHAL ( No . 15 United Rentals Honda ) : “ It 's always good to be back on track after the offseason . It 's always eye-opening , particularly at a place like this . It wakes you up and gets the blood flowing in a hurry . It 's good to just get back into the rhythm of everything . With the two-day test here it almost feels like a race weekend in many ways . Most of our oval races are two day weekends . Competition wise everything is good . We obviously would like to find a little bit of pace but in general there are a lot of positives that have come from this test . We 're excited to get another session in and see if we can improve the car . ”
[ Following contact in Turn 2 during Practice 4 ] “ ( Josef ) Newgarden had just come out of the pits and I was trying to get a run on them going down the back to get clear of them and catch back up to the group that I was behind . The thing was building understeer up until that point and , once I got close to him , the rear just went . It 's unfortunate , the guys certainly do n't need any more work and I obviously did n't want to bring the thing home on the wrecker . I do n't think the damage is extensive but it 's enough to tick us off . It 's frustrating because the test has been going good . To end it that way is disappointing . ”
SEBASTIEN BOURDAIS ( No . 18 Dale Coyne Racing Honda ) : “ We 're still looking for a bit of extra speed , but so is everybody else . We obviously looked pretty settled straight away because Ed ( Jones ) had that rookie day on Wednesday . We 're both pretty comfortable , had the opportunity to shake their car down and do 10 laps like you can when there is a rookie day like that , so that gives you a little bit of extra confidence and we could run a fairly trim car straight away , so we could look good for the first half hour , but really that did n't last very long . We got to the thick of it today and really trimmed the car out pretty much what we got , but you can always make small adjustments after that , get the balance a little closer so you get a bit less scrub and this and that . But you know , after that , the racing is quite a bit different , and you 've got to have a big game of patience . So that 's what we 're going to be working on mostly tonight . ”
ED JONES [ R ] ( No . 19 Dale Coyne Racing Honda ) : “ Overall it 's been a good couple of days . The first session yesterday went really well but I struggled a little bit more in the night session when we were simulating race running . It was my first time running like that so it was a lot to take in . We were also practicing pit stops without laps and in laps . We knew it was going to be hard but I guess that it 's just part of the learning process and I 'll be better next time . I feel comfortable in the car . I also think a lot of the guys went on low trim runs as well so that 's why they did so many quick times . We left it on high downforce the whole time making it hard to compare . I have some catching up to do on that side because I have n't had that experience before but it 's all part of the learning curve . ”
ED CARPENTER ( No . 20 Ed Carpenter Racing Chevrolet ) : “ We had good cars here last year . I think JR ( Hildebrand ) was the only one faster ( than the track record ) . 19.09 ( sec/lap ) , I think . It 's fine . It 's an open test . It 's a continuation from last year . We had good cars . We were fortunate enough to be part of the tire test team here last fall , so you know , in that regard I think we had a little bit of a jump start on this tire , maybe relative to some of the other guys . So that 's always nice to get that opportunity . We 're thankful for Firestone to do that . So we had been here on this tire . Obviously JR had n't , but the team has done a good job . We 've gone through some changes , but the guys have kept their head down . We still have the same goals of competing for race wins , competing for the championship , Indy 500 , and this is an important race . It 's the first oval of the year . You want to come and set of set the tone for the ovals here just as St. Pete is important to kick off the season and set the tone for the road and street courses . The guys have been working hard , and it does n't really count , does n't mean much today , but at the same time it is fun to be up at the top and reward the guys for hard work this offseason . ”
JR HILDEBRAND ( No . 21 Ed Carpenter Racing Chevrolet ) : “ I think being able to jump in at Iowa this last year was really helpful for me coming here , just to have a little bit of a — Phoenix is different , but it 's more similar to Iowa than it used to be I think in a lot of ways , and not just giving me a chance to get on the short oval aero package and kind of understand what the team 's setup kind of dynamic is , I guess . Definitely helped for me to just get up so speed more quickly that I had that little bit of familiarity with it . We rolled off the truck kind of as we would say just in the window , so it was a lot of just being able to — what we 've been doing is sort of tailoring the cars to our individual needs , and those are n't that different , so both of us sort of then working together with our teams to benefit from each other along the way . So that 's all gone smoothly thus far , and we 'll get some more race running in this afternoon and hopefully start off the races — coming back here in a month or two . ”
TAKUMA SATO ( No . 26 Andretti Autosport Honda ) : “ It 's been a very good test , very good start with Andretti Autosport . My first official test with the team . Everything was smooth and the car worked well . We learned a lot and we still need to come back here , there is a lot of work to be done . The amount of data the four cars get makes me so excited to work with the team . I am very happy . ”
MARCO ANDRETTI ( No . 27 hhgregg Honda ) : “ Overall , it 's really great to be back in the car . We spent some time at Phoenix working in a few different directions , and you ca n't take too much away from the times because the whole field is working on different things . The hhgregg boys looked good on practice stops , Bryan ( Herta ) and I are getting along great and we 're learning some things about the car . Not a bad start to the season so far . ”
RYAN HUNTER-REAY ( No . 28 DHL Honda ) : “ It 's great to get the DHL Honda back in action . It 's nice to be back in the testing mode , getting ready for the race season . We 're back at work full swing . Looking forward to getting back to St. Pete , starting the season off . Hopefully we can find a little bit more speed here and be ready for the Phoenix race when we come back . It would be great to give DHL , Honda and AutoNation a win at our first oval of the year . ”
CHARLIE KIMBALL ( No . 83 Tresiba Honda ) : “ We 're just learning about how the new Honda engine and aero kit reacts to changes and working through race and qualifying setups . We did a little bit of race work yesterday during the day and then trimmed some down to get closer to a qualifying setup last night . We spent the afternoon of Day 2 doing some qualifying work just trimming downforce out and trying to get the drag out of it . We need to see how the car reacts in both speed and what we need to do on the engine side , but also the balance of the car and any adjustments we need to make before we come back on the race weekend . Tonight the plan is to do some race work and maybe even some full tank runs and see how the car does on a full tank and how it runs in traffic . There 's so much we have to learn , so we 're just trying to get as much information as possible before we come back during the season . ”
ALEXANDER ROSSI ( No . 98 NAPA Auto Parts Honda ) : [ On contact with wall in Turn 2 ] “ I 'm not completely sure what happened because the car felt fine – it just got loose and snapped . The car was good going into Turn 1 , I went down to the bottom and the back end came out . The test has been productive overall , so this is a pretty big setback . The car has been great this weekend and I 'm really happy with the progress we 've made ahead of this incident . This was my first real contact with the wall – better here than in qualifying or the race – and it wo n't stop me from pushing hard . ”
Sources : Curt Cavin/Verizon IndyCar Series PR
© Mohamemd Asad/Middle East Monitor
Israel warplanes bombed a monitoring post belonging to the Palestinian resistance in the northern Gaza Strip in the early hours of today , no injuries casualties were reported.The area which was targeted had only recently been rebuilt following the devastation it suffered during Israel 's 51-day war on Gaza in 2014.Read : $ 1.5m of EU-donated structures destroyed by Israel since 2014 Many families continue to live in tents , according to a report by the Norwegian Refugee Council ( NRC ) on the situation for civilians in Gaza.Facebook has long been accused of being complicit in Israel 's occupation through its closure of Palestinian activists ' accounts and those of organisations critical of Israel . According to Israel 's `` Cyber Unit '' , 69 per cent of its requests to remove content were agreed to by social media giants including Facebook and Twitter.Many have also questioned the inequality of the social media platform which allowed Londoners to mark themselves `` safe '' following the terrorist attacks in the British capital last year , but has yet to enable the feature for residents of Syria , Libya , the Palestinian territories and other war-torn regions .
India 's top court on Monday prohibited politicians from using religion and caste to garner votes , a verdict that could force political parties to change their strategy in upcoming elections .
“ No politician can seek a vote in the name of caste , creed or religion , ” said Chief Justice T.S . Thakur in an order , adding that election process must be a “ secular exercise ” .
India is officially secular but political parties have traditionally used religion and caste as the main criteria to select candidates and to appeal to voters .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) has for years fought elections on a Hindu nationalist agenda , with party members in the past being accused of making anti-Muslim statements to polarise Hindu voters .
The court ruling comes just weeks ahead of a state election in Uttar Pradesh , India 's most populous state where the two issues of religion and caste generally dominate campaigns . Results of the election will be important for Modi 's expected bid for a second term in 2019 .
State elections are also due this year in the states of Punjab , Uttarakhand , Goa and Manipur .
The Supreme Court , ruling on a petition filed by a politician in 1996 , wrote in its opinion that the secular ethos of the constitution had to be protected . The majority view of the seven-judge Supreme Court bench held that elections would be void if a politician made an appeal for votes on the basis of religious sentiment .
( CNN ) – Did n't win the $ 393 million Mega Millions jackpot on Friday ? A massive Powerball grand prize is still up for grabs .
There was yet again no Powerball winner after a drawing Saturday night , so the jackpot will roll over to the next drawing on Wednesday night . Powerball officials estimate the jackpot for the Wednesday drawing at $ 430 million .
The Powerball prize pool has been building since June 10 .
One player in Illinois won the Mega Millions jackpot on Friday night .
Related : $ 393 million winning Mega Millions ticket sold in Illinois : lottery officials
The odds of winning either game are extreme — one in 292 million for Powerball , and one in 259 million for Mega Millions . And if the odds against winning one are ridiculous , the odds of winning both are essentially ridiculous squared — roughly one in 76 quadrillion , or 76 followed by 15 zeros .
Going into a weekend when both games had gone without winners for weeks and were offering massive jackpots , many people were betting on both ahead of Friday 's drawing .
“ You see more people in line buying both tickets when both games are over $ 300 million , ” said Jeff Lenard , spokesperson for the National Association of Convenience Stores , whose members sell about two-thirds of the nation 's lottery tickets .
There 's no disputing Americans love buying lottery tickets . They spent just over $ 80 billion on lottery games last year , according to the North American Association of State and Provincial Lotteries . That 's more than on movies , video games , books , music and sports tickets — combined .
Each game is offered in every state except Alabama , Alaska , Hawaii , Mississippi , Nevada and Utah .
London : Singer-actor Lady Gaga has cancelled the last 10 dates of the European leg of their world tour due to `` severe pain '' .
In a statement posted on Twitter , the pop star apologised to fans and said they were `` devastated '' , but needed to put `` myself and my well-being '' first , reports bbc.com .
The Grammy award-winning singer has fibromyalgia , a long-term condition which can cause pain all over the body . Shows in London and Manchester are among those affected .
In the statement , it said the `` tough decision '' had been made on Friday night with `` strong support from their medical team '' .
Ticket holders can apply for a refund from February 6 , the statement added .
`` I ` m so devastated I don ` t know how to describe it , '' Lady Gaga wrote , adding : `` All I know is that if I don ` t do this , I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music . ''
The announcement comes after they started the UK leg of their tour at Birmingham Arena . The European leg of their Joanne World Tour had already been rescheduled due to their condition .
The `` Born this way '' singer was due to perform in Zurich , Koln , Stockholm , Copenhagen , Paris and Berlin in the coming weeks . At the end of last year , the star announced a two-year residency in Las Vegas , starting late in 2018 .
DAMIEN Cook is set to be rewarded for their blistering form with a contract upgrade at South Sydney , according to Fox Sports chief NRL reporter James Hooper .
Cook 's journey from beach sprinter to the NRL has been well documented , and their incredible story of perseverance added another chapter this year when they claimed the NSW hooking duties .
The Rabbitohs star has terrorised defensive lines with their speed and evasiveness , and their form is one of the reasons why Anthony Seibold 's men are sitting in second on the NRL ladder after 16 rounds .
LIVE Stream every game of every round of the 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership on FOX SPORTS . SIGN UP NOW .
Speaking on NRL 360 , Hooper said the club would start talks with Cook at the conclusion of Origin III which will be played next Wednesday night .
“ I think there 's going to be some good news at the South Sydney Rabbitohs , ” Hooper told the show .
“ Damien Cook , breakout year , playing 80 minutes in the No.9 jumper for the Bunnies .
“ He 's signed until the end of next season , but I think the Bunnies have realised they 've got a pretty special player here .
“ They 're going to wait until the State of Origin period is finished and then they 'll sit down with Damien and their management with a view to making sure they stay in the red and green long-term . ”
THE father of Nigerian World Cup skipper John Mikel Obi who was kidnapped last week has been freed , police said .
`` Michael Obi , the father of the ( Super ) Eagles captain , has regained their freedom , '' the spokesperson for Enugu state police in southeast Nigeria , Ebere Amaraizu , said .
Amaraizu said the senior Obi 's captors did not hurt them after seizing them at gunpoint last Thursday evening in Enugu , but they forced them to walk for about five kilometres ( three miles ) barefoot in heavy rain .
They said the Eagles skipper paid a ransom of 10 million naira ( about US $ 28,000 ) to obtain the release of their father , who is in their sixties .
No arrest has been made but police are on the trail of the abductors , they said .
Obi senior has been kidnapped once before , in the central city of Jos in 2011 .
Mikel led the Super Eagles at the World Cup in Russia where they were knocked out by Argentina in their final group match .
Mikel said they were aware o fhis father being kidnapped before they played in the match but insisted on taking part in the contest .
`` I was confused . I did not know what to do , but in the end I knew that I could not let 180 million Nigerians down , '' Mikel told ESPN .
`` I had to shut it out of my head and go and represent my country first . I was told that they would shoot my dad instantly if I reported to the authorities or told anybody .
`` And I did not want to discuss it with the coach because I did not want my issue to become a distraction to the coach or the rest of the team on the day of such an important game . So as much as I wanted to discuss it with the coach , I could not do it . ''
Kidnapping of prominent and rich people and their families is common in southern Nigeria . The victims are usually released unhurt after a ransom is paid .
Mikel has represented their country at the last two World Cups and has won 85 caps in total , scoring six goals .
Celebrity chef-restaurateur Mario Batali has been removed from their ABC daytime series “ The Chew ” and has stepped down from daily operations at their restaurant-management company following multiple allegations of sexual impropriety .
“ I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt , ” Batali , 57 , said in a statement Monday to Eater.com . “ Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me , much of the behavior described does , in fact , match up with ways I have acted . That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses . I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain , humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers , employees , customers , friends and family . ”
The foodie website said four women , three of whom had worked for him , had accused Batali of inappropriate touching and sexual innuendo over the course of at least 20 years . The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group , their partnership with Joe Bastianich , had reprimanded Batali after a company employee in October formally reported inappropriate behavior by the chef . Batali also then underwent sensitivity training , the company told Eater in a statement .
The company said in a statement to Eater , “ We take these allegations very seriously ” and that , “ Mr . Batali and we have agreed that they will step away from the company 's operations , including the restaurants , and has already done so. ” Bastianich also said in a statement , “ Right now , I 'm just focused on ensuring that our more than 1,000 employees continue to have a safe and positive work environment . ”
In a statement , ABC said Monday : “ We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention . ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment . While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show , we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct. ” Batali had been a cohost since the series began in 2011 .
Variety added that Food Network suspended plans to revive Batali 's signature series , “ Molto Mario . ”
“ I know my actions have disappointed many people , ” Batali 's statement to Eater continued . “ The successes I have enjoyed are owned by everyone on my team . The failures are mine alone . To the people who have been at my side during this time — my family , my partners , my employees , my friends , my fans — I am grateful for your support and hopeful that I can regain your respect and trust . I will spend the next period of time trying to do that . ”
Simply incredible
Congratulations @ simonsmarathon on such a remarkable achievement .
We 're delighted to reveal that Simon Kindleysides has been named as a # SpiritofLondon award winner for 2018 ! # LondonMarathon https : //t.co/6yTgD7hvgs
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , Jordan Armenise began their sports broadcasting journey with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League . It was in this role where they were able to merge their best attributes : sports knowledge and personality . While with the Ticats , Jordan provided live analysis and interviews while developing a digital portfolio of one-on-one interviews , episodic sports comedy and full length sports & news features . They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada , the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director .
Here is what Donald Trump should call for this morning . This is the right time to up their ante in the struggle against the Lügenpresse . All their efforts to fix the sinking ship of the US society are in vain with a breach below the waterline . If the Fake News applauds every jerk in a mantle who stops a presidential decree , the jerks will multiply and president 's decrees will be worth what ? A collector 's rarity . A quirky exhibit from the days of Donald Trump 's short-lived presidency . The fake news media ridiculed the POTUS so completely , that this big man with big orange hair shrunk down to Lilliput 's finger.P G Wodehouse 's Mr Mulliner argued with anti-smoker lobby : `` They come and tell me that if they place two drops of nicotine on the tongue of a dog the animal instantly dies and when I ask them if they have ever tried the childishly simple device of not placing nicotine on the dog 's tongue , they have nothing to reply They are nonplussed . They go away mumbling something about never having thought of that before . `` This line of argument is perfectly valid referring to North Korea . Try the childishly simple device of not interfering with it , of not sending troops and ships and jets there . This far-away place can , and should be forgotten , as it had been forgotten for many , many years.The fake news media will surely say that you 've got cold feet and ran away from little fat Kim . But they will say something nasty in any case . Even if you were to unleash a nuclear holocaust upon Korea , they will write : they did it because Mueller 's FBI agents searched Paul Manaforte 's home and discovered they are a Russian spy.They did not pay attention to the great victory you won a day earlier , when you and your Secretary of State convinced the Russians and the Chinese to vote for a North Korea sanctions draft in the Security Council . It was one of those great diplomatic victories , but the Lugenpresse did n't say a word about it.Sure , it is not the only enemy , but if this enemy could be knocked out , the judges would obey , the members of congress would fall into line , Mueller would be sent back to oblivion . There is a problem , how to subdue this stubborn enemy.You tried a Trump TV Real News and have been rightly ridiculed by all and sundry . Though Kayleigh McEnany is not painful for the eye , this sort of TV had been out of fashion even in Saudi Arabia . The Saudis prefer to watch the forbidden Al Jazeera.You ca n't bomb the headquarters of New York Times or of CNN.The American media men are not different . The Colonel 's Lady an ' Judy O'Grady Are sisters under their skins , said the poet . Show them a flayed media lord , and they will become much , much more reasonable.If there will be a nuclear war , we can call it Jeff Bezos War.Jeff Bezos is the richest man on our planet . If there is somebody to hate , it 's got to be him . Do them in , Donald . Skin him . As opposed to North Korea , they are a soft target . A new-rich , a smart kid out of nothing . No old money , no old school ties behind him . Who will support him ? The CIA ? Cut the CIA budget for the exact amount they pay to Bezos , so the spooks will understand the message.Go after their advertisers . Kick their reporters out of White House . Ask , no , demand that the FBI to investigate their doings . A rich guy like Bezos has surely committed multiple crimes , no doubt . If the FBI ca n't discover their crimes , sack the head of the FBI , and take the one who can . Unleash all the hate you can find upon their head . And when they are being taken to prison , you 'll know : the rest will become more careful with their tongues . And the best : rip them off their ill-gotten gains and use that to provide health care for every American . It should be enough . Probably you could cover all the student loans with the change . And you will be able to proceed with your necessary reforms.So , Donald , start every day of yours with a great booming call : `` Bring me the head of Jeff Bezos '' ! And the greatest crime of Bezos is n't punishable by law . The man stole the good name of Washington Post , the glorious newspaper of old , the newspaper of Bernstein , Woodward , Seymour Hersh and many other wonderful American journalists and reporters.If Lenovo is not allowed to use the name of IBM , though they bought the company , Bezos should not be allowed to use the name of good old WaPo . Let them call it Bezos Post.Thus the campaign against Bezos is not against freedom of press , au contraire , it is for saving the press from moneybags .
A Pakistan Cricket Board official has confirmed that former international batsman Nasir Jamshed and another man were arrested and then released on bail in Britain amid an investigation into alleged spot-fixing in the Pakistan Super League .
“ Jamshed and another man , Yusuf , were arrested by the National Crime Agency , ” a PCB official told The Associated Press on Wednesday .
The PCB official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorised to comment on the issue .
Britain 's National Crime Authority released an earlier statement saying two men in their 30s had been arrested on Feb 13 and released on bail until April in connection with bribery offences as part of an ongoing investigation into international cricket match spot-fixing .
The PCB has already provisionally suspended Islamabad United 's Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif from the domestic Twenty20 tournament because of their alleged involvement in the corruption . Sharjeel and Latif returned to Lahore on Wednesday and faced more interviews with the cricket board 's anti-corruption unit .
Jamshed was suspended Monday from competing in any form of cricket .
A third Islamabad United player is also under investigation and a player from each of the Karachi Kings and Quetta Gladiators franchises were questioned by the PCB 's anti-corruption unit in the United Arab Emirates , where the Super League is being staged .
All three players were allowed to continue playing in the tournament .
“ We know what we are doing , ” PSL Chairman Najam Sethi said in an interview on a private television channel late Tuesday .
“ We have all the evidence and we knew this for a while . We had information , but we can not talk about stuff right now , a charge sheet will be given to players soon . ”
Sethi said PCB 's Anti-Corruption Unit had information about spot-fixing before the PSL began on Feb 9 .
“ We had identified a few players and then at final stages we knew the ICC had some information as well , ” they said .
“ When we compared it , the information was the same and then we decided to act on this . ”
“ We have these players ' phones in which there is more information who they were in touch with , what they talked about , ” Sethi added .
They said the cricket board 's anti-corruption unit had infiltrated gambling operations in Pakistan ahead of the tournament .
It 's not the first time Pakistan cricketers have been embroiled in corruption controversies . In 1999 Salim Malik and Ataur Rehman were banned for life following a match-fixing investigation .
In 2010 three players Mohammad Amir , Salman Butt and Mohammad Asif were suspended for five years for their involvement in the bowling of deliberate no-balls at pre-determined times during a test match in England .
© AP Photo / Jens Meyer
The Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) Party is continuing its efforts to repatriate Syrian refugees , formally urging the German federal government and the EU to lift their debilitating economic sanctions against the Arab Republic.The resolution was submitted by Dr. Christian Blex and a number of other party officials who visited Syria in March to assess the situation on the ground for themselves . `` They [ the sanctions ] target human beings who the European states allegedly want to protect . '' Dr. Blex said.the resolution reads.Moreover , the resolution called on the German government and the EU itself to reinstate diplomatic relations with Damascus to `` find a solution which secures the country 's peaceful rebuilding process , '' highlighting that rebuilding Syria and reviving its national economy is firmly in Germany 's interests , as it 's necessary for the repatriation of Syrian migrants.The coordinated strikes were carried in retaliation to an alleged chemical attack which was blamed on the Syrian government , despite Damascus staunchly denying any involvement and having no motive to carry out such an attack .
Roseanne Barr Blames Ambien For Racist Tweet According to NBC News , Roseanne said they had been “ ambien-tweeting ” in a now deleted tweet . Roseanne Barr , via Twitter Roseanne Barr , via Twitter Them ABC show 'Roseanne ' was cancelled after they compared former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett to an ape . Barr returned to the platform to insist they are not racist and to portray themselves as a victim of the media . They tweeted more than 100 times during their return , retweeting supportive messages from their followers . Sanofi , the makers of Ambien , responded to Barr , saying that “ racism is not a known side effect ” of their medication .
NASA is seeking suggestions from the public for a message to beam far , far out into space to the probe Voyager 1 in time for the 40th anniversary of its launch.40th anniversary of its launch .
The US space agency wants input via Twitter , Instagram , Facebook and other social media , and the public will vote on what short message we on earth should send to the intrepid , overachieving little space traveler .
NASA said on its website that people have until August 15 to make submissions of a maximum of 60 characters .
NASA , its Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the Voyager team will cull them , and the public will vote to pick the winner to send toward Voyager 1 on September 5 .
That probe is now almost 13 billion miles from Earth . It is the most distant human-made object ever .
And it is the first spacecraft to enter what is known as interstellar space . NASA defines this as beginning where the sun ` s flow of material and its magnetic field stop affecting its surroundings .
Voyager 1 was launched on September 5 , 1977 , and a sister ship , Voyager 2 , actually went up about two weeks earlier . Both traveled on Titan-Centaur rockets .
The mission of both was study the solar system ` s giant , gaseous outer planets : Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune .
Voyager 2 went up first because its trajectory was a longer , slower one . It is now almost 11 billion miles from home .
The resumes of both on a project that was never designed to last so long or reap so much treasure are simply eye-popping .
For instance , NASA says Voyager 1 was the first spacecraft to detect lightning on a planet other than Earth . It was on Jupiter .
And both Voyagers found suggestions of an ocean beyond Earth . This was on Jupiter ` s moon Europa . The list of other achievements is long .
HURGHADA ( Egypt ) ( Andrei Bichinev ) - A number of amenities , such as halal food and a special cultural center , will be available for Arab football fans who plan to visit Russia for the 2018 FIFA World Cup , Ehab Wahdan , a member of the working group on ensuring the safety of tourists with Egypt 's Interior and Tourism Ministry , told Sputnik .
This year , from June 14 to July 15 , Russia will host the FIFA World Cup for the first time . Matches will be held in the cities of Moscow , St. Petersburg , Rostov-on-Don , Sochi , Yekaterinburg , Saransk , Kaliningrad , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan , Volgograd , and Samara .
`` Our representatives have already visited Russia and agreed with several restaurants about halal meals , discussed what and how to cook and spoke about what the Arabs love . We discussed the possibility of organizing a buffet system , discounts and coupons , '' Wahdan , who also serves as the head of the Egyptian office of Tez Tour , one of Russia 's leading tourism companies , said .
As for the Arab cultural center , an agreement has already been reached with Egypt 's Ministry of Youth and Sports , the expert noted .
`` The details will be revealed later . This center will hold events , invite singers and artists . Our fans will be able to enjoy organized leisure . The Saudis , with whom we cooperate during the World Cup , promised to rent the territory and set up a huge tent for the cultural center , '' Wahdan said .
Several Thousand Egyptians to Visit Russia for World Cup
Many Egyptians are planning to visit Russia for the World Cup , and tourism companies have already begun booking tickets on both regular and charter flights .
© Sputnik/ Pavel Lisitsyn Yekaterinburg to Get Mobile Consulate for Latin American Fans During World Cup
`` I think that because of this event , the demand for local resorts among the Egyptians will drop ; people were saving money , because the trip to Russia is not cheap , they opted out of a few summer vacations to get the chance to go the mundial with the whole family . There are organizations and families that have started booking spots for the World Cup in Volgograd , and in Moscow , and in St. Petersburg six months in advance , '' Vakhdan said .
At least 1,000 people have already bought tours to Russia through Tez Tour , while another 1,000 are currently at the decision-making stage , according to the expert .
Since direct air traffic between Moscow and Cairo is expected to resume in mid-February , the number people visiting Russia for the World Cup is likely to increase substantially .
`` Now , when direct flights from Cairo to Moscow will resume , and special prices for those wishing to go to the World Cup were promised , I think we will be able to sell a third [ batch of one ] thousand of tours . The Egyptian team will definitely play three matches in two weeks , so the fans will fly to Russia for the average period of 12-15 days . And if our national team performs well , the fans are ready to extend their stay in Russia , '' the expert said .
In general , the interest in traveling to Russia has been growing among Egyptian tourists , who tend to visit Russia 's most popular destinations : Moscow , St.Petersburg and Kazan .
Large Number of Saudis Also Set to Visit Russia During FIFA 2018
`` Approximately six months before the World Cup , even people from other Arab countries , for example from Saudi Arabia , sought guides through us . Their team plays the first match at the opening of the World Cup with the Russian team . The Saudis will take care of the flights themselves , but in Russia we will provide them such services as transport , translation , excursions and so on , '' Vakhdan said .
Some 2,000-3,000 Saudis are expected to visit Russia through Tez Tour alone , the expert underlined .
In general , more than 4.9 million tickets to the 2018 FIFA World Cup have been requested during the first period of the second sales phase , according to the FIFA press service .
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town , and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
5:13 Mark Cuban : AT & T , Time Warner merger needed for competition with major tech companies
1:34 Introducing North Texas students to aviation careers
3:13 Dalworthington Gardens mayor responds to questions about Bill Waybourn
The discovery raises the intriguing possibility that some star in our galaxy might be circled by two Earth-like worlds — planets with oceans and continents , where technologically advanced life could develop . “ Imagine looking through a telescope to see another world with life just a few million miles from your own . Or , having the capability to travel between them on a regular basis . I ca n't think of a more powerful motivation to become a space-faring society , ” said Harvard astronomer Dimitar Sasselov .
“ These planets are unlike anything in our solar system . They have endless oceans , ” said lead author Lisa Kaltenegger of the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy and the CfA . “ There may be life there , but could it be technology-based like ours ? Life on these worlds would be underwater with no easy access to metals , to electricity , or fire for metallurgy . Nonetheless , these worlds will still be beautiful , blue planets circling an orange star — and maybe life 's inventiveness to get to a technology stage will surprise us . ”
Astronomers discovered a `` Water World '' planetary system this past April orbiting the star Kepler-62 . This five-planet system has two worlds in the habitable zone — the distance from their star at which they receive enough light and warmth that liquid water could theoretically exist on their surfaces . Modeling by researchers at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ( CfA ) suggests that both planets are water worlds , their surfaces completely covered by a global ocean with no land in sight .
Kepler-62 is a type K star slightly smaller and cooler than our sun . The two water worlds , designated Kepler-62e and -62f , orbit the star every 122 and 267 days , respectively . They were found by NASA 's Kepler spacecraft , which detects planets that transit , or cross the face of , their host star . Measuring a transit tells astronomers the size of the planet relative to its star . The star system is illustrated below ( CfA ) .
Kepler-62e is 60 percent larger than Earth , while Kepler-62f is about 40 percent larger , making both of them “ super-Earths. ” They are too small for their masses to be measured , but astronomers expect them to be composed of rock and water , without a significant gaseous envelope .
As the warmer of the two worlds , Kepler-62e would have a bit more clouds than Earth , according to computer models . More distant Kepler-62f would need the greenhouse effect from plenty of carbon dioxide to warm it enough to host an ocean . Otherwise , it might become an ice-covered snowball .
“ Kepler-62e probably has a very cloudy sky and is warm and humid all the way to the polar regions . Kepler-62f would be cooler , but still potentially life-friendly , ” said Harvard astronomer and co-author Dimitar Sasselov .
“ The good news is — the two would exhibit distinctly different colors and make our search for signatures of life easier on such planets in the near future , ” they added .
Kaltenegger and Sasselov 's research has been accepted for publication in The Astrophysical Journal .
The Daily Galaxy via CfA
Image credits : wallpapersafari
Google has recently started rolling out the Android P Beta 3 ( Developer Preview 4 ) for its devices . The new update brings a number of changes which includes some minor changes in the UI. , dark mode along with some updates for Google camera and some apps . The camera app has not received any notable features as of now , however as per some reports from the Beebom an APK teardown which was conducted by Android Police has revealed that some new features are in the line
The code of the new update reveals some interesting feature including support for RAW images , a solution to resolve the angular distortion in images , a multi-channel audio support for recording surround-sound and an automatic framerate adjusting tool .
According to the report , the Google Camera will resolve the issue with the processing algorithm for correcting the wide-angle face distortion and will also work on making the faces look natural by making up for the angular changes . This is expected to reduce the fish-eye effect which appears in some of the images .
One of the other strings that were spotted in the Android APK teardown suggests that the Google Camera app will soon have the ability to assess the external lighting situations and automatically select the best frame rate value in order to provide optimal exposure and better quality for the video .
One of the most interesting tool which was spotted in the APK teardown was the 'shiny feature ' , which is said to be the code for two audio functionalities including IMAX AUDIO and microphone . The code further reveals that the multi-channel audio recording will be activated when more than one microphone is available in a device which in turn will enable the sound audio recordings .
All these new updates sound quite interesting and it will be interesting to see the practical application of the updated software . If everything comes to play as it is supposed to be then Google 's camera app will be amongst one of the camera app that will surely please some serious shutterbugs .
The price of bitcoin broke through US $ 4,000 per coin on Sunday and is still above the symbolic level in early trade on Monday .
Bitcoin crossed the US $ 4,000 mark at close to 1:00 am on Sunday and stands at US $ 4,056.80 at the time of writing ( 2.10 am EDT ) .
Iqbal V. Gandham , UK MD of trading platform eToro , said in an emailed statement : `` Bitcoin hitting US $ 4,000 is another milestone in long list of big moments the cryptocurrency has witnessed in recent weeks . Following a fall to US $ 1,800 , it has come back strongly and relatively steadily . This is encouraging .
`` Furthermore , the ecosystem is also getting stronger . You now have more places to spend Bitcoin , more regulators thinking about the right infrastructure , and more investors learning about the asset . Speculation is rightly moving away from price and focusing on use cases . '' Markets Insider
Bitcoin has been on an incredible rally this year , up over 300 percent since the start of the year . The digital currency only passed US $ 3,500 for the first time earlier this month .
Elsewhere in the cryptocurrency space , Bitcoin Cash , the new cryptocurrency that was split off from bitcoin at the start of the month , is also rallying strongly .
Bitcoin Cash is up 6.99 percent to US $ 319.25 .
Markets Insider
Ethereum , the other major cryptocurrency , is rallying too . The digital currency is up 7.45 percent to US $ 319.76 on Monday morning in London .
Markets Insider
This article was originally published by Business Insider .
More from Business Insider :
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Saturday 's Games
St. Louis 6 , Detroit 1
Edmonton 6 , Montreal 2
Colorado 7 , Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4 , Winnipeg 3 , OT
Columbus 1 , Arizona 0
Boston 3 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4 , Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5 , New Jersey 2
Vegas 5 , Dallas 3
San Jose 5 , Ottawa 0
Calgary 4 , Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3 , Carolina 2 , OT
Sunday 's Games
Chicago 3 , Arizona 1
St. Louis 3 , Buffalo 2 , OT
Toronto 1 , Edmonton 0
Minnesota at San Jose , 9 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Washington at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
Florida at Detroit , 7:30 p.m .
Vancouver at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Carolina at Anaheim , 10 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Edmonton at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Ottawa at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Toronto at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Washington , 7 p.m .
Los Angeles at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Calgary at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Tampa Bay at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Florida at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Carolina at Vegas , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Nashville at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
It is now official . Rahul Gandhi is set to take over as Congress president on December 16 .
Senior party leader Mullappally Ramachandran made the announcement on Monday afternoon . `` Eighty-nine nomination proposals were received . All were valid . Since there was only one candidate , I hereby declare Rahul Gandhi elected as the president of Indian National Congress , '' they said .
Rahul will succeed their mother , Sonia Gandhi , as the party president . They had been elevated to the post of vice president of the party in 2013 .
The handover of the party from one generation to ye another of the Nehru-Gandhi family comes as Sonia 's Gandhi 's has suffered from an extended period of ill health .
Rahul has already been running the party for a few months now , according to party leaders .
The formal elevation will come just days after Gujarat votes in its second and final phase of the Assembly election .
Rahul Gandhi will be the 16th president of the storied Indian National Congress after Independence . They will become the fifth member of their family to hold the post , the fourth since Independence .
LYNCHBURG , Va. - Lynchburg City Schools are working with area community centers this summer to provide free meals to anyone in the city is 18 years or younger .
SUMMER MEALS MENU
Each site is operating different dates and times . Below are links to the menu and the hours and dates of service for the various sites . Summer meal sites are operating Monday through Friday unless specified otherwise .
SUMMER FOOD SERVICE PROGRAM SITES , DAYS AND TIMES
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
The attorney for a veteran NYPD detective accused of exposing themselves last month to teenage girls in Rockville Centre said Monday that their client was coerced by village police into giving a false confession , as Nassau prosecutors disclosed that three witnesses identified the perpetrator as being a different race than the detective .
Robert Francis , a 17-year veteran of the force , pleaded not guilty to four counts of public lewdness , three counts of endangering the welfare of a child , four counts of criminal trespass and one count of trespass , at their arraignment Monday in Nassau County District Court in Hempstead .
“ I think it 's without a doubt a false confession , ” said Peter Brill , Francis ' defense attorney . “ You have a military veteran with over 15 years with the New York City Police Department , an upstanding citizen , someone who 's never had one issue in their life before and all of a sudden he 's confessing , according to the Rockville Centre Police Department , to this type of crime ? It 's insane . ”
Rockville Centre police said in criminal complaints filed in support of the public lewdness charges that Francis “ waived their Miranda rights ” and admitted to the lewd acts .
Rockville Centre Police Commissioner Charles Gennario , who said at a news conference last month that Francis expressed remorse to police when they were arrested , did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment Monday .
Francis , 46 , of Springfield Gardens , Queens , was arrested March 26 and charged in four incidents in February and March in which police said the suspect followed the same pattern : entering the backyard of a home under the cover of darkness , pointing a flashlight at a window to gain the attention of one of the victims and then pointing the flashlight to their private parts .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The victims in some instances were as young as 14 and 15 years old , court documents say .
The first incident occurred on Feb. 5 at 9:35 p.m. on Lakeview Avenue ; the next on Feb. 25 at 9 p.m. on Seaman Avenue ; the third on Feb. 27 at 8:50 a.m. on Brompton Road ; and March 24 at 11 p.m. on Sherman Avenue , police said . Francis was also accused of only trespassing a second time in Rockville Centre on Feb. 27 , court documents say .
Nassau Assistant District Attorney Anna Acquafredda said in court that three of the victims in the case identified the flashing suspect as a white male . Francis is black .
Brill said their client was not identified in a police lineup .
“ I think it 's very tempting for a police department with multiple , upsetting complaints in a small community , with residents who pay for what amounts to a private police force , to want to clear their books of these complaints , ” said Brill , who has offices in Hempstead and Manhattan . “ The district attorney has already admitted there 's three people who had identified a white person , and you can tell that Mr. Francis is in no way a white person . ”
Brendan Brosh , a spokesperson for the Nassau district attorney 's office , declined to comment on the witness statements .
Asked how their client could be coerced into making a false confession , Brill said “ police tactics are very , very coercive in situations like this when they 're looking to a vulnerable person , a person who 's under a great deal of stress , a person who 's being held in a situation like this , especially a police officer. ” They said police held Francis in the station for many hours .
Francis , who was suspended without pay following their arrest , left court without commenting to the press .
London : England 's top cricket administrator may feel young people no longer care about cricket , but the man running the sport 's global governing body is adamant youth interest is rising worldwide .
And David Richardson , the chief executive of the International Cricket Council , added that that next year 's World Cup in England and Wales represents a brilliant opportunity to prove the doubters wrong .
Colin Graves , the England and Wales Cricket Board chairperson , sparked controversy with their recent comment that young people `` are just not attracted to cricket '' .
It appeared they were trying to justify the proposed introduction of a new 100-ball format into the English game in 2020 .
But many cricket lovers were aghast at Graves 's seeming lack of faith in their own sport , while others were equally dismayed by what they saw as a slap in the face for various youth cricket initiatives , including those of the ECB itself .
Photographs of young fans enjoying themselves at various English county grounds and other games started appearing on Twitter in response to Graves 's statement .
Richardson , too diplomatic to join in the criticism , was nevertheless keen to defend cricket 's appeal to the next generation while speaking in London on Wednesday at an event marking a year to the start of the 2019 World Cup .
`` That is very much an English viewpoint , '' Richardson said , when asked about Graves 's comments .
`` Globally we are seeing in our sport , compared to other sports , the average age of the fan is lower than even football and certainly rugby .
`` Market by market , it varies widely -- in England , I think , there is a bit of a challenge making sure we re-engage with the youth and grow the game from a participation point of view -- but elsewhere in the world , it is quite positive . ''
- No 'appetite ' for new format -
================================
Meanwhile Richardson , while noting domestic limited-overs cricket had been played in a variety of formats down the years , was in no hurry to add the 100-ball game to an international schedule already groaning under the weight of Tests , one-day internationals and Twenty20s .
`` Our strategy is clear in that we 've got three formats of the same game , which is challenging in itself to keep them from cannibalising each other , '' they said .
`` But what it does do is provide us an opportunity to provide an offering to everybody , every type of cricket fan , from the traditional old Test cricket fan to a youngster who wants something to be happening every ball .
`` And the 50-over version , I think , is that perfect fit between Test and T20 . It provides a perfect day 's entertainment , we 've seen that around the world - it is very popular elsewhere in the world -- and the World Cup has got that prestige which I think will help cement 50-over cricket 's popularity well into the future . ''
`` But certainly there is n't an appetite to increase and create another format , '' the former South Africa wicket-keeper explained .
Asked if the ECB , which successfully staged both the Champions Trophy and the Women 's World Cup last year , needed help from the ICC in marketing the World Cup , Richardson replied : `` We do n't need to hold their hand or do anything ( like that ) . They are quite capable themselves , I 'm sure .
`` But the bottom line is that this does present a huge opportunity -- and we saw it with the Women 's World Cup -- to attract a new audience to get people enthused who were n't necessarily going to cricket matches season after season .
`` I think there is a huge opportunity in having an event in your own country . ''
MOSCOW ( AP ) — Russian President Vladimir Putin visited a Russian military air base in Syria on Monday and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the country .
Putin made a stopover at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria 's coastal province of Latakia while en route to Egypt .
The base , in the heartland of Syrian President Bashar Assad 's Alawite minority , has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria .
Speaking to the Russian troops at the base , Putin said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a “ significant part ” of the Russian contingent in Syria . They added in remarks carried by Russian news agencies that “ if the terrorists again raise their heads , we will deal such blows to them they have never seen . ”
Meanwhile , Syrian state TV said that Ashar Assad met up with Putin at the air base in Syria earlier in the morning . The Russian military has said previously that they will maintain their presence at the Hemeimeem air base and the naval facility in Tartus .
The visit marks Putin 's first trip to Syria and comes as Assad 's forces have retaken control over most of Syria under the Russian air cover .
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria on Sept. 30 2015 when Assad 's government was teetering on the brink of collapse and helped change the course of the conflict in its favor .
Putin 's visit follows the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army under the Russian air cover routed the Islamic State in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the border with Iraq .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
A suite of works created by more than 30 Australian music stars and visual artists in Cossack last year will be showcased to the public for the very first time in May .
The Vast Project was introduced last year with the intention of exposing artists to the beauty of the Pilbara landscape .
The inaugural launch in September 2017 saw big names like Bernard Fanning and Paul Dempsey travel to the historical ghost town to gain inspiration .
The body of work , which involves mediums and processes including concert , film screening , gallery show and immersive workshops , will be on display on Thursday , May 17 , at the new Red Earth Arts Precinct .
Artists confirmed to attend this year 's project include Jae Laffer , Sally Seltmann , Kav Temperley , The Healys , Ro and Glenn Richards — with more artists still to be announced .
City of Karratha Mayor Peter Long said the exciting project would highlight Cossack and the wider region as a creative hub for established and aspiring artists .
“ This the first time The Vast Project will be presented and we are thrilled to welcome many of the artists involved back to the City of Karratha for this incredibly special event , ” they said .
“ This project is a collaboration of artistic mediums inspired by the Pilbara , from sculpture through to film and song-writing and I have no doubt that we can expect great things from this work and the creative opportunities it will bring our region , ” they said .
Last year 's artists including Paul McDermott , Robert Moore , Tyson Mowarin , Nick Sheppard , Josie Alec , Alex Gow and Baby Guerrilla will return to celebrate the success of the inaugural event . To purchase tickets , visit the Red Earth Arts Precinct Facebook page .
Related Coverage Senate Dems to meet on Flynn , Trump Russia ties
GROTON , Conn. ( WTNH ) – A Russian spy ship has been spotted floating off the coast of Connecticut , Wednesday .
According to ABC News , the Russian intelligence gathering ship , named The Viktor Leonov , was seen patrolling in waters 30 miles south of the Naval Submarine Base in Groton . The ship appears to be making its way up the east coast as Monday it was spotted 70 miles off the coast of Delaware .
U.S. officials said that the ship was likely headed to that location near Connecticut in international waters where it could be close to the sub base , according to ABC News . The U.S. territorial waters extend 12 miles from shore to the vessel .
Officials say the “ loitering ” ship is equipped with communications and signal intelligence gathering equipment .
Before heading to the U.S. , the Leonov was seen in the Atlantic Ocean seemingly headed towards the Caribbean and in early February it made port in Kingston , Jamaica , according to ABC News .
Congressman Joe Courtney released the following statement in regards to the spy ship :
“ A Russian spy ship patrolling 30 miles from the Groton SUBASE underscores that the threats posed by a resurgent Russia are real , ” said Courtney . “ This unacceptable , aggressive action , combined with the buzzing of US Navy ships in the Red Sea yesterday are clearly testing the resolve of a new administration . While I have total confidence in our Navy 's vigilant , responsible readiness , the White House needs to move past their seeming infatuation with Putin and treat them like the serious threat to global peace and security that they have been for the last five years . ”
Senator Chris Murphy also released a statement on the Russian ship :
“ While this is not wholly unprecedented , it 's part of a series of aggressive actions by Russia that threaten U.S. national security and the security of our allies . Just yesterday , news broke that Russia violated an Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty . Coupled with escalating fighting in eastern Ukraine and Russian jets buzzing a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Black Sea , Putin clearly thinks the Trump administration has given them a permission slip to flex their muscles . President Trump and their administration must end their silence and immediately respond to these threats to our national security . ”
Additionally , Connecticut representative Rosa DeLauro tweeted about the incident .
Russia is flexing its muscle and floating a submarine off the coast of Connecticut . Maybe you should focus your attention there ? https : //t.co/eWGBN0HtHw — Rosa DeLauro ( @ rosadelauro ) February 15 , 2017
Correction : it 's a ship , not a submarine . However , President Trump needs to focus on the issues at hand rather than tweeting . — Rosa DeLauro ( @ rosadelauro ) February 15 , 2017
ABC News says that based on past Russian practice , the ship is likely heading to Cuba when it finishes its Northeast mission .
News 8 is working to gather more information at this time . Check back for more updates .
CLOSE A protest was held in support of Cindy Mann who was removed from their position as Head of School of Padua Academy . Jerry Habraken / The News Journal
Buy Photo Padua Academy parents , students , and community members stand together in protest of the removal of Padua Academy Head of School Cindy Mann outside of St. Anthony of Padua Church before 9 a.m. Mass on Sunday . ( Photo : Jerry Habraken , The News Journal ) Buy Photo
St. Anthony of Padua Parish released a statement following the firing of Cindy Mann , Padua Academy 's former principal . Mann 's ouster was made public Friday .
The statement is as follows :
`` St. Anthony of Padua Parish is responding to misunderstandings and/or false statements made in social media and quoted in some press reports relating to the change in leadership at Padua Academy :
Padua Academy was founded , constructed and has always been administered by St. Anthony of Padua Parish . The campus was built under the supervision of Fr . Roberto Balducelli , OSFS , Br . Michael Rosenello , OSFS , and countless parish volunteers . The Padua Academy campus , including all buildings and land , is wholly owned by St Anthony of Padua parish . Padua Academy has never been independent of the parish , and the parish intends to continue to operate the school as a core component of the parish community .
The Head of School ( aka Principal ) of Padua Academy reports directly and solely to the Pastor of St. Anthony of Padua Parish .
Statements have been made that 15 percent of Padua tuition revenue are paid to the parish as rent , and that this percentage is being raised . These statements are false . The parish has never assessed any sort of “ rent ” , nor has Padua ever paid any rent to the parish , for use of the facilities .
Beginning in 2013 , the parish undertook a Parish Pastoral Planning effort — essentially a strategic planning process . A key strategy identified was an examination of all parish assets to determine how to best leverage these resources to ensure the continued vibrancy of the parish as it approaches its second century of ministry . A number of action steps were identified . These include ( among other things ) the decision to sell the St. Anthony in the Hills property , and the initiation of Stewardship Assessment of Padua Academy beginning in the 2016-2017 academic year .
The rationale for the Stewardship Contribution is straightforward : historically , the majority of Padua student families were St. Anthony 's parishioners , and contributed to the parish offertory . Today , 97 percent of Padua student families are not parishioners . The goal of the Stewardship Assessment is to replace those offertory contributions .
The parish decided to initiate a phased-in approach to implement the Stewardship Contribution , to minimize impact on Padua 's budget . The plan calls for a five-year period beginning in the 2016-2017 school year with a $ 40,000 total assessment ( or $ 60 per student ) . The parish also agreed , per the request of Padua Academy leadership , to deduct from the annul total the net revenue earned by the Padua-operated funnel cake stand at the annual Italian Festival . The Stewardship Contribution for the 2017-2018 is $ 90,000 ( or $ 135 per student ) . The plan , in its 5th year ( 2021-22 ) will have a Stewardship Contribution of $ 240,000 ( or $ 400 per student ) . As a comparison : Per an independent professional property appraisal obtained by the parish : if school needed to rent comparable facilities on the open market , the cost to rent such facilities would be approximately $ 1 million annually . The flight attendantship contribution by comparison , is less than 25 percent of this figure .
At the current tuition rate of $ 13,000 per student the flight attendantship contribution started at .005 percent and will move to 3 percent of tuition at the end of the 5 year plan . The annual flight attendantship contribution by Padua Academy has no material effect/impact on ongoing scholastic or operational activities as it is within planned budgeting and ramps up over a five year period .
The Stewardship Contribution plan was discussed extensively by the Parish Finance Council , and was unanimously approved by the Council .
The Stewardship Contribution was presented to the Padua Advisory Board in 2016 with the full support of the pastor . The flight attendantship contributions for both the 2016-17 and 2017-18 academic years have already been paid .
Statements have been made that funds assessed from Padua Academy are supporting St. Anthony of Padua Grade School . These statements are false . The annual flight attendantship contribution from Padua Academy is utilized by the parish for general operating purposes . St. Anthony 's Italian Festival is the primary fundraiser offering support for the Parish Grade School . The Diocese of Wilmington mandates that a parish subsidize the operating cost of an elementary school it operates between 15 percent and 35 percent of the school budget . The parish subsidizes 26 percent of the grade school operating costs , primarily via revenue raised by the Italian Festival .
Statements have been made that St. Anthony of Padua grade school is failing and enrollment is declining . These statements are false . The grade school is vibrant and growing . Enrollment this academic year rose 5 percent vs. last year — one of only two diocesan elementary schools that realized an increase in enrollment . The school has made significant strategic investments in the facility and faculty , including the conversion of the school library to a state-of-the-art digital library , and the initiation of a fully-integrated special education program . St. Anthony 's is the only diocesan elementary school to offer these innovative features .
The facts presented above are offered to provide a comprehensive explanation of the financial relationship between Padua Academy and St. Anthony 's parish in recent years . ''
PADUA NEWS
Students stage sit-in , parents march in support of ousted Padua leader
Pink protests begin in support of ousted Padua principal
Padua Academy 's head of school , Cindy Mann , abruptly removed from position by parish
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/education/2018/03/19/st-anthony-padua-parish-statement-padua-change-leadership/438387002/
Area property managers , employers and employees commit to changing their commute during May 14th-18th to reduce traffic and parking congestion
Georgia Commute Options today announced the inaugural Clear the Deck Challenge , a regional initiative to reduce parking consumption through the promotion of alternatives to driving alone . During the week of May 14th – 18th , participating property managers and employers will challenge their employees to use cleaner commute options such as teleworking , carpooling , vanpooling , taking transit or biking/walking for at least one day during the week .
During the initiative , property managers and/or employers will monitor parking consumption through their decks and lots to showcase any decreases . After the week , Georgia Commute Options will release data to showcase how metro Atlantans rose to the challenge of trying different commuting options and subsequently reduced the need to park at their worksites .
“ This inaugural Clear the Deck Challenge is a great opportunity for employers to encourage their employees to try a different commute option , rather than driving alone to work and parking their vehicle that will sit in one space all day long , ” said Malika Reed Wilkins , Georgia Commute Options ' managing director . “ By trying transit , starting a carpool or even teleworking during this week , commuters can skip their stressful commute and save money , boost work productivity and improve air quality . ”
Employees who participate in Clear the Deck and opt for a different way of commuting may also be eligible for incentive programs offered by Georgia Commute Options . The following incentive programs are available for clean commuters :
Gim me Five : New program participants can earn $ 5 a day — up to $ 150 — for trying a new commute option other than driving alone .
New program participants can earn $ 5 a day — up to $ 150 — for trying a new commute option other than driving alone . $ 25 Prizes : Existing clean commuters are entered to win monthly $ 25 prizes for logging their commutes .
Existing clean commuters are entered to win monthly $ 25 prizes for logging their commutes . Monthly Gas Card : Carpools with three or more riders can earn monthly gas cards .
Carpools with three or more riders can earn monthly gas cards . Vanpool $ 50 Referral : Individuals can receive $ 50 for referring a new vanpool rider after that new rider has completed three consecutive months on a vanpool .
Individuals can receive $ 50 for referring a new vanpool rider after that new rider has completed three consecutive months on a vanpool . Guaranteed Ride Home : Program participants are promised a guaranteed ride home when unexpected events occur and are approved . Participants can receive up to five free rides each year , by taxi or rental car , to their home or car in case of emergency .
Already , employers around metro Atlanta , like the US Forest Service , are committing to participate in the Clear the Deck Challenge .
“ The US Forest Service is proud to participate in the pilot year of Clear the Deck as it is a great opportunity to explore clean modes of commuting , like carpool and transit , for our employees , ” The US Forest Service said in an official statement . “ We look forward to working with Georgia Commute Options as we take on the challenge ! ”
Interested property managers and employers can visit www.gacommuteoptions.com/clearthedeck to learn more about the Clear the Deck Challenge , sign up to participate and request promotional materials for their offices .
# # #
About Clear the Deck
Clear the Deck is a new regional initiative to reduce parking consumption through the promotion of alternatives to driving alone . Metro Atlanta employers and property managers are invited to challenge their employees and tenants to use cleaner commute options such as teleworking , carpooling , vanpooling , taking transit or biking/walking for at least one day in a week-long period . The inaugural challenge period for metro Atlanta is May 14th – 18th , 2018 .
About Georgia Commute Options
Georgia Commute Options , a program managed by the Atlanta Regional Commission and funded through the Georgia Department of Transportation , works with employers , commuters and schools to encourage drivers who ride alone to make the switch to a commute option such as riding transit , teleworking , carpooling , vanpooling , walking and/or biking , with the ultimate goal of reducing congestion and the emissions that contribute to smog pollution . For more information , visit www.GaCommuteOptions.com and follow Georgia Commute Options on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram . The GA Commuter App to log commutes is available for download via the App Store or Google Play .
Also On The Chicago Defender :
South Dakota House of Representatives candidate Dusty Johnson believes that trade should be approached as a benefit for all , rather than a competition . They say that one of the central ideas of voluntary economic activity is that it benefits everyone .
`` I 'm a little concerned that we view it [ trade ] as a zero sum game with winners and losers , '' says Johnson . They feel that South Dakota would benefit most from an open trade plan .
Johnson , a former Public Utilities Commissioner , says that open trade is what powers prosperity . Since South Dakota exports more than $ 4 billion worth of agricultural products , being open to trading with anyone would make the state a lot of money .
Johnson is one of three candidates vying for the Republican nomination for the South Dakota House of Representatives against Neal Tapio and Shantel Krebs . According to the Argus Leader , Johnson currently leads the other two candidates in fundraising . This has led the other candidates to target Johnson .
The primary election for the nomination will be on June 5 .
See Also :
TORONTO - Controversy over a female-only spa 's `` no male genitals '' policy has reignited debate over the rights of transgender people to access traditionally gender-exclusive spaces , even as the federal government pushes stronger protections prohibiting discrimination based on gender identity and gender expression .
The uproar over Toronto 's Body Blitz Spa prompted a flurry of complaints on social media , with longtime regular Shelley Marshall among those vowing to boycott the luxurious retreat .
Marshall says they tried to bring their transgender friend to the spa last year but was told they would only be welcome at the bathing suit-optional facility if they had undergone sex reassignment surgery .
`` I did n't want to embarrass my friend , I did n't want to humiliate my friend , I did n't want all this to happen , '' Marshall says of not speaking out at the time . `` I 'm embarrassed I never stuck up for my friend . ''
Toronto-based LGBTQ author Jia Qing Wilson-Yang tweeted last week that they were told not to visit the spa because they `` wo n't allow male genitalia . ''
That followed a Facebook post by Weronika Jane who says the spa 's manager called a friend one hour before their booking `` to say that they could n't come because they had a 'no male genital rule . ' ''
Body Blitz refused to comment on the issue , but released a statement insisting it supports the LGBTQ community .
`` However , because Body Blitz Spa is a single-sex facility with full nudity , we are not like other facilities . We recognize that this is an important discussion for single-sex facilities to have and we will seek to find a satisfactory resolution , '' reads the statement .
Some people found the position comforting .
`` Thank you for standing up for women . Private spaces for naked female bodies . Identity irrelevant , '' said one social media supporter , signed Rachel Ralison .
But the whole flap has been disappointing to client and York University Prof. Sheila Cavanagh , who specializes in gender and sexuality studies .
They say that aside from violating provincial laws governing gender discrimination , such incidents highlight the difficulty in adhering to strictly binary definitions of gender .
`` There are many ways of being trans and there are many ways of being a woman , '' says Cavanagh , noting that trans rights are enshrined in the Ontario Human Rights Code .
`` And certainly surgery or hormones , per se , do not make a woman .... I think it 's gender identity that matters and what is between our legs is our own business . ''
They note that not all trans people transition with surgeries and not all trans people use or take hormones .
Transgender is also a very broad term . Some transgender people identify as bi-gender or non-gender or agender , which means they do n't strictly identify as a man or a woman . Still others are intersex , which the National Health Service in the United Kingdom defines as a genetic `` mix of male and female sexual characteristics . ''
Cavanagh says the rules around gender-exclusive places are typically based on fears that men will enter a space in which they are not welcome or `` that non-trans women will somehow be triggered or made afraid by the presence of a penis . ''
But Cavanagh says their research on violence in gendered bathrooms found no evidence of a trans woman assaulting a non-trans woman in a public space .
`` The fear of violence against women is unfortunately used to justify trans-exclusion policies , '' they say , noting that many women shelters have trans-positive policies .
`` It 's not just violence against cis-gendered women , it 's also violence against trans women that matters . ''
Marshall says they ca n't see how a trans-positive policy could be abused .
`` I do n't think a man is going to try and sneak in as a woman and pay $ 75 to go sit ( in a pool ) . For what purpose ? ''
But they see all sorts of ways a trans-phobic policy can hurt a trans person .
`` A trans person has to live as a woman before they can get surgery , '' says Marshall . `` This is just another way of telling them : you have no place in our society . ''
Cavanagh takes heart in believing Bill C-16 is likely to pass . The federal legislation would bolster existing provincial laws that make it illegal to discriminate on the basis of gender identity and gender expression . Currently , trans rights are interpreted in various ways by each province .
Adding weight to this movement are the increasing number of businesses and public bodies making their trans-positive policies more explicit .
Many school boards welcome transgender students and staff to use the washroom or change room of the gender they identify with .
At the national fitness chain GoodLife , members are able to use the change room of the gender they identify with , while various YMCAs across the continent have opened gender-neutral change rooms .
Despite this , harassment continues , says Cavanagh .
`` In addition to developing a policy , members need to be educated so that transphobia is n't allowed under the auspices of women 's safety . ''
FILE PHOTO : People walk through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London , Britain August 25 , 2015 . REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File photo
LONDON British shares edged higher on Wednesday , extending gains from the previous session as heavyweight mining and oil stocks rallied , while support services firm DCC also gained after agreeing to buy a business in Hong Kong and Macau .
The blue chip FTSE 100 index ended up 0.1 percent , outperforming the broader European market thanks to its large proportion of resources-related stocks .
Miners were among the standout performers , with BHP Billiton and Antofagasta both gaining more than 1.5 percent as copper prices traded higher .
BHP Billiton , the world 's biggest exporter of coal for making steel also saw support after declaring force majeure for coal deliveries from its mines in Australia 's Bowen Basin after a cyclone damaged railway lines .
Disruption from Cyclone Debbie has spurred worries of tighter supply , sending coking coal futures higher .
Oil stocks also lent support , but they pared some gains after crude prices eased from one-month highs , as support from an outage at the largest UK North Sea oilfield was offset by a surprise increase in U.S. crude inventories .
BP and Royal Dutch Shell rose 0.7 and 0.3 percent respectively . Even though they came off earlier highs , energy stocks remained the biggest contributor to gains in the FTSE .
DCC was also among the biggest gainers , ending up 1.7 percent and trading close to record highs after agreeing to buy Royal Dutch Shell 's liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) business in Hong Kong and Macau for an enterprise value of $ 145 million .
`` It ... provides a good platform for further growth in the Asian LPG market as it pursues its strategy to be a global leader in its industry , '' analysts at UBS said in a note .
South Africa-exposed insurer Old Mutual was the biggest FTSE loser , down 4.4 percent , tracking a further fall in the rand after the ruling African National Congress Party ( ANC ) rejected calls for President Jacob Zuma to quit .
Specialty chemicals company Croda dropped 3.6 percent after Credit Suisse downgraded its rating to `` underperform '' from `` neutral '' .
`` We believe Croda shares are trading at a premium to fair value given operational headwinds in 2017 and structural long-term pressure in Personal Care as the business lifecycle matures , '' analysts at Credit Suisse said in a note .
Outside of the blue chips , shares in Allied Minds lost a third of their value in their biggest one-day loss on record after the tech and life sciences-focused incubator cut funding for seven of its portfolio companies .
( Reporting by Kit Rees ; Additional reporting by Danilo Masoni ; Editing by Alison Williams and Mark Potter )
RFK gunned down at Ambassador , 1993
Photo : Los Angeles Times / Associated Press Sen. Robert F. Kennedy lies on the floor at the Ambassador Hotel in ...
Items culled from The Chronicle 's archives of 25 , 50 , 75 and 100 years ago :
1993
June 7 : Hundreds of thousands of people will march behind a banner proclaiming 1993 as “ the year of the queer ” at this month 's Lesbian/Gay Freedom Day Parade — but some gays say they are so upset by the use of the “ q-word ” that they will stay home . “ Among ourselves it 's OK — I have no problem with it at all , ” said San Francisco resident Steve Newberger , an outreach worker for homeless people with AIDS . “ But because it 's a derogatory word , it does not promote the cause or help educate the people we need to educate . ”
Dave Ford , a San Francisco publicist , said that the community 's use of the word is an effort to defuse its power to hurt . “ By making it our own , we are disempowering and subverting the epithet and taking away a weapon from non-gay people. ” But feelings about the issue remain strong . Norm Nickens , an official with San Francisco 's retirement system , said they intend to stay home . “ I was born in 1955 , and in the course of my lifetime I 've gone from being colored to Negro to black to African American , and I consider that progress , ” said Nickens . “ But I do not consider going from fag to gay to queer to be progress . ”
— David Tuller
1968
June 5 : “ The gunman started firing at point blank range and Senator Kennedy did n't have a chance. ” Los Angeles Times photographer-reporter Boris Yaro , who was standing only three feet away from the shooting in the kitchen corridor at the Ambassador Hotel , fought back tears as they gave this graphic description of the shooting . “ Kennedy backed up against the kitchen freezers as the gunman fired at point blank range . They cringed and threw their hands up over their face . I think five shots were fired . The gunman was a short , dark-complexioned man . They moved closer toward the Senator , holding a short-barreled revolver .
“ Three or four people grabbed him , but by then it was too late . I turned around and saw Senator Kennedy lying on the floor . Blood seemed to be pouring out of a wound in their head or ear . It seemed as though they were trying to say something , but you could n't hear him . The gunman was pinned against the freezer and the gun was knocked from their hand. ” In the scuffle immediately after the shooting , star athlete Rafer Johnson tackled the assailant , and bodyguard Roosevelt Greer , former lineman for the Los Angeles Rams , seized the gun . Before they were removed from the hotel , a Catholic layperson said they attempted to give the senator the final rites of the Roman Catholic church , but the surging crowd pushed them away . The man said , “ I gave them the rosary and they clenched it tightly and I was pushed away . ”
1943
June 8 : An urgent call for women rat catchers has been issued by Health Director Geiger . “ We need women to catch rats , “ said Dr. Geiger , “ because the men wo n't stay on the job . Of the nine positions for rodent control men , only three are filled. ” Dr. Geiger said rats are increasing in San Francisco because of the increasing difficulty of regular garbage collection and the transient living habits of families coming to the city to work in war industries . The rat population has grown enormously in the section of the city formerly occupied by Japanese . “ I believe women can do as good a job as men , ” Dr. Geiger explained , “ and I think they will remain in the job longer. ” The duties include : trapping and poisoning rats , conducting autopsies on dead rats , combing rats for fleas , grinding up fleas and inoculating with resulting serum other animals for disease tests .
1918
June 9 : The materialism of the police Courts proved too much for things spiritual last week when Police Judge Oppenheim 's gavel outrapped the visitors from the spirit world and the combined mental concentration of the eleven fortune tellers , arraigned before him , failed to penetrate the Judge 's mind with a single ray of “ higher intelligence. ” Two more of the eleven were found guilty yesterday and Judge Oppenheim announced they would try the three remaining cases and pronounce judgment on all next Tuesday morning at the “ mystic hour ” of 10 o'clock .
Captain John O'Meara , chief of the police Neutrality Squad , said yesterday the police crusade against the clairvoyants who were capitalizing on the war by preying upon the fears of the soldiers ' women relatives would continue until they were out of business . A dozen or more places raided yesterday were found to be closed , with signs removed and shades drawn . The police learned that the local headquarters of the Spiritual Association had sent out notices advising its members to discontinue séances until the court cases were disposed of . Hearing this , Captain O'Meara said that , while they did not pose as a clairvoyant , they could look further into the future than that , and , if consulted , without going into a trance , inform all concerned that there would be no more fortune telling in San Francisco until after the Kaiser was beaten .
Johnny Miller is a freelance writer .
New Delhi : It was almost eight years ago when Bollywood 's IT couple Abhishek Bachchan and wife Aishwarya Rai Bachchan shared screen space together in Mani Ratnam 's 'Raavan ' . And since then , the couple has n't appeared together on the big screen .
Recently , there was buzz that the duo has been approached by a filmmaker with a script and that they had given their nod to it . And just when it appeared that the real-life couple will be seen together in a movie , their union has been put on hold .
A Bollywoodlife.com report claimed , `` Abhishek-Aishwarya were in talks for a film with Shailesh R Singh . While Abhishek was already on board , discussions were on with Aishwarya and their team for the same . But the movie has supposedly been put on the back burner . In fact , the project has been pushed ahead indefinitely . ''
The report added that both Abhishek and Aishwarya were supposed to play top cops who are married to each other and their relationship gets stuck in political crisis .
As per sources , Aishwarya , who is otherwise known to be choosy about their scripts , wanted few alterations in the script , which did not take place . In the meantime , they took up another project and Abhishek too walked out of the project .
`` There were budget issues also with the project , '' the source told the website .
In the past , Aishwarya and Abhishek were seen together in movies like 'Dhai Akshar Prem Ke ' , 'Kuch Naa Kaho ' , 'Umrao Jaan ' , 'Dhoom 2 ' , 'Guru ' and 'Paa ' . In 'Bunty Aur Babli ' , which featured Abhishek , Amitabh Bachchan and Rani Mukerji in key roles , it was Aishwarya ' special number 'Kajra Re ' that became a chartbuster track for the longest time . It is also said that love sparks had ignited between Abhishek and Aishwarya during the shooting of this song , on the sets of 'Bunty Aur Babli ' .
Meanwhile , Abhishek will next be seen in Anurag Kashyap 's directorial 'Manmarziyan ' which is directed by Aanand L. Rai . The film also features Taapsee Pannu and Vicky Kaushal .
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to the vet earlier this month after ingesting water into their lungs .
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to the vet earlier this month after ingesting water into their lungs . Contributed
A DOG , who has 14,000 followers on social media network Instagram , has had life-saving surgery , partly funded by a huge fundraising effort on GoFundMe .
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to Toowoomba Family Vets earlier this month after severely hyperventilating from ingesting water into their lungs .
They started coughing up blood and had to be placed on an oxygen machine . Mr K , as they are known on social media , also had to have 400ml of fluid removed from their lungs .
Kenny 's owner , Rebekah Van Den Bergh wrote on their Facebook page called Royal Bullies they were preparing to say goodbye to the pet .
`` We were going up to the vets to say goodbye to Kenny as we had no way of raising ( the money ) they needed , '' Ms Van Den Bergh said .
They said a family friend stepped in and started the GoFundMe page .
`` They got some very , very sad news about a very close family member passing away and despite their world-shaking they have been a rock to us so they deserve so much love , '' Ms Van Den Bergh wrote .
The GoFundMe page has so far raised $ 4830 , going towards a total medical bill of about $ 12,000 .
Donations for the pooch rolled in from all around the world , including from people in the United States .
`` To each and everyone all over the world who ( has ) had Mr K in their heart , the beautiful messages , the many prayers and generous donations , to you we will be forever thankful , '' Ms Van Den Bergh wrote on Instagram .
`` If it had not of been for everyone 's love and support and generosity , Mr K would n't be here today . ''
Ms Van Den Bergh said Kenny still required 24-hour care but was doing better .
They are currently breathing on their own , but has to use a tracheotomy to help with breathing .
MANCHESTER , N.H. ( AP ) — Embracing the tough penalties favored by global strongmen , President Donald Trump on Monday brandished the death penalty as a fitting punishment for drug traffickers fueling the opioid epidemic .
The scourge has torn through the rural and working-class communities that in large numbers voted for Trump . And the president , though they have come under criticism for being slow to unveil their plan , has seized on harsh sentences as key to stopping the plague .
“ Toughness is the thing that they most fear , ” Trump said .
The president made their announcement in New Hampshire , a state hit hard by opioids and an early marker for the re-election campaign they have already announced . Trump called for broadening education and awareness about drug addiction while expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts . But the backbone of their plan is to toughen punishments for those caught trafficking highly addictive drugs .
“ This is n't about nice anymore , ” Trump said . “ This is about winning a very , very tough problem and if we do n't get very tough on these dealers it 's not going to happen folks . … I want to win this battle . ”
The president formalized what they had long mused about : that if a person in the U.S. can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person , a similar punishment should be given to a drug dealer whose product potentially kills thousands .
Trump has long spoken approvingly about countries like Singapore that harshly punish dealers . During a trip to Asia last fall , they did not publicly rebuke Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte , who authorized extrajudicial killings of drug dealers .
Outside a local firehouse that Trump visited before Monday 's speech , someone compared the two leaders with a sign that said : “ Donald J. Duterte . ”
“ Drug traffickers kill so many thousands of our citizens every year , ” Trump said . “ That 's why my Department of Justice will be seeking so many tougher penalties than we 've ever had and we 'll be focusing on the penalties that I talked about previously for big pushers , the ones that are killing so many people , and that penalty is going to be the death penalty . ”
They added : “ Other countries do n't play games … But the ultimate penalty has to be the death penalty . ”
The Justice Department said the federal death penalty is available for limited drug-related offenses , including violations of the “ drug kingpin ” provisions in federal law .
It is not clear if the death penalty , even for traffickers whose product causes multiple deaths , would be constitutional . Doug Berman , a law professor at Ohio State University , predicted the issue would go all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court .
John Blume , a professor and director of Cornell Law School 's death penalty program , said the federal drug kingpin law has yielded few “ kingpins ” or major dealers , mostly ensnaring mid- to low-level minorities involved in the drug trade .
The president 's plan drew criticism from some Democrats , including Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , who said “ we ca n't arrest our way out of the opioid epidemic ” and noted that “ the war on drugs did n't work in the '80s . ”
Opioids , including prescription opioids , heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl , killed more than 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016 , more than any other year on record , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Much of what Trump highlighted Monday was largely repackaged ideas he 's already endorsed .
They called for a nationwide public awareness campaign , which they announced in the fall , including broadcasting “ great commercials ” to scare kids away from dabbling in drugs . They announced a new website , http : //www.crisisnextdoor.gov , where members of the public can share stories about the dangers of opioid addiction .
Trump said the administration will work to cut the number of opioid prescriptions that are filled by one-third within three years .
The president also discussed how their policies , including building a U.S.-Mexico border wall and punishing “ sanctuary ” cities that refuse to comply with federal immigration authorities , will help reduce the flow of drugs .
Monday was Trump 's first visit as president to New Hampshire , which has long occupied a special place in their political rise . They captured their first Republican presidential primary here in 2016 , though they narrowly lost in the general election to Democrat Hillary Clinton .
Trump drew criticism last year after leaked transcripts of a telephone conversation with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto showed they had described New Hampshire as a “ drug-infested den. ” The Washington Post published the transcripts .
Though the 2020 election is more than 30 months away , early jockeying already is happening in states that play an outsized early role in choosing a party 's nominee . Retiring Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Ariz. , a persistent Trump critic , visited New Hampshire , which holds the nation 's first presidential primary , last week . They told Republicans someone needs to stop Trump — and it could be them if no one steps up .
Meanwhile , the president 's daughter , White House senior adviser Ivanka Trump , spent Monday discussing infrastructure and workplace development in Iowa , which traditionally holds the first presidential nominating caucus .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Authorities are looking at new ways to track bacteria by testing wastewater . ( Image : Hawaii News Now/file )
Researchers based in Hawaii may be close to finding and tracing outbreaks of harmful bacteria , like salmonella , more efficiently .
A study , which was conducted by the University of Hawaii and the state Department of Health , says bacterial information collected while surveying a community 's wastewater matches data collected by state health laboratories . Some think the monitoring of wastewater would be an improvement over current tracking methods .
“ When we are trying to monitor the infectious diseases in a community , it is predominantly done by a clinical approach , ” said UH Professor Tao Yan , who is an author of the study .
Yan says the current method of tracking bacteria outbreaks `` takes a while . '' They say patients first need to report to their doctor , then the doctor needs to take a sample , and once that sample is analyzed it needs to be reported to the Department of Health .
The professor says it sometimes takes months to get disease outbreak information .
“ When you have an infectious disease outbreak you need to know right away so you can implement counter measures , ” Yan said .
Researchers started by monitoring salmonella in wastewater at community treatment plants . When the data was compared with those from the Hawaii Department of Health , a correlation was found between the concentration of the water and the cases of salmonella reported to the department .
“ If we can collect information from those treatment plants , then we would have a way to find those disease outbreaks in near real time , ” Yan said .
They believe that one day , the process can be used to monitor other pathogens and even antibiotic resistance .
Yan says the study proves wastewater monitoring is feasible , but there is a long way to go before anything can be implemented , citing technological and infrastructure challenges .
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now . All rights reserved .
Former Texas Longhorns center Mo Bamba , who stands 6-foot-11 with a 7-foot , 10-inch wingspan , is expected to select early in the 2018 NBA Draft next month . Gregory Payan AP
PERTH , Australia ( AP ) — Roger Federer returned from six months on the sidelines because of a knee injury to beat Dan Evans 6-3 , 6-4 on Monday and give Switzerland a 1-0 lead over Britain at the Hopman Cup mixed teams tournament .
The 17-time major winner missed the French Open last year , ending a run of 65 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments , and had n't played competitively since re-injuring their surgically repaired left knee at Wimbledon . But they showed no signs of rust in their 61-minute win over Evans .
“ I 'd like to live it again . I 'm a little bit sad it 's over , because it was so nice out there , ” Federer said of their return . “ I was actually quite emotional . When I walked down , I was like , ‘ Oh my God , this is better than I thought it would be . ' ”
The 35-year-old Federer said it was the kind of feeling they missed the most while they were sidelined .
Advertisement
“ I thought for a first match it was great , because my expectations were obviously quite low . ”
Belinda Benic was playing Heather Watson later Monday , aiming to give Switzerland an unbeatable lead ahead of the mixed doubles match .
France beat Germany 2-1 in the earlier Group A match , with Richard Gasquet defeating Alexander Zverev 7-5 , 6-3 and combining with Kristina Mladenovic to win the deciding mixed doubles , which is being played in the Fast4 format , 4-2 , 4-1 . Andrea Petkovic had earlier beaten Mladenovic 6-2 , 6-1 in the women 's singles .
11:21 by Staff Reporter Have your say : Response to the statement by President Mugabe
Gaborone : The Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation wishes to respond to the recent media reports in which Their Excellency , Mr. Robert G. Mugabe , President of the Republic of Zimbabwe blamed the loss of the candidature bid of Botswana 's Foreign Minister , Dr. Pelonomi Venson-Moitoi for the position of the Chairperson of the African Union Commission , on the lack of support by Their Excellency , Lieutenant General Dr. Seretse Khama Ian Khama , President of the Republic of Botswana .
Two Canadians are among 18 people killed in a suspected extremist attack on a popular restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso , Ouagadougou , Canada 's Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland confirmed Monday .
“ My heartfelt condolences , the heartfelt condolences of our government go out to the loved ones of those targeted and the victims of this tragic attack , ” Freeland said at a press conference on Monday .
The identities of the Canadians killed in the attack were not disclosed . Freeland said they did n't have any further details to share on the tragedy “ out of respect for the next of kin . ”
Burkinabe authorities say other foreigners killed in the Sunday evening attack on the Aziz Istanbul cafe , which is popular with expatriates , include two Kuwaitis and one person each from France , Senegal , Nigeria , Lebanon and Turkey .
A wounded restaurant customer speaks following an attack by gunmen on a restaurant in Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso , in this still frame taken from video August 13 , 2017 . © Reuters TV
Seven Burkina Faso citizens were also killed and authorities said three other victims had not yet been identified .
The assailants arrived at the restaurant on motorcycles and then began shooting randomly at the crowds dining Sunday evening .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence , which continued into the early hours Monday .
Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began .
President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré condemned the “ cowardly terror attack ” , saying the people of Burkina Faso would not give in to terrorism .
A jihadist attack on a nearby luxury hotel in January of last year killed 30 people , including six Canadians .
The three attackers in the 2016 massacre were of foreign origin , according to al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , which claimed responsibility in the aftermath along with the jihadist group known as Al Mourabitoun . But the terror threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly homegrown , experts say .
The northern border region is now the home of a local preacher , Ibrahim Malam Dicko , who radicalized and has claimed recent deadly attacks against troops and civilians . Their association , Ansarul Islam , is now considered a terrorist group by Burkina Faso 's government .
With files from The Associated Press
× Expand Roanoke Marshes lighthouse ( Photo by Melody E. Leckie )
When my brother and sister-in-law moved to Manteo , North Carolina , years ago , it opened up a new vacation destination for my family . We 'd been to the Outer Banks plenty of times , but we 'd never ventured across the causeway to Manteo . We did n't know what we were missing .
Manteo is a throwback to a gentler time , oozing with the same charm as Mayberry on “ The Andy Griffith Show. ” Interestingly , Griffith settled in Manteo and was often seen in local restaurants . They lived there until their death in 2012 .
On the Waterfront
Manteo 's historic downtown waterfront district beckons you to stroll at a leisurely pace . Its narrow streets are sprinkled with a variety of shops and restaurants , everything from Downtown Books , a bookstore with a resident feline , to the Dare County Arts Council . The juried gallery features paintings , mixed media , jewelry , pottery and photography , mostly crafted by local and North Carolina artists . While you 're perusing the art , check out the Roosevelt chair . It 's the one President Franklin D. Roosevelt settled into when they visited Manteo in the 1930s .
You may want to venture up Budleigh Street to catch a tour of Outer Banks Distilling , the maker of Kill Devil Rum . A little over 2 years old , the company renovated a 1940s furniture store , turning it into a distillery and an attractive tasting room .
Tours run year-round Tuesday through Saturday and last about an hour . Owners try to keep the maximum number of people in each tour to 30 . In the summer , tours are held at 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. each day . The rest of the year , the distillery runs one tour , at 1 p.m. Tuesday through Friday , and two tours on Saturday .
The tours start with a talk about the four owners and a history of rum in the Outer Banks . It advances to the distilling process and then back to the tasting room for samples of the distillery 's three products — silver rum ( unaged white rum ) , pecan-honey rum made from pecans and local honey , and barrel-aged gold rum , which is aged in 4- to 6-year-old bourbon barrels for at least 18 months .
If you 're lucky , you can score a rum ball or pecans that are soaked in rum before being dried and candied .
Before leaving the waterfront , head to the east end and walk the long wooden pier to the Roanoke Marshes lighthouse . Smaller than most lighthouses , it 's a popular location for photographers eager to catch a sunrise or sunset over the water .
The 27-acre Roanoke Island Festival Park is at the other end of the waterfront , across a walking bridge . Features include the Elizabeth II , which represents a vessel from the second English voyage to Roanoke in 1585 , complete with costumed 16th-century sailors .
You can also examine coastal Algonquian culture in American Indian Town at the park , learn about the history of Manteo at the Roanoke Adventure Museum and talk with costumed interpreters at the settlement site .
Attractions
The North Carolina Aquarium on Roanoke Island is a short drive from the waterfront . Straddling the edge of the Croatan Sound , the aquarium explores life on the water via everything from a shipwreck to a cinematic experience featuring a replica of the USS Monitor .
× Expand Sea Turtle Assistance and Rehabilitation Center ( Photo by Melody E. Leckie )
While you 're there , do n't miss the Sea Turtle Assistance and Rehabilitation ( STAR ) Center . The working hospital is home to rescued turtles that are sick or injured . Visitors can talk with volunteers and staff on site to learn how they are rehabilitating each turtle .
The Elizabethan Gardens , adjacent to the Fort Raleigh National Historic Site and the Waterside Theatre , where “ The Lost Colony ” play is performed , are near the aquarium . The gardens contain over 500 different species of plants .
Dining
Manteo offers a solid selection of eating options . The Hungry Pelican on Budleigh Street serves up everything from house-made soups and sandwiches to cookies and cakes .
Ortega ' z Grill brings Southwestern flair , with street tacos , soups , sandwiches and entrées such as sizzling fajitas , a ribeye steak and crab cakes . The grill was featured on Food Network 's “ Diners , Drive-Ins and Dives . ”
For breakfast , we usually head over the causeway to The Dunes Restaurant . I 'm a sucker for the waffles , but the popular eatery — in the summer it 's crucial to be there when it opens around 7 a.m. to avoid long lines — offers a variety of menu items as well as a buffet .
The Great Gut ( 252-473-2479 ) , on the marshes in Wanchese , is a local lunch favorite , and it 's just a short drive from Manteo . This small shanty serves up the tastiest and freshest tuna salad and deli sandwiches I 've ever eaten .
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
MIAMI ( AP ) — The Latest on a Florida university campus reopening after a fatal bridge collapse ( all times local ) :
2:30 p.m .
The first lawsuit has been filed against the companies involved in the design and building of the bridge that collapsed at Florida International University .
The lawsuit was filed Monday in Miami-Dade Circuit Court on behalf of Marquise Rashaad Hepburn . They were seriously injured as they rode a bicycle under the bridge as it collapsed last week . The lawsuit says a car swerving to avoid the falling concrete struck Hepburn .
The negligence lawsuit seeks unspecified damages from the entities involved in building the bridge . They include Munilla Construction Management and FIGG Bridge Engineers . Both companies say they will cooperate with multiple investigations into the collapse that killed six people .
The lawsuit says cracks in the span should have been taken seriously and traffic should have been diverted during any testing .
Related Content : Florida campus opens days after 6 dice in bridge collapse
___
2:20 p.m .
Florida International University President Mark Rosenberg joined students and staff to hold hands and bow their heads for a moment of silence at 1:47 p.m. Monday to honor the victims of a bridge collapse that killed six people .
The moment of silence was the first in a series of memorials as classes resumed on campus after the university 's spring break .
In a statement , Rosenberg said a blood drive was scheduled Tuesday to support wounded victims who remain hospitalized .
The Student Government Association will hold a vigil Wednesday morning for Alexa Duran , an FIU student killed when the bridge collapsed on their car . Duran 's sorority will hold a memorial for their Thursday evening .
Students returning to class said they were angry that traffic continued under the bridge while testing continued on the 950-ton structure .
Related Content : All 6 victims of Miami bridge collapse identified
___
7:30 a.m .
Students returning from spring break to Florida International University will hold a moment of silence to honor the six people killed in the collapse of a pedestrian bridge that was supposed to be a campus showcase .
The Miami university will hold this ceremony at 1:47 p.m. Monday , the same time the bridge fell on Thursday , as the first step in healing the community .
Also Monday , lawyers in Orlando plan to announce the filing of the first lawsuit over the bridge collapse , which crushed cars under tons of concrete .
Officials said 8th Street remains closed as an investigation into the collapse continues .
A vigil for the victims also is planned for Wednesday .
With the Islanders ' season over , a very important offseason for the team has begun . We 're going to look at the current roster , how it performed this past season and where the team is headed .
Today 's first look is at the Isles ' goaltenders — safe to say , a position that was a complete mess from start to finish in 2016-17 .
Season in review
General manager Garth Snow 's decision to keep three goaltenders — Jaroslav Halak , Thomas Greiss and J-F Berube — on the roster from the start of the season did not set the year off right . None of the three played particularly well when given the opportunity ; Jack Capuano may have sealed their fate as coach by starting Halak seven straight games in November after Allan Walsh , Halak 's and Berube 's agent , sounded off on Twitter about the ridiculousness of carrying three goaltenders .
The Islanders went 1-4-2 in those seven games , with Halak allowing the tying goal in the final minute of two of them . The Isles went on to lose both , handing away two points that could have made the difference at the end .
Snow had this to say when asked if they regretted how they handled the goaltender situation the first three months of the year : “ No , not really . I thought our goaltending struggled the first 10 weeks of the season . We had an injury in Bridgeport with Christopher Gibson , who missed almost the whole season . We only had three NHL-ready goaltenders . There was a fear if we put J-F on waivers , we were confident they would 've been picked up . We would 've been left with Jaro and Thomas Greiss and two very young goaltenders . That injury figured into some of our decision making . Sometimes people do n't realize injuries at the AHL level impact decisions up here . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Of course , Gibson was healthy the first month of the AHL season , so there was n't that concern right away .
Halak ended up being the odd man out , waived and sent to Bridgeport on Dec. 31 . But , surprise ! They thrived in the AHL , steadying their game and tuning out the noise and frustration they had at the NHL level . Meanwhile , Greiss had several solid starts in January and earned themselves a three-year , $ 10-million extension , and Berube decently spotted in as a backup .
However , Doug Weight heavily leaned on Greiss as the schedule condensed in February and early March as Berube started to show signs of inexperience and rust having played so sparingly over two seasons . Greiss started 13 straight games at one point and they showed some fatigue . Halak was called back up on March 24 , won all six games they started and nearly carried their team to the playoffs .
They also made Isles fans see red at Snow for not calling Halak up sooner as Berube stumbled and Greiss wore down . It was a weird , weird year in goal for the Islanders .
By the numbers
( win-loss record , save percentage , even-strength save percentage , goals-against average and high , mid and low-danger save percentage as defined by the website Corsica Hockey )
Thomas Greiss : 26-18-5 , .913 SV % , .920 EVSV % 2.69 GAA , .819 HDSV % , .927 MDSV % , .983 LDSV %
Jaro Halak : 12-9-5 , .915 SV % , .916 EVSV % , 2.80 GAA , .811 HDSV % , .938 MDSV % , .968 LDSV %
J-F Berube : 3-2-2 , .889 SV % , .896 EVSV % , 3.42 GAA , .725 HDSV % , .912 MDSV % , .961 LDSV %
Compared to 2015-16 , all three goaltenders did not perform as well . So Snow is right that the goaltending , which was a surprising area of strength the year prior despite Halak 's injuries and Greiss ' inexperience , struggled this season .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Seeing Greiss ' numbers down all the way across the board — their even-strength save percentage went from .933 in 2015-16 , tied for fifth in the NHL , to .920 , tied for 21st — is either an ominous signpost for a goaltender with three more years on their deal or a sign that the overuse the final two months of the season is not beneficial .
Halak 's numbers — a small dip in EVSV % from .919 a year ago to .916 this year , obviously with fewer starts — were relatively consistent after all the shenanigans . They are as intense as Greiss is easy-going , and it 's hard not to conclude that Halak 's slow start , even after such a terrific run in September 's World Cup , came from their dissatisfaction with the three goaltenders .
As for Berube , just 13 starts in two seasons makes it difficult to read into their numbers , other than clearly seeing they were subpar this season . At age 25 , they may not be ready to be solely a backup ; they may not be an NHL goaltender , or they may be a superstar . Impossible to really know after these last two seasons .
What 's next
Here 's what Halak said on breakup day : “ It 's been a lot of ups and downs obviously . I think it was kind of weird , first half of the season . Then being down , playing a lot of games , it was fun to play games again and keep winning . Coming back here , I enjoyed it — it 's a great group of guys here . It was a great run at the end and we came up a little short . It 's disappointing because you set a goal before the season , you obviously want to make the playoffs . We did n't accomplish that goal , every time you come up short , it 's tough .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“ I love the guys over here . I love to play here . If that 's the case I 'm committed to be 100 percent ready and work hard . If it 's somewhere else , that 's not up to me . Wherever I am , if I 'm here , I 'll try to do my best here . ”
Halak has one year left on their contract at a $ 4.5 million cap hit . They will almost certainly be the goaltender left unprotected in the expansion draft and it 's equally likely they wo n't be claimed .
Berube will be a Group 6 free agent , as they are 25 and did not play 28 games this season . They appear ready to move on . “ I 'm a UFA so I need to go out and see what 's available , what 's the best fit for me , ” they said . “ I love the group here , I loved my experience outside of the games . This is a really good group and I was happy to be part of it . We 'll see what 's out there .
“ It 's a little early to make a decision and say which way I would go . I 'm more than willing to come back if I have a bigger role on the team . I 've done this for two years and I ca n't do it for a third , it would really hurt my development . It 's a big summer to go back to basics and try to move my game forward as much as I can . ”
The Islanders do have an impressive prospect pool when it comes to goaltenders . Gibson clearly had a setback year , playing only seven games , but they were called up late in 2014-15 and showed some promise . Draft picks Eamon McAdam and Stephon Williams have had time in Bridgeport and the ECHL , and McAdam had a decent first pro season with a 15-8-0 record and .897 save percentage .
Over in Europe is where the Isles are most excited about goaltending . Ilya Sorokin , the 21-year-old who was the Isles ' third-round pick in 2014 , had another stellar season for CSKA Moscow in the KHL — a .929 save percentage and 1.61 goals-against average in 39 games .
But the recent NHL decision to skip the next Olympics may have a trickle-down effect on the Isles ' efforts to get Sorokin to the States for next season . With no NHLers permitted to go to the 2018 Games as of now , the Russian stable of goaltenders is thin , and Sorokin may figure in the national team 's Olympic plans . That makes it far less likely he 'd be allowed to leave their home country and league .
Linus Soderstrom , the Isles ' fourth-round pick in 2014 , burst onto the scene this season in the Swedish League , leading HV71 to the league championship series that began on Sunday . The Islanders are likely to sign them but leave them in Sweden rather than bring them over to the AHL , depending on what happens with their other goaltenders here .
With the uncertainty surrounding Sorokin , it would not at all be a surprise for the Islanders to open training camp in September with Greiss and Halak as their goaltenders . Both have shown the ability to play well for long stretches but health and fatigue are factors . Can they be co-No . 1 goaltenders ?
Sure , as long as there 's no third wheel around .
Charleston is such a foodie town that chefs are hiding in plain sight , out of the James Beard limelight , but still very much creating amazing food . This series profiles Charleston 's `` hidden chefs . ''
Analisa LaPietra had a double degree from Penn State — anthropology and psychology — and they were headed for grad school when they got a restaurant job in Cambridge , Mass . They decided that their love of eating and cooking would be more fun to pursue than grad school and enrolled in the Culinary Institute of America ( CIA ) in New York . An accelerated course allowed them to skip over the `` basic stuff '' like how to hold a knife , they say , and then they worked at the now-closed Arielle in Rhinebeck , NY helping with both the restaurant and events . They also served as a personal chef in New York ( `` a job I loved , loved , loved , '' they say ) and at Primo in Maine under two-time James Beard award winner Melissa Kelly , as well as ZoZo 's in the Virgin Islands . When friend Greg Garrison from CIA became executive chef at Prohibition , they heckled La Pietra until they agreed to be their sous chef in April 2016 .
Favorite kitchen tool or gadget : My little pocket knife . I always have a pen , a Sharpie , and a little pocket knife and it always comes in handy for anything from breaking down boxes to cutting the tops of wine bottles ( for cooking of course ... )
Three things always in my refrigerator : Cheese , pickles , a million different condiments . I rarely eat at home , so I have little fresh food because I 'm at Prohibition all the time .
click to enlarge Provided
Lapietra met Prohibition 's chef Greg Garrison in school at the Culinary institute of America
Three things always in my pantry : Many bottles of Crystal Hot Sauce , a bunch of different salts . I like salt a lot . And really good olive oil ; it makes everything taste better .
Favorite after-work hangout : Luckily , I live around the corner . I go by HoM and I tend to spend a lot of time there . It 's like an oasis . It 's not overcrowded with college students and drunk people and the bartenders are friends .
Favorite Charleston restaurant other than yours : Xiao Bao Biscuit . I live way too close to that to be good for my budget or my health . And Artisan Meat Share . I love good charcuterie .
Favorite comfort food : Pasta , hands down . It 's simple , with garlic , chili flakes , ricotta cheese if I 've been to the grocery store lately , and bread crumbs .
Favorite smell : My grandparents had a garden and it always had fresh basil . It was a nice smell . Also , when I moved here , the Confederate Jasmine flowers were blooming . It was magical .
Favorite drink : Gin and tonic — two of them at least .
ADVERTISEMENT
Number of hours you work a week : 50-60
Customer pet peeve : Luckily , I do n't have to interact with people , except the ones in the kitchen . I hate when they say , `` What 's the best thing on the menu ? '' It 's kind of a pointless question . How can you answer that ?
Most under-rated ingredient : Butter . In general , it 's gotten a bad rap in the public eye . But the reason restaurant food tastes so good is we use real butter , nothing imitation or light .
Favorite meal to cook at home : Pasta . It 's quick , easy , and there are a million different variations you can do .
Best advice a mentor gave you : My father used to say , `` If you 're going to do something , do it right or do n't do it at all . '' I think about that a lot at work and all the time . If I see a piece of trash on the ground , I ca n't just walk by and not do something about it .
Prohibition is at 547 King St. and is open Mon . to Thurs. , 4 p.m. – 2 a.m. , Friday , 12 p.m. – 2 a.m. , Saturday , 11 a.m. – 2 a.m. , and Sunday , 10 a.m. – 2 a.m .
The South West Phoenix conceded five-second half goals and were handed three red cards in a tough 6-3 loss to reigning champions the Western Knights at WML Stadium on Saturday .
With imports Gabriele Mascazzini and Nicola Gazzola coming into the side , the Phoenix looked as if they could challenge one of the competition 's best teams .
But some controversial calls and loss of concentration at crucial times cost the home side , as they conceded six goals in a game for the first time this season .
Jayden Prosser scored two goals for the home side in a great performance , while Jack Eades found the back of the net , to make sure the Phoenix were not blown away by their opposition .
Phoenix coach Tony Novello said the weather had a big impact on the game .
“ In the first half we were up against the wind , but we managed to get two-nil up , ” they said . But the course of the game changed when Mascazzini received a controversial red card , putting the Phoenix down to 10-men .
Despite all this the Phoenix when into half-time with a 2-1 lead and added to that soon after the break thanks to Eades ' goal .
The Phoenix missed an easy chance to take a 4-1 lead , with a shot from Prosser being saved on the line by a Knights ' defender .
After the Knights scored their second goal , captain Michael Farmer received the team 's second red card of the game , leaving the home side down to just nine men .
Besides being two men down , the Phoenix defended staunchly for 20 minutes , before the Knights got the equaliser , which was followed by a third red card to the Phoenix .
From here the Knights went on a scoring spree , scoring three more goals before the final whistle .
This weekend the Phoenix travel to the Croatian Sporting Complex to battle Gwelup Croatia Soccer Club from 3pm .
Meanwhile , the Firebirds grabbed their biggest win of the season , with Eleanor Coventry scoring seven goals in their side 's 12-0 victory over Gosnells City on Sunday . Courtney Butlion also contributed heavily to the win , scoring four goals , while Lucy Scott also got onto the scoresheet .
© Ashley Ricard
© Ashley Ricard
© Ashley Ricard
© Ashley Ricard
© Ashley Ricard
© Ashley Ricard
© Ashley Ricard
Canada 's New Brunswick province was slammed this month by a triple trio of nor'easters , and photos emerging from the area have been incredible.More than 5,500 residents in the province found themselves without power Wednesday after the third nor'easter , Winter Storm Skylar , targeted eastern Canada and dumped more than a foot of snow on parts of the region , according to the Canada Broadcast Corporation.Like many in the northeastern United States , residents in Canada are as eager as their southern neighbors for spring to arrive after these back-to-back storms . However , a fourth nor'easter in 14 days now looks possible.Ashely Ricard captured these stunning photos of their Bathurst neighborhood as they attempted to dig out from the snow .
Gary Harris made the winning 3-pointer at the buzzer and finished with 25 points to lift the Denver Nuggets to a 127-124 victory over the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday night .
Nikola Jokic added their third triple-double of the season with 29 points , 13 rebounds and 14 assists , including the inbounds pass to Harris with 1.4 seconds remaining . Harris grabbed the ball and put it up for the win before running off the court , their hand held high in celebration .
Jamal Murray had 33 points to lead the Nuggets , who had lost their previous two games by a total of three points when they missed last-second shots .
Paul George had a season-high 43 points to lead the Thunder . Westbrook had 21 assists , one shy of their career high , to go with 20 points and nine rebounds .
Trailing by 15 at the half , the Thunder pulled within nine points at 76-67 on a jumper by George , but the Nuggets put together a 12-5 burst that included 3-pointers by Harris and Murray to go back in front by 15 points . They held a 104-89 lead into the fourth quarter .
The Thunder narrowed the deficit to six on a driving layup by George with 4:40 remaining . Moments later , Westbrook hit a 3-pointer to pull Oklahoma City within four at 118-114 with 1:44 remaining . Murray responded with a layup before Westbrook hit another 3-pointer to make it a three-point game . Their driving layup with 28.9 seconds pulled the Thunder to within a point .
Jokic made a pair of free throws with 5.6 seconds left , but George then hit a 3-pointer with 1.4 seconds left to tie it -- the first in a game that the Nuggets had led by as many as 20 earlier in the game .
The Nuggets ran up their second-highest first-half point total of the season in taking a 72-57 lead , with Murray scoring 18 of their points in that span , including four of their 3-pointers .
TIP-INS
Thunder : G Andre Roberson , who played collegiately at Colorado , will miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery to repair a ruptured left patellar tendon . ... The 72 first-half points by the Nuggets were the most by an opposing team this season . ... G Terrance Ferguson , limited to just over 4 minutes of play , was slowed by a stomach illness .
Nuggets : F Mason Plumlee missed a second straight game with a strained right calf . ... The 40 first-quarter points represented a season high . ... Denver lost its previous two games by a total of three points .
UP NEXT
Thunder : return home to host New Orleans on Friday night .
Nuggets : host the defending NBA champion Golden State Warriors on Saturday night .
Newly minted Pulitzer Prize-winner Kendrick Lamar 's victory lap , which kicked off this year 's concert season at Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater Wednesday night , did not disappoint .
It took a while for things to get going , between the foggy , misty night and news that Grammy-nominated SZA would not appear . The singer tweeted , then later deleted , that they “ permanently injured ” their voice after their set at Madison Square Garden Tuesday night , requesting space as they struggle with the vocal issues that forced them from the tour .
However , there is a reason why Lamar , 30 , is rap 's reigning king and that this is Top Dawg Entertainment 's “ Championship Tour , ” complete with mascots , hype men dressed as referees and banners touting the accomplishments of Lamar and the Top Dawg crew . And as soon as they took the stage , they showed why with a set that spanned their impressive career , opening with songs from “ Damn. , ” the first hip-hop album ever to win the Pulitzer Prize for what judges called “ capturing the complexity of modern African-American life . ”
Lamar arrived at Jones Beach following the luncheon at Columbia University Wednesday , where they officially received the award and did n't waste any time celebrating as they performed in front of a background with “ Pulitzer Kenny ” scrawled on it .
But Lamar is always moving forward , already releasing the chart-topping soundtrack to “ Black Panther ” earlier this year .
They tweaked some of their older tracks , with the great “ King Kunta , ” turning into an all-out funk jam thanks to their four-piece band that worked chants of “ We want the funk ! ” into it .
In songs like “ LOYALTY. , ” where their collaborator Rihanna was n't available , the crowd was more than happy to sing the hook in their place .
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
The early acts , including R & B singers SiR and Lance Skiiiwalker , got a sports announcer to introduce them and virtual basketball cards projected on the screens . After all , the tour is meant to use Lamar 's success to help introduce the label 's other acts .
ScHoolboy Q did n't need that help , though . Their set was stacked with familiar hits , closing with “ Man of the Year , ” which made the most of the powerful five-piece band that backed him .
And of course , Ab-Soul would be remembered , not just because they were carrying a crossbow and a quiver of arrows , but because their fiery set included memorable rhymes like “ Huey Knew THEN. ” Jay Rock got the crowd going , especially with their new single “ Win ” from their forthcoming album “ Redemption ” out on June 15 .
Nairobi - Kenya 's public prosecutor said on Wednesday 24 civil servants and business people charged a day earlier with involvement in the theft of nearly $ 100 million of public funds would stay in custody until June 4 , when they will have a bail hearing .
The suspects , who included the public service ministry 's principal secretary , pleaded not guilty on Tuesday to magistrate Douglas Ogoti to charges that relate to stealing at the government 's National Youth Service ( NYS ) .‏
`` Accused to be remanded in custody until Monday 4th June , 2018 when court will rule on their bail application , '' the office of the director of public prosecution said on Twitter .
The NYS is a state agency that trains young people and deploys them to work on projects ranging from construction to traffic control .
Read more : Kenyan investigators to question scores over 'massive theft '
It is rare for prosecutors to bring such a large group of public officials to court to answer corruption charges .
President Uhuru Kenyatta pledged to stamp out graft when they were first elected in 2013 but critics say they have been slow to pursue top officials and ministers .
The chief prosecutor Noordin Mohamed Haji on Monday named 54 people , 40 of them government officials , to face charges on counts including abuse of office and conspiracy to commit an economic crime . Some of those charged remained at large .
The prosecutor 's office added on Twitter it had applied for arrest warrants for suspects who failed to turn up in court on Tuesday , or that they could surrender to the police .
Reuters
Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom has recognised Corled Nkosi , a Malawian as the Commonwealth Point of Light in honour of their exceptional voluntary service—building a hydroelectric power plant to supply electricity…
The post Queen honours Malawian Corled Nkosi self-made engineer behind Kasangazi power plant : Commonwealth Points of Light award appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi .
Source link
Wainfleet 's participation in mutual aid response will be discussed during a presentation by Ontario 's Office of the Fire Marshal at council Tuesday .
The presentation will outline what the township and its fire service have to do to obtain compliance with the minimum conditions for participation in the province 's mutual aid program . Mutual aid is when a municipality requests or provides aid to another municipality during an emergency situation , whether it be a fire or something else .
A letter provided to council outlines a number of concerns in relation to Wainfleet Fire and Emergency Services and action items and timelines to address each .
Some of the concerns revolve around lack of incident management and incident command systems . The Fire Marshal 's Office says the items can take care by providing training courses to firefighters .
It says the township can explore training opportunities with neighbouring fire services , even suggesting fire operations training at Fort Erie Fire and Emergency Services ' fire training .
In the letter , it says the township must “ further analyze firefighter staffing at incident scenes with supplementary consideration of the development of initial fire attack teams , rapid intervention teams and fire growth . ”
“ Until such time that staff are trained in rapid intervention teams and fire growth and other firefighter safety principals , the municipality should not conduct any interior operations , unless they have secured agreements , or have fully trained their staff in order to safely perform those operations .
“ If the municipality is currently unable to provide those levels of service due to gaps in required training , than a public information campaign should be delivered to inform the residents that until such time as the training is completed there will be no expected rescue in their jurisdiction/municipality , ” the report says .
Related Coverage Here 's how you can be part of the Gr8 Holiday Give
NEW HAVEN , Conn. ( WTNH ) — As News 8 's Gr8 Holiday Give marches on towards the December 16th deadline , Club Corvette of Connecticut made a big donation to the morning team Monday .
Club members stopped by the News 8 studios with around 175 toys . That 's in addition to 75 car-load fulls of toys they dropped off with State Police last week .
George Macary said that giving back to the community is one of the guiding values of Club Corvette of Connecticut .
Our club philosophy is give back to the community . We love to drive the cars so why ca n't we drive the cars and do something good for the community ? ”
News 8 has a friendly competition going between the morning team and evening team . All of those toys from this morning 's dropoff went under the morning team 's tree .
As of Monday afternoon , the morning team is dominating the toy count ; but there is still time to support either the morning or evening team . All of the toys collected for the Gr8 Holiday Give will be donated to the Boys and Girls Club of Milford as well as Toys for Tots .
The demand in the global market for underwater monitoring system in the oil and gas industry is projected to experience a CAGR of 6.43 % during the forecast period of 2017 to 2025 . The global worth of the underwater monitoring system market in the oil and gas industry is estimated to be worth US $ 1881.3 mn by 2025 , substantially up from its evaluated worth of US $ 680.0 mn in 2016 . The growing need to monitor oil and gas reserves in deep sea explorations , complexities in the operation and maintenance of subsea systems , increase in offshore deepwater and ultra-deepwater explorations , rise in economic viability of deepwater developments , and implementations of strict safety regulations are some of the key factors driving the demand in the global underwater monitoring system in oil and gas market .
Request Sample Report @
https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=S & rep_id=2975
SCADA In-Demand Wireless Sensor Segment
On the basis of subsea sensors , the global underwater monitoring system for oil and gas market is segmented pressure sensor , proximity sensor , temperature sensor , flow sensor rotation sensor , linear displacement gauge , and inclinometers load sensors . Riser technology , pipeline type sensors , and flexible pipe systems are another sub-segments of subsea sensor segment . In 2016 , pressure sensors and riser technology accounted for the most prominent demand-share , which was a reflection of essentiality of the sensors and the technology respectively .
By monitoring systems , the global underwater monitoring system for oil and gas market is bifurcated into acoustic sensors , wireless sensor networks , and satellite radio navigation segments . Acoustic sensor category is further divided into acoustic underwater vehicle ( AUV ) , acoustic doppler current profiler , sonobuoys , and hydrophones . The responsibility of acoustic sensors is to calculate the position , store , and transmit the information obtained from subsea equipment . The sensors are distributed over the submarine infrastructure and subsea pipeline . Wireless sensor segment is also further classified into 3G/GPRS Communication Module , RTU , and SCADA . In 2016 , the SCADA sub-segment contributed 65 % share of wireless sensor segment . By communication method , the market is classified into frequency division multiple access ( FDMA ) , time division multiple access ( TDMA ) , code division multiple access ( CDMA ) , and space division multiple access ( SDMA ) . The FDMA communication method is anticipated to hold more than 35 % market share throughout the forecast period .
Request Brochure @
https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=2975
Asia Pacific Most Lucrative Region
Out of all the major regions studied by the regions for their potential of underwater monitoring system for oil and gas market , Asia Pacific currently serves the maximum demand , followed by The Middle East & Africa and Europe . Due to the massive projects undertaken by world 's large oil and gas companies for exploration and production operations in Myanmar , China , and is likely to fuel the demand for underwater monitoring equipment based applications in Asia Pacific over the forecast period . China is also the key manufacturer and consumer of sub sensor products in Asia Pacific region . The development of the offshore fields in the region with the new discoveries of oil and gas fields in the areas of South China Sea , Australia such as are expected to witness drilling activities .
Underwater monitoring system equipment demand would continue to increase in Asia Pacific region over forecast period . The region Asia Pacific is accounted for more than 24 % share in 2016 . Middle East and Africa , North America and Europe are also developed market for Oil and Gas underwater monitoring equipment market are expected to expand at a moderate pace during the forecast period .
Request Customization @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=CR & rep_id=2975
Some of the most prominent players currently operational in the global underwater monitoring system for oil and gas market are : Schlumberger-OneSubea , Kongsberg Maritime , Teledyne Marine , SONARDYNE , Fugro , Ocean Sonics , DSPComm , KCF Technologies , and Mitcham Industries .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a market intelligence company , providing global business information reports and services . Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants , use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather , and analyze information . Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge .
Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals , chemicals , energy , food & beverages , semiconductors , med-devices , consumer goods and technology . These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels . With wider scope and stratified research methodology , TMR 's syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street , Suite 700
Albany , NY 12207
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
NEW DELHI : The Bharatiya Janta Party ( BJP ) on Saturday released a list of 20 candidates for the ensuing General Election to the 13th Nagaland Legislative Assembly .
As for the Nagaland state assembly , the Naga People 's Front is currently dominating the House .
Nagaland chief electoral officer Abhijit Sinha had earlier said that the final rolls published has 11,89,264 voters , lower than the electorate size of 11,92,377 enumerated in 2013 .
State 's Chief Minister TR Zeliang had met Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and briefed them about the 'desire ' of various civil society organisation and church leaders in Nagaland for a `` Solution before Election '' .
`` The assembly election in Nagaland will be held on schedule , '' Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh had assured him .
Various Naga groups had called for deferring the upcoming assembly elections in order to facilitate a solution to the seven-decade-old Naga insurgency .
Nagaland-based civil society groups have demanded the signing of a final peace accord with the insurgent group NSCN-IM before the assembly elections in the state .
Recently , the Naga Hoho , an apex Naga tribal body , had sought Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's help in postponing the forthcoming Nagaland assembly elections , saying that the vexed insurgency problem should be resolved first .
Reports about the data misuse by Cambridge Analytica have prompted calls from lawmakers for renewed scrutiny of Facebook . Picture : AP Photo/Matt Rourke , File
Washington — Sitting in a hotel bar , Alexander Nix , who runs the political data firm Cambridge Analytica , had a few ideas for a prospective client looking for help in a foreign election . The firm could send an attractive woman to seduce a rival candidate and secretly videotape the encounter , Nix said , or send someone posing as a wealthy land developer to pass a bribe .
“ We have a long history of working behind the scenes , ” Nix said .
The prospective client , though , was actually a reporter from Channel 4 News in Britain , and the encounter was secretly filmed as part of a monthslong investigation into Cambridge Analytica , the data firm with ties to President Donald Trump 's 2016 campaign .
The results of Channel 4 's work were broadcast in Britain on Monday , days after reports in The New York Times and The Observer of London that the firm had harvested data from more than 50 million Facebook profiles in its bid to develop techniques for predicting the behaviour of individual American voters .
The weekend 's reports about the data misuse have prompted calls from lawmakers in Britain and the United States for renewed scrutiny of Facebook , and at least two American state prosecutors have said they are looking into the misuse of data by Cambridge Analytica .
Read more : A new threat to Facebook 's reputation
Now , the Channel 4 broadcast appears likely to cast an even harsher spotlight on the company , which was founded by Stephen K. Bannon and Robert Mercer , a wealthy Republican donor who put has put at least $ 15 million into Cambridge Analytica .
The firm 's psychographic modeling techniques , which were built in part with the data harvested from Facebook , underpinned its work for the Trump campaign in 2016 , though many have questioned their effectiveness .
Less noticed has been the work that Cambridge Analytica and its parent company , SCL Group , have done outside the United States . The operations of the two companies were set up with a convoluted corporate structure and are deeply intertwined .
Nix , for instance , holds dual appointments at the two companies . Cambridge Analytica is registered in Delaware and almost wholly owned by the Mercer family , but it is effectively a shell — it holds intellectual property rights to its psychographic modeling tools , yet its clients are served by the staff at London-based SCL and overseen by Nix , who is a British citizen .
SCL Elections has clients around the world , and it has experimented with data-driven microtargeting techniques in the Caribbean and Africa , where privacy rules are lax or nonexistent and politicians employing SCL have been happy to provide government-held data , according to former employees .
Also read : Norwegian government faces no confidence vote after minister 's FB post
But in the footage broadcast by Channel 4 , Nix offered services that go far beyond data harvesting . The Times did not work with Channel 4 on its report about Cambridge Analytica .
“ Many of our clients do n't want to be seen to be working with a foreign company , ” they told the Channel 4 reporter , who was not identified . “ We can set up fake IDs and websites , we can be students doing research projects attached to a university , we can be tourists . There are so many options we can look at . ”
The Channel 4 reporter posed as a “ fixer ” for a wealthy Sri Lankan family that wanted to help politicians they favored . In a series of meetings at London hotels between November and January , all of which were secretly filmed , Nix and other executives boasted that Cambridge Analytica employs front companies and former spies on behalf of political clients .
The information that is uncovered through such clandestine work is then put “ into the bloodstream to the internet , ” said Mark Turnbull , another Cambridge executive , in an encounter in December 2017 at the Berkeley hotel in London .
“ Then watch it grow , give it a little push every now and again , over time , to watch it take shape , ” they added . “ It has to happen without anyone thinking , ‘ That 's propaganda . ' Because the moment you think ‘ that 's propaganda , ' the next question is , ‘ Who 's put that out ? ' ”
The most damning footage , though , was of Nix 's suggestion that the company could entrap political rivals through seduction or bribery .
At a meeting in January , also at the Berkeley hotel , Nix was direct about the techniques SCL could use to aid a client .
“ I mean , deep digging is interesting , ” they said . “ But you know equally effective can be just to go and speak to the incumbents and to offer them a deal that 's too good to be true , and make sure that that 's video-recorded , you know . These sorts of tactics are very effective , instantly having video evidence of corruption , putting it on the internet , these sorts of things . ”
Nix then suggested they could have someone pose as a wealthy developer . “ They will offer a large amount of money to the candidate , to finance their campaign in exchange for land for instance , ” they said . “ We 'll have the whole thing recorded on cameras . ”
Or , Nix said , they could “ send some girls around to the candidate 's house — we have lots of history of things . ”
The reporter asked what kind of girls , and Nix said they could find some Ukrainian women . “ I 'm just saying , we could bring some Ukrainians in on holiday with us you know , ” Nix replied . “ You know what I 'm saying . ”
“ They are very beautiful , ” they said . “ I find that works very well . ”
To be sure , though , Nix said that they were speaking only in hypotheticals . “ Please do n't pay too much attention to what I 'm saying because I 'm just giving you examples of what can be done and what , what has been done , ” they said .
Cambridge Analytica , in a statement issued after the Channel 4 broadcast , said the report was “ edited and scripted to grossly misrepresent the nature of those conversations and how the company conducts its business . ”
The company said that it was the undercover reporter who had raised the idea of entrapping politicians , and that the executives had been trying to assess their intent . Nix and Turnbull “ humored these questions and actively encouraged the prospective client to disclose their intentions , ” it said .
“ They left with grave concerns and did not meet with them again , ” the company said .
For Nix , the footage comes at an already perilous moment . This month , they told a parliamentary inquiry into fake news and Russian interference in Britain 's referendum to exit the European Union that Cambridge Analytica never used or possessed Facebook data .
But after the reports in The Times and Observer on Saturday , Damian Collins , the Conservative lawmaker leading the inquiry , said they planned to call Nix back to testify .
“ It seems clear that they have deliberately misled the committee and Parliament , ” Collins said in a statement this weekend .
Elizabeth Denham , the British information commissioner , told Channel 4 News that on March 7 they asked for access to Cambridge Analytica , setting a deadline of 6 p.m. Monday . Denham said they did not accept the response as satisfactory and so would be applying in court Tuesday for a warrant .
“ We need to look at the databases , we need to look at the servers and understand how the data was processed , ” they said .
In a statement , Facebook said it had “ hired a digital forensics firm , Stroz Friedberg , to conduct a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica . ”
But Collins , chairperson of the House of Commons digital , culture , media and sport committee , said they were concerned that Facebook might gain access to data before the information commissioner did .
“ What are they doing ? ” Collins asked on Channel 4 News . “ Are they going in to physically recover data , to disturb the files ? This investigation should be for the authorities . ”
Collins said that the former Cambridge Analytica employee who came forward to disclose their company 's actions , Christopher Wylie , would be giving evidence to their committee . They said they wanted Mark Zuckerberg , or another senior executive from Facebook , to do the same .
The New York Times
By The Associated Press
SUSSEX COUNTY , Va. ( AP ) — Three people have been killed and two others injured in a three-vehicle crash in which police say alcohol may have played a role .
Virginia State Police said the accident happened just after 3 a.m. Sunday on Route 460 in Sussex County .
Police said a Kia Soul was traveling eastbound when the driver , Christy Allen , crossed the center lane , hitting a Honda Accord head on . Allen and their passenger , Roquisha Shonta Broady , were killed .
A passenger in the Honda , Dequincy Lamar Jackson , of South Chesterfield , died on impact . The driver suffered major injuries .
A third car , a Toyota Scion , struck the Honda in the rear . That driver suffered minor injuries .
In a statement , state police said alcohol “ was a contributing factor to the cause of the accident . ”
All three people who died were not wearing seatbelts .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Tech Sgt . Ronald Gowen , a logistician assigned to the 387th Air Expeditionary Squadron , assists aerial porters with unloading a C-17 Globemaster III at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia Nov. 4 , 2016 . Gowen is currently embedded with the 386th Expeditionary Logistics Readiness Squadron as they await transfer to a joint unit .
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 11.03.2016 Date Posted : 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID : 3082890 VIRIN : 161104-F-CA297-023 Resolution : 4416x2944 Size : 1.13 MB Location : ( UNDISCLOSED LOCATION ) Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Airmen 's skills vital to the joint fight [ Image 1 of 20 ] , by SrA Andrew Park , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
New Delhi : John Abraham 's latest outing 'Parmanu : The Story of Pokhran ' has hit the right chord amongst the viewers . The film has managed to maintain its steady pace at the Box Office and the latest figures are solid proof it . The film is directed by Abhishek Sharma .
The film witnessed a jump of 58 % growth at the Box Office on Day 2 and collected Rs 7.64 crores on Saturday . Despite being a weekday , 'Parmanu ' maintained strong grip at the Box Office collected Rs 3.48 crore on Wednesday . It now stands with the net collection of Rs 32.17 crore .
Noted trade analyst Taran Adarsh shared the business collection of the film and wrote , `` The positive word of mouth has come into play and that is converting into steady footfalls on weekdays ... # Parmanu maintains a STRONG GRIP on Wed ... Fri 4.82 cr , Sat 7.64 cr , Sun 8.32 cr , Mon 4.10 cr , Tue 3.81 cr , Wed 3.48 cr . Total : ₹ 32.17 cr . India biz . ''
The positive word of mouth has come into play and that is converting into steady footfalls on weekdays ... # Parmanu maintains a STRONG GRIP on Wed ... Fri 4.82 cr , Sat 7.64 cr , Sun 8.32 cr , Mon 4.10 cr , Tue 3.81 cr , Wed 3.48 cr . Total : ₹ 32.17 cr . India biz . — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) May 31 , 2018
Interestingly , the film had generated a lukewarm response at Box Office on its opening day . 'Parmanu ' had opened to Rs 4.82 crore on its first day . According to industry experts , despite receiving positive reviews , the film 's initial business had suffered because of its limited promotion by the makers and the IPL 2018 season .
'Parmanu ' is based on the nuclear test conducted by Indian Army in Pokhran , Rajasthan in 1998 . Directed by Abhishek Sharma and written by Saiwyn Quadras and Sanyukta Shaikh Chawla , the film also features Diana Penty , Boman Irani and Yogendra Tikku .
'Parmanu ' was earlier slated to release December 8 , 2017 but the makers pushed the date to avoid clashing with Sanjay Leela Bhansali 's epic drama 'Padmaavat ' . However , the film got delayed further owing to conflicts between the producers of the film , Abraham 's JA Entertainment and Kriarj entertainment .
Roberto Deiaco , the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue , has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan 's midtown . Dubbed Avena , the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio 's Armani Restaurant . # wwdeye ( 📷 : @ lightboxer )
Enrique Marquez Jr. , 25 , of Riverside , Calif. , is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack , and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges .
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit :
In their plea , Marquez admits that their friend , Syed Rizwan Farook , paid them for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015 . That 's when Farook and their wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook 's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center . Marquez also admits they conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College ( RCC ) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California . Those plans never materialized .
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said , `` While their earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed , the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center . ''
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it .
They did acknowledge that they were a `` straw buyer '' when they purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack .
According to a Justice Department statement :
`` Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country , '' said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden . `` It is purchases like Marquez 's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino . The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form . It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community . In this case , the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack . ''
Mandy Pifer , whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack , told The Associated Press that Marquez 's plea agreement brought mixed emotions :
`` It 's a hell of a day to come out , Valentine 's Day , '' the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said . `` I 'm relieved that it wo n't be a long trial . If it 'll be finished sooner , I 'm all for it . '' They said they planned to speak at Marquez 's sentencing about the impact their boyfriend 's killing has had on them In their last moments , Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table , shielding them from the bullets . `` It is what it is , '' they said . `` Nothing 's going to bring them back . ''
Marquez is expected to formally enter their guilty pleas Thursday morning .
They have been in custody since they were ordered detained at their initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17 , 2015 .
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Some of the most important and mysterious particles in the universe are being explored by a new app which aims to spark interest in science .
Product design and technology specialist Cambridge Consultants has been working with experts at Durham University on the augmented reality app , NeutrinoScope , which aims to educate users about neutrinos and to visualise where they are produced and to emphasise why they 're so significant to modern science .
It is hoped the partnership will spark interest in science , technology , engineering and mathematics ( STEM ) for students in secondary education and beyond .
Apparently neutrinos are one of the most important and mysterious particles in the universe . They are produced by many things , including the nuclear fusion processes that power the sun and stars , and may hold the key to how matter evolved after the Big Bang , creating everything around us . Despite this , they are incredibly hard to detect and understand .
Silvia Pascoli , Professor at the Institute for Particle Physics Phenomenology at Durham University , said : “ Neutrinos are vitally important and have the potential to solve some of the biggest mysteries in physics , including why everything we see in the universe is made of matter and not antimatter . Despite this , they are poorly understood . With its rich history of developing breakthrough products , Cambridge Consultants was the clear choice of partner for this important project , creating a unique app that will transform teaching techniques and create a more engaging experience for students to learn about the fascinating world of particle physics ” .
The NeutrinoScope app uses an initial quiz to pique interest , before app-users are invited to the “ interact ” mode that uses augmented reality to project animated sources of neutrinos onto a flat surface , explaining key facts and behaviours . Users can expect to see sources ranging from a power station to the humble banana .
Afterwards , the app invites the user to “ Explore ” , showing neutrinos superimposed onto the world around them . Although usually invisible , neutrinos are emitted by many common objects and with the NeutrinoScope app users can see sources create the particles in front of their eyes .
Tim Fowler , head of wireless and digital services at Cambridge Consultants , added : “ Particle physics , and more specifically neutrinos , is an important field of study that is fundamental to our understanding of the world around us . We 're delighted to partner with Durham University on this project , leveraging our software development and user experience teams to create a first-of-its-kind app that will aid education on the subject . We 're excited to launch the app and hope it goes some way to inspire the next generation of STEM graduates . ”
The app is available for iOS , and can be found in the app store . It will be showcased at the ‘ Ghosts in the Universe ' exhibit at the prestigious Royal Society Summer Science Exhibition , which opens on 2 July 2018 .
The annual list highlights 100 honorees from 34 cities and 28 states who “ share one common trait : an exceptional ability to leverage the power of parties to enhance the lives of others , ” the site says .
“ We love putting together the Salonniere 100 list every year , ” says Carla McDonald , the site 's founder and editor-in-chief . “ It 's a time-intensive , nationwide selection process , but it represents our collective sense of purpose and passion . For 2018 , we spent six months talking to more than 1,000 local contacts and authorities whom we 've come to know as in-the-know experts , including journalists , philanthropists , not-for-profit fundraisers , social luminaries , as well as cultural and business leaders . ”
“ The Salonniere 100 honors those who really enjoy getting people together and harnessing the power of parties to enhance other people 's lives — and to add value to the community while they 're doing it , ” McDonald continues . “ That does n't mean we 're looking for people who throw the most parties or the biggest or most expensive parties — although some on the list do host grand events that raise a lot of money for important local and national charities . But the list also celebrates honorees who throw intimate , informal dinner parties to encourage meaningful conversation and gather people together to meet outside their usual social circles . At the end of the day , it 's all about the 100 best party-givers in America , the 100 men and women who have an unparalleled ability to use social gatherings to support causes , advance ideas , and bring fun and joy to others . ”
The full list is as below , by city :
Aspen , Colo. Melissa and Marc Ganzi , Amy Phelan Atlanta James Farmer , Annette Joseph , Danielle Rollins Austin , Tex . Mónica Peraza , Nina Seeley Boston Alli Achtmeyer , Jean and Christopher Egan Charleston , S.C. Patricia Altschul , Lee Manigault , Ann Merck , Carolyne Roehm Charlotte , N.C. Felicia and Herb Gray , Danialle and Pete Karmanos Chicago Alessandra Branca , Ikram Goldman Cincinnati Ryan Messer and Jimmy Musuraca Dallas Brooke and Blake Davenport , Cindy Rachofsky , Nancy and Richard Rogers , Kimberly Schlegel Whitman Denver Tammy Abramovitz , Christie Isenberg , Christine Vazquez Detroit Chuck Bennett , Jessie Elliott and Ed Welburn , Danialle and Pete Karmanos , Diane and Tom Schoenith , Mona and Matt Simoncini Great Falls , Minn. Sydne George Hartford , Conn. Bunny Williams Houston Paige Fertitta , Lucinda Loya , Becca Cason Thrash , Phoebe Tudor , Sheridan Williams , Lynn Wyatt Lexington , Ky. Jon Carloftis and Dale Fisher Little Rock , Ark . Tobi Wells Fairley Louisville , Ky. Priscilla Barnstable and Patricia Barnstable- Brown , Tammy York Day and Tonya York Dees Los Angeles Barbara Broccoli , Christine Chiu , Eva Chow , Timothy Corrigan , Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber , Crystal Lourd , Lisa McRee , Irena and Mike Medavoy , Reese Witherspoon Macon , Ga. Carey Pickard and Christopher Howard
What does it mean to be human ? Primatologist Natalia Reagan tries to unlock the answers , with a little help from paleoanthropologist Marc Kissel , diving deep into the history of the hominoid lineage . You 'll hear about the evolution of wisdom , the importance of “ symbolic thinking , ” and why societal examples of behavior are more important than individual examples of behavior when studying the fossil record .
You 'll also hear how Marc 's work on Notre Dame 's “ Evolution of Wisdom ” project could help us better understand ourselves – and why it 's so hard to flesh out wisdom from the fossil record . You 'll learn about the evolutionary mystery of language .
You 'll also find out if teeth can tell us anything about signs of compassion and altruism amongst early humans . All that , plus , our trio answers previously submitted Cosmic Queries about losing hair , what humans will look like 500,000 years from now , whether another intelligent species could rise to power ?
Listen Here
Image credit : Ancient Origins
NYDG CHEM-FREE ACTIVE DEFENSE SPF 30
`` I do n't think many sunscreens have been created and self -tested by a surfing dermatologist and a team of athletic physicians dedicated to skin health . The NYDG chemical free sunblock formula is a hybrid product . It is an antioxidant cream , a sunblock , and a moisturizer all-in-one . This combo provides physical sunscreen , protection from free radical damage , and also conditions the skin .
With climate change and the increased toxicity of the sun 's rays we need protection from three things : DNA damage /skin cancer , photo-aging , and dehydration . We use 17.5 percent zinc oxide , which acts like a million tiny white umbrellas . Combined with protective Argan oil and conditioning , olive-derived Squalene , we have created the perfect 3-in1 sunscreen that is safe , pure and hydrating. '' —Dr . David Colbert , New York Dermatology Group co-founder and head physician
NYDG Chem-Free Active Defense SPF30 , $ 98
SHOP
© Shannon Stapleton / Reuters
The so-called Deep State wants President Donald Trump removed from office over fears of what a NATO rollback in Europe would do to the profit margins of the defense industry , journalist , film-maker and author , John Pilger , told RT 's Going Underground.When asked by Going Underground host Afshin Rattansi if there was a `` Deep State coup '' against Donald Trump over their willingness to forge a partnership with Moscow , Pilger agreed with that proposition.The reason for this massive effort to reverse the will of the American election process is directly related to the defense sector , which fears that any attempt by Trump to roll back NATO forces on Russia 's border would damage their bottom line . `` If you take away that whole NATO-backed circus , serious circus , which has lined up on Russia 's Western border - a completely threatening presence of NATO forces on the very borderland through which Hitler invaded the Soviet Union in 1941 - if you take that away then what happens to the great armaments companies , the producers of the F-35 , the Lockheed Martin , Raytheon ... , '' Pilger surmised.The root of the problem , they explained , also extended to US legislators who have done `` sweetheart deals with the arms companies and the ... nuclear weapons industry . `` `` What happens to the whole pyramid , '' they asked.Pilger went on to condemn the latest round of anti-Russia sanctions , which effectively nullified the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Weapons Treaty , signed in to force by former US President Ronald Reagan and Soviet Premier Mikhail Gorbachev and which effectively ended the Cold War . `` That very treaty , and I have n't seen this in the newspapers at all , that very treaty is wiped out in these latest sanctions . That ends the last treaty that might stop a nuclear attack . ''
MERIDIAN , Idaho—Under clear skies Meridian Speedway welcomed their premier racing division back to the quarter-mile for the NASCAR Whelen All-American Series Modified Opener . The College of Western Idaho Super Stocks , TEAM Mazda Subaru Mini Stocks , TATES Rents Hornets , and Junior Stingers completed the lineup for an action packed night of short track racing .
The NASCAR Whelen All-American Series Modifieds rolled onto the quarter-mile for their first of two 35 lap main events . On the break Meridian , Idaho 's CJ Stirm rushed around Kuna , Idaho driver Gene Stroebel to lead the first lap in their Allegiant Powder Coating , YMC entry . Rodney Houpt followed Stirm past Stroebel and wedged their Boise Spring Works , Royal Purple Oil machine into the lead on lap two , bringing Nampa , Idaho competitors Beau Gillogly and Josh Jackson with them into the top three . Jackson blasted to second place on lap four before they powered past Houpt to put their Motor Mayhem Chassis Dyno , Cyclone Cycles modified in the top spot .
As Jackson pulled away from the field the battle for third raged as Dylan Caldwell and Larry Hull III scrapped for position . Caldwell eventually worked their way past Hull III and Houpt to take second and turned their sights to leader Jackson .
Colton Nelson as next to challenge Hull III 's Diversified Carpet Cleaning , Shake N ' Bake Racing machine . Nelson used a lap fifteen bobbles to sneak below Hull III and put their Integrity Pools modified in third . Now in clear track Nelson went to work hunting second place Caldwell . With thirteen laps to go Nelson arrived at Cladwell 's rear bumper . The battle raged for nine laps before Nelson motored around Caldwell and set to work catching Jackson . Though a late caution bunched the field , Jackson 's mount was too strong and they sped to the Caleb 's Chop Shop Victory Stripe first .
Seven Junior Stingers crowded Meridian Speedway for an exciting eighteen lap features . Adalyn Sharp was first to the gas pedal in their A-1 Chem Dry , PBT Auto Sales car , but Cody Castricone was quicker and the youngster tore their way through the field to lead lap one . Meridian , Idaho racers Hailey Rogers and Rusty Houpt followed Castricone through the pack and by lap five Rogers put their H & H Accounting , Goodwill Finance machine in the lead . Lapped traffic kept the lead battle close before a wayward car caused Rogers to spin through the infield and relinquish the lead on lap seven .
On the restart , Castricone outdueled Houpt to reclaim the top spot while Rogers picked their way through the pack . At the halfway point Rogers caught Houpt 's Boise Spring Works , Bess Racing machine and worked their way to the runner-up spot , but faced a half track deficit to Castricone 's Certified services , Fast Glass racer . With four to go Rogers had cut the gap to half , but they ran out of laps to catch Castricone , who collected 2017 's first Junior Stinger victory .
The TATES Rent Hornets zipped through 25 hard-fought laps . Bill Malone powered to the lead from their second row starting spot as the field bashed and battled behind him . Michael Capps was first to battle Malone and the Meridian , Idaho driver took the lead on lap five . Monica Heath was next to mount a challenge for the lead in their PBT Auto Sales ride . This fight went sour three laps later when Heath and Capps tangled . Capps ' Boise Bath and Kitchen Company , Subline Electric entry made hard contact with the turn one wall , and in the ensuing jam up Josh Randolph maneuvered their Hungry Onion car into the lead with Josh Parkkila and Tommy Harrod in tow .
At the race 's halfway point Harrod worked their PBT Auto Sales racer outside of Parkkila 's H & H Accounting , Wildside Wraps machine to challenge for the runner-up spot . Unable to make headway , Harrod settled back in line with nine laps to go . Though back in line Harrod kept the pressure on Parkkila . With two laps left Harrod took to the low line and grabbed the runner-up spot . But nobody could run down Randolph who started their title defense with a victory .
The College of Western Idaho Super Stocks rumbled to the green flag for a 25 lap shootout . Caldwell , Idaho 's Daniel Johnson and Nampa , Idaho 's Melissa Arte wasted no time as they raced through the pack and into the top two on lap one . Arte worked the outside line in their Marv 's Tire Service , Dillon Performance Engines machine and blew past Johnson for the lap three lead . Johnson kept pace with the lady racer in their Darlene 's Printing , American Redline Auto Salvage entry before they launched an all-out assault on the leader just after the race 's halfway point .
Johnson first ducked low to no avail , then looked high . With the pressure on Arte darted through lapped traffic , but Johnson matched them every move . With Arte camped in the low line Johnson pulled to the high groove on the final lap , but Arte held their ground and slid their racer across the Caleb 's Chop Shop Victory Stripe first .
Thirteen TEAM Mazda Subaru Mini Stocks flocked to the quarter-mile for a season-opening thirty lap features . On the green Melba , Idaho 's Billy Shipp edged Nampa , Idaho 's David Pywell to lead lap one while the field jockeyed for position . On the move early was Jayson Wardle , who picked their way into the top five on lap two before they were trapped behind a fading Pywell . As Wardle 's run stalled Boise , Idaho 's Mike Davis and Payette , Idaho driver Travis Pavlacky challenged Shipp for the lead . Davis was first to make their move and piloted their Bigelow Tea , DBI Speedshop entry to the top spot on lap eight .
Jason Sanders and Ray Bolinger shot through the hole Davis made and put their racers in second and third . Caldwell , Idaho 's Sanders caught Davis at the race 's halfway point and the battle was on for the top spot . Sanders pinned their Divel Services , Excel Concrete Construction machine to the high line and picked Davis off on lapped traffic to take the lead . Once out front Sanders set sail from the field and claimed the main event trophy .
Mayhem ruled Saturday 's second NASCAR Whelen All-American Series Modified main event . When the green flag waved front row starters Beau Gillogly and Larry Hull III broke loose and came together , stacking up the rest of the field . When the smoke cleared Gillogly 's Razor 's Edge Window Cleaning , GRC Custom Fabrication modified and Hull III 's Diversified Carpet Cleaning , Shake N ' Bake Racing entry were forced to retire with crash damage . First main event winner Josh Jackson found themselves in the pit area for extensive repairs , but would make it back on track for the restart .
CJ Stirm and Gene Stroebel inherited the front row and led the field to green . Stirm was quick to the gas pedal and took their Allegiant Powder Coating , Meridian Drug Coalition modified to the lap one lead . Behind Stirm , Hunter Gates and Dylan Caldwell battled for second . Gates got the best of that fight and used that track position to take their YMC , Banner Promotions racer to the lead on lap three . Caldwell followed Gates past Stirm , then took the top spot for themselves on lap four .
Caldwell was anything but safe up front as first main event winner Josh Jackson used an early caution to pull even with Caldwell before they took the lead one lap later . Behind Jackson 's Motor Mayhem Chassis Dyno , Cyclone Cycles machine Colton Nelson was on the move . With eighteen laps left Nelson arrived at Caldwell 's rear bumper and searched for a way to put their Integrity Pools , Shake N ' Bake Racing modified in the runner-up spot .
Caldwell held their ground in the high line and countered every one of Nelson 's challenges as the laps wound down . With one last desperate effort Nelson ducked low on Caldwell as the white flag waved , but the Meridian , Idaho driver broke loose and had to settle for third behind Caldwell and Jackson .
Open wheel racing returns to Meridian Speedway this Saturday , April 22 as the Intermountain Winged Sprintcars make their 2017 debut on the quarter-mile . The Pepsi Crate Cars and Super Sixes will also be on hand to renew their yearly battle for supremacy . The Project Filter Pro-4 Tri-Track Challenge Series , College of Western Idaho High School Tuners , Domino 's Legends , and Teleperformance Claimer Stocks complete Saturday night 's thrilling line up . General admission to this six-pack of short track action are just $ 11 for adults , 6.50 for kids 7-11 , and $ 8.50 for seniors and military members . Be sure to check meridianspeedway.com for the latest news from around the quarter-mile and official results . We 'll see you Saturday night under the big yellow water tower for the Winged Sprintcar Opener at your NASCAR Home Track Meridian Speedway .
Meridian Speedway
Saturday 's Unofficial Results
NASCAR Whelen All-American Series Modified Season Opener
4/15/2017
Main Events
NASCAR Whelen All-American Series Modifieds # 1 ( 35 laps ) -1.Josh Jackson 2.Colton Nelson 3.Dylan Caldwell 4.Hunter Gates 5.Rodney Houpt
NASCAR Whelen All-American Series Modifieds # 2 ( 35 laps ) -1.Josh Jackson 2.Dylan Caldwell 3.Colton Nelson 4.Rodney Houpt 5.CJ Stirm
TEAM Mazda Subaru Mini Stocks ( 30 laps ) -1.Jason Sanders 2.Mike Davis 3.Terrell Daffron 4.Ian Michael Pedersen 5.Travis Pavlacky
College of Western Idaho Super Stocks ( 25 laps ) -1.Melissa Arte 2.Daniel Johnson 3.Ben Crow 4.Ron Hayes 5.Hunter Gates
Junior Stingers ( 18 laps ) -1.Cody Castricone 2.Hailey Rogers 3.Rusty Houpt 4.Jessica Harris 5.Mary Sharp
TATES Rents Hornets ( 25 laps ) -1.Josh Randolph 2.Tommy Harrod 3.Josh Parkkila 4.Monica Heath 5.Brandon Kelley
Heat Races
( 6 laps each )
TEAM Mazda Subaru Mini Stocks
A Heat-1 . Jayson Wardle 2 . Mike Davis 3 . Ian Michael 4 . Jason Sanders 5 . Ray Bolinger
B Heat-1 . Travis Pavlacky 2 . David Pywell 3 . Billy Shipp 4 . Will Ostrum 5 . Alex Hibbert
CWI Super Stocks
A Heat-1 . Melissa Arte 2 . Ben Crow 3 . Hunter Gates 4 . Ron Hayes 5 . Daniel Johnson
TATES Rents Hornets
A Heat-1 . Tommy Harrod 2 . Josh Randolph 3 . Monica Heath 4 . Josh Parkkila 5 . Brandon Kelley
B Heat-1 . Pat Hellickson 2 . Joe Pettit 3 . JD Southern 4 . Bill Malone 5 . Nick Durbin
Junior Stingers
A Heat-1 . Cody Castricone 2 . Hailey Rogers 3 . Rusty Houpt 4 . Adalyn Sharp 5 . Isabella Young
Trophy Dashes
( 4 laps each )
NWAAS Modifieds – Dylan Caldwell
TEAM Mazda Subaru Mini Stocks – Terrell Daffron
CWI Super Stocks – Ben Crow
Junior Stingers – Hailey Rogers
TATES Rents Hornets – Monica Heath
Qualifying
NASCAR Whelen All-American Series Modifieds – Colton Nelson , 14.178 seconds
TEAM Mazda Subaru Mini Stocks – Ray Bolinger , 15.423 seconds
CWI Super Stocks – Melissa Arte , 14.435 seconds
Junior Stingers – Hailey Rogers , 17.381 seconds
TATES Rents Hornets – Tommy Harrod , 16.513 seconds
THE state 's most accomplished young scholars will receive a free university degree under a new incentive to lure quality graduates to the bush .
The new scholarships will fully fund the university degrees of 60 new teachers per year by paying their HECS debt if they accept a posting at one of more than 150 eligible rural and remote public schools .
The new scholarships , available to HSC or university students also include a stipend of $ 7,500 per year to assist students with their studies , along with a $ 6,000 'sign-on ' bonus to help with the cost of relocation when they start their new job .
Education Minister Rob Stokes said the free degree was one of 16 new changes in the NSW Government 's $ 140 million rural and remote rewards package intended to boost education standards in country schools .
`` No matter if you 're in Woolloomooloo , Wyong , or Wagga , equality of opportunity in education is the keystone of the NSW public school system , ” Mr Stokes said .
Mr Stokes also announced a raft of new incentives in the package to entice senior and experienced staff out of the cities and regional centres to rural and remote locations .
`` We want to attract the brightest young minds , but it is also important that they are supported by experienced mentors who will ensure the best educational outcomes are achieved for their students . ”
Changes to the Rural and Remote Rewards scheme include :
- Teachers who move to an eligible school will earn up to $ 30,000 per annum on top of their base salary depending on the school and their level of seniority
- $ 10,000 'sign-on ' recruitment bonus for eligible positions
- $ 5,000 'retention benefit ' paid annually up to $ 50,000 ( 10 years )
- Earn up to eight transfer points per year to assist with future career locations , ( comparison , teachers earn one transfer point per year in Sydney metro schools ) .
Applications for the scholarship opens in 2018 .
For more information go to https : //teach.nsw.edu.au/find-teaching-jobs/choose-rural
The makers of Aksar 2 gave us two soulful tracks with Aaj Zid and Jaana Ve and have finally released the much awaited third song titled Tanhaiyaan which features Zareen Khan and Abhinav Shukla .
Talking about shooting in the beautiful locales of Mauritius , Director Ananth Mahadevan stated , “ We have shot at some exotic places — a British kind of villa that has been converted into a museum of artefacts with beautiful furniture , pianos and grandfather clocks . We also shot a portion of the song at a beach and a fort , which had wonderful textures made of wood and bricks and has a huge galley , where we could finish the song with the shot of Zareen running . ”
“ It comes as a shock to both Zareen and the audience . Amit Mishra , who did a wonderful rendiition of Bulleya in Ae Dil Hai Mushkil is singing this nostalgic number . I am so glad I got them because they have sung it with a lot of feeling . After the sensuous Aaj Zid and the romantic Jaana Ve , this will tug at your heartstrings , ” the confident director added .
Talking about the film 's delayed release , Mahadevan further went on to say , “ We wanted to release Tanhaiyaan first and our second trailer , which concentrates totally on the edge-of-the-seat content . That will be launched next Tuesday . We wanted to build this up and not hurry through , that 's the reason we took a call to push the film . Also , some post-production work is remaining . ”
Trending :
Aksar tells the story about Rajveer , who can not divorce their possessive wife Sheena due to an expensive prenuptial agreement . But when they hire Ricky to seduce them and get rid of her , their plan backfires with serious consequences .
The film also stars Gautam Rode , Lillete Dubey and Mohit Madaan in lead roles . Mohit Madaan , who will be seen as a character named Bachchan in the film , says working in the upcoming film was a “ challenge ” for them as they find no similarity with the role .
Presented by Siddhivinayak Creations , Aksar 2 is produced by Narendra Bajaj and Chirag Bajaj . Directed by Ananth Narayan Mahadevan , with music composed by Mithoon and lyrics penned by Sayeed Quadri .
NEW YORK — A French-Italian crew has won the first leg of the Atlantic Cup by reaching New York an hour and a half ahead of an American crew after sailing 648 nautical miles from Charleston , South Carolina .
Skipper Catherine Pourre and Pietro Luciani on Earendil sailed into New York ahead of the American crew of Amhas , Micah Davis and Rob Windsor .
Earendil moved into the lead after a long , intense battle with Amhas . The French-Italian duo played the conditions perfectly , allowing it to gain a tactical and speed advantage after gybing in from the Gulf Stream to race along the New Jersey shore .
The second stage of three-stage race , to Portland , Maine , begins Saturday . The race will cover 1,008 nautical miles and is being sailed in Class40s .
Sussex County residents are speaking out against Allen Harim Foods ' plans to debone chickens at their new corporate headquarters near Millsboro . Wochit
Britain 's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON , June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain 's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that they said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power , the Daily Mirror reported .
The RIO Connect – IMA Mobile Wingman app is available to both Android and Apple users and offers IMAs easy access to the tools and information they need to manage their careers , when and where they need it .
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 12.19.2016 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 08:57 Photo ID : 3167092 VIRIN : 170207-F-IL660-0001 Resolution : 4516x3387 Size : 1.34 MB Location : US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , New mobile app for IMAs is `` everywhere you are '' , by MSgt Timothy Huffman , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
The outstanding home exterior planer in this residence can show the nice interpretation of humanistic living space with comfy plans . Viewing from the green garden and combine with comfy outdoor pool we can see the dynamic design of exterior landscaping with neatly plans and comfy thought . Combine with nice outdoor lighting , the exterior planer of this home was totally perfect . The clean and green indoor garden inspirations of this house were welcome us from the front gate until the front door of this house . After welcome by a nice garden , our eye will see the nice geometric interior landscape with neatly combination between modern and classical taste . Both concrete and wood will be combining nicely here . Added by conceptual contemporary bathroom plans , this space was show the simple and useful bathroom furniture without any wasted stuff . Both furniture and decoration in this residence was perfect and directly we can see those whole things through this genius geometric residence constructions planer and the real landscaping from extraordinary black geometric building . [ via ]
Originally Posted On Iroonie
New Delhi : Formally directing the US space agency NASA to send astronauts back to the moon and eventually Mars , US President Donald Trump has signed their administration 's first space policy directive .
`` The directive I 'm signing today will refocus American space program on human exploration and discovery , '' Trump said at a White House ceremony on Monday , Xinhua news agency reported .
`` It marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-term exploration and use , '' they said .
`` This time , we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and perhaps some day to many worlds beyond . ''
The last manned lunar mission was the Apollo 17 in 1972 and while many other manned missions were planned , none of them saw the light of day .
Trump 's directive called the Space Policy Directive 1 , was based on recommendations of the National Space Council , which the POTUS directed to re-establish in June .
The council was first created in 1989 during the administration of President George H.W . Bush but later disbanded in 1993 under President Bill Clinton .
It marked a return to the vision of President George W. Bush , whose Constellation program aimed to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 and then go on to Mars .
However , Constellation was cancelled in 2010 by then-President Barack Obama , on the grounds that Americans `` have been there before '' and that `` there 's a lot more of space to explore . ''
Instead , Obama said the US should start by sending astronauts to an asteroid , a controversial plan known as Asteroid Redirect Mission , which was scrapped earlier this year by the Trump administration .
`` Since the beginning of their administration , President Trump has taken steps to refocus NASA on its core mission of space exploration , '' Deputy White House Press Secretary Hogan Gidley said in a statement earlier on Monday .
`` He will change our nation 's human spaceflight policy to help America become the driving force for the space industry , gain new knowledge from the cosmos , and spur incredible technology , '' Gidley said .
Both Trump and Vice President Mike Pence , who chairs the National Space Council , have repeatedly expressed interest in human lunar missions during the past year .
Pence , during the first meeting of the National Space Council in October , said the moon will be `` a stepping-stone , a training ground , a venue to strengthen our commercial and international partnerships '' .
( With IANS inputs )
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
The weather gods heard the news , and have delivered a wintry environment for the first weekend of Winterlude .
Environment Canada is predicting mainly cloudy skies with a 30 per cent chance of light snow for Saturday , with a high of -8 C. However , winds from the SSE in the morning will make it feel like -25 .
Periods of snow should begin this evening , with 5 cm expected . Temperatures will rise to -5 C by Sunday morning .
Sunday should see 5-10 cm of snow , and a high of -1 C , with more snow coming in the evening .
U.S. gross natural gas output in the lower 48 states jumped by the most in almost three years to 80.2 billion cubic feet per day in February , the U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) said on Friday in its monthly 914 production report .
The 1.8 bcfd increase in February over January was the biggest monthly increase since April 2014 and the first monthly increase in three months .
Gross production in February climbed to its highest since August 2016 . That compares with the record 82.6 bcfd hit in February 2016 .
Output increased in all three of the biggest lower 48 producing states - Texas , Pennsylvania and Oklahoma .
In Texas , the largest gas-producing state , output in February increased for the first month in 10 , up 0.7 bcfd to 21.3 bcfd . That was the biggest monthly increase in the state since March 2011 .
In Pennsylvania , output rose by 0.3 bcfd to a monthly record high of 15.2 bcfd in February . That was the fourth monthly increase in a row .
Production in Oklahoma increased by 0.2 bcfd to 6.5 bcfd in February . That was its biggest monthly increase since March 2015 .
EIA also reported dry gas production for February , but did not break out individual states . U.S. dry production , including Alaska , increased to 72.1 bcfd in February from 70.7 bcfd in January . Monthly dry gas production peaked in April 2015 at 75.0 bcfd .
Gas production declined in 2016 for the first time since the start of the shale revolution a decade ago as low energy prices reduced drilling activity .
Next-day gas prices at the Henry Hub benchmark in Louisiana averaged $ 2.49 per million British thermal units in 2016 , the lowest annual average since 1999 . Prices averaged $ 2.61 in 2015 , which before last year was also the lowest since 1999 .
Before 2016 , U.S. dry gas production last dropped in 2005 when Hurricanes Katrina and Rita slammed into the Gulf Coast , damaging energy infrastructure along the Gulf of Mexico , which had been supplying more than 20 percent of the nation 's gas .
Since then , producers have figured out how to use horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing technologies to unlock more of the gas trapped in shale rocks .
Today , the seven biggest U.S. shale fields produce more than 60 percent of the nation 's gas , while the Gulf of Mexico accounts for around 4 percent of the total .
( Reporting by Scott DiSavino ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli )
PARIS ( AP ) — Paris Saint-Germain is dreaming big , just like its motto says .
The French club , desperate to join Europe 's elite since Qatari owners QSI took over six years ago , made an eye-catching breakthrough in the Champions League on Tuesday , routing Barcelona 4-0 in the first leg of the last 16 .
“ This was the best performance I 've been part of since coming to PSG , ” said midfielder Blaise Matuidi , one of QSI 's first signings after its takeover in June 2011 .
In the years since the new ownership came in , PSG has pumped hundreds of millions of euros ( dollars ) into acquiring big-name coaches and big-name players , including Thiago Silva , Edinson Cavani , Angel Di Maria and Julian Draxler .
QSI also launched an advertising campaign with the motto “ Revons Plus Grand , ” French for “ Let 's Dream Bigger . ”
It has n't always worked out , though .
In the past four seasons , PSG has dominated in France but has failed to reach even the semifinals of the Champions League . Twice the team lost to Barcelona , in 2013 and '15 , in the quarterfinals and then again last year to Manchester City .
The result of European frustration has led to swift and ruthless change , with coach Laurent Blanc fired in the offseason despite winning back-to-back domestic trebles .
Their successor , Unai Emery , was hand-picked by PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi , who liked what they saw in the Sevilla side that Emery guided to three straight Europa League titles .
That team played with passion , total commitment and relentless energy , and the Spanish coach has allied those qualities to a PSG team with considerably more individual talent than Sevilla .
After a difficult start , their methods are working well .
___
NO IBRA , MORE TEAMWORK
Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's departure to Manchester United before the season left a huge void — one that PSG has filled with more teamwork .
When Ibrahimovic played , everything revolved around him . They were given such freedom by then-coach Carlo Ancelotti and by Blanc that they roamed wherever they wanted .
While the Swede was a prolific scorer , the loose way they played often unbalanced PSG and made the side predictable against better European opposition .
With the unselfish Edinson Cavani as the main striker , PSG is much harder working . And Cavani has stepped up with 34 goals this season .
Ibrahimovic also hardly ever defended , while Cavani tracks back to support their teammates .
___
EMERY 'S TACTICS
The team Emery picked against Barcelona was brave and innovative .
They dropped Brazilian winger Lucas , one of their best players , and recalled the inconsistent Angel Di Maria — who scored twice .
But it was Emery 's midfield formation that really caught the eye and earmarked them as a clever strategist .
Switching from the 4-3-3 formation they usually deploy , Emery went for a 4-2-3-1 with Adrien Rabiot and Marco Verratti as the holding pair and with Blaise Matuidi pushing up almost as a playmaker .
Matuidi is usually either a holding or a wide midfielder , but Emery used them as a thrusting spearhead where their relentless energy and ability to time late runs behind the defense caused havoc .
___
HOMEGROWN TALENT
As the final whistle blew at Parc des Princes , three homegrown PSG players joined in the celebrations .
Center back Presnel Kimpembe had marked Barcelona star Lionel Messi out of the game and Adrien Rabiot had won their midfield battle against Sergio Busquets . Midfielder Christopher Nkunku came on for the last 20 minutes .
Kempembe and Rabiot are both 21 , while Nkunku is 19 . All three grew up in the Paris region and came through the club 's youth ranks .
While Ancelotti and Blanc rarely trusted homegrown players , offloading central defender Mamadou Sakho to Liverpool and winger Kingsley Coman to Juventus , Emery has great faith in them .
Kimpembe is an athletic defender who reads the game well and is strong in the air . The graceful Rabiot has great composure on the ball , a dangerous shot from outside the box and is a perceptive passer .
Homegrown players also give the club a stronger local identity because fans feel like they 're watching one of their own , rather than only imported stars .
___
KEEPING VERRATTI
The diminutive Marco Verratti is the heartbeat of the side and PSG has done well to keep him , despite interest from Real Madrid .
The 24-year-old Italy midfielder is a great organizer and sets the tempo for PSG 's game with quick-thinking and crisp passing .
They have an excellent passing range , whether short or long , and they regularly create chances with their defense-splitting passes .
All they need to add now is goals , with only five in 185 games since joining from Italian side Pescara five years ago .
All donations in the US and Canada are tax deductible .
To make a secure donation by credit or debit card . Please choose your location , or select PayPal .
Kenilworth was among the many places across the country to be covered with several inches of snow on Sunday ( December 10 ) , and residents made the most of it .
Plenty of snowmen popped up around the town , and Abbey Fields was the place for many families to try out their sledging skills .
Some of Kenilworth 's creations even made it to national news - a snowman , polar bear and dog were featured on BBC Breakfast 's weather forecast at 6.30am today ( Monday December 11 ) .
The weather has also forced several of Kenilworth 's schools to close today .
Could this be Kenilworth 's largest snowman ? Photo : Nic Erskine
A polar bear , snowman and snowdog watching on - the photo made BBC Breakfast 's weather forecast this morning . Photo : Fraser Pithie
Dalehouse Lane looking very wintry . Photo : Fraser Pithie
A few brave drivers tried passing the A46 yesterday . This is the view from the Stoneleigh junction . Photo : Fraser Pithie
Burton Green could n't avoid the snow either . Photo : Fraser Pithie
Leicester 's Gatehouse at Kenilworth Castle . Photo : Simon Beaumont
The owner of an old sports car having a bit of fun by Abbey Fields . Photo : Craig McDougall
The snow coming down with Kenilworth Castle in the background . Photo : Steven Barnett
Marines assigned to Detachment 3 of 2D Civil Affairs Group ( 2D CAG ) complete night operations training in the vicinity of Camp Upshur on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11 , 2017 . During this portion of training , the Detachment , commanded by Major Andrew Bauer , familiarized the Marines with their night vision equipment over the course of a patrol .
2D CAG 's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12 , completing training in convoy operations , key leader engagements , clinic assessment and medical capability , interpreter interaction and usage , night operations , patrolling , and cultural familiarization .
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group ( FHG ) . 2D CAG , along with its sister units of 1st , 3D , and 4th CAG , provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander 's objectives . 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force ( II MEF ) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade ( II MEB ) , as well as those commands ' subordinate units .
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.11.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID : 3166744 VIRIN : 160401-A-AB123-0101 Resolution : 480x640 Size : 66.7 KB Location : MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO , VA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [ Image 1 of 14 ] , by CPT Thomas Garnett , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
French President Emmanuel Macron got a rousing welcome Saturday from tens of thousands as they visited the historic city of Saint-Louis , Senegal 's former capital , and announced an aid package of 40 million euros for the UNESCO World Heritage site which is threatened by coastal erosion from the Atlantic Ocean .
Senegal 's second city was founded in 1659 and was the capital of the west African nation until 1957 . It also served as the capital of French West Africa , as it was then known , between 1895 and 1902 .
Macron pledged 15 million euros ( $ 18.6 million ) to fight coastal erosion in the sleepy city , known for its beautifully coloured buildings and colonial facades .
This will top up a 24-million-euro ( $ 29.9-million ) package from the World Bank to stem the ocean 's advance .
The French leader also separately pledged 25 million euros ( $ 31 million ) to preserve and renovate local landmarks , including the cathedral and colonial-era mansions .
Crowds thronged the city centre to cheer Macron and their wife , who flew into the city from the capital Dakar with their host , President Macky Sall and their spouse .
– ‘ Africa 's Venice ' fading –
They sang songs of welcome and held up portraits of the two leaders and the first ladies . Some held the French tricolour and the Senegalese flag .
Macron and Sall waved to the crowd as they slowly drove into the city centre in an open-top limousine . Macron then walked around the Place Faidherbe , named after one of the most famous French colonial governors from the end of the 19th century .
Once known as “ Africa 's Venice ” , some of the finest examples of Saint-Louis ' architecture are crumbling .
About 200 families have already lost their homes , several during the height of the storms of Senegal 's rainy season in September .
The neighbourhoods worst-hit are mostly inhabited by fishermen living on the “ Langue de Barbarie ” , a thin sandbank that protrudes to the surface between the ocean and the river .
Flood defence mechanisms have worsened the problem in the area , as well as making the river water salty , and debate is open over the potentially enormous costs of re-engineering the defences .
Macron said the French development agency AFD would unblock 15 million euros so that walls could be built within a year to protect the inhabitants of the Langue de Barbarie .
World Bank president Jim Yong Kim meanwhile unveiled a $ 30 million ( 24 million euros ) programme to relocate 900 families , or about 10,000 people living in the most vulnerable areas .
“ They have to leave , we can not stop the sea , ” Laurence Hart , the head of AFD in Senegal , told AFP .
Saint-Louis ' fortunes began to decline as access to its port became difficult in the age of the steamship and the completion of the Dakar-Saint-Louis railroad in 1885 meant that up-country trade effectively circumvented its port .
After Senegal gained independence in 1960 , Dakar became the capital and Saint-Louis slipped into a state of lethargy .
As its French population and military departed , many shops , offices and businesses closed . But it still draws hordes of tourists and is known for its international jazz festival which takes place in May .
-AFP
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ( MBS ) defended their anti-corruption crackdown as “ extremely necessary ” in an interview with Norah O'Donnell of CBS News ' 60 Minutes on Sunday .
“ All actions taken were in accordance with existing and published laws , ” Prince Mohammed insisted , doubtless well aware of allegations to the contrary .
Asked whether the crackdown was just a “ power grab , ” MBS replied , “ If I have the power and the king has the power to take action against influential people , then you are already fundamentally strong . These are naïve accusations . ”
The Crown Prince agreed with reports that over $ 100 billion was collected by the Saudi government in settlements with detainees but insisted the crackdown was not about clawing back money .
“ The idea is not to get money , but to punish the corrupt and send a clear signal that whoever engages in corrupt deals will face the law , ” they said .
“ Is this also about sending a message that , as we say in America , there 's a new sheriff in town ? ” O'Donnell asked .
“ Absolutely . Absolutely , ” they said .
MBS was unapologetic about their own extravagant lifestyle .
“ I 'm a rich person and not a poor person . I 'm not Gandhi or Mandela , ” they said . “ I 'm a member of the ruling family that existed for hundreds of years before the founding of Saudi Arabia . We own very large lots of land , and my personal life is the same as it was 10 or 20 years ago . But what I do as a person is to spend part of my personal income on charity . I spend at least 51 percent on people and 49 on myself . ”
60 Minutes noted that Crown Prince Mohammed 's anti-corruption crackdown has been strongly supported by its highest-profile target , Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , and by top MBS adviser Mohammed al-Sheikh , who estimated that up to 10 percent of the Saudi government 's annual spending was simply “ disappearing ” into corruption .
Aside from their remarks on the anti-corruption crackdown , the most interesting part of MBS ' interview came when they described Saudis as “ victims ” of the 1979 Islamist revolution in Iran and the extremist occupation of the Grand Mosque in Mecca . They portrayed their cultural reforms as an effort to return to what Saudi Arabia was like forty years ago .
“ We were living a very normal life like the rest of the Gulf countries . Women were driving cars . There were movie theaters in Saudi Arabia . Women worked everywhere . We were just normal people developing like any other country in the world until the events of 1979 , ” they said .
The Crown Prince will arrive in Washington to meet with President Donald Trump on Tuesday .
