One person died in a multi-vehicle collision on Lakeville Highway in Petaluma this morning , a REDCOM fire and emergency center dispatcher said.The collision was reported at 7:15 a.m. , the dispatcher said.Lakeville Highway between Browns Lane and the South McDowellBoulevard extension are closed and side roads in the area are blocked , according to the California Highway Patrol .
Comment :
Name :
LEXINGTON , Ky. ( AP ) - An explosion damaged a UPS freight hub Wednesday morning in Kentucky 's second-largest city , sending multiple people to the hospital in what fire officials described as an accidental blast .
Lexington Battalion Chief Jason Wells said a truck and trailer with an acetylene tank exploded in the building , news outlets reported . The cause of the explosion was not yet known , but the blast was n't suspicious .
`` Nothing leads us to believe this is anything other than an accidental explosion , '' the fire department tweeted .
The building on Blue Sky Parkway sustained significant damage , which was visible in the back of the building . The facility had been evacuated and everyone was accounted for , fire officials said .
Eight people received medical attention following the blast , Wells said . Two people taken to the hospital suffered from burns and possible concussions , and six others in the vicinity of the explosion were taken to the hospital for observation as a precaution , Wells said . Fire officials initially said about a dozen people received medical attention .
Lexington fire department spokesperson Jessica Bowman said the building 's structural stability was being checked as part of an effort to determine what happened and how .
Businesses near the site reported a loud explosion shortly before 8 a.m. EDT . Emergency crews rushed to the scene and restricted access to the area .
The blast was felt inside other buildings .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Of Guatemala 's 14 million inhabitants , approximately half have indigenous roots , including Maya , Garifuna and Xinca peoples . Throughout the centuries , indigenous communities have endured much turmoil , from the Spanish conquest to a 36-year civil war that resulted in more than 200,000 deaths where more than 80 percent of those were Mayan , according to a U.N.–based report .
But what 's remarkable is that despite violence and death , these communities ' ancient practices have prevailed .
A visually stunning new book details one of the Maya 's most enduring traditions , their healers .
“ I was privileged to be allowed to photograph the healings , to listen to their stories and dreams , and to enter the forest with them to photograph Maya ceremonies performed at sacred sites , '' said award-winning photographer Fran Antmann , author of the recently published `` Maya Healers : A Thousand Dreams . ''
Pedro Mendoza tries to walk again with the help of their mother and brother . After a work-related accident , Pedro 's broken leg was healed over several weeks by healer and bonesetter Berta Navichoc . Fran Antmann
Antmann , who is known internationally for their several books and photography collections , said they chose the word `` dreams '' in the title not just because it 's poetic , but because it 's a big part of understanding their centuries-old practices .
“ The healers ( curanderos ) are said to derive their power and knowledge from dreams , ” they said . “ The healers are believed to have connections with the supernatural . ”
Antmann focused their research in a village called San Pedro La Laguna on the shores of Lake Atitlán .
In rural parts of Guatemala , medical care is usually expensive and geographically inaccessible . Spanish is also sometimes a foreign language to the indigenous population , and many feel disdain from doctors . This explains , Antmann said , why it is more comforting for members of some indigenous communities to go to their local healer .
Healers are determined at birth , and it is believed that individuals are born with this “ don , ” or gift . It 's considered a sacred profession , and one decides to accept it or not . They do n't go to medical school , nor do they get paid .
Healers who use objects to realign the bones , and then their hands to finish the treatment are called “ hueseros ” or “ bonesetters. ” They feel like they do n't even guide their hands to heal , explains Antmann , their hands guide them .
Healer , bonesetter and midwife Josefina Vasquez , photographed by Fran Antmann during a healing . Fran Antmann
“ The bonesetters often describe how they found through dreams the sacred bones they use for healing , ” said Antmann . “ For the Maya , the place and role of dreams is ingrained in their culture . ”
Antmann was impressed by the faith of the patient and the healer .
“ The healing takes place where the patient lives , or sometimes in their sacred Maya spaces , ” said Antmann . “ The whole family is involved – it 's a communal affair . Family members are praying in the adjacent room , and their participation is integral in the healing process . ”
Fran Antmann 's book `` Maya Healers '' Nirala Publications
The Maya 's rich traditions has survived much upheaval and violence since the arrival of the Spanish in the fifteenth century .
For Antmann , who was born in the Bronx , New York to German and Austrian Holocaust survivors , it 's been a privilege to be able to witness the Mayan way of life .
“ I feel an umbilical cord to Guatemala , ” Antmann said , adding that their adoptive daughter is from San Pedro .
As a Fulbright scholar , they spent 1979 through 1981 in the Peruvian Andes recovering the work of the late acclaimed but forgotten photographer Sebastian Rodriguez . A current professor at Baruch College in NYC , they spent the past 12 summers in Guatemala . Though they have recently focused on Guatemala , they have devoted much of their award-winning photography to documenting the people and places of Mexico and Peru .
A view of Lake Atitlan , which as Antmann explains in their book , is threatened by pollution and overpopulation . Fran Antmann
“ What is most significant to me is the way I was accepted into this community , and how I gradually gained access to and built a bridge of trust to the families and natural healers , ” said Antmann .
Another important part of this long trajectory was the experience of going back to San Pedro with the book in hand , sharing it with the healers , and seeing how much it meant to them , '' they said . `` I ca n't think of anything more gratifying for a photographer working in another culture . ”
FOLLOW NBC LATINO ON FACEBOOK , TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM .
Final push for Moore and Jones in Alabama Senate race
HUNTSVILLE , Ala. ( AP ) — Alabama Democrats see Tuesday 's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting , bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state 's reputation beyond its borders .
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump 's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections .
At the centre are Republican Roy Moore , a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago , and Democrat Doug Jones , an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham 's 16th Street Baptist Church .
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump 's attorney general , Jeff Sessions . Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats .
In truth , the matchup mixes both Alabama 's tortured history and the nation 's current divisive , bitterly partisan politics , and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections .
——
Myanmar military 's rape of Rohingya sweeping , methodical
UKHIA , Bangladesh ( AP ) — The soldiers arrived , as they often did , long after sunset .
It was June , and the newlyweds were asleep in their home , surrounded by the fields of wheat they farmed in western Myanmar . Without warning , seven soldiers burst into the house and charged into their bedroom .
The woman , a Rohingya Muslim who agreed to be identified by their first initial , F , knew enough to be terrified . They knew the military had been attacking Rohingya villages , as part of what the United Nations has called ethnic cleansing in the mostly Buddhist nation . They heard just days before that soldiers had killed their parents , and that their brother was missing .
This time , F says , the soldiers had come for them
The men bound their husband with rope . They ripped the scarf from their head and tied it around their mouth .
——
21 Rohingya women recount rape by Myanmar armed forces
UKHIA , Bangladesh ( AP ) — The use of rape by Myanmar 's armed forces has been sweeping and methodical , The Associated Press found in interviews with 29 Rohingya Muslim women and girls now in Bangladesh .
They were interviewed separately , come from a variety of villages in Myanmar and now live spread across several refugee camps in Bangladesh . Yet their stories were hauntingly similar . The military has denied its soldiers raped any Rohingya women .
Here are the accounts as told by 21 women and girls . They agreed to be identified in this story by their first initial only , out of fear the military will kill them or their families .
——
They Are ONLY 13
——
Start the clock for Trump , GOP in last push on taxes , budget
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress .
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation 's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama 's health care law this past summer . Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year 's midterms elections are watching .
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown . An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico , Texas and Florida need to be addressed . And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally .
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22 .
A look at the crowded agenda :
——
Will misconduct scandals make men wary of women at work ?
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Some women , and men , worry the same climate that 's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues .
Forget private meetings and get-to-know-you dinners . Beware of banter . Think twice before a high-ranking man mentors a young female staffer .
“ I have already heard the rumblings of a backlash : ‘ This is why you should n't hire women , ” ‘ Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a recent post .
“ So much good is happening to fix workplaces right now . Let 's make sure it does not have the unintended consequence of holding women back , ” said Sandberg , author of the working women 's manifesto “ Lean In . ”
Ana Quincoces , a Miami-based attorney and entrepreneur who owns their own food line , says their business and its success involves working mostly with men , and sales and other activities are often concluded over lunch or drinks . Those opportunities , they say , are dwindling , because many of the men they know through their business “ are terrified . ”
——
Firefighters brace for second week of California wildfires
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames , fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts , no rain and decades-old dry vegetation .
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday , as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles . New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria , seaside areas in Santa Barbara County .
“ The winds are kind of squirrely right now , ” said county fire spokesperson Mike Eliason . “ Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air , and others it 's blowing sideways . Depends on what canyon we 're in . ”
Southern California 's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region 's most disastrous wildfires . They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean , speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons .
Gusts of up to 40 mph ( 64 kph ) are expected through Monday , according to the National Weather Service .
——
Bitcoin futures rise as virtual currency hits major exchange
CHICAGO ( AP ) — The first-ever bitcoin future jumped after it began trading Sunday as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on a major U.S. exchange .
The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $ 3,000 to $ 18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange . The contract opened at $ 15,000 , according to data from the CBOE .
The CBOE futures do n't involve actual bitcoin . They 're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini , one of the larger bitcoin exchanges .
The start of trading at 5 p.m. CST overwhelmed the CBOE website . “ Due to heavy traffic on our website , visitors to http : //www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable , ” the exchange said in a statement . But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted .
Another large futures exchange , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges .
——
Nominations for 75th annual Golden Globes coming Monday
NEW YORK ( AP ) — When nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards are announced Monday morning , the shadow of sexual misconduct scandals will be hard to avoid .
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. EST . A second batch of nominees will follow live on NBC 's “ Today ” show , where less than two weeks earlier , longtime host Matt Lauer was fired following multiple allegations of sexual misconduct .
Lauer was just the latest media figure to be toppled by the ongoing revelations that have followed the ouster of former Weinstein Co. co-chairperson Harvey Weinstein , along with many others , including Kevin Spacey . As a co-star in Ridley Scott 's upcoming “ All the Money in the World , ” Spacey — whose performance has been removed in reshoots — might have once expected to hear theirs named among Monday 's best supporting actor nominees .
Amazon 's “ Transparent ” and star Jeffrey Tambor have also been regular Globes nominees , and could be again Monday for the show 's fourth season . Two women have come forward in the past month to accuse Tambor of sexual harassment , including “ Transparent ” actor Trace Lysette and their former assistant . Tambor has said “ the idea that I would deliberately harass anyone is simply and utterly untrue . ”
The Globes will be the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood 's awards season to confront the post-Weinstein landscape . Presented and chosen by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , their deliberations are n't representative of the larger industry . The HFPA is composed of approximately 90 largely unknown international journalists .
——
Russia 's Putin stops at Russian military base in Syria
MOSCOW ( AP ) — Russian President Vladimir Putin visited a Russian military air base in Syria on Monday and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the country .
Putin made a stopover at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria 's coastal province of Latakia while en route to Egypt .
The base , in the heartland of Syrian President Bashar Assad 's Alawite minority , has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria .
Speaking to the Russian troops at the base , Putin said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a “ significant part ” of the Russian contingent in Syria . They added in remarks carried by Russian news agencies that “ if the terrorists again raise their heads , we will deal such blows to them they have never seen . ”
Meanwhile , Syrian state TV said that Ashar Assad met up with Putin at the air base in Syria earlier in the morning . The Russian military has said previously that they will maintain their presence at the Hemeimeem air base and the naval facility in Tartus .
——
Steelers lock up AFC North with 39-38 win over Ravens
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) — Ryan Shazier was everywhere . Their helmet rested on the Pittsburgh Steelers ' bench . Their jersey too . Their face and # Shalieve stitched on specially-designed cleats . Their familiar No . 50 printed in white in the middle of a gold circle on T-shirts worn by teammates searching for a way to let Shazier know they are never far from their mind as they recover from a spinal injury that put the linebacker 's blossoming career in jeopardy .
Shazier may never play football again . That does n't make them any less of a Steeler . And the men who have taken so much from them over the last three-plus years decided it was time they gave them something back in return : the AFC North title they ordered them to lock down without him .
Chris Boswell made a 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds left and Pittsburgh 's defence overcame a shaky night without their most dynamic player to shut down Baltimore 's last-gasp drive and hold on for a 39-38 victory on Sunday night to capture their third division title in the last four years .
“ We are riding with that guy , ” head coach Mike Tomlin said of Shazier . “ He is strong . They are strengthening us . ”
Looked like it .
Liberty Gratz is deaf and has vision loss .
That has n't stopped them from working at Publix . But on the afternoon of April 22 , they had an interaction with a customer that will stay with them
Gratz was kneeling down to arrange items on a lower shelf , when a customer hit them
`` All of a sudden , I felt some woman hit me in my back , '' Liberty said , through their mother Jeanette Gratz 's interpreting , according to CBS 17 .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Gratz could n't hear the woman asking where to find an item in the store , so the woman became violent , their mother told The News & Observer on April 24 .
`` At this point Liberty was stunned , but turned and told the lady they could n't hear by pointing to their ear and shaking their head no , '' Jeanette said . `` She handed the lady a pen and paper so they could tell them what they needed , then showed them where it was . They said the lady still acted and looked angry while they were helping her . ''
Publix was supportive and management searched security footage , but no one could determine the identity of the woman who hit Gratz .
`` They kept looking again and again and again , but you could n't see because there were so many people blocking the camera , '' Liberty signed while their mother interpreted for CBS17 . `` It was hard for me to really see their face to make sure it was the right person . ''
Gratz normally communicates with customers using paper and a pen . But their vision loss means they do n't always see people next to her , or in their periphery .
`` How would you feel if you were working and someone just came up behind you and decided to punch you ? '' Jeanette Gratz said .
Gratz and their brother , Triton , are 21-year-old twins who were born deaf and had vision issues . The twins have Usher Syndrome — the most common genetic cause of combined deafness and blindness , according to a GoFundMe campaign for the family .
Gratz and their brother use American Sign Language with family and friends .
Gratz was diagnosed with Usher Syndrome and Retinitis Pigmentosa — the disease responsible for their blindness . Retinitis Pigmentosa is a genetic disease that causes slow , but permanent vision loss .
They already have night blindness and other symptoms . Triton also was scheduled to be tested for RP .
`` This diagnoses has sucked the air right out of this family , '' the GoFundMe said . `` They are scared , angry , sad and confused . They are glad to finally have a diagnosis , but now they are trying to figure out those next steps , and the things they will need to learn to make sure Liberty ( and Triton if diagnosed ) has the best life possible despite the circumstances . ''
The GoFundMe was set up to raise money for medical and travel costs and for Gratz to go to Disney World and do other traveling before they go blind .
As of April 24 , the GoFundMe had raised more than $ 5,000 .
Jeanette said they would pray for the person who struck them daughter .
`` Whoever it is , they 've been prayed for , '' they said . `` I will continue to pray for them , and I hope that things get better in their life so they can be better to other people . ''
MILAN — Former President Barack Obama gave their first speech abroad since leaving office and addressed the dangers of climate change — and joked about the lighter side of their post-presidential life .
During a Q & A with former White House chef Sam Kass , Obama was asked what they do n't miss about the White House .
Obama said the list was long , but at the top of it was the isolation of being president .
“ You live in what 's called ‘ the bubble , ' ” Obama said . `` And it is a very nice prison . So you do n't have the freedom of movement to just take a walk or to sit at a café . ”
`` Now I am only captive to selfies , which is almost as bad , '' they said .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Obama Speaks About What They Do n't Miss About the White House 1:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“ I can walk anywhere as long as I 'm willing to take a selfie every two steps , ” Obama joked .
Obama was in Milan on Tuesday , at the Seeds and Chips Global Food Innovation Summit to discuss the dangers of climate change , and warned that the issue would “ define the contours of the century more than others . ”
On the same day Obama spoke about the threat of climate change , conservative groups urged President Donald Trump to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson also delayed a meeting on the subject for a second time late Monday , according to the Associated Press .
Still , the former president urged the international community to take the issue seriously .
“ Over my years in office we acted dramatically to curtail dirty energy . In Paris we helped to lead the world to the first significant global agreement for a low carbon future , ” Obama said . “ But even if every country puts a break on emissions that exists today , climate change will still have an impact on the world we live in today . ”
Obama made the connection between climate change and changes with food production and consumption across the globe .
Seeds and Chips , the organization hosting the summit intended to highlight global food innovation , focuses on revolutionary ways to produce food . The organization seeks to change the ways in which food is produced , processed , distributed , communicated and consumed , according to its website .
“ The good news is that because of the work of many of you , the innovations you are already investing in , we 're starting to see a better way to feed a growing planet , combat hunger and malnutrition , put healthy food on the table , save our environment , and none of this is impossible , ” Obama told the crowd .
Barack Obama attends the Seeds and Chips - Global Food Innovation summit DANIEL DAL ZENNARO / EPA
Although they never mentioned Trump by name , Obama acknowledged the current president is leading the country in a different direction when it comes to the planet warming .
Despite the differences between the two presidents , Obama was optimistic that they laid the groundwork to help the United States eventually reduce emissions .
“ Obviously , the current administration has differences with my administration in terms of energy policy , and that 's part of what happens in democracy , ” Obama said . “ The good news is , in part because of what we did over the last eight years , the private sector has already made a determination that our future is in clean energy . ”
Claudio Lavanga reported from Milan , Kalhan Rosenblatt from New York .
Why it matters to you The 2017 World Press Photo Competition winners are n't just impressive to look at -- they represent some of the biggest moments from the past year .
On Monday , the World Press Photo Foundation announced the winners of the annual photo contest — and the gallery contains both some of the best images of the year and some of the worst moments . The jury selected Burhan Ozbilici 's photograph from just moments after a 22-year-old assassinated the Russian ambassador to Turkey , Andrey Karlov , as the Photo of the Year .
The World Press Photo contest highlights images that are n't just artistically significant but culturally represent issues and events from the past year and Ozbilici 's image captured a difficult moment in an incredible way , according to the panel of judges . Ozbilici shot the photo while covering the art exhibition in Turkey that took an unexpected turn on December 19 , 2016 .
More : World Press Photo Foundation to expand photojournalism programs for 2017
The image shows Mevlüt Mert Altıntaş wielding a gun and yelling just moments after the assassination . Altintas , an off-duty police officer , wounded three others before being killed in the resulting shootout .
“ It was a very , very difficult decision , but in the end we felt that the picture of the year was an explosive image that really spoke to the hatred of our times , ” said jury member Mary F. Calvert . “ Every time it came on the screen you almost had to move back because it 's such an explosive image and we really felt that it epitomizes the definition of what the World Press Photo of the Year is and means . ”
Ozbilici , a staff photographer for the Associated Press in Istanbul , also received first place in the Spot News Series category for the set of images they took from the assassination .
“ Right now I see the world marching towards the edge of an abyss . This is a man who has clearly reached a breaking point and their statement is to assassinate someone who they really blames , a country that they blame , for what is going on elsewhere in the region . I feel that what is happening in Europe , what is happening in America , what is happening in the Far East , Middle East , Syria , and this image to me talks of it . It is the face of hatred , ” said jury member João Silva .
Along with selecting the photo of the year , the contest also named several category winners from people to nature , picking 45 category winners . Each category was divided into both single images and an image series .
Over 5,000 photographers from 125 countries entered the 2017 contest . The panel of judges viewed 80,408 images for the contest . To view all 45 winners , visit the World Press Photo gallery .
Woodlands County Council moved to allocate $ 8,700 in the 2018 budget for more services to Blue Ridge facilities , including the new library and change room .
Council also directed administration to negotiate an agreement between the Blue Ridge Community League and the County during its regular meeting on Dec. 5 . These new services will be provided through the creation of a new caretaker job and include cleaning the library and change room , shovelling the sidewalks and maintaining the skating rink .
`` We went ahead with it , '' Woodlands County Mayor Jim Rennie said , emphasizing the good relationship between the County and community league .
Council initially deferred the decision during its regular meeting on Nov. 21 . Rennie said this was done so the community league could provide council with a task list detailing all the necessary duties for maintaining these facilities .
`` It clarified ( the situation ) . There was n't even a question from council , '' they said .
Career Exposure Boot Camps considered for more funding
Council considered if the second annual Career Exposure Boot Camps should receive increased funding for 2018 .
These boot camps allow local students to explore career options . Northern Gateway Public Schools ( NGPS ) superintendent Kevin Andrea had sent a letter beforehand asking for $ 8,500 to fund the program .
`` Last year , it was the same request , '' Rennie said , explaining that the County had given $ 5,000 instead .
However , Rennie added that NGPS would provide council with a presentation in January 2018 to explain why it needs the requested funding .
`` We can decide after that point , '' they said .
Public session held
Council held a public session regarding a development permit for a new gravel pit on Dec. 6 . Rennie said no one spoke for or against the development .
pshokeir @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ PeterShokeir
Church warden dupes member of N18.5 million
The Ogun State Police Command has arrested a church warden identified as , Olabanji Oguntayo , at the Saviour Anglican Church in Abeokuta . for allegedly duping a business person of N18.5 million . They allegedly took over some landed property of the victim , Jacob Erinle , ‎and sold them without remittance of the sales . The arrest of the suspect …
The post Church warden dupes member of N18.5 million appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Hollywood Hits Self-Destruct Mode In Reaction To Harvey Sexual Harassment Allegations
Ahhh , Hollywood . Full of the most liberal people the country has to offer . They preach about how much they care for women and how everything in the world is sexist until they deem otherwise . They support Planned Parenthood and “ women 's rights , ” and yet a shocking number of those in Hollywood seem to have a penchant for victimizing women .
These incidences are largely ignored unless they become public knowledge . Then it is the worst thing to ever happen and this person needs to be blacklisted from ever working in the business again . Funny , is n't it ?
Democratic donor and Hollywood super-producer Harvey Weinstein was exposed as being a serial sexual harasser by the New York Times , and now those they once cavorted with and even cast in their films are turning against him , attempting to purge them from their industry .
Rose McGowan , who starred in “ Scream ” in 1996 and won a sexual harassment lawsuit against Weinstein , was one of the first to issue a tweet about the incident .
Anyone who does business with __ is complicit . And deep down you know you are even dirtier . Cleanse yourselves . — rose mcgowan ( @ rosemcgowan ) October 5 , 2017
Once it caught on that this story was n't just bad for Weinstein , but anyone who associated with them over the years as well as currently , more in Hollywood began calling them out .
Heed the mantra and never forget : Women . Have . Nothing . To . Gain . And . Everything . To Lose . By . Coming . forward . https : //t.co/ynKX1bcBkK — Amber Tamblyn ( @ ambertamblyn ) October 5 , 2017
As always , I stand with the brave survivors of sexual assault and harassment . It 's not your fault . I believe you . — Brie Larson ( @ brielarson ) October 5 , 2017
When people are constantly making payouts over many decades it is usually because they have a pattern of abuse . https : //t.co/mTKwaPZ53O × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins 's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life . Gleaned from a lifetime of trial , error , and writing it down , Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short , digestible chapters . Buy Now — Judd Apatow ( @ JuddApatow ) October 5 , 2017
Very brave of @ ashleyjudd to tell their story of harassment by Harvey Weinstein to the NYT . No upside except making the world a better place . — Jake Tapper ( @ jaketapper ) October 5 , 2017
The woman who chose to speak about their experience of harassment by Harvey Weinstein deserve our awe . It 's not fun or easy . It 's brave . — Lena Dunham ( @ lenadunham ) October 5 , 2017
And then Weinstein decided to start making excuses for their behavior , and it only made things worse . They cited “ growing up in the 60s and 70s ” were they claim “ all the rules about behavior and workplaces here different . ”
Wow . Harvey Weinstein is a psychopath . pic.twitter.com/V5ee1Cpz7W — John Podhoretz ( @ jpodhoretz ) October 5 , 2017
While I blame Hollywood for a lot , and will continue to do so when it is well deserved , it is nice to know that they are willing to stand up and do the right thing , even if it was in response to other women doing the same thing .
Weinstein is a predator and over the years , they have been forced to pay off eight women who took them to court over their sexually inappropriate behavior . This is n't about the decades in which they grew up , this is about them repeatedly victimizing women who they found attractive , regardless of whether they cared for them in the same way .
They are a disgusting pig , and it 's no surprise that they were a big Democrat donor , and even threw a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton . Birds of a feather flock together , you know .
Let 's hope that the Democrats and those in Hollywood learn to be more careful about with people with whom they associate . They do n't need any more bad publicity .
John Halpin 's top daily fantasy baseball plays , best bargains and DFS must haves for April 17 .
More Fantasy Videos Fantasy Baseball 's Best and Worst of Week 1 Fantasy Baseball Injury Report and Waiver Wire Targets Buxton , Blisters & Bullpens : FOX Fantasy 3 Things To Watch FOX Sports Daily Fantasy Baseball Advice and Strategy Fantasy Baseball Headlines : Matz likely to DL , J.D . Martinez on DL & more NFL Free Agency Fantasy Football Impact : AFC North More Fantasy Videos
FOX Fantasy Auto Form a Racing Team , Compete for Prizes
Play Now !
Two Salisbury Volunteer Fire Companies will no longer get funding from Wicomico County . The county had been giving Fire Stations 2 and 16 about $ 120,000 each year , but they no longer will get those funds . The money was used for volunteer training and services throughout the city . Training levels may be reduced now to make up for the lost money . The stations plan to meet with the city to discuss the issue .
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
If Isaac Newton suddenly popped out of a time machine , he 'd be delighted to see how far physics had come . Things that were deeply mysterious a few centuries ago are now taught in first-year student physics classes ( the composition of stars is one good example ) .
Newton would be stunned to see enormous experiments like the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) in Switzerland — and possibly perturbed to learn that their theory of gravity had been superseded by one dreamed up by some fellow named Einstein . Quantum mechanics would probably strike them as bizarre , though today 's scientists feel the same way .
But once they were up to speed , Newton would no doubt applaud what modern physics has achieved — from the discovery of the nature of light in the 19th Century to determining the structure of the atom in the 20th Century to last year 's discovery of gravitational waves . And yet physicists today are the first to admit they do n't have all the answers . “ There are basic facts about the universe that we 're ignorant of , ” says Dr. Daniel Whiteson , a University of California physicist and the co-author of the new book `` We Have No Idea : A Guide to the Unknown Universe . ''
What follows is a brief tour through seven of the biggest unsolved problems in physics . ( If you 're wondering why head-scratchers like dark matter and dark energy are n't on the list , it 's because they were in our earlier story on the Five Biggest Questions about the Universe . )
1 . What is matter made of ?
We know matter is made up atoms , and atoms are made up of protons , neutrons , and electrons . And we know that protons and neutrons are made up of smaller particles known as quarks . Would probing deeper uncover particles even more fundamental ? We do n't know for sure .
We do have something called the Standard Model of particle physics , which is very good at explaining the interactions between subatomic particles . The Standard Model has also been used to predict the existence of previously unknown particles . The last particle to be found this way was the Higgs boson , which LHC researchers discovered in 2012 .
But there 's a hitch .
“ The Standard Model does n't explain everything , ” says Dr. Don Lincoln , a particle physicist at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory ( Fermilab ) near Chicago . “ It does n't explain why the Higgs boson exists . It does n't explain in detail why the Higgs boson has the mass that it does. ” In fact , the Higgs turned out to be a heck of a lot less massive than predicted — theory had held that it would be about “ a quadrillion times heavier than it is , ” says Lincoln .
One of the particle detectors in CERN 's Large Hadron Collider . Rex Features via AP
The mysteries do n't end there . Atoms are known to be electrically neutral — the positive charge of the protons is cancelled out by the negative charge of the electrons — but as to why this is so , Lincoln says , “ Nobody knows . ”
2 . Why is gravity so weird ?
No force is more familiar than gravity — it 's what keeps our feet on the ground , after all . And Einstein 's theory of general relativity gives a mathematical formulation for gravity , describing it as a “ warping ” of space . But gravity is a trillion trillion trillion times weaker than the other three known forces ( electromagnetism and the two kinds of nuclear forces that operate over tiny distances ) .
One possibility — speculative at this point — is that in addition to the three dimensions of space that we notice every day , there are hidden extra dimensions , perhaps “ curled up ” in a way that makes them impossible to detect . If these extra dimensions exist — and if gravity is able to “ leak ” into them — it could explain why gravity seems so weak to us .
“ It could be that gravity is as strong as these other forces but that it gets rapidly diluted by spilling out into these other invisible dimensions , ” says Whiteson . Some physicists hoped that experiments at the LHC would give a hint of these extra dimensions — but so far , no luck .
3 . Why does time seem to flow only in one direction ?
Since Einstein , physicists have thought of space and time as forming a four-dimensional structure known as “ spacetime. ” But space differs from time in some very fundamental ways . In space , we 're free to move about as we wish . When it comes to time , we 're stuck . We grow older , not younger . And we remember the past , but not the future . Time , unlike space , seems to have a preferred direction — physicists call it the “ arrow of time . ”
Some physicists suspect that the second law of thermodynamics provides a clue . It states that the entropy of a physical system ( roughly , the amount of disorder ) rises over time , and physicists think this increase is what gives time its direction . ( For example , a broken teacup has more entropy than an intact one — and , sure enough , smashed teacups always seem to arise after intact ones , not before . )
Entropy may be rising now because it was lower earlier , but why was it low to begin with ? Was the entropy of the universe unusually low 14 billion years ago , when the Big Bang brought it into existence ?
For some physicists , including Caltech 's Sean Carroll , that 's the missing piece of the puzzle . “ If you can tell me why the early universe had a low entropy , then I can explain the rest of it , ” they say . In Whiteson 's view , entropy is n't the whole story . “ To me , ” they say , “ the deepest part of the question is , why is time so different from space ? ” ( Recent computer simulations seem to show how the asymmetry of time might arise from the fundamental laws of physics , but the work is controversial , and the ultimate nature of time continues to stir passionate debate . )
4 . Where did all the antimatter go ?
Antimatter may be more famous in fiction than in real life . On the original Star Trek , antimatter reacts with ordinary matter to power the warp drive that propels the U.S.S . Enterprise at faster-than-light velocities . While warp drive is pure fiction , antimatter is very real . We know that for each particle of ordinary matter , it 's possible to have an identical particle with the opposite electrical charge . An antiproton is just like a proton , for example , but with a negative charge . The antiparticle corresponding to the negatively charged electron , meanwhile , is the positively charged positron .
Physicists have created antimatter in the laboratory . But when they do , they create an equal amount of matter . That suggests that the Big Bang must have created matter and antimatter in equal quantities . Yet almost everything we see around us , from the ground beneath our feet to the most remote galaxies , is made of ordinary matter .
What 's going on ? Why is there more matter than antimatter ? Our best guess is that the Big Bang somehow produced a tiny bit more matter than antimatter . “ What had to have happened early in the history of the universe — in the very moments after the Big Bang — is that for every 10 billion antimatter particles there were 10 billion and one matter particles , ” says Lincoln . “ And the matter and the antimatter annihilated the 10 billion , leaving the one . And that little ‘ one ' is the mass that makes up us . ”
But why the slight excess of matter over antimatter in the first place ? “ We really do n't understand that , ” Lincoln says . “ It 's bizarre. ” Had the initial amounts of matter and antimatter been equal , they 'd have annihilated each other completely in a burst of energy . In which case , says Lincoln , “ we would n't exist . ”
Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia , Illinois . AP file
Some answers may come when the Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment ( DUNE ) starts collecting data in 2026 . DUNE will analyze a beam of neutrinos — tiny , chargeless and nearly massless particles — fired from Fermilab to the Sanford Underground Research Facility in South Dakota , some 800 miles away . The beam will include neutrinos and antineutrinos , with the aim of seeing if they behave in the same manner — thus potentially providing a clue to nature 's matter-antimatter asymmetry .
5 . What happens in the gray zone between solid and liquid ?
Solids and liquids are well understood . But some materials act like both a liquid and a solid , making their behavior hard to predict . Sand is one example . A grain of sand is as solid as a rock , but a million grains can flow through a funnel almost like water . And highway traffic can behave in a similar way , flowing freely until it becomes blocked at some bottleneck .
A grain of sand is as solid as a rock , but a million grains can flow through a funnel almost like water . Getty Images
So a better understanding of this “ gray zone ” might have important practical applications .
“ People have been asking , under what conditions do the entire system jam up or clog ? ” says Dr. Kerstin Nordstrom , a physicist at Mount Holyoke College . “ What are the crucial parameters to avoid clogging ? ” Weirdly , an obstruction in the flow of traffic can , under certain conditions , actually reduce traffic jams . “ It 's very counterintuitive , ” they say .
6 . Can we find a unified theory of physics ?
We now have two overarching theories to explain just about every physical phenomenon : Einstein 's theory of gravity ( general relativity ) and quantum mechanics . The former is good at explaining the motion of everything from golf balls to galaxies . Quantum mechanics is equally impressive in its own domain — the realm of atoms and subatomic particles .
Trouble is , the two theories describe our world in very different terms . In quantum mechanics , events unfold against a fixed backdrop of spacetime — while in general relativity , spacetime itself is flexible . What would a quantum theory of curved space-time look like ? We do n't know , says Carroll . “ We do n't even know what it is we 're trying to quantize . ”
That has n't stopped people from trying . For decades now , string theory — which pictures matter as made up of tiny vibrating strings or loops of energy — has been touted as the best bet for producing a unified theory of physics . But some physicists prefer loop quantum gravity , in which space itself is imagined to be made of tiny loops .
Each approach has enjoyed some success — techniques developed by string theorists , in particular , are proving useful for tackling certain difficult physics problems . But neither string theory nor loop quantum gravity has been tested experimentally . For now , the long-sought “ theory of everything ” continues to elude us .
7 . How did life evolve from nonliving matter ?
For its first half-billion years , Earth was lifeless . Then life took hold , and it has thrived ever since . But how did life arise ? Before biological evolution began , scientists believe there was chemical evolution , with simple inorganic molecules reacting to form complex organic molecules , most likely in the oceans . But what kick-started this process in the first place ?
MIT physicist Dr. Jeremy England recently put forward a theory that attempts to explain the origin of life in terms of fundamental principles of physics . In this view , life is the inevitable result of rising entropy . If the theory is correct , the arrival of life “ should be as unsurprising as rocks rolling downhill , ” England told Quanta magazine in 2014 .
The idea is highly speculative . Recent computer simulations , however , may be lending support to it . The simulations show that ordinary chemical reactions ( of the sort that would have been common on the newly formed Earth ) can lead to the creation of highly structured compounds — seemingly a crucial stepping-stone on the path to living organisms .
Once life took root on our planet , some four billion years ago , it spread everywhere . But how life evolved fro non-living matter remains a mystery . Nature Picture Library/Getty Images
What makes life so hard for physicists to study ? Anything that 's alive is “ far from equilibrium , ” as a physicist would put it . In a system in equilibrium , one component is pretty much like every other , with no flow of energy in or out . ( A rock would be an example ; a box full of gas is another . ) Life is just the opposite . A plant , for example , absorbs sunlight and uses its energy to make complex sugar molecules while radiating heat back into the environment .
Understanding these complex systems “ is the great unsolved problem in physics , ” says Stephen Morris , a University of Toronto physicist . “ How do we deal with these far-from-equilibrium systems which self-organize into amazing , complex things — like life ? ”
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 How Algorithms Are Driving Us Into the Future 00:02:08
By Rami Abou-Sabe
Harry Styles stopped by Saturday Night Live this weekend for an impressive two-song musical performance and a not-so-convincing turn as fellow Brit musician Mick Jagger .
RELATED : One Direction 's Harry Styles ' Shocks Fans With Spacey Rock Ballad
Styles portrays the Rolling Stones frontman in a Family Feud parody .
The young musician teams up with Liza Minnelli ( Cecily Strong ) , Diana Ross ( Sasheer Zamata ) , and John Travolta ( Jimmy Fallon ) to take on Kristen Stewart ( Kate McKinnon ) , Gwen Stefani ( Melissa Villaseñor ) , David Blaine ( Pete Davidson ) and John Travolta ( Jimmy Fallon ) .
Styles ' Jagger is appropriately full of sexual innuendo and jittery bravado , with a healthy dose of Jagger 's signature pouty lips . While we do n't expect Styles to drop their singing career for the big screen anytime soon , the brief SNL skit is a valiant , if goofy , effort .
Customary court judges begin strike in Plateau over allowances
The Sheria , Area and Customary Courts Association of Nigeria ( SACCJAN ) in Plateau State has commenced an indefinite strike over the non-payment of their dressing allowances since 2009 .
The judges said they had to embark on the strike having given the state government a 14-day ultimatum to pay the arrears of the dressing allowances but the state government failed to address the issue .
Addressing newsmen after their congress at State High Court 4 , Jos , Chairman of the group , Ayuba Danzel , stated that the 140 judges decided to go on strike to press home their demands .
Their words : “ Since government has failed to pay us our outstanding dressing allowances for the past nine years coupled with its refusal to heed several appeals and the recent ultimatum issued by our association , we have resolved to embark on an indefinite strike from June 14 , 2017 till our demands are met . ”
They explain that they will be going to their respective offices as required , but will not hold court sittings until they were paid their outstanding dressing allowances .
Danzel lamented that government deliberately refused to pay them and alleged that they had a similar experience with workers of the state House of Assembly and judiciary staff , but refused to pay the SACCJAN judges for the past nine years .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Together , Veeam and our VCSP partners are going to drive adoption of Veeam Cloud Connect by giving away $ 200 MILLION in cloud services ( $ 1,000 per customer ) . This limited-time offer is available to all Veeam Availability Suite , Veeam Backup & Replication and Veeam Backup Essentials end-user customers with active Veeam maintenance contracts . Learn more at www.veeam.com !
This video is from the fine folks at Veeam
The highly anticipated blockbuster film `` Black Panther '' is apparently not eagerly awaited by everyone .
While fans have been buzzing about the Marvel movie 's February 16 opening , a group has been trying to organize others to flood Rotten Tomatoes with negative reviews about the film .
Using the hashtags # DCOverMarvel and # BringDownDisney , a Facebook event was set up for February 15-24 and listed as being hosted by `` Down with Disney 's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys . ''
The purpose was to `` Give Black Panther a Rotten Audience Score on Rotten Tomatoes . ''
It 's not clear how many users responded to the event before it was removed from Facebook , but some reports put the number at 3,700 .
A representative for Facebook told CNN in a statement that `` people often use Facebook to challenge ideas , institutions , and practices . ''
`` Such discussion can promote a diversity of perspectives and greater understanding , '' the statement said . `` However , we 're opposed to hate speech and bullying , and do n't allow either on our platform .
`` We want Facebook to be a space where both expression and personal safety are protected and respected , '' the statement concluded . `` That 's why we developed our Community Standards , which you can read on our site . ''
The rivalry between DC and Marvel fans is legendary , and Marvel movies have historically done better than DC ones .
But given that `` Black Panther '' has an all-black cast and the storyline includes themes of race , many saw the move as more nefarious than just a friendly rivalry .
In a statement provided to CNN , Rotten Tomatoes said it 's `` proud to have become a platform for passionate fans to debate and discuss entertainment and we take that responsibility seriously . ''
`` While we respect our fans ' diverse opinions , we do not condone hate speech , '' the statement said . `` Our team of security , network and social experts continue to closely monitor our platforms and any users who engage in such activities will be blocked from our site and their comments removed as quickly as possible . ''
So far , enthusiasm for the film does not appear to have been dampened .
According to Fandango , `` Black Panther '' has already outsold all other superhero films in pre-sale tickets .
The movie broke Fandango 's pre-sale ticket record for Marvel Cinematic Universe films in its first 24 hours , one previously held by 2016 's `` Captain America : Civil War . ''
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
In the Alabama Republican Senate race , every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump .
But in Tuesday 's primary , the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president , while it 's the incumbent , an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff , who has Trump 's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's favorite candidate .
That 's the conundrum of the Republican contest , largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore , a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice ; Sen. Luther Strange , appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions ; and Rep. Mo Brooks , who 's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president 's attacks against the Senate 's top Republican have intensified recently .
Moore has consistently polled atop the field , and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff . Their ads sound downright Trumpian , promising to `` drain the swamp '' and taking a swipe at D.C. elites .
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too . They first gained national notoriety when they refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order ; Moore themselves was then removed from their position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003 . They won election to the same post again in 2012 , but was then suspended after they ordered judges to enforce the state 's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court 's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution . They resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange .
To state observers , it 's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be their typical conservative base in the state .
`` Alabama voters supported Trump because they spoke their mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government , '' said Brent Buchanan , a GOP strategist and pollster in the state . `` Out of all the candidates , Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics . You may not agree with all of their policy or personal preferences , but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes . ''
That 's why it was so , well , strange last week when Trump tweeted out their support for Strange , saying the incumbent has their `` complete and total endorsement ! ''
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC . The very next day after endorsing Strange , Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act .
Strange has tried to prove their loyalty to the president ever since they were appointed under less than auspicious circumstances . As Alabama 's attorney general , Strange was investigating then-Gov . Robert Bentley for misuse of their office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions . Facing impeachment , Bentley eventually resigned , and the new governor , Kay Ivey , moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term .
Polling done in the wake of Trump 's surprise endorsement showed that the president 's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange . One by cygnal , Buchanan 's firm , conducted partly after the endorsement , showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables , Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit .
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday , which could be key in what 's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair .
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $ 200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange .
However , although he 's slipping in polling , Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell 's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore . He 's hitched a `` Ditch Mitch '' banner to their campaign bus in the final days , and in their closing ad they echo Trump 's frustration with McConnell 's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal .
`` McConnell and Strange are weak , but together we can be strong , '' Brooks says . `` Mr. President , is n't it time we tell McConnell and Strange , 'You 're fired ? ' ''
Ultimately , the Huntsville-area member of congress has n't had the resources the other two candidates have had , and they have n't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange . And , perhaps most damaging , they were certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year , during which they supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . McConnell 's super PAC has pointed that out in ads , saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , and Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass .
If Strange does fall short of the runoff , University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart , a longtime political observer in the state , said that 's a big problem for McConnell . And , if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff , expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange , too .
`` The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell , as the president says , has n't been successful at pushing through the president 's agenda , `` Stewart said . `` If Strange does n't make the runoff , that 's a definite blow to McConnell , '' more so than Trump .
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff , and that 's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given their surprising endorsement . Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts their muscle behind Strange later , and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump 's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator 's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost .
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though , they 'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election , even if it 's the more controversial Moore . Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones , a former U.S. attorney , though they could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr. , a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family .
If Moore is the GOP nominee , it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart , the former University of Alabama professor , said is doubtful , and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South .
`` Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here , '' Stewart said . `` I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner . ''
Merseyside Police have arrested two men on suspicion of the attempted murder of a Liverpool fan prior to Tuesday 's Champions League tie .
Reports emerged of clashes between Roma and Liverpool supporters shortly before kick-off at Anfield for the semi-final first leg .
Merseyside Police confirmed the force was investigating a `` serious assault '' of a man outside The Albert pub , which is located close to Anfield on Walton Breck Road .
The force made a social media appeal for information during the match and following the game Merseyside Police confirmed two men , aged 25 and 26 , had been arrested in connection with the incident .
The victim , a 53-year-old man believed to be a Liverpool fan , suffered a head injury and is in a critical condition in hospital .
`` We believe the victim was in Liverpool with their brother for the Liverpool v Roma semi-final and was assaulted during an altercation between Roma and Liverpool fans near to the Albert pub at about 7.35pm , '' said detective inspector Paul Speight .
`` Witnesses report that the victim was hit with a belt and then fell to the ground . Paramedics treated them at the scene and they were taken by ambulance to Walton Neurological Centre , where they are being treated for a head injury . Their condition is currently described as critical and their next of kin have been informed .
`` The place where this incident occurred is right by the ground and was heaving with fans making their way to the game . I would appeal to anyone who has any information , or mobile phone footage of the incident to contact us urgently , as information they have could be vital to our investigation . ''
A Liverpool statement confirmed the club will be in close contact with emergency services over the incident .
`` Liverpool Football Club is shocked and appalled after a Liverpool supporter was left in a critical condition having been attacked prior to the Champions League fixture against Roma , '' a club statement said .
`` Our thoughts , in the first instance , are with the victim and their family at this very traumatic time . We will be offering them our full support .
`` The club has been liaising with the emergency services since the incident occurred and will continue to do so . ''
Merseyside Police confirmed nine men were arrested for various offences before and after Liverpool 's 5-2 win .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “ activate now ” button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Half of you will love this , and half of you will hate it : An international team of scientists says its research strongly suggests that dogs are smarter than cats .
A paper accepted this week for publication in the journal Frontiers in Neuroanatomy reports that dogs ' brains have more than twice as many cortical neurons — the cells linked to thinking , planning and complex behavior — than cats ' brains do .
A pug dog at the annual Crufts dog show in Birmingham , England , in March 2011 . Oli Scarff / Getty Images
The team , working at universities and zoos around the world , counted the number of cortical neurons in eight carnivorans , a large class of mammals that have teeth and claws that allow them to eat other animals . ( That 's different from carnivores , the much larger class of all meat-eating animals , including bears , raccoons and seals . )
They found that dogs have about 530 million cortical neurons , while cats have about 250 million .
`` I believe the absolute number of neurons an animal has , especially in the cerebral cortex , determines the richness of their internal mental state and their ability to predict what is about to happen in their environment based on past experience , '' said Suzana Herculano-Houzel , an associate professor of psychology and biological sciences at Vanderbilt University , who developed the method the team used to count neurons .
The research explains why , but first , here 's another picture of an adorable dog to help it go down easier :
A dog seen dressed as Moana during the Haute Dog Howl'oween Parade on in Long Beach , California , on Oct. 29 . Chelsea Guglielmino / Getty Images file
The research accounted for physical brain size , assessing the number of cortical neurons against the size of the brain they can cram into . And it turns out that dogs have more sheer brainpower even than carnivorans with much larger actual brains — including African lions and brown bears .
Why ? The paper puts it this way : `` Large carnivorans appear to be particularly vulnerable to metabolic constraints that impose a trade-off between body size and number of cortical neurons . ''
In other words : Once a species grows beyond a certain size , the energy needed to hunt meat roughly equals the energy the species is able to consume . And because the brain uses more energy than any other organ , there 's not enough leftover energy for it to continue developing , evolutionarily speaking .
( The sweet spot appears to have been found by raccoons , which have about the same number of cortical neurons as a dog , but in a brain only the size of a cat 's , according to the research . )
“ Dogs have the biological capability of doing much more complex and flexible things with their lives than cats can . ”
`` Meat eating is largely considered a problem-solver in terms of energy , but , in retrospect , it is clear that carnivory must impose a delicate balance between how much brain and body a species can afford , '' Herculano-Houzel said .
Think about it . When was the last time you saw a seeing-eye cat or a cat trained to sniff out bombs ?
`` I 'm 100 percent a dog person , '' Herculano-Houzel said . `` But with that disclaimer , our findings mean to me that dogs have the biological capability of doing much more complex and flexible things with their lives than cats can .
`` At the least , we now have some biology that people can factor into their discussions about who 's smarter , cats or dogs . ''
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Scenes from the Capitol on a night of pomp , pageantry and politics for the State of the Union address :
___
It was n't the longest State of the Union address . That designation still goes to former President Bill Clinton .
But an hour and 20 minutes of President Donald Trump talking Tuesday was plenty long enough for House Democrats . Just before Trump finished , their leader , Rep. Nancy Pelosi , made eye contact with Rep. Joe Crowley of New York and pointed toward the back of the House chamber .
Democrats followed their lead and made an unusually quick beeline for the exits .
Earlier , Pelosi had warned House Democrats not to leave the chamber mid-speech .
Trump 's first State of the Union address clocked in at about eight minutes shorter than the final such address by Clinton .
___
They could all agree to support 12-year-old Preston Sharp and their project to plant flags on the graves of veterans . But it was a different story when President Donald Trump used that good deed to scold athletes , ahead of the Super Bowl , who kneel during the national anthem .
Members of Congress , the Cabinet , the Supreme Court and assorted guests applauded Trump 's shout-out to Preston , who noticed that not every grave was decorated with a flag at the California veterans ' cemetery where their grandfather was buried . They started collecting donations and , two years later , had decorated 23,000 graves .
`` Preston 's reverence for those who have served our nation reminds us why we salute our flag , why we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of allegiance , '' Trump said during their speech , drawing applause .
But the mood changed when the president added : `` ... and why we proudly stand for the national anthem . ''
GOP lawmakers erupted in applause . Democrats were far more muted .
Trump was a leading critic of NFL players , predominantly African-American , during last fall 's protests . Vice President Mike Pence abruptly left an Indianapolis Colts game after almost two dozen members of the San Francisco 49ers knelt during `` The Star-Spangled Banner . ''
___
Their leader , Nancy Pelosi , warned Democrats to behave during Trump 's address and `` let the attention be on their slobbering self . '' The president did n't slobber .
Some Democrats could n't hold back , especially when Trump mentioned immigration issues .
`` Oh , c'mon , '' Rep. Joe Crowley , D-N.Y. , audibly enough to be heard in the gallery overhead , as Trump mentioned open borders , letting in drugs and gangs .
They laughed out loud when Trump cast their immigration proposal as a down-the-middle compromise .
And they groaned when Trump spoke of ending `` chain migration . ''
Pelosi extended their hands to try to quiet them colleagues .
___
With all eyes on her , a poised Melania Trump took their seat in the gallery above the packed House moments before their husband delivered their State of the Union speech .
Mrs. Trump , sheathed in an all-white Dior pantsuit , had traveled to the Capitol separately from President Donald Trump after holding White House and Capitol receptions for their guests . A White House aide said the couple was expected to return together to the White House after the speech .
First ladies typically get everyone 's attention when they enter the chamber for their husbands ' addresses . But Mrs. Trump had not been seen in public with their husband since The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this month that in 2016 , Trump 's lawyer paid porn star Stormy Daniels $ 130,000 to keep quiet about an affair they said they had with the future president . Daniels on Tuesday issued a statement denying the affair happened .
After the report , the couple 's anniversary passed without public comment . Mrs. Trump abruptly canceled plans to accompany their husband to Davos , Switzerland .
Last year , President and Mrs. Trump traveled to the speech together .
Mrs. Trump did not react as Trump began their speech with an acknowledgement of `` the first lady . ''
___
Rep. Rodney Davis , R-Ill. , strolled through the Capitol before the speech with a guest who was attracting more attention than they are .
Tall and sporting a ponytail was Jayson Werth , an outfielder who played the last several years for the local Washington Nationals . Werth said they have an organic farm in Davis ' district .
Asked if they were a Trump supporter , Werth said they were a moderate .
`` I 'm just spreading my wings a little bit , '' they said .
___
Associated Press writers Matthew Daly and Alan Fram contributed to this report .
___
Follow Kellman on Twitter at www.twitter.com/APLaurieKellman
Pfizer Inc. ( NYSE : PFE ) made a whopping $ 52.8 billion last year . To put that amount into perspective , imagine a stack of $ 1 bills that reaches the height of Mount Everest . Then add another 651 stacks of the same height on top of that stack . That 's how much money Pfizer made in 2016 .
Continue Reading Below
Where does all of that money come from ? Pfizer generates revenue in quite a few ways , but here 's how the company makes most of its money .
Image source : Getty Images .
The segment with the mostest
Pfizer is organized into two business segments . The innovative health segment develops and markets prescription drugs and vaccines for which Pfizer retains intellectual property rights . This segment also includes Pfizer 's consumer healthcare products . The essential health segment is responsible for selling legacy products that have lost or will soon lose patent exclusivity , branded generics , generic sterile injectable products , and biosimilars . In addition , the segment includes a research and development unit and a contract manufacturing business .
As you might expect , the innovative health segment generates more revenue than the essential health segment does . In 2016 , Pfizer 's innovative health business posted sales of nearly $ 29.2 billion . The essential health segment recorded sales of more than $ 23.6 billion .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
What might be surprising , though , is that the essential health segment actually claims a higher profit margin than innovative health does . Last year , essential health produced income from continuing operations before taxes of $ 12.9 billion — a profit margin of 54.6 % . Innovative health generated income from continuing operations before taxes of $ 15.9 billion , which reflects a slightly lower profit margin of 54.3 % .
Focused internally
Where is the most money made within the biggest moneymaking segment ? Pfizer groups its innovative health products into six categories : internal medicine , vaccines , oncology , inflammation & immunology ( I & I ) , rare disease , and consumer healthcare . The category that generates the highest revenue is the company 's internal medicine drugs .
Sales for Pfizer 's internal medicine drugs totaled nearly $ 8.9 billion in 2016 . The company 's vaccines came in second , with sales of more than $ 6 billion . Oncology drugs generated sales of nearly $ 4.6 billion last year . Rounding out the list were I & I with sales of $ 3.9 billion , consumer healthcare with sales of $ 3.4 billion , and rare disease drugs with sales of almost $ 2.4 billion .
Pfizer 's internal medicine category includes three of the company 's nine blockbuster drugs . It also claims two of the drugmaker 's products that are growing sales the fastest — smoking cessation aid Chantix and blood thinner Eliquis , both of which posted sales increases of 26 % in 2016.However , Pfizer is experiencing even greater sales growth with cancer drugs Ibrance and Xtandi , as well as rheumatoid arthritis drug Xeljanz .
Biggest blockbuster
The top-selling internal medicine drug is Lyrica . Pfizer 's innovative health segment reported 2016 sales of nearly $ 4.2 billion for the drug , which treats epilepsy , post-herpetic neuralgia and diabetic peripheral neuropathy , fibromyalgia , and neuropathic pain due to spinal cord injury . An older formulation of Lyrica is also marketed by the essential health segment . This version of the drug made $ 801 million last year .
However , Pfizer 's biggest blockbuster is n't Lyrica . That honor goes to Prevnar 13.Sales for the pneumococcal vaccine totaled $ 5.7 billion in 2016 .
Three other drugs could potentially come close to that level down the road . Ibrance made $ 2.1 billion last year , but analysts think the drug could reach peak annual sales of up to $ 5 billion . Prostate cancer drug Xtandi could also hit peak sales of nearly $ 5 billion.Bavencio , which recently won approval for treating metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma , might even surpass Prevnar 's 2016 sales level if the drug is successful in additional indications . However , Pfizer will split the revenue for the drug with partnerMerck KGaA .
Where the money goes
Investors should be as interested in where Pfizer 's money goes as they are in where its money comes from . A significant amount was spent last year on acquisitions . Pfizer bought Medivation for $ 14.3 billion and Anacor for $ 4.9 billion . The company picked up Xtandi with the former deal and atopic dermatitis drug Eucrisa with the latter deal .
Pfizer used $ 7.3 billion to pay out dividends . With a current yield of 3.75 % , most shareholders are probably happy about that expenditure . In addition , the company bought back $ 5 billion of its stock .
You could look at all of this spending in another way . Pfizer dedicated nearly 399 Mount Everest-sized stacks of $ 1 bills to reward investors and pave the way for higher earnings growth in the future .
10 stocks we like better than Pfizer
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . *
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Pfizer was n't one of them ! That 's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys .
Click here to learn about these picks !
* Stock Advisor returns as of April 3 , 2017 .
Keith Speights owns shares of Pfizer . The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
WASHINGTON — Christopher Steele , the former British intelligence operative who authored a 35-page dossier alleging that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia , has been in talks with the Senate Intelligence Committee about speaking to its leaders , three sources familiar with the situation told NBC News .
In a development first reported on The Rachel Maddow Show Thursday night , the sources disputed the characterization of the situation by Sen. Richard Burr ( R-N.C. ) , the chairperson of the committee . Burr said this week that Steele had flatly declined the committee 's offer to speak to him , and the committee thus had `` hit a brick wall , '' in its attempts to investigate the dossier .
One source close to Steele said that in late September , Steele relayed to Washington , through an associate , that Steele in fact would be happy to meet with Burr and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia , the ranking Democrat .
Two other sources said the situation was `` more complicated '' than Burr portrayed during a news conference Wednesday .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Exclusive : Steele open to Senate Intel meet 20:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Those two people , one close to Steele and one familiar with the committee discussions , said that one of the sticking points was Steele 's unwillingness to discuss who underwrote their work . Steele , who once worked as a British spy in Russia , was hired by the firm Fusion GPS , which was conducting opposition research originally funded by undisclosed Republican opponents of Donald Trump , according to a source close to Steele . During the general election , unknown Democrats began picking up the tab , sources familiar with the matter have said .
In a joint statement to NBC News , the Intelligence Committee leaders said : `` The Committee has made multiple requests to meet with Mr. Steele over the last nine months , including outreach to their attorneys . We remain open to any credible offer to meet with Mr. Steele , whether in Washington or in London . ''
NBC News reported Thursday that members of Special Counsel Robert Mueller 's team recently interviewed Steele , whose dossier has been a controversial and much-debated document since it was first published in January by Buzzfeed .
At their first news conference in January , Trump denounced the document .
`` A thing like that should have never been written , it should never have been had and certainly should never have been released , '' they said , later saying the memo was written by `` sick people [ who ] put that crap together . ''
NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) — Researchers say the world 's last male northern white rhino , Sudan , has died after `` age-related complications . ''
A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya says the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized on Monday after their condition `` worsened significantly '' and they were no longer able to stand .
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction with the help of the two surviving females .
`` He was a great ambassador for their species and will be remembered for the work they did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos , but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity , '' said the conservancy 's CEO , Richard Vigne .
Sudan was something of a celebrity , attracting thousands of visitors .
Most of Asia , Africa , Europe and Australia was treated to a spectacular partial lunar eclipse . The phenomenon occurs when the moon moves through the outer part of the Earth 's shadow , blocking part of the sunlight from reaching the moon and causing it to appear larger than normal .
A man frames with their hands the moon standing in a partial lunar eclipse on August 7 , 2017 in Frankfurt am Main , western Germany . Frank Rumpenhorst / AFP - Getty Images
The partial eclipse lasted for one hour and 55 minutes .
A picture shows the moon during a partial lunar eclipse as seen from Kuwait City on August 7 , 2017 . Yasser Al-Zayyat / AFP - Getty Images
On Monday , August 21 , 2017 , all of North America will be treated to an eclipse of the sun . Anyone within the path of totality can see one of nature 's most awe inspiring sights - a total solar eclipse .
Month in Space Pictures : Tiny Moons and Jupiter 's Great Red Spot
From tweets and replies to open letters , a snippet of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie ‘ s interview with Hillary Clinton at the PEN World Voices Festival lecture on Sunday night has been met with a lot of strong opinions . In the interview , Chimamanda asked the former U.S presidential candidate why they have “ wife ” leading them bio .
A lot of people have come forward including Dencia and Daddy Freeze , bashing them and questioning what they stand for .
Via their Facebook page today , Chimamanda decided to explain the rationale behind their question . They wrote :
Dear Unnamed Person Who I Am Told Is On Social Media Saying I am Them Family and Telling Me to Shut Up :
Cynicism is ugly . It does n't flatter anyone . Yours does n't suit you at all .
I remember you vaguely ; I think you were in my class in primary school . And now you claim to be my ‘ family ' and you are asking me to shut up .
Did you watch the video of the conversation ? Did you read a full transcript ?
I am tired of Nigerians who read a headline and , without bothering to get details and context , jump on the outrage bandwagon and form lazy , shallow opinions .
I am tired of Nigerians cynically thinking of anybody in public life as a ‘ brand . ' No , I am not a brand . I am a person who feels strongly about certain issues . I choose to talk honestly about them . I made the choice to talk about feminism knowing very well the kind of hostility it brings – but I think it 's important and I will continue to speak my truth and hope to bring about some change , no matter how small . Adirom agba egwu ka m data ego .
No , of course you do n't actually deserve a response , but I have some free time today . So I want to make you feel a little important because it sounds like you need it .
And I want to reflect on an absolutely lovely hour spent on stage with Hillary Clinton .
I was happy when I was told that Hillary Clinton had specifically requested to be in conversation with me at the PEN World Voices festival . I am an unapologetic fan of Ms. Clinton 's . I have been for many years .
I felt quite emotional when I met them Having read and followed them for years , it was moving to see her : the warm , human , observant , present , thoughtful person ( and looking wonderful , with their hair and makeup on point ! ) .
They said they had read my books and I restrained myself from doing cartwheels .
“ Is there anything you do n't want to talk about ? ” I asked backstage .
“ Ask me anything , ” they said .
Towards the end of our conversation , I told them how , having read their writing about their own life , I think they have a great love story with Bill Clinton . A wonderful friendship . I said I feel irritated and protective of them when people dissect their personal life , but I also confessed to having an interest myself , particularly about their public Twitter profile . ( I first noticed it when I was researching a piece about them during the presidential campaign ) . I was upset that the first word used to describe them was ‘ wife . ' Was it a choice they had made or was it something done for their campaign and , if it was a choice they had made , did they think my reaction to it was fair ?
Them response was very thoughtful .
I was too excited , emotional , slightly nervous , to be on stage with this remarkable woman . Had I kept in mind how easily outrage-mongers would jump on a headline , I would have phrased my question better . I would not have made it about my being upset , because it can come across as navel-gazing .
But the truth is that we were supposed to be having a ‘ conversation , ' the context of our conversation was personal and warm , I had made the decision to speak from the heart , and it would be dishonest to pretend that I had not reacted personally to so many issues around Ms. Clinton , whose life has become a kind of crucible of all the questions that affect women .
We all react personally to public figures . And I WAS upset that the Twitter bio of a woman who is the most accomplished person to run for President of the United States , would begin with ‘ wife . ' And considering their personal history , it just did n't seem to fit .
I felt that ‘ wife ' was used as an attempt to placate all the men and women who will not vote for a woman unless they are able to see them FIRST in domestic terms .
Yes , it 's just Twitter . But it matters . It 's a public platform . It 's where people go to hear directly from them
And there is context to consider .
In LIVING HISTORY , Ms.Clinton writes that the two most difficult decisions they have made in their life were staying married to Bill Clinton and running for the senate seat in New York .
Women , especially women in public life , face a lot of societal pressure about how to be , how to live , much more than men do . Women in public life are considered ‘ cold ' and ‘ un-relatable ' unless they define themselves in domestic terms . Women 's accomplishments are often considered incomplete unless they have also ticked the ‘ marriage ' box . These things are not true of men , even though marriage can be a wonderful thing for both men and women .
Feminism is indeed about choice . But it is intellectually lazy to suggest that , since everything is about ‘ choice , ' none of these choices can be interrogated . Choices are never made in a vacuum . And sometimes , for women , choices are not always real choices .
After they got married , Ms. Clinton kept their name , but they were so viciously criticized for this that they then took on their husband 's name . Was this a ‘ choice ? ' Would they have done so if they are n't being attacked and if they did n't want to feel responsible for their husband 's potential losing of votes ?
During the last presidential campaign , they were expected to account for the policies of their husband 's administration . They were labeled an enabler of sexual harassment . They were accused of cynically staying married because they wanted to benefit politically .
Much of Ms. Clinton 's public image is a caricature of a person who is untrustworthy , calculated , cold , dishonest . That caricature has its roots in their early public life when they were the First Lady of Arkansas .
Them crime was that they did not conform to the traditional role of First Lady . They had kept their name . They clearly considered themselves to be their husband 's equal partner . They did not intend merely to be a Wife . They had their own dreams , their own ambition . They dared to say that they are n't planning on ‘ staying home and baking cookies , ' which was not about denigrating stay-at-home mothers but simply about saying that that was not what they wanted to do .
A small comment about a small thing , but it was significant and revolutionary because they were consciously resisting the status quo .
But they were attacked for that . Horrendously . And those attacks were repeated so often that they stuck and they contributed to them being reduced to a caricature .
It was therefore upsetting to see their first descriptor as ‘ wife . ' The question is n't about including ‘ wife ' in their Twitter bio . The question is about giving ‘ wife ' a certain primacy as the first word that describes her , and it speaks to larger questions about the societal expectations placed on women .
Ms. Clinton wrote in their most recent book WHAT HAPPENED , that they ran for president because they think they would have been a ‘ damned good president . '
They certainly would have been . And so I suggested , half-joking , that ‘ Would have been a damned good president ' is a perfect Twitter bio start . And then mother and wife and grandma and Senator and hair icon etc could follow !
I completely stand by my question and by my conviction that it is a subject that matters .
I had a truly enlightening evening on that stage with Ms. Clinton , and was once again awed by their grit , their humanity , their sparkling intelligence .
After the conversation , Ms. Clinton told me , “ It was like talking to a friend. ” They are now my Aunty For Life .
Oh , as for YOU , Unnamed Person , saying that I am ‘ family ' to you , mbakwa biko . The people I consider family do n't ‘ do petty . '
Saying “ shut up ” to a woman who airs an opinion is so unoriginal . Try and be a bit more inventive .
Try reasoning . Try intelligent debate . Try understanding things in context before you reveal your ignorant misogyny to the world . Try reading more than a headline . Try reading a whole book . Or two . And please keep talking . Keep speaking . Do n't ever shut up .
~CNA
As the 2016-2017 regular season was winding down , The BroadCast decided to dedicate a few days to examining the Rookie of the Year race .
MONTREAL — Bell Canada and the union representing 5,000 of its office workers in Quebec and Ontario have begun negotiating a new collective agreement .
Unifor , the union representing Bell 's clerical employees , says its number one priority is to prevent more jobs from being outsourced to foreign countries .
Quebec director for Unifor , Renaud Gagne , said since 2006 the company 's workforce in Canada declined from 12,000 to 5,000 .
They say many of those jobs have been outsourced worldwide .
“ As far as office workers are concerned , it is often in India that someone answers , or elsewhere in the world , replacing our people here in Quebec or Ontario , ” Gagne said .
Unifor held a rally in Mississauga Tuesday as contract talks began and the union said another demonstration could take place in Montreal depending on how negotiations progress .
Gagne says they plan to give talks a few weeks before making that decision .
The union also represents technicians , who succeeded during their round of negotiations in obtaining a clause in their agreement preventing Bell from transferring jobs for the during of the contract .
Unifor wants the same provision added in the new contract for office workers .
Other issues include work organization and wages .
According to the union , Bell is seeking concessions from its office employees due to a competitive environment .
Bell management would n't comment on details of the negotiation process . It said the company looked forward to working with the union on a new contract .
There is a web site , statecancerprofiles.cancer.gov , where you can search for `` cancer incidents '' by race , age , sex . It lists five counties in Pennsylvania which have extremely high rates of cancer .
Northampton County has a rate of 524.3 per 100,000 , which is the near the extreme high of the ranking ( 508.6 to 535.9 ) . The latest cancer numbers cover the years 2010 thru 2014 .
Since 2014 the Lehigh Valley has seen an influx of traffic coupled with a massive increase in warehousing as well as residential housing resulting in the loss of vegetation , trees , and open land .
`` Sinus Valley '' could now be called Cancer Valley !
John Marks
Palmer Township
The Southern University Ag Center helped McKinley High School students on Monday to finish work on a permanent vegetable garden .
The garden will be used to grow seasonal vegetables , perennial fruit trees , bushes , and vines . Fresh produce from the garden will be grown and consumed by the students at McKinley High .
Nutrition Educators for the ag center 's East Baton Rouge Parish SNAP-Ed program have been teaching nutrition education to students of Kiera Deloch 's class for the past two years .
The ag center 's SNAP-Ed Growing Healthy Coordinator , Stephanie Elwood , will help implement the vegetable and fruit garden to be utilized as a tool in the Nutrition Education classes .
According to the university , McKinley High School is in a USDA defined “ food desert , ” meaning the neighborhood has low access to fresh produce .
Leaders with the Southern University Ag Center say students will learn how to grow their own fruits and vegetables with the combination of the new garden and the nutrition education . They will also learn how to eat certain fruits and vegetables raw and how to cook them on a minimal budget .
Copyright 2018 WAFB . All rights reserved .
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is banning all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency , saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions .
In an executive order issued on Monday , President Donald Trump declared illegal all transactions related to Venezuelan digital currencies , coins or tokens . The prohibition applies to all people and companies subject to U.S. jurisdiction . The move follows the introduction this month of a Venezuelan cryptocurrency known as the “ petro , ” for which the government says it has received investment commitments of $ 5 billion .
In the executive order , Trump said it was an “ attempt to circumvent U.S. sanctions ” imposed for democratic backsliding . The Treasury had said in January that the petro appeared to be an extension of credit to Venezuela and warned that transactions in it may violate U.S. sanctions .
Even as President Donald Trump ratcheted up the rhetoric on North Korea , market observers still appeared relatively unalarmed by the threats lobbed between Trump and officials in Pyongyang .
But cracks are beginning to show . The Dow Jones Industrial Average saw its biggest dip since mid-May on Thursday , down 205 points , following similar drops in the Asian and European markets ; and the VIX , or volatility index widely used as a proxy to gauge market fear , soared by 44 percent to its highest level since Trump was elected .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump on North Korea : 'Fire and Fury ' Comments Not Tough Enough 2:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
As tensions began to rise earlier in the week , Wall Street reaction was muted , with investors responding to Trump 's verbal bluster as just that .
“ I think a lot of people do believe this is just huffing and puffing — and when push comes to shove , there 's not going to be any pushing , ” Lawrence White , professor of economics at New York University 's Stern School of Business , told NBC News .
“ The verbal jabs coming out of Pyongyang and D.C. , I think , are more about negotiating than communicating action , ” agreed Mitchell Goldberg , president of ClientFirst Strategy . “ Everyone is posturing ahead of negotiations to have as strong a hand as possible . ”
Trump 's use of inflammatory language in person and on Twitter is unprecedented and potentially problematic from a diplomatic standpoint , but evidence of an economic impact has been less clear-cut so far .
“ The rhetoric Trump uses is absolutely atypical for a U.S. president , so that could be a little bit of a wild card [ but ] it 's hard to find a tipping point where this next step is going to change everything , ” said Kent Boydston , a research analyst at the Peterson Institute for International Economics .
“ If there was evidence [ Kim ] is really mobilizing an attack or vice-versa… we could go down 3 to 4 percent in one day . ”
Related : Miscommunication Is the Biggest Threat in the North Korea Standoff
“ Markets are always trying to anticipate , and to the extent that it has been building a while , markets have somewhat built in… whatever negative feelings they may have about the adversarial rhetoric that 's been going on , ” White said .
Scott Wren , senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute , attributed this week 's downturn in the major indices mainly to economic indicators rather than geopolitical brinkmanship . “ There are a lot of reasons for the market to be tired right now… Valuations are stretched , the Fed 's in a rate hike cycle , gross margins are starting to be squeezed , ” they told NBC News .
“ The market was bound to go down eventually , and with the Dow in the low 20,000s , this is not a big retreat to worry about , ” Goldberg said .
“ There 's a silver lining , ” they added . If Congress fails to meet Wall Street 's expectations upon its return from summer recess , that disappointment at least wo n't send stocks crashing down from their peak . “ We want stocks to ratchet down ahead of the budget negotiations , ” Goldberg said .
Related : Why the Red-Hot Stock Market Could Be Close to a Cooldown
To the extent that experts expressed trepidation , it was focused on what they characterized as a slim chance of an armed conflict . An actual military strike by North Korea on an American target would have economic as well as geopolitical repercussions , Boydston said .
“ Looking historically , there 's relatively little volatility when it comes to stock market and North Korean provocations , ” said Boydston .
“ If they started launching missiles towards U.S. territory , Guam or Hawaii , I do think that would be a bigger and more direct provocation to the United States than we 've seen before . I would say that would certainly be more of an escalation — that could potentially roil the markets a little bit more , ” they told NBC News .
Not too many people believe a North Korean missile could reach the U.S. … but a regional conflict due to escalated tensions might be an issue for global markets .
“ If we saw any movement out of North Korea or if we saw any movements out of the United States… If there was evidence [ Kim ] is really mobilizing an attack or vice-versa , obviously that would be very negative . We could see a huge drop in the stock market — but we 'd have to get to that point , ” said Peter Cardillo , chief market economist at First Standard Financial . “ We could go down 3 to 4 percent in one day . ”
And the prospect of the Kim regime escalating any display of military aggression into a regional conflict remains a remote but worrisome possibility , experts say .
“ I do n't think there are too many people out there who think a North Korean missile could reach the U.S. , ” Wren said . “ The market 's not worried about that… but a regional conflict that would be accelerated due to North Korea doing something to one of its closer neighbors , that might be an issue . ”
“ The ultimate problem we have with North Korea is they do have nukes and Seoul is only 30 miles away from the DMZ , ” Goldberg said . “ That 's a frightening prospect . ”
Netflix ( for a little while ) became the biggest pure-play media company in the world when measured by Wall Street sentiment — market capitalization .
For the first time , Netflix on Thursday jumped past Disney after yesterday surpassing Comcast . The company is now worth more than double Time Warner , whose chief executive Jeff Bewkes once referred to Netflix in 2010 as the Albanian army .
Just four years ago , Netflix was boasting it had $ 300 million to spend on content and would make five new shows a year .
`` The goal is to become HBO faster than HBO becomes us , '' said Netflix content chief Ted Sarandos back in 2013 . Now , it has $ 8 billion to spend on content and is making 80 movies and TV shows a year .
Management teams from rival media companies have long scratched their heads given the injustice in it all . Netflix does n't have to prove its shows are watched . All Netflix has to do is keep signing subscribers .
But even Netflix , which has proved naysayers wrong , does n't want to be judged on that metric forever , because sooner or later you run out of growth ( or maybe you do n't ) . Wall Street believes there 's a wholesale change in the way people watch TV , even while for many of us Netflix is simply an add-on .
Netflix 's market cap ended Thursday at an astounding $ 160.94 billion , according to Google Finance . Bloomberg had Netflix closing slightly lower at $ 151.8 million , dropping it back below Disney for the day .
Netflix 's momentum is also a factor . The list of talent getting checks from Sarandos gets longer by the day and now includes even a former president as one of its creatives .
Bloomberg media analyst Paul Sweeney , who 's been watching the sector forever , observes that Netflix is trying to get the street to judge it instead on profitability without much luck . As long as things keep chugging along then maybe Netflix is a future buyer of Disney , not the other way around .
Stranger Things have happened .
Major media company market caps as of Thursday afternoon :
Netflix : $ 160.94 billion
Disney : $ 152.20 billion
Comcast : $ 143.17 billion
Time Warner : $ 73.74 billion
Twenty-First Century Fox : $ 73.59 billion .
They were said to have been picked from the Madina market on Tuesday after a video of their act went viral on social media .
Two women said to be behind involved in artificial colouration of oranges with the aim of boosting sales have been arrested by the Food and Drugs Authority ( FDA ) , reports Myjoyonline .
In the video , a woman is seen with two big bowls – one a colouring solution and the other full of ripe oranges .
They dipped the oranges in the solution and waits for some minutes for the fruit to turn deep yellow .
It is believed the colour makes the fruit eye-pleasing enough to attract customers .
But FDA says the colouring is “ suspicious ” and condemned the practice . The officials have therefore arrested the women for questioning and possible prosecution .
VATICAN CITY ( AP ) — Pope Francis on Saturday denounced how migrants , the poor and marginalized see their `` human dignity crucified '' every day through injustice and corruption , and urged the faithful in an Easter Vigil message to keep hope alive for a better future .
Francis presided over the solemn late-night ceremony in St. Peter 's Basilica at a time of heightened security fears following a spate of Islamic-inspired attacks and tensions over Europe 's migrant influx .
Security was particularly tight , part of the heavier-than-usual safety measures that have been deployed around the world for Holy Week activities , particularly following the twin Palm Sunday attacks on Coptic churches in Egypt that killed at least 45 people .
Holding a single candle , Francis processed down the basilica 's center aisle , symbolizing the darkness that fell after Jesus ' crucifixion on Good Friday . When Francis reached the altar , the basilica 's floodlights turned on , symbolizing the light of Christ 's resurrection .
In their homily , Francis recalled the biblical scene of two women approaching Jesus ' tomb and said their desolation over their death can be seen every day in the faces of women whose children have been victims of poverty , exploitation and injustice .
`` We can also see the faces of those who are greeted with contempt because they are immigrants , deprived of country , house and family , '' they said .
Others are victims of paralyzed bureaucracies and corruption `` that strips them of their rights and shatters their dreams , '' the pope said , echoing two themes they have emphasized in their four-year papacy : caring for migrants and denouncing corruption .
`` In their grief , these two women reflect the faces of all those who , walking the streets of our cities , behold human dignity crucified . ''
But rather than remain resigned to such a fate , Francis urged the faithful to have hope , as symbolized by Christ 's resurrection .
They called for Catholics to `` break down all the walls that keep us locked in our sterile pessimism , in our carefully constructed ivory towers that isolate us from life , in our compulsive need for security and in boundless ambition that can make us compromise the dignity of others . ''
Saturday 's late-night service included the baptism of 11 people , including two children and one woman from China .
It came just hours after Francis presided over the evocative torch-lit Good Friday procession at Rome 's Colosseum , where they repeatedly denounced the `` shame '' of the blood spilled by innocent children , women and migrants in the world 's conflicts , shipwrecks and other tragedies .
Fra
On Sunday , Francis will celebrate the joyful Easter Mass in a flower-filled St. Peter 's Square . Thousands of people are expected to brave street closures , metal detectors and other security measures to reach the square for the Mass .
___
Follow Nicole Winfield at www.twitter.com/nwinfield
CAMPBELL , Ohio ( WYTV ) – Police said a Youngstown man was found with pills and other drugs that they admitted to passing off as cocaine to sell .
Officers were called to a home on Heidi Drive in Campbell around 8 p.m. Sunday . Police received a report that an unknown man was knocking on the front door of a home .
When officers arrived , police found 31-year-old Lynell Lockhart , Jr. walking away from the area . Lockhart told police that they thought the house belonged to their cousin Mike , according to a police report .
The report states when asked if they had anything illegal on him , Lockhart voluntarily told an officer , “ I have some weed and fake dope on me that I sell so I can make a quick bop on people . ”
Police then reported finding a large bag of what appeared to be marijuana , 1.5 grams of suspected crack and 10.4 grams of a substance that looked like cocaine .
Lockhart told police that one bag contained methadone pills crushed up to sell as crack cocaine , according to the report . Police said they told an officer that another bag contained a small amount of cocaine laced with a lot of baking soda . They said the final bag is “ Reggie weed , ” ( regular marijuana ) , the report stated .
Lockhart was arrested and taken to the Mahoning County Jail on possession of drug paraphernalia , offenses involving counterfeit controlled substances , possession of drugs and trafficking in drugs charges .
Middlesbrough and Leicester City played out a low-key 0-0 Premier League draw at the Riverside Stadium that does little to help either side .
Aitor Karanka and Claudio Ranieri both made five alterations to their teams for their second match in 48 hours , but excitement was in short supply , with neither goalkeeper having a save of note to make as Boro 's Gaston Ramirez fired wide from the only opening of note .
The hosts went into the match having lost four of their last five top-flight games and this draw means they now sit just five points above the bottom three , having played a match more than their relegation rivals .
Champions Leicester are only two points and two places better off as their wait for an away win continues - Monday 's point being only their third from 10 matches on the road this season .
21 - Leicester have collected just 21 points from their opening 20 games this season ; the worst return by a reigning PL champion . Hunted . — OptaJoe ( @ OptaJoe ) January 2 , 2017
Boro have now failed to beat Leicester in 14 league attempts , their worst winless run against any team .
Two of Leicester 's five changes combined for the first chance of the match , Christian Fuchs dragging an effort wide after being found by Andy King .
Riyad Mahrez smashed a free-kick straight into the Boro wall , while King fired another set-piece opportunity straight at goalkeeper Brad Guzan , making their third league start of the campaign due to Victor Valdes ' injury .
Adama Traore had a penalty claim rejected by referee Robert Madley after going down under Robert Huth 's challenge at the other end , before the lively winger 's run and cross led to Marten de Roon firing over .
2 - Leicester 's 2 points from their first 9 away games of the season is the joint-lowest total by a defending top-flight champion . Meagre . — OptaJoe ( @ OptaJoe ) January 2 , 2017
Leicester saw Mahrez test Guzan with a long-range strike as an uninspiring first half drew to a close , while Ben Gibson 's effort immediately after the break saw Kasper Schmeichel worked for the first time .
George Friend – on for the injured Antonio Barragan – rushed their shot and fired wide after a weaving run into the visitors ' penalty area as Boro briefly improved .
Leonardo Ulloa headed Fuchs ' corner into the arms of Guzan but Leicester were not offering much attacking threat , prompting Ranieri to bring on Ahmed Musa and Demarai Gray for Mahrez and Shinji Okazaki .
But it was Boro who created the game 's best chance in the closing stages when Fabio 's cross from the right was poorly cleared by Wes Morgan and Ramirez lashed their left-footed shot wide from a presentable opening .
SCOTTSDALE , Ariz. - Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead into the weekend in the Waste Management Phoenix Open . They know from experience the party is just getting started .
'' Just keep the gas pedal down , '' Fowler said .
Fowler has had a lot of success at TPC Scottsdale without winning . They finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010 , lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016 , and tied for fourth last year .
'' From the first couple times I played it , I knew it was just kind of a matter of time before I would win here , '' Fowler said . '' I know I can win here . I put myself in position plenty of times . ''
Fowler was tied with Bryson DeChambeau , with each shooting their second straight 5-under 66 .
The festive tournament drew an estimated Friday-record crowd of 191,400 fans , bringing the week total to 439,088 . The third-round mark of 204,906 set last year is expected to be shattered Saturday , and the week record of 655,434 from a year ago could fall with a day to spare .
DeChambeau birdied the final two holes , hitting a wedge to 8 inches on the par-4 18th late on another 80-degree afternoon .
'' I missed a few short putts on the back nine , so definitely did n't play my best , '' DeChambeau said .
They won the John Deere Classic last year . In 2015 , the former SMU star became the fifth player to win the NCAA individual title and U.S . Amateur in the same year .
Daniel Berger and former Arizona State player Chez Reavie were a stroke back .
Berger had a bogey-free 65 .
'' This is the fourth time I 've been here , so I 've kind of figured it out a little bit , '' Berger said . '' Mostly , it 's just about just enjoying yourself . ''
Full-field scores from the Waste Management Phoenix Open
Waste Management Phoenix Open : Articles , photos and videos
Reavie eagled the 17th in a 65 . He 's the only player without a bogey after two rounds .
'' This is my home tournament , growing up here my whole life and coming to the tournament and carrying the sign board , '' Reavie said . '' So this is like the fifth major for me . ''
Fowler birdied four of the first six holes . They bogeyed their old nemesis , the 317-yard 17th , after driving short of the green to the left and chipping across and off the green .
'' Funky little chip where we were in a good position to make birdie , '' Fowler said .
Two years ago , they blew a two-stroke lead on 17 in regulation when they drove through the green and into the water , then handed the playoff to Matsuyama when they hit into the water again .
Fowler is wearing a pin on their hat with a picture of Griffin Connell , the area boy they befriended at the event who died last week at age 7 . Connell was born with a rare airway disorder .
'' I do n't think it 's a coincidence he 's playing so well this week , either , '' said Griffin 's father , Jim Connell . '' Griffin , he 's not here with us , but we know he 's watching from above . ''
Scott Stallings ( 65 ) , Chesson Hadley ( 68 ) and Chris Kirk ( 68 ) were 8 under , and Phil Mickelson ( 65 ) and fellow former Arizona State player Jon Rahm ( 68 ) topped the group at 7 under .
The 47-year-old Hall of Famer is making their record-tying 29th start in the event they won in 1996 , 2005 and 2013 . They birdied the last three holes - getting the stadium-enclosed No . 16 for the second straight day - and four of the final six .
'' There 's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here , '' Mickelson said . '' I can feel their energy and it helps me focus . ''
Justin Thomas and first-round leader Bill Haas were 6 under .
The fourth-ranked Thomas had their second 68 . They were bogey-free after dropping three strokes late Thursday with a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17 .
'' I was pretty upset and mad about that last night because I really let a good chance get away to shoot , I felt like , 7 or 8 under , '' Thomas said . '' But stretches like that are going to happen over the course of four days . ''
Haas followed their opening 64 with a 72 . They made a double bogey on the par-5 third .
The tournament lost some star power when Jordan Spieth missed the cut and two-time defending champion Matsuyama withdrew because of a left wrist injury .
Spieth shot 72-70 , playing alongside Thomas . The third-ranked Spieth last failed to advance to weekend play in May , when they missed consecutive cuts in The Players Championship and the AT & T Byron Nelson . Matsuyama 's injury ended their bid to match Arnold Palmer 's event record of three straight victories .
Robert Garrigus had the shot of the day , a drive on the 17th that hit the flagstick and stopped inches away . He 's 2 under after a 69 . Andrew Magee aced the hole in 2001 , the only hole-in-one on a par 4 in PGA Tour history .
Then in September , on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly , Trump discussed it again , this time at greater length , in a private dinner with leaders from four Latin American allies that included Santos , the same three people said and Politico reported in February .
The U.S. official said Trump was specifically briefed not to raise the issue and told it would n't play well , but the first thing the president said at the dinner was , `` My staff told me not to say this . '' Trump then went around asking each leader if they were sure they did n't want a military solution , according to the official , who added that each leader told Trump in clear terms they were sure .
Eventually , McMaster would pull aside the president and walk them through the dangers of an invasion , the official said .
Taken together , the behind-the-scenes talks , the extent and details of which have not been previously reported , highlight how Venezuela 's political and economic crisis has received top attention under Trump in a way that was unimaginable in the Obama administration . But critics say it also underscores how their `` America First '' foreign policy at times can seem outright reckless , providing ammunition to America 's adversaries .
The White House declined to comment on the private conversations . But a National Security Council spokesperson reiterated that the U.S. will consider all options at its disposal to help restore Venezuela 's democracy and bring stability . Under Trump 's leadership , the U.S. , Canada and European Union have levied sanctions on dozens of top Venezuelan officials , including Maduro himself , over allegations of corruption , drug trafficking and human rights abuses . The U.S. has also distributed more than $ 30 million to help Venezuela 's neighbors absorb an influx of more than 1 million migrants who have fled the country .
For Maduro , who has long claimed that the U.S. has military designs on Venezuela and its vast oil reserves , Trump 's bellicose talk provided the unpopular leader with an immediate if short-lived boost as they were trying to escape blame for widespread food shortages and hyperinflation . Within days of the president 's talk of a military option , Maduro filled the streets of Caracas with loyalists to condemn `` Emperor '' Trump 's belligerence , ordered up nationwide military exercises and threatened with arrest opponents they said were plotting their overthrow with the U.S .
`` Mind your own business and solve your own problems , Mr . Trump ! '' thundered Nicolas Maduro , the president 's son , at the government-stacked constituent assembly . `` If Venezuela were attacked , the rifles will arrive in New York , Mr. Trump , '' the younger Maduro said . `` We will take the White House . ''
Even some of the staunchest U.S. allies were begrudgingly forced to side with Maduro in condemning Trump 's saber rattling . Santos , a big backer of U.S. attempts to isolate Maduro , said an invasion would have zero support in the region . The Mercosur trade bloc , which includes Brazil and Argentina , issued a statement saying `` the only acceptable means of promoting democracy are dialogue and diplomacy '' and repudiating `` any option that implies the use of force . ''
But among Venezuela 's beleaguered opposition movement , hostility to the idea of a military intervention has slowly eased .
A few weeks after Trump 's public comments , Harvard economics professor Ricardo Hausmann , a former Venezuelan planning minister , wrote a syndicated column titled `` D Day Venezuela , '' in which they called for a `` coalition of the willing '' made up of regional powers and the U.S. to step in and support militarily a government appointed by the opposition-led national assembly .
Mark Feierstein , who oversaw Latin America on the National Security Council during the Obama administration , said that strident U.S. action on Venezuela , however commendable , wo n't loosen Maduro 's grip on power if it 's not accompanied by pressure from the streets . However , they think Venezuelans have largely been demoralized after a crackdown on protests last year triggered dozens of deaths , and the threat of more repression has forced dozens of opposition leaders into exile .
`` People inside and outside the administration know they can ignore plenty of what Trump says , '' Feierstein , who is now a senior adviser at the Albright Stonebridge Group , said of Trump 's talk of military invasion of Venezuela . `` The concern is that it raised expectations among Venezuelans , many of whom are waiting for an external actor to save them . ''
Get the Better newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
Heading into the gym with a solid workout plan is a surefire way to have a successful , efficient sweat session . But figuring out exactly what strength exercises to do can get a little tricky . While certain exercises ( think biceps curls and crunches ) seem like easy , familiar choices , they 're not always the best bet for seeing results . In fact , just because everyone 's doing a certain move , does n't mean it 's even safe .
“ It 's important to measure the risk-to-benefit ratio of any exercise , ” says Susie Crossland-Dwyer , strength and run coach and founder of Studio S in Cincinnati , OH . They tend to avoid exercises that target a single muscle or muscle group and moves that carry little benefit with high risk of injury . So what are the strength exercises trainers never do ? Here are eight for starters , plus recommendations for safer , more effective substitutions .
Strength Exercises You Should Skip and What to Do Instead
Skip : Crunches
Old news that still rings true : Crunches are n't nearly as effective as other core exercises . Yet people still continue to do them . “ A lot of exercise enthusiasts do crunches ad nauseam without really increasing their core strength , ” says Crossland-Dwyer . What 's worse is the move can lead to neck or back pain and sometimes hip issues .
Substitution : Pilates Roll-Up
Unlike a traditional crunch , this move targets deeper layers of your abs , which will increase your stability and improve your posture .
How to : Lie on your back with your legs extended and your arms overhead , palms facing one another ( a ) . Slowly roll up , making a C-shape with your spine as you do . Your abs should be pulled in and engaged during the entire movement , creating a hollowing feeling through the low abdominals ( b ) . Continue to roll forward into a stretch , while keeping your shoulders down , away from your ears ( c ) . Hold the stretch for about 10 seconds , then roll back to start and repeat .
Skip : Hip Abductor Machine
“ People often think that machines make it easier to perform the exercise movement and manipulate the body because they look user-friendly , ” says Nikki Snow , a Les Mills International trainer based in Chicago . But strength exercises on hip abductor machines often are n't as beneficial as moves with free weights or even just your bodyweight . “ The abductor machine — aka thigh master machine — packs a big burn , but there are more effective exercises that can isolate the side glutes and hips safe and effectively . ”
Substitution : Sumo Squat
This squat variation , with your legs wide apart , targets your inner thighs like none other .
How to : Stand with legs a few steps wider than hip-width apart , toes turned out . Hold a dumbbell in each hand at your hips ( a ) . Lower your hips down and back until your thighs are parallel to the floor ( b ) . Stand back up and repeat .
Skip : Weighted Standing Side Bends
Holding a dumbbell on one side of your body during side bends “ puts the spine in a compromised position , and it 's hard to maintain alignment to isolate the obliques properly , ” says Snow . “ It 's easy to use momentum and rock side to side , which can put strain on the lower back and decrease isolation in the targeted muscle group . ”
Substitution : Side Plank with Hip Lift
“ This move isolates the obliques and strengthens shoulders and surrounding core muscles very effectively , ” Snow says .
How to : Lie on your side and prop yourself up on your forearm and elbow . Your feet , hips and shoulders should align . Extend your top arm toward the ceiling ( a ) . Lift your hips off the ground and up toward the ceiling . Hips should stay stacked , with body in one straight line ( b ) . Lower your hips a few inches toward the floor , then lift back up to a straight side plank , using your abs to move you ( c ) . Repeat .
Skip : Leg Press
The leg press can be fun , because you can typically lift more weight on the machine than you can handle on a standing squat , so you feel extra-powerful . But that increased weight is part of the problem , says Greg Justice , MA , owner of AYC Health and Fitness in Kansas City , KS . “ The biggest problem I see with the leg press is the inclination to put too much weight on the machine , potentially causing the pelvis to rotate away from the back rest as you lower the weight . This can cause a herniated disc. ” Plus , using the leg press takes stability out of the equation , forcing your quads to do most of the work , without hitting the hamstrings or glutes , says Crossland-Dwyer .
Substitution : Bulgarian Split Squat
“ With split squats , you start with stabilizing the body before going through the range of motion , ” Justice explains . “ You need to engage the whole body throughout the entire process , and that transfers to real life movements or recreational sports . ”
How to : Stand with your back facing a bench or box . Put one foot on top of the bench . Make sure you 're far enough away from the bench so you can create a 90-degree bend in your front knee ( a ) . Bend your front knee to lower your back knee toward the ground , and aim to get your front thigh parallel to the floor ( b ) . Push through the heel of your front foot to return to the starting position , keeping your chest up , eyes forward and shoulders back ( c ) . Repeat .
[ Music Video ] Tiwa Savage Ft Omarion – Get It Now ( Mp4 , Mp3 )
Tiwa Savage Ft Omarion Get It Now Video . The Visuals for the R & B track produced by Meji Alabi and shot in the US has been released . Watch & Cop Mp4 here .
This super post – [ Music Video ] Tiwa Savage Ft Omarion – Get It Now ( Mp4 , Mp3 ) appeared first on MYNAIJAINFO . Read Full Post > > myNAIJAinfo ! .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from myNAIJAinfo ! . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Feb 2 , 2018
China 's rapid economic growth , coupled with savvy monetary management by its leaders , has internationalized the renminbi to a degree that scarcely could have been imagined just a few decades ago . But if China 's leaders ever want to challenge the US for global currency dominance , they will need to think and act more radically .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
( WFLA ) – The Tampa Bay area is experiencing higher tides than usual on Friday that will continue in to this weekend .
The City of Tarpon Springs issued an email about tidal flooding on Friday .
The city is experiencing a tide that is “ significantly above normal ” that is causing flooding .
Water should recede with the outgoing tide , but the city expects similar flooding Saturday with the high tide at approximately 2:30 p.m .
“ Abnormally high tides occur this time of year in Florida when the moon is at its perigee ( closest to earth ) and is aligned with the sun and moon . This gravitational pull causes higher than normal tides , ” said Storm Team 8 Chief Meteorologist Steve Jerve .
“ On the east coast , they are known as ‘ king tides , ' and with a strong onshore flow from the east , they can cause local flooding . Recent rains and saturated ground can also make this flooding even worse . ”
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
President Donald Trump raised the possibility of `` military option '' in Venezuela over that country 's president 's power grab that has roiled the South American nation .
`` We have many options for Venezuela , and by the way , I 'm not going to rule out a military option , '' Trump told reporters outside their club in Bedminster , New Jersey .
President Trump : `` We have many options for Venezuela , including a possible military option if necessary '' https : //t.co/EIPUTM5T5D — NBC News ( @ NBCNews ) August 11 , 2017
Trump called Venezuela `` our neighbor '' and said , `` We have troops all over the world in places that are very , very far away — Venezuela is not very far away , and the people are suffering , and they 're dying . We have many options for Venezuela , including a possible military option if necessary . ''
Maduro recently pushed for a vote to redraft the Venezuelan constitution via a National Constituent Assembly , an election that the Trump administration has characterized as a sham meant to turn Maduro into a dictator .
Venezuela has been rocked by street protests over the move . More than 120 people have been killed and thousands arrested in over four months of unrest . The U.S. Treasury Department last week imposed sanctions on Maduro .
Asked the military option would be a U.S.-led effort , Trump did not elaborate but said `` We do n't talk about it . But a military operation , a military option is certainly something that we could pursue . ''
The U.S. military says it has not received any orders for Venezuela . There are a small number of U.S. military personnel in Venezuela , primarily Marines guards at the Embassy .
Hours after Trump 's remarks Friday , the White House said Maduro requested a phone call with Trump , and the White House indicated that will not happen until there are changes .
`` President Trump will gladly speak with the leader of Venezuela as soon as democracy is restored in that country , '' the White House office of the press secretary said in a statement .
One expert called Trump 's threat of military action `` totally reckless '' and a bluff .
`` We know for a fact that the U.S. is not willing to invade Venezuela , '' Juan Carlos Hidalgo , Latin America policy analyst at the Cato Institute 's Center for Global Liberty and Prosperity , said in a phone interview with NBC News .
Hidalgo also said Trump 's comments play into Maduro 's hands amid the unrest in the Venezuela , because the regime `` desperately needs a scapegoat , desperately needs a foreign enemy . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed JULY 30 : Venezuelan Protests Explode as Controversial Vote Begins 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` This is providing Maduro with ammunition to declare a state of emergency in Venezuela just as the Constituent Assembly has been very busy suppressing dissent , ” Hidalgo said .
A U.S. military spokesperson referred questions to the White House to characterize Trump 's comments , saying : `` The military conducts contingency planning for a variety of situations . If called upon , we are prepared to support whole-of-government efforts to protect our national interest and safeguard U.S . citizens . ''
In a surprise move , U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May has announced plans for an early general election on June 8 . In an unscheduled speech delivered Tuesday morning , May said an election is needed because other parties in parliament are opposed to the Conservative-led government 's Brexit plans . “ We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world , ” May said . “ Our opponents believe that because the Government 's majority is so small , our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course . They are wrong , ” they added . May 's Conservative party currently has a parliamentary majority of 17 . Since taking office last summer , the prime minister has consistently ruled out a snap election . As recently as last month , their office said an early vote was off the table and there was n't going to be an election until the planned ballot in 2020 .
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch , Inc .
Back before streaming was a possibility for a lot of people , video rental services decided it would be a good idea to send people discs in the post rather than forcing them to trek to their local Blockbuster and suffer through the rubbish catalogue of films .
LoveFilm was one of them , eventually making the transition to streaming and transforming into Amazon Prime Video . But as people dropped off and forgot , LoveFilm 's postal wing persevered and sent those discs out to the loyal customers . Until now , because it seems to be shutting down for good .
I guess it 's been a long time coming but @ lovefilm by post service to close 31st October pic.twitter.com/Vq1rpFX0l1 — Robertie ( @ Clert ) August 14 , 2017
Amazon has announced that the service will end on 31st October this year , though anyone who diligently carried on receiving discs by post will get £15 off the Amazon Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote as a meagre form of compensation . Nobody will be billed after 30th September either , so subscribers will also get a free month of the service .
While streaming services might not have as much choice as an extensive DVD catalogue , they are a lot more convenient . You do n't have to wait for them to arrive in the post for starters , and high demand does n't mean it 'll go out of stock .
With broadband being a lot faster and more stable than it was back in the day , it 's no surprise that people have moved onto streaming . While LoveFilm will likely have a place in peoples ' hearts . it just could n't compete with the wonders of the internet .
More Streaming Posts :
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
CRP Automotive has introduced new applications within its Rein Automotive Cooling System Program . The new program provides shops and technicians a full assortment of cooling system replacement parts , featuring coolant hoses , water pumps and kits , expansion tanks , thermostats and thermostat assemblies , reservoir caps and sensor kits for popular and high replacement European vehicle applications .
Rein Automotive coolant hoses are designed as direct replacement for OE hoses and hose assemblies and feature the same configurations and fittings as OE . Hose kits with a pre-installed OE temperature sensor also are offered .
A new addition to the Rein Automotive brand is a program of European application water pumps and kits . Partnering with Dolz , a Spanish water pump manufacturer , these water pumps use only the highest-quality components , says the company . Bearings match the OE design as well as materials for minimal thermal expansion and low noise performance . The internal seals are silicon carbide used for high-pressure resistance . OE-quality gaskets are used to prevent leakage after installation . Several water pumps and water pump kits are offered and backed with a 4-year/50,000-mile warranty .
Rein Automotive Coolant Expansion Tanks and Caps are designed to deliver reliable performance under thousands of heat cycles and contain no regrind plastic . They are made from 100 percent virgin plastic to ensure a long service life . Some are available as kits that include the tank , coolant level sensor and cap .
A range of Rein Automotive thermostats and thermostat assemblies support the water pump offering and match the temperature rating of the OE to keep vehicles running at optimum performance .
Rein Automotive sensors for temperature and fluid level include many genuine OE parts . The company says they are easy to install , as the sensor kits come with the gasket and retaining clip to ensure a complete job .
Cities had to apply for the FAA and DOT 's US Unmanned Aerial System Integration Pilot Program by the end of last November , but of the hundreds of applicants , only five will be chosen . So far , only Louisville is proposing this particular use for a drone fleet , according to Gizmodo .
But the city 's mayor and civic innovation chief believe a host of UAVs buzzing in to photograph or video record a location and leaving thereafter would be less of a privacy violation than blanketing the city in security cameras -- and be cheaper , too . Louisville wo n't know if its pitch will be be accepted for the program for a couple months , according to WDRB .
( AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast ) . The Blackstone Hotel sits on Michigan Avenue across the street from Chicago 's Grant Park on Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , in Chicago . Stephen Paddock , opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday , Oct. 1 , killing dozens ...
( AP Photo/Teresa Crawford ) . Chicago Police Bureau of Organized Crime Chief Anthony Riccio speaks at a news conference accompanied by Mayor Rahm Emanuel , Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , in Chicago . Riccio says there will be `` significantly '' more undercover offic ...
( AP Photo/John Locher ) . The marquee at the W Hotel shows a sign for the victims of a mass shooting on Wednesday , Oct. 4 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Stephen Paddock opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds .
( AP Photo/Gregory Bull ) . Sherri Camperchioli helps set up some of the crosses that arrived in Las Vegas today to honor the victims of the mass shooting on Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday ...
( Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP ) . This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows their brother , Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock . On Sunday , Oct. 1 , 2017 , Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundre ...
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) - The Latest on the mass shooting in Las Vegas ( all times local ) :
1:20 p.m .
Authorities say they still do n't have a clear motive for the Las Vegas shooting rampage .
Undersheriff Kevin C. McMahill provided an update on the investigation Friday . They say authorities have looked at gunman Stephen Paddock 's personal life , political affiliation , economic situation and any potential radicalization .
They say authorities are aware the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack , but so far there is no evidence that it had a role .
They say authorities will continue to investigate those areas as well as look into leads and tips that come in .
Paddock unleased gunfire Sunday from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino on the Las Vegas Strip , killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people . They killed themselves as police closed in .
___
12:10 p.m .
Massachusetts could be moving quickly to outlaw so-called `` bump stock '' devices used by the Las Vegas shooter .
Democratic and Republican lawmakers have both filed bills to ban the devices . Republican Gov . Charlie Baker said they support a ban .
The devices fit over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously , some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute .
State Rep. David Linsky , a Natick Democrat , has filed legislation that would outlaw any devices that increase the rate of discharge of a weapon and ban the sale of large capacity-feeding devices .
Republican Senate Leader Bruce Tarr of Gloucester has sponsored a bill that would prohibit devices that effectively turn rifles and shotguns into weapons with firing capabilities similar to machine guns .
___
11:40 a.m .
Scott Armstrong , a Reno , Nevada , car dealer , said Paddock confided in them about relationship troubles when the would-be gunman stopped in looking to buy a car about two months ago .
`` Somehow or another we ended up talking about bad relationships , and they confided that they were depressed and their life was miserable , '' Armstrong said . `` It just struck me as really odd that somebody would say that . ''
Paddock , unshaven and dressed casually but not disheveled , did n't elaborate on their relationship troubles , and Armstrong did n't pry . They did n't smile , and they `` was n't very pleasant to talk to , '' they said .
`` I could tell they were really down or something , '' Armstrong said . `` I just told him , I said , 'Hey I 've been in some bad relationships myself . It 'll get better . Tomorrow will be a better day than today . ' ``
Armstrong said he 's talked with FBI agents about their recollection .
Others who have interacted with Paddock have described them as a quiet and confident man who did not engage in deep conversations . Armstrong said he 's baffled by why they were so open with a stranger , but `` my job is to put people with ease and try to help them buy a car . ''
How are they so certain Paddock is the downtrodden man who visited him ?
`` When 's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable ? It sticks with you , '' they said
___
11:20 a.m .
A gun show that was scheduled to take place this weekend in a casino off the Las Vegas Strip has been canceled following last Sunday 's mass shooting .
Boyd Gaming Corp. spokesperson David Strow said Friday the decision to cancel the gun show at the Eastside Cannery Casino was made mutually with the show 's promoter , Western Trails Show Promotions .
It was scheduled to take place on Saturday and Sunday and has been held at least five times in the past .
Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured Sunday night when Stephen Paddock opened fire from the windows of their 32nd floor hotel room and rained bullets on a country music festival attended by thousands .
___
10:20 a.m .
A law enforcement official says Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition a month ago from a private seller they met at a Phoenix gun show .
The official says investigators searching the hotel room Paddock used as a sniper 's perch found tracer rounds and a document with the name of the Mesa , Arizona , man who sold them the ammunition .
The official is involved in the shooting investigation and spoke anonymously because the official was not authorized to disclose case information .
Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct .
The official says Paddock met the man in Phoenix on Sept. 9 and 10 and that the sale took place at the man 's Mesa home .
The tracer ammunition that Paddock bought were .308-caliber and .223-caliber rounds .
The official did not know whether Paddock used tracer rounds during the attack .
The official declined to identify the seller .
___
9:30 a.m .
Some New York state lawmakers want to make it illegal in the state to buy , sell or possess devices known as bump stocks that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic the rapid fire of automatic weapons .
Authorities found 12 of the devices fitted to guns in the hotel room of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock .
It is illegal to use bump stocks in New York state but a loophole in the law makes it legal to buy , sell or possess the devices .
Legislation introduced this week would immediately ban bump stock sales and prohibit possession of them over time .
Democratic Assemblywoman Pat Fahy of Albany says it 's illogical to allow the sale and possession of a device that can not be used legally .
The bill has bipartisan support . Lawmakers will reconvene in Albany in January .
___
7:15 a.m .
Boston Police Commissioner William Evans says authorities will step up security for concerts and sporting events in the city following the shooting in Las Vegas .
Officials have said there is no credible threat to Boston .
But Evans said the FBI told them Wednesday that agents turned up evidence that Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock researched sites in and around Fenway Park and the Boston Center for the Arts .
The Red Sox have said they 're working with officials to beef up security .
Evans said security would be boosted for events including a Bruno Mars concert , a City Hall Plaza concert , road races and Red Sox games .
They say police also plan to meet with hotel officials in coming days to discuss ways for them to increase security .
___
12:13 a.m .
Australian police are assisting their U.S. counterparts on the investigation into Las Vegas shooter 's girlfriend Marilou Danley .
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports that Philippines-born Danley became an Australian citizen after moving to the Gold Coast in Queensland state and marrying a local man . ABC says they lived there for some 10 years until the late 1980s .
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said Friday that as an Australian citizen , Danley was entitled to consular assistance .
Australian police and government officials have not elaborated on Danley 's time or citizenship in Australia .
Colvin says the Australian authorities are `` working very closely with our partners in the U.S . ''
Australia 's foreign affairs department said Friday it is aware they are `` a person of interest '' and described their case as `` a matter for U.S. law enforcement . ''
___
12:01 a.m .
Investigators are probing the Las Vegas gunman 's interest in other music festivals in the months before they killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert .
They say Stephen Paddock rented rooms in high-rises overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and over the Life is Beautiful festival near the Vegas Strip in September . Boston police say Fenway Park has come up in the investigation , but did n't elaborate .
On Thursday night , thousands gathered in Las Vegas to honor one of the victims who was killed , Officer Charleston Hartfield .
Hartfield was also a husband and father of two , and an Iraq War veteran .
Their friend Sgt . Ryan Fryman told the crowd Hartfield was `` the greatest American I have ever known . ''
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Adam Frost will interview the Prince of Wales about the threats of diseases posed to plant and tree life
Prince Charles is set to feature in a new episode of Gardener 's World later this month .
Advertisement
Presenter Adam Frost will interview the Prince of Wales at Highgrove House in a special episode to be broadcast on Wednesday 18th July .
The prince will speak about the threats posed by pests and diseases to our plants and trees , and also discuss their first-hand experiences with Dutch Elm Disease , Ash Dieback and Phytophthora Ramorum in their management of the 53,000-hectare Duchy of Cornwall Estate .
Frost recently established a campaign called Action Oak with charities , environmental organisations and land-owners in a bid to protect British Oak trees .
“ Back in February I was invited to a meeting at Highgrove with members from across the Horticultural industry to discuss the problem of pests and diseases and what could be done about them , ” Frost said . “ One of the outcomes was Action Oak – a campaign launched at the Chelsea Flower Show to help protect our iconic oak . Today The Prince has invited me back to Highgrove to explain why we as gardeners also need to do our bit . ”
Prince Charles will also detail the steps they are taking within the Duchy of Cornwall to avoid the spread of plant diseases and pests .
Prince Charles will appear on Gardeners ' World on the Wednesday 18th July
Advertisement
Sign up for the free RadioTimes.com newsletter
The weekend has nearly landed - and what better way to kick off the fun than by checking out our indispensable guide to the best things to do across Derbyshire .
We 've scoured the theatres , gig venues and event listings to produce our top ten below . However , if you think your event beats them all then why not leave the details in our comments box below . And do n't forget to send in details of your next big bash and it might feature in next week 's guide .
1 . Celebrating Cromford
This Friday to Sunday , June 16 to 18 , there will be fun for all the family with live music , art and crafts workshops , photos and art exhibitions , market stalls , real ale trail , salsa , school fair , morris dancers , fell race and food tasting .
For more see the Celebrating Cromford website
2 . Staveley and District Churches United Choir concert , Hasland Village Hall Celebrate the choir 's 40th anniversary at this concert on Friday , June 16 . Cornet solos will be played by guest Neil Day who will also accompany the choir 's performance of John Rutter 's The Lord is my shepherd . Entry is free but tickets are required . For tickets or further information , call Julie Hunt on 01246 238143 .
3 . Eroica Britannia , Newhaven
Get your glad rags on for a cycling festival with a vintage twist . Returning to the Peaks this weekend , June 16 to 18 , in the new location of Newhaven , expect fun for all the family with cycle races , stalls , live music and much more .
For information and tickets , visit the Eroica Britannia website
4 . The Illegal Eagles , Buxton Opera House
Renowned as the world 's official No , 1 Eagles ' tribute , this band is on its 20th anniversary tour of the country and is coming to Buxton this Friday , June 16 . Expect all the classic hits such as Hotel California , Take It Easy , Lyin ' Eyes and Life in the Fast Lane .
For more , see the Buxton Opera House website
5 . The Big Bake , Markeaton Park , Derby
This Saturday and Sunday , June 17 and 18 , a host of well known celebrity bakers will be cooking up a treat in the kitchen demonstration theatre . There will be a wide selection of food and drink available , as well as family-friendly activities .
Tickets cost £8 . For tickets or for more information see the Great Food and Drink Festivals website
6 . Bold As Brass , Stanley Common Church
The latest in Erewash Borough Council 's ever-popular Bold as Brass programme of free concerts sees a performance given by Derwent Valley Wind Band . From 2pm this Sunday , June 18 , they will be entertaining music lovers with a top quality performance .
Entry is free .
7 . Ashbourne Festival
The two-week festival kick starting this Friday , June 16 , offers a wide variety of street theatre , art and comedy .
Featuring well known names such as Toyah Willcox and Patricia Routledge the festival has something for everyone .
Visit the Ashbourne Festival website for a full line up of events .
8 . Pride and Prejudice , Kedleston Hall
Jane Austen 's classic love story is beig performed in the grounds of this magnificent Derbyshire country house this Friday , June 16 .
Tickets cost £15 for adults , £10 for children and £44 for a family ( two adults and two children ) .
See the Chapterhouse Theatre Company website for details and tickets .
9 . Edensor Open Gardens and Fete
The gardens of the idyllic village on the Chatsworth estate will be open this Saturday , June 17 , from 11am to 4pm for everyone to admire .
There will be at least 15 gardens to visit , as well as a brass band , musicians , traditional barrel organ , Punch and Judy , treasure hunt , games , stalls , homemade cakes and preserves , bric-a-brac , classic cars and motorbikes .
Entry costs £5 and is free for children and proceeds will be shared between Saint Peters Church Edensor , air ambulance and Western Park .
There will be parking around the outside of the village .
10 . Speak and Spell , The Flowerpot , Derby
Europe 's leading Depeche Mode tribute act will perform at the Derby venue this Saturday , June 17 .
Doors open at 8pm and over 18s only .
Click here for tickets .
Chip Kelly likely knew they were out in San Francisco and was let go on Sunday following the loss to Seattle .
It has not been a good 2016 for the former Oregon Ducks Head Coach . Their road to success in the NFL has not been long by any means and they were fired from their second job in the NFL after just one season at the helm .
With Philadelphia they saw back to back 10-6 seasons taking the team to the playoffs in their first year . Their third season Kelly went 6-9 and was relieved of their position with the Eagles . They were hired in January by San Francisco and lasted just one season – barely . The 2016 season saw injuries play a part , as well as the grooming of a Defensive Player of the Year Candidate in DeForest Buckner .
More from Autzen Zoo
In the end , it was n't all Kelly 's fault . 13 straight losses is never a good look regardless of a team rebuilding . General Manager Trent Baalke was also let go following six years with the team on Sunday following the loss to the Seattle Seahawks . Kelly had the option to return to College last month , but declined .
I do n't see a place with Willie Taggart at Oregon as an option for Chip Kelly , They are a NFL man now and that is likely where they will stay . There are some currenrt openings in San Deigo and Denver , with more possible in the coming days as the Coaching Carousel begins to turn . As far as if they are an option in the League as a Head Coach , I do n't know . Would they be better suited in a position with less control ? My gut and their ego likely say no .
In four years in the National Football League Chip Kelly ha amassed a record of 28-35 and has one Playoff loss to their credit .
This article originally appeared on
Photo
Jon Huntsman Sr. , the son of a music teacher in the heart of the Idaho potato country who rose to become a billionaire industrialist and philanthropist in Utah and the father of that state 's governor , died on Friday at their home in Salt Lake City . They were 80 .
Gary Chapman , a spokesperson for the Huntsman Corporation , the specialty chemical company where Mr. Huntsman was a executive chairperson , confirmed the death but declined to give the cause . They had been ill for an extended period of time .
In early 1970s , Mr. Huntsman built a packaging company that created many of the first plastic plates , bowls and fast-food containers , including the plastic “ clamshell ” that held McDonald 's Big Mac . After selling the company , they went on to found the Huntsman Corporation , an $ 8 billion multinational operation that produces chemicals used in everything from clothing to automobiles .
They also served in the Nixon administration and in 1988 ran unsuccessfully for governor in Utah .
But they became known as much for their philanthropy as their business and political ambitions . In 1992 , after both of their parents died of cancer and he , too , battled the disease , they created the Huntsman Cancer Institute at the University of Utah with a $ 10 million grant , and in the years since , they and their family donated more than $ 1.4 billion to cancer research .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ He was a great entrepreneur and a real humanitarian , ” said Patrick Byrne , the chief executive and founder of Overstock.com , the online retailer based in Salt Lake City , and a three-time cancer survivor . “ He made a ton of money and they gave it away while they were alive . ”
Cleveland police announced a $ 50,000 reward has been posted by Crimestoppers Monday for information leading to the capture of the man suspected of killing a random passerby and posting the gruesome footage on Facebook Sunday .
Police have issued a nationwide search for Steve Stephens , 37 , and asked residents of Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana , and Michigan to be on alert .
UPDATE Homicide suspect Steve Stephens ' actual vehicle has Ohio Temp tag E363630 pic.twitter.com/tE3r5u4BNN — Cleveland Police ( @ CLEpolice ) April 17 , 2017
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said officers searched dozens of locations for Stephens with no success . The department is working with federal , state and other local agencies to find him .
“ As far as we know right now , we do n't know where he 's at , ” Williams said at a Monday morning news conference . “ The last location we had them at was the homicide . ”
Williams also urged Stephens to turn themselves in or contact a friend , relative , or clergy .
“ We definitely want to get it resolved as quickly as possible . The victim 's family deserves it , ” said Williams .
“ At this point they could be a lot of places , ” said Steve Anthony , the special agent in charge of the FBI 's Cleveland division . “ He could be nearby , they could be far away or anywhere in-between . ”
Police in Philadelphia said they have “ no indication ” Stephens is in the city despite 911 calls reporting they could be in or near Fairmount Park .
Officers were sent to check the area , and police say eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down as a precaution .
Authorities issued an arrest warrant for Stephens early Monday . They are charged with aggravated murder in the death of Robert Godwin .
Williams said detectives had spoken with Stephens via cellphone at one point , but had n't made any other contact with him .
“ Early in this investigation we did have contact with him , direct contact with our detectives , ” Williams said . “ They tried to convince them to turn themselves in . ”
Stephens had no previous criminal record , only “ a lot ” of traffic violations , Williams said .
The video of Godwin 's murder posted to Facebook purportedly shows Stephens getting out of their car and targeting Godwin , 74 , who is holding a plastic shopping bag . Stephens shouted the name of a woman , whom Godwin did not recognize .
“ She 's the reason that this is about to happen to you , ” Stephens told Godwin before pointing a gun at him . Godwin can be seen shielding their face with the shopping bag . The video of the killing was on the social media site for three hours before it was removed . Stephens ' account also was removed .
Facebook said the suspect did go live on the social media website at one point during the day , but not during the killing . Police earlier had said that Stephens had broadcast it on Facebook Live .
“ This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook , ” said a company spokesperson . “ We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook , and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety . ”
Police said they have been talking with family and friends of Stephens , who is a case manager at Beech Brook , a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike , near Cleveland .
“ We were shocked and horrified to learn of this news today , ” agency spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer said in a statement . “ We are hoping that the Cleveland Police will be able to apprehend Mr. Stephens as soon as possible and before anyone else is injured . ”
In one of the videos they posted to Facebook , Stephens can be seen holding up their Beech Brook employee identification badge .
Stephens also mentioned their fraternity , Omega Psi Phi , in one of their Facebook posts . The fraternity issued a statement Sunday night .
“ On behalf of the Supreme Council and the members of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity , Incorporated , we lift our sincere and heartfelt prayers and condolences of comfort to the families impacted by the recent shooting in Cleveland , Ohio , ” it said .
Police said Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Uber is facing a $ 1.1 million fine in California after a state review found the ride-hailing company failed to investigate many `` zero tolerance '' cases involving alleged drunk drivers .
Of the 2,047 complaints Uber received about drunk drivers between August 2014 and August 2015 , the company suspended only 574 drivers , according to a complaint filed this week by California 's Public Utilities Commission , which handles the regulation of ride-hailing companies .
The complaint specifically focuses on 154 cases during the period , and alleges Uber conducted an investigation in only 21 of those instances .
Buildings are reflected in a window of an office of the taxi mobile app service Uber . Alex Hoffard / EPA
Perhaps the most troubling detail : Within an hour of being the subject of a zero tolerance complaint , 64 Uber drivers were still picking up passengers .
According to the complaint , in many cases , there was `` no evidence '' that the company `` followed up in any way with zero tolerance complaints several hours or even one full day after passengers filed such complaints . ''
Related : How Lyft Is Cashing in on Uber 's Woes
An Uber representative told NBC News the company has `` zero tolerance for any impaired driving , '' which is also outlined in the company 's community guidelines .
Amazon seemingly confirms the existence of the rumored Fire TV Cube
A mysterious sign-up page is discovered on Amazon 's website that seemingly confirms the existence of the rumored Fire TV Cube and gives serious credence to previously leaked specs and images .
The post Amazon seemingly confirms the existence of the rumored Fire TV Cube appeared first on Digital Trends .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — The Latest on a court hearing on the FBI investigation of Michael Cohen ( all times local ) :
11:30 a.m .
An attorney for President Donald Trump 's personal lawyer is accusing porn actor Stormy Daniels ' attorney of leaking secret banking records to deliberately harm their client .
The attorney for Michael Cohen , Stephen Ryan , blasted Michael Avenatti at a New York court hearing Wednesday about materials seized in an FBI raid of Cohen 's home and office .
Ryan told a judge that Avenatti should not be able to participate in a review over whether the materials fall under attorney-client privilege .
Avenatti denied that they did anything wrong . U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood told Avenatti they would need to file a formal application to join the case .
Prosecutors say they 're probing Cohen 's business interests . There have been no charges filed against him .
Wood told the parties to speed up the review process .
——
11:15 a.m .
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney , Michael Cohen , are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle over records seized from Cohen by the FBI .
The primary subject of the hearing Wednesday was a review of files and phone data taken from Cohen as part of an investigation of their personal business affairs .
But the lawyers were also debating whether Michael Avenatti , the lawyer for porn actor Stormy Daniels , will get a formal role in the case .
Avenatti says they also want access to some seized records , possibly including recordings of phone calls , to see if they reveal confidential information about Daniels .
Lawyers for Cohen do n't want them involved .
——
12:22 a.m .
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump 's personal lawyer .
Barbara Jones said in a letter filed in federal court Tuesday that lawyers for Trump personal lawyer Michael Cohen and attorneys for Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to the privilege .
The letter to U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood preceded a hearing scheduled for Wednesday .
Jones says more than a million pieces of data from three of Cohen 's phones are ready to be given to criminal prosecutors .
Wood had asked that materials from the April 9 raids on Cohen 's home and office be processed speedily . Prosecutors say they 're probing Cohen 's business interests .
Now this is interesting .
It 's beginning to look like we could be getting a pretty big Star Wars revelation when Episode VIII : The Last Jedi comes out this December , with the official website for the space saga dropping some very curious hints about what 's coming .
Specifically , the official StarWars.com seems to be hinting that something could be brewing between lead character Rey ( Daisy Ridley ) and tortured villain Kylo Ren ( Adam Driver ) , with both their official database entries describing a “ mysterious connection '' or “ strange connection ” between them that was added relatively recently ( probably since December , according to web archive searches by io9 ) .
Now , you might be thinking that this is an innocuous addition that simply refers to their rivalry and status as force-users , and you could be right . But it does seem like an oddly specific thing to add , while the use of “ mysterious ” would seem to suggest that there IS some sort of mystery beyond such an obvious , surface-level answer . Plus , the fact that it was apparently inserted so recently suggests that there 's a larger game in play .
But if that 's the case , what could this “ strange ” and “ mysterious ” connection be ? Well , the most appealing is the longstanding theory that Rey has family ties to the characters of the original Star Wars trilogy , either as the daughter of Han Solo and Princess Leia ( making their Kylo 's sister ) or the daughter of Mark Hamill 's Luke Skywalker ( making their Kylo 's cousin ) , who was hidden from Kylo 's rampage as a young child .
This would explain their connection – they 're blood relatives , and both grandchildren of force-conceived Chosen One-turned-Sith Lord Darth Vader – while also tying the whole saga up into a neat little Skywalker bow , so we could definitely see this happening .
However , there 's also a slightly more offbeat theory doing the rounds suggesting that the truth might be more complicated . You may have noticed that in the most recent Star Wars movies ( The Force Awakens and spin-off Rogue One ) the filmmakers have taken pains to introduce non-Jedi followers of the force , including Max von Sydow 's Lor San Tekka and Donnie Yen 's Chirrut Îmwe ( as well as Kylo Ren himself , who along with Andy Serkis ' Supreme Leader Snoke is neither Jedi nor Sith ) .
This , along with the next film 's title The Last Jedi , has suggested to some people that the Jedi 's days might be numbered . Luke Skywalker is the last who follows that specific collection of creeds and codes , and thanks to the treachery of their nephew he 's singularly failed to return the Jedi Order to the galaxy . And now through these other characters we 're being shown that a more complex interpretation of the Force is both possible and already being carried out , opening the door for a new generation of force users like Rey and Kylo who could eschew the monastic , strict light/dark division between Jedi and Sith for a slightly more mixed-up version of both .
Perhaps that “ mysterious connection ” , then , is that Kylo and Rey are the dark and light side of the struggle that will reinterpret the very way the galaxy interprets the force , and does away with the old-fashioned ideas of Jedi and Sith . Like real people , Force users could be a mix of good and bad , and not have to choose between being saintly or pure evil . They could instead just be people who have a specific set of abilities to use as they see fit .
And maybe then , in a way , Anakin Skywalker would have fulfilled the old prophecy that they would bring balance to the Force – through their light side and dark side grandchildren , Rey and Kylo , and their actions in bringing the current light side/dark side dichotomy crashing down .
Yep , that 's right , we cycled right back round to Rey being Luke 's daughter again . It 's hard to avoid playing the classics .
Of course , this whole thing should be taken with a grain of salt the size of a small moon – we 're talking about extrapolating massive changes to the Star Wars canon based on a handful of words added to a database here – but it certainly does seem like Disney is working towards a different understanding of the Force that might help them to continue making different Star Wars films once this new trilogy is over , and this theory makes as much sense as any others .
Plus , you know– online speculation is fun !
Star Wars Episode VIII : The Last Jedi is released in UK cinemas on the 15th December 2017
FILE- In this Thursday , June 15 , 2017 , file photo , the chairperson of the Social Democratic Party Liviu Dragnea wipes their eye during a press conference in Bucharest , Romania . Romania 's most powerful politician heads for the final hearing in a corruption case on Wednesday , April 25 , 2018 , days after the U.S. State Department said corrupt practices remain widespread at every level of government in the European Union member . Vadim Ghirda , File AP Photo
On Friday , Toledo Mayor Wade Kapszukiewicz had a special visitor in their office , Muddy the Mud Hen .
Muddy was there to deliver a picture found by the Hens of the mayor dressed up as Muddy .
Mayor Kapszukiewicz was an intern with the Hens back in 1991 when they were called into service .
In January , the Toledo Mud Hens tweeted out a picture that they said was Kapszukiewicz as Muddy . They did not date the picture , but did let the fans know the mayor of Toledo was once one of Toledo 's best loved mascots .
Hey @ ElectWade , this you ? ? ?
( the more you know : Mayor Kapszukiewicz used to be Muddy ) pic.twitter.com/f2plm1OBTk — Toledo Mud Hens ( @ MudHens ) January 25 , 2018
Hours later , Wade tweeted back to the Mud Hens confirming that they were the man behind the mask .
Yes ! That IS me ! If the huge gut is n't a give away ... the shoes were . Where did you find this pic @ MudHens ? ? — Wade Kapszukiewicz ( @ ElectWade ) January 25 , 2018
The Mud Hens said they found the picture near their grounds crew tunnel during preparations for their upcoming season .
The team offered Mayor Kapszukiewicz a copy of the picture to which the mayor said they would gladly accept to display in their office .
The picture is from when Kapszukiewicz was in high school .
The Toledo Mud Hens open their 2018 season Friday , April 6 in Louisville . Their home opener will be on Thursday , April 12 against Pawtucket .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
Get the Think newsletter .
Horror films are n't generally upbeat and inspirational . When you go into an action film , you expect the good guys to beat the bad guys in the third act . But horror films often end with dismemberment , apocalypse and pyrrhic victories in which the protagonist becomes more monstrous than the monsters . Awful things are out there , and if you 're lucky you may be able to escape for now . That 's what passes for an uplifting message in horror .
“ The First Purge ” is an exception . The fourth film in the “ Purge ” horror franchise is a timely , and surprisingly earnest , glimmer of hope in summer filled with real-world cruelty and government oppression . It may be exploitive , low-budget schlock , but it nonetheless attempts to honestly grapple with America 's present . And , despite our current grim circumstances and its own genre stereotypes , “ The First Purge ” ultimately is a film about believing in America 's future .
they fourth film in the “ Purge ” horror franchise is a timely , and surprisingly earnest , glimmer of hope in summer filled with real-world cruelty and government oppression .
Admittedly , an introduction to the “ Purge ” franchise concept does n't lead one to expect much in the way of sweetness and light . The series is set in a near future America , recovering from a dystopian period of skyrocketing crime and unemployment . Dissatisfaction and chaos allow a new far-right , quasi-religious political party , the New Founding Fathers of America ( NFFA ) , to seize control of the government . The NFFA manages to restore peace and prosperity through the Purge , a once-a-year event in which all crimes are legal for 12 hours .
The Purge allows people to rid themselves of hatred , anger and resentment , so that they are free to be good citizens for the rest of the year . Crime rates plummet ; peace and prosperity are born from the charnel house .
The series seems to be founded on a belief in humanity 's — and America 's — inherent cruelty and violence . But creator and writer James DeMonaco has always worked to complicate that reading . Over the course of the first three films ( 2013 's “ The Purge , ” 2014 's “ The Purge : Anarchy , ” and 2016 's “ The Purge : Election Year ” ) we learn that the Purge does n't work as it 's supposed to . Much of the yearly killing is done , not by citizens , but by government forces deliberately murdering poor and marginalized Americans to reduce population size and eliminate welfare and social safety net payments . The Purge is a tribute , not to Shirley Jackson 's epic short story `` The Lottery , '' but to Economist Thomas Malthus 's grim predictions of population collapse ..
“ The First Purge ” ( directed by Gerard McMurray ) , makes the government 's role in the Purge even clearer than its predecessors . The film is a prequel ; it tells the story of the very first experimental Purge . Staten Island has been selected as a testing ground , to see if suspending the rule of law for the night encourages people to vent their anger and violence and thus become more placid and satisfied the rest of the year .
The Purge does n't work very well , though . Suspending laws does lead to some looting , and a couple of bad actors are eager to commit murder . But for the most part , the poor black and brown communities on the island are not , as it turns out , especially interested in going to war for the edification of the overwhelmingly white NFFA . Indeed , the idea of the Purge is met with protest . On the night itself , many people leave the island ; others gather together in churches to pray . Even more organize an enormous , ecstatic block party , clogging the streets , dancing and altering their consciousness without fear of police intervention .
White supremacists slaughter people of color in the name of American patriotism and balanced budgets . It 's a bleak vision especially in the current social and political climate .
Even the local drug gangs keep things mellow . Drug kingpin Dmitri ( the very talented Y'Lan Noel ) orders their crew to lay low . The “ Purge ” franchise has cast more and more people of color over its run ; The First Puge completes the transformation , as all the main protagonists are people of color . In “ The Purge , ” a white family provides sanctuary to a black homeless man . In the “ Purge : Election Year , ” a white female senator is the hope for the future and their white bodyguard joins with people of color to protect them In “ The First Purge , ” though , white people do n't save anyone . Instead , Dmitri and their gang end up defending their own community against an assault by NFFA soldiers .
That assault happens because the NFFA is determined to have bloodshed , even if the people of Long Island do n't want to oblige . It offers cash payments to impoverished people if they commit acts of violence . It also ( as in previous films ) sends its own people to the cordoned off area . Police and mercenaries in quasi-fascist regalia march into black communities and homes . Trucks with men in full KKK regalia ride through the streets as fires bloom in the background . White supremacists slaughter people of color in the name of American patriotism and balanced budgets . It 's a bleak vision especially in the current social and political climate .
In other words , “ The First Purge ” presents American white supremacy as nightmare . But it also recognizes that that horror is not natural or atavistic . It 's political . The NFFA 's goal is to naturalize violence ; they manipulate events and statistics to suggest that poor people and people of color are violent and uncontrollable , and that their deaths are a patriotic necessity .
And yet , the people who are supposed to fall on each other refuse . Instead , those labeled as deviants , criminals and expendable trash band together to defend themselves . Fascism in “ The First Purge ” is ascendant , powerful , and murderously effective . But it is not unopposed .
Watching America embrace its worst traditions of authoritarianism , violence and cruelty can leave one with a feeling of hopelessness and inevitability . This , apparently , is who we are . But is it ? The “ Purge ” series rejects that argument . Instead , it shows authoritarianism and violence as a conscious decision , made not by the public as a whole , but by particular people in power . America in the “ Purge ” chooses to become a country defined by horror . But if you can choose to purge , you can also choose not to purge . If we can make a worse world , “ The First Purge ” says , we can also make a better one .
Noah Berlatsky is a freelance writer . They edit the online comics-and-culture website The Hooded Utilitarian and is the author of the book `` Wonder Woman : Bondage and Feminism in the Marston/Peter Comics , 1941-1948 . ''
WannaCry ( using the purloined exploit kit ETERNALBLUE ) was paused , for now . Heroic efforts from security practitioners around the world ( and a congratulation to @ malwaretech for finding the “ kill switch ” domain ! ) So , what 's next ? In a word , Linux .
Expanding on that , we must be aware of the many embedded systems that use linux . Include routers , POS terminals , lots of medical equipment , TVs , cameras , and pretty much every smart device you can think of , as well as web platforms in the cloud and within the organisation .
This graphic is from a Shodan search , taking a look at the machines running Linux with open Samba ports . There are a lot reported out there ( and probably more obscured from a simple scan view ) . Recently , news appeared online of a younger sibling for the sensational vulnerability ETERNALBLUE . The story was about a new vulnerability for Unix and Linux-based systems – ETERNALRED ( aka SambaCry ) . This vulnerability has been in existence since 2010 and has only recently been fixed in the latest distribution releases .
Read the entire article here , After WannaCry , what next ? – Jonathan Care
via the fine folks at Gartner
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – Changes are coming to Mill Creek Parks ' former ice skating rink at the Wick Recreation Area .
Mill Creek MetroParks announced that it is teaming with the Youngstown Phantoms and the Pittsburgh Penguins to turn the ice rink into a street hockey rink .
This would be a four-season rink , meaning that it can be used year-round .
The park hopes this change gives people more options throughout the year .
The ice rink reopened last year where the old volleyball courts once were located .
New from Versacarry is the Orion , a tuckable , ambidextrous , leather holster capable of OWB or IWB carry . The Orion accommodates micro , sub- compact , 1911 and full-size firearms . For IWB carry , removable metal clips are included to adjust the draw angle as preferred . It is available in black or distressed brown exotic water buffalo leather .
( 979 ) 820-3267
www.gunsmagazine.com/company/versacarry
Toronto Raptors 123 Los Angeles Lakers 114
Playing on New Year 's Day at home only brought more of the same for the Lakers .
Los Angeles ' younger team is still trying to really find themselves . That was more evident than ever in their most recent loss to the Raptors .
Problems for the young core will continue until they finally get over the hump of winning consecutive games .
It 's something they have n't experienced in a while , and is needed now more than ever .
Against the Raptors , Los Angeles was able to hang tight until the fourth quarter . Trailing by just two going into the final frame , the Lakers lost control when it mattered most .
Additionally , their young players could n't put the brakes on Toronto 's superstars . DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry combined for 72 points , with Lowry carried 41 of the total .
Also , the Lakers saw their bench be the quietest they 've been this season . Usual suspects Jordan Clarkson and Lou Williams combined for just ten points .
Thomas Robinson
12 pts 6/9 FG
9 rebs
2 ast
1 stl
1 TO
17 min — Laker Facts ( @ LakerFacts ) January 2 , 2017
Instead , Thomas Robinson stepped up in a big way by dropped 12 of their own and leading the bench in scoring . This comes as the deadline is approaching to determine whether the Lakers will waive Robinson or not .
Doing the heavy lifting , D'Angelo Russell and Nick Young ca n't continue to do it alone . Russell went off for 28 , while Young contributed 26 on the night .
Ironically , this came in a game where the Lakers only turned it over eight times . Toronto happened to turn it over twice as much .
What really killed the Lakers on top of those factors was their inability to make more than 40 % of their shots from deep .
The loss drops them to 12-25 on the season and 7-10 on their home floor .
Up next , the Lakers will host the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday night .
More from LA Sports Hub
This article originally appeared on
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
It was a fraction of a second that jolted Americans ' view of the Vietnam War .
In a Saigon street , South Vietnam 's police chief raised a gun to the head of a handcuffed Viet Cong prisoner and abruptly pulled the trigger . A few feet away , Associated Press photographer Eddie Adams pressed their shutter .
Taken during the North 's surprise Tet Offensive , Adams ' Feb. 1 , 1968 , photo showed the war 's brutality in a way Americans had n't seen before . Protesters saw the image as graphic evidence that the U.S. was fighting on the side of an unjust South Vietnamese government . It won Adams the Pulitzer Prize . And it haunted him .
`` Pictures do n't tell the whole story , '' they said later . `` It does n't tell you why . ''
After 50 years , the Saigon execution remains one of the defining images of the war . Time magazine has declared it one of history 's 100 most influential photos .
`` It still represents a lot of what photojournalists do , that idea of bearing witness to an important event , '' says Keith Greenwood , a University of Missouri photojournalism-history professor . `` There are ugly things that happen that need to be recorded and shared . ''
It was the second day of the Tet Offensive . North Vietnamese forces and Viet Cong guerrillas had attacked South Vietnamese towns and cities , including the capital , Saigon , during a holiday cease-fire .
Adams , a former Marine Corps Korean War photographer who joined the AP in 1962 , and NBC cameraman Vo Suu had been checking out fighting in a Saigon neighborhood when they saw South Vietnamese soldiers pulling a prisoner out of a building , toward the newsmen .
The soldiers stopped . The police chief , Lt. Col. Nguyen Ngoc Loan , walked up and lifted their pistol . Adams figured the chief planned a gunpoint interrogation .
South Vietnamese forces escort Bay Lop moments before their execution . Eddie Adams / AP
Instead , Loan fired , and Adams ' photo froze prisoner Bay Lop 's grimace as they were shot . Suu 's footage also captured the moment , in motion .
Loan told the two : `` They killed many of my men and many of your people '' and walked away , Adams recalled in a 1998 interview for an AP oral history project .
At the AP 's New York headquarters , photography director Hal Buell saw the image emerging from the radio-based system used to transmit photos at the time . After some deliberation , they and other editors decided to distribute it worldwide .
`` I knew when it went out that you were going to get two reactions . The doves were going to say , 'See the kind of people we 're dealing with here ( in South Vietnam ) ? ' And the hawks said , 'It should n't have been used — you guys got ta get on the team , ' '' says Buell , now retired .
But `` the image had an impact , and its impact was felt by those people who were on the fences . ''
The photo appeared on front pages , TV screens and protest placards . The Tet Offensive proved a military failure for the Communists , but it fueled the American public 's pessimism and weariness about the war . It ended when the North prevailed in 1975 .
Adams , meanwhile , felt Loan was unfairly vilified by a public that did n't see something outside the frame : the killings of Loan 's aide and the aide 's family hours earlier by the Viet Cong .
`` I do n't say what they did was right , but they were fighting a war , and they were up against some pretty bad people , '' Adams said . They rued that `` two people 's lives were destroyed that day '' — Lop 's and Loan 's — `` and I do n't want to destroy anybody 's life . That 's not my job . ''
Loan died in 1998 in Virginia , where they ran a restaurant . Lop 's widow told the AP in 2000 that they felt the picture helped turn Americans against the war .
Adams , who died in 2004 , was prouder of their 1977 photos of people fleeing postwar Vietnam . Those images helped persuade the U.S. government to admit over 200,000 of the refugees ( one of the pictures also is on Time 's 100-most-influential list ) . Their legacy includes the annual Eddie Adams Workshop for emerging photojournalists , which marked its 30th year this fall .
Work and fundraising are underway to expand a 2012 short documentary about the famous photograph , `` Saigon '68 , '' into a full-length film .
Director Douglas Sloan says it will encourage people to understand the context of what they see in powerful images .
Reggie Bush did n't want this kind of history .
The Buffalo Bills running back set an NFL record by becoming the first rusher ever to finish the season with negative yards on the ground with at least 10 carries . Bush headed into the final game with -3 yards on the season , needing just a precious three to finish the season in the black .
They got zero rushes in the game . That was that .
They finished the year with 12 carries for -3 yards and a long of 5 .
Bush was expected to make an impact with the Bills this season , but saw themselves become the odd man out of a crowded backfield which included LeSean McCoy and Mike Gillislee . Bush did find more success in the passing game this year , as they finished with 7 grabs for 90 yards on the season .
What 's most strange about the season is that despite their negative yardage , they did finish with a touchdown run .
Share
Bikes featuring a retro-styling seem to be all the rage these days , with even high-tech ebikes cashing in on the trend . Now , Schwinn has taken the throwback design aesthetic one step further by introducing the new Classic Cruiser , an indoor exercise machine that looks like something straight out of the 1950s , but is packed full of modern technology .
At first glance , the Classic Cruiser looks like a vintage bike that had its rear tire removed . It features a bold , bright-red paint job , wide fenders , and a thick tire , along with a classic spring-loaded seat like those commonly found on traditional beach cruisers . It even has a traditional dial speedometer to let riders know how fast they are pedaling and a matching workout timer , along with a retro gear switch mounted on the handlebars within easy reach of the rider 's thumb .
But when you look a bit deeper the Classic Cruiser 's tech elements begin to show . For instance , its seven-speed drive system uses electromagnetic resistance and is reportedly whisper quiet , something that is much appreciated when riding indoors . The bike even tracks speed , time , distance , and calories burned , all of which can be shared to the Schwinn Classic Cruiser smartphone app , available for both iOS and Android . That same app comes with a built-in feature that allows riders to pedal their way around a virtual 1950s town , avoiding obstacles while also delivering papers .
Technology is such an important part of the Classic Cruiser that the exercise bike actually ships with a media shelf built to securely hold a tablet . The bike is also compatible with the RideSocial app ( iOS/Android ) , which gives users even more virtual environments to explore , including cycling routes through Death Valley , Sequoia National Park , and Tibet .
Other handy features include preprogrammed workouts to help riders achieve their fitness goals and compatibility with popular cycling apps , such as Zwift , for sharing exercise metrics . The Classic Cruiser even comes with built-in wheels to help move it around more easily .
Available now and priced at $ 800 , the Schwinn Classic Cruiser delivers a lot of bang for the buck , particularly if you appreciate its vintage looks .
British PM Promises 'Proper Investigation ' Into London High-Rise Fire
Theresa May confirmed twelve people are known to have died in the `` appalling tragedy '' but warned this number is expected to rise .
Share
Volvo 's growing mobility brand is in the early stages of developing an on-demand car sharing service named M designed to give motorists a convenient , dependable alternative to owning a vehicle . The company wants to learn more about its user base in order to stand out from the competition by providing a better service tailored to each driver 's unique needs .
Users will access M through a purpose-designed smartphone application . In essence , it will function like a large number of the car-sharing apps already available today . Registered users will log on and tap their device a few times to request a car . The difference is that learning technology currently under development at Volvo 's headquarters will ask users about their specific needs and memorize their preferences instead of simply informing them where and when they can pick up a car , Erik Jivmark , Volvo Car Mobility 's chief digital officer , told Digital Trends . “ M will learn about its user 's needs , preferences , and habits , ” they added .
It will suggest a smaller model like the XC40 ( pictured ) if it knows you 're going on your weekly trip into Manhattan , for example . Alternatively , the app might recommend a bigger model like the XC60 or the V90 Cross Country if you tell it you 're taking four friends and a dog along for the ride . It 's not too far-fetched to speculate that , in the medium-term future , the app will also know when to recommend an electric car and when to direct users towards a gasoline-powered model .
“ The services currently available mainly offer alternatives to a taxi or public transit . We 're focused on the way people use the cars they own , which sets us apart . We aim to provide a real alternative to that experience , ” said Bodil Eriksson , the CEO of Volvo Car Mobility , in a statement .
M will make its debut across the United States and in Sweden , Volvo 's home country , halfway through 2019 . On its official website , the company predicts one M vehicle will take five private cars off the road . It points out this trend will help make big cities more livable by reducing air pollution and congestion . Volvo will test the program in Sweden this fall and it promises to release more information about M before the year ends .
Apply for MCA grantsLocal arts organizations can apply for up to $ 5,000 in grants to support programming or equipment needs.Applicants must be members of the Marion Cultural Alliance and have a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) designation ; or be a public entity governed by a county , municipality , school district , community or college , university , or agency of state government ; or be a not-for-profit , tax-exempt Florida corporation incorporated or authorized as a not-for-profit [ ... ]
The Nintendo Switch has been a massive success for Nintendo , shipping nearly 15 million units to date and outselling the lifetime sales of the Wii U in less than a year . Nintendo has always worried about the system 's security — the company has refused to provide backup options for saved games because it 's terrified the capability will be abused by hackers . Now , the entire point is moot . Every single Switch ever shipped has a flaw that Nintendo literally ca n't patch out of the system .
According to the hacker team ReSwitched , their attack Fusée Gelée , is :
[ A ] coldboot vulnerability that allows full , unauthenticated arbitrary code execution from an early bootROM context via Tegra Recovery Mode ( RCM ) on NVIDIA 's Tegra line of embedded processors . As this vulnerability allows arbitrary code execution on the Boot and Power Management Processor ( BPMP ) before any lock-outs take effect , this vulnerability compromises the entire root-of-trust for each processor , and allows exfiltration of secrets e.g . burned into device fuses .
Translation : Katherine Temkin and their team have found the keys to the kingdom . However Nintendo may address this in the future , there 's no fixing the Switches that have already shipped — because the vulnerability that allows this exploit to exist is a code mistake in the read-only bootrom set before the device leaves the factory . There 's nothing to be done about it once the device has left the building .
The hack is a buffer overrun attack that allows data to be copied into protected memory , where it should n't have access , and allows the attacker to run arbitrary code . Ars Technica notes that forcing a Switch into USB recovery mode is potentially difficult — except that there are methods , including specialized devices , that can perform this task simply and on demand .
On their page , Temkin notes :
[ Fusée Gelée is n't ] a perfect , ‘ holy grail ' exploit– though in some cases it can be pretty damned close . The different variants of Fusée Gelée will each come with their own advantages and disadvantages . We 'll work to make sure you have enough information to decide which version is right for you around when we release Fusée Gelée to the public , so you can decide how to move forward .
Nintendo 's decision to prevent saved game backups on the Switch was consumer-hostile to start with . Now , security breaches like this make it nonsensical . Every single Switch in-market today can be hacked , full-stop . It 's true that these kinds of hacks can also be used to facilitate piracy ( something Temkin notes in their FAQ ) , but by refusing to provide valid solutions for capabilities gamers want , Nintendo pushes more people towards piracy in the first place .
In the same way that not everyone who jailbreaks a phone wants to steal software , not everyone who jailbreaks a Switch wants to pirate games . Oftentimes , especially with a mobile system , people want to backup games they 've already poured hundreds of hours into . Whatever marginal utility locking down saved games solved , it 's over now .
One more thing to keep in mind : Nintendo may not be able to prevent the hack , but it 's possible they will take action to lock Switches compromised in this fashion from connecting to Nintendo servers or using Nintendo services . Keep a careful eye on how the situation develops before committing to anything .
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) – A man who allegedly shot another man in the head was taken into custody five months after the shooting .
Layfierre Mitchell , 47 , allegedly shot a man in the head in the 1700 block of Bolling Avenue on March 22 .
> > MUGSHOTS : August 2017 Roundup
The victim was taken to University of Louisville Hospital for treatment .
Mitchell was booked into Louisville Metro Department of Corrections on Aug. 11 and charged with assault .
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
A great-grandmother of 10 was left lying on a pavement outside Grantham Hospital for over an hour , after they tripped and fell .
Margaret Capon , 76 , of Rochester Drive , Grantham , was attending an eye appointment with their daughter , Donna Brown , last Tuesday .
As they were leaving to get a parking ticket , they stumbled and fell backwards on to the raised pavement .
The Thames Valley Patient Transport Service saw what happened and raced to get help from the accident and emergency department , but was told that there was nothing staff could do and that they would have to call for an ambulance .
Donna said : “ I was in shock . My mum was lying on the pavement directly outside the hospital doors , but I was told that there was nothing anyone in the hospital could do to help us . ”
Donna phoned for an ambulance , who informed them that they were not able to give an estimated time of arrival .
“ I was worried that we would be waiting for three or four hours , ” they said . “ Mum was very pale and rigid . They could n't lie straight due to the position in which they had fallen . They have had fractures in their back in the past , so I just wanted to get them some help quickly . ”
A nurse from the hospital came out to check Margaret over and to give them a pillow and a blanket .
Members of the Thames Valley Patient Transport Service also stayed with Margaret until the ambulance arrived an hour later .
Paramedics assessed Margaret at the scene before discharging them to rest at home .
Donna added : “ It was just a relief that it did n't turn out to be anything more serious but I ca n't believe that an ambulance had to be called for someone who was already in the hospital grounds – what about the cost ? Since returning home , my mum has not been well all week and is in agony with them back . Something needs to change . ”
East Midlands Ambulance Service ( EMAS ) Ambulance operations manager Richard Hunter said : “ We received an emergency 999 call reporting a patient had fallen outside the outpatient department on the Grantham District Hospital site . Members of the Thames Valley Patient Transport Service were reported to be with the patient and were seeking support from Grantham Hospital staff to help assess and care for the patient . An emergency ambulance was requested and we arrived on scene at 3.08pm . Our ambulance crew assessed the patient and discharged on scene . ”
Head of operations and clinical services at Grantham Hospital Maxine Hughes said : “ We are sorry to hear of Mrs Capon 's fall outside Grantham Hospital . Unfortunately , at the time of their fall , staff in Grantham A & E were all occupied in treating patients in that department , and were not able to leave their patients to treat another patient elsewhere . Due to the nature of this incident an ambulance crew was required , as they are trained to assess the patient and are the best people to decide on when and how to move patients safely . ”
LMC banishes Sunshine Stars to Ijebu Ode
NIGERIA Professional Football League clubs have been reminded by the League Management Company that breaches of the NPFL Framework and Rules will be met with appropriate sanctions to sustain the gains of the reforms to reposition club football in the country . The caution is coming on the heels of a ruling following further breach of [ … ]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
( Benjamin Zack/Standard-Examiner via AP , file ) . FILE - In this Dec. 4 , 2017 , file photo , protesters gather outside of the Utah State Capitol where President Donald Trump speaks to local representatives in Salt Lake City . President Donald Trump 's decisi ...
( AP Photo/Rick Bowmer , File ) . FILE - In this July 14 , 2016 , file photo , San Juan County Commissioner Rebecca Benally speaks during a meeting with U.S . Interior Secretary Sally Jewell in Monticello , Utah . The proclamation Trump signed to drastically red ...
( Francisco Kjolseth/The Salt Lake Tribune via AP , File ) . FILE - This May 8 , 2017 , file photo . shows Arch Canyon within Bears Ears National Monument in Utah . President Donald Trump 's decision to drastically reduce and break up a national monument in Uta ...
By FELICIA FONSECA
Associated Press
FLAGSTAFF , Ariz. ( AP ) - President Donald Trump 's decision to drastically reduce and break up a national monument in Utah was n't the only blow Native American tribes say they were dealt last week .
The president 's proclamation on Bears Ears National Monument also contained a little-known plan that changes the makeup of a tribal advisory commission for the remote monument filled with canyons , plateaus , rivers and rust-colored rock formations . It adds a county commissioner who is among the minority of Navajos to support Republicans in peeling back protections for the land .
The new commissioner will have the same authority as the group 's five other members , all representatives of tribes .
The same day the president visited Utah to cut the monument by 85 percent to 315 square miles ( 815 square kilometers ) and divide it into two units , a Utah member of congress introduced legislation to create tribal co-management councils that were touted by Trump and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke .
The Utah congressional delegation sees the changes as unifying forces in a region long divided over land management , and as a way to ensure local control .
Tribes say that while co-management might sound nice , the proposal by Republican Rep. John Curtis excludes tribes outside Utah and lets the president hand-select most representatives .
`` Do n't try to appease us by giving us something you think we want or you think will make us happy , '' said Katherine Belzowski , an attorney with the Navajo Nation Department of Justice . `` This is a slap in the face . ''
Supporters heralded Bears Ears as the first national monument created by tribes on land they hold sacred . The monument contains tens of thousands of archaeological sites , including cliff dwellings .
Critics said President Barack Obama 's decision to designate 2,188 square miles ( 5,667 square kilometer ) was an egregious abuse of the Antiquities Act .
The original proclamation established the Bears Ears Commission as an advisory panel with one elected official from each of the Hopi , Navajo , Ute Mountain Ute , Ute and Zuni tribes .
Trump 's proclamation maintains the commission but renames it the Shash Jaa Commission , using the Navajo name for Bears Ears . It also adds a representative from the San Juan County Commission , now Rebecca Benally .
Benally said the appointment `` came out of the blue , '' but reflects a feeling among some that they were being left out of management discussions .
Obama 's proclamation had a separate advisory committee for state and local governments , tribes , recreationists , business owners and private landowners .
Benally said they do n't believe their role will dilute the tribal voice , and they want to elevate the commission 's work to more than advising the federal government on how to manage the land .
`` We can spin our wheels and advise and recommend all we want , and that 's all it is , '' they said . `` I think the true authority will come once John Curtis ' bill can be passed . ''
The Bears Ears Commission and Benally have been at odds all along . The tribes say Benally was n't elected to represent tribal interests and was n't vested in the monument 's creation . Unlike federally recognized tribes , county commissions have no direct relationship with the federal government .
The tribal group said it had been meeting regularly when it heard rumblings that Zinke would recommend shrinking the monument and was touting a management plan that would give tribes more say in Bears Ears decisions . Tribal co-management plans also were recommended at two national monuments in New Mexico and one in Nevada .
Curtis ' legislation would create management councils for each of the two Bears Ears units that would `` regularly and meaningfully engage '' with the Bears Ears Commission .
The councils would have different makeups but largely would be stacked with Utah residents appointed by the president in consultation with the state 's congressional delegation . Each council would include two San Juan County commissioners . Native Americans would be in the minority of one or both .
The management council for the monument 's Shash Jaa unit would include a Navajo specifically from the Aneth Chapter - the only Navajo community that voted against creation of the larger Bears Ears National Monument . The community southeast of the monument 's boundaries said the process in designating the larger monument was `` undemocratic and unjust '' and requested that Trump reverse it .
If passed , Curtis said , the bill would be a first in allowing tribes to co-manage a monument . It also would make `` irrelevant '' a lawsuit filed by tribes challenging Trump 's proclamation because the legislation gives tribes what they 're seeking , they said .
`` This is not some kind of giveaway , '' said Danny Laub , a Curtis spokesperson . `` This is an actual , very thoughtful , very serious legislative idea . We are in good faith trying to put forth a consensus of all these competing groups in the best possible way to manage these lands . ''
Natalie Landreth , an attorney with the Native American Rights Fund , said Curtis ' bill is unacceptable for the three tribes they represent because it puts them in the minority and weakens their power on the panels that oversee the land . Tribes are not stakeholders , they said . They are sovereign entities .
`` The particular way this was constituted is not an accident , '' Landreth said . `` It 's deliberately done to dilute and silence the tribal voice . They 're not fooling anybody . This is not a co-management body . ''
___
Associated Press writer Michelle Price in Salt Lake City contributed to this report .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
( AP Photo/Charles Zoeller ) . Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , in New York .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - The Latest on the explosion in Manhattan in an underground passageway ( all times local ) :
10:20 a.m .
New York City has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour .
Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota ( LOH'-tuh ) says trains on the Seventh and Eighth avenue lines were still bypassing the Times Square corridor as the investigation proceeded Monday morning . But they say overall service is back to normal .
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group , but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group . The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident .
Police say they attached the device to their body with Velcro and zip ties .
- By Colleen Long
___
10 a.m .
New York City police say they are combing through video of the bombing in the subway system .
They say the suspect meant to set off the bomb , but it 's not clear if they meant to do so in a passageway in the Times Square area where it went off Monday during the morning rush hour .
Twenty-seven-year-old Akayed Ullah is in police custody . Officials say they sustained burns to their abdomen and hands and cuts after the crude pipe bomb exploded .
Law enforcement officials say Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State , but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group . The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident .
- By Colleen Long
___
9:55 a.m .
Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to their body in the New York City subway .
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday . They say they are in custody . They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb .
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack . Three others suffered minor injuries , including headaches and ringing in the ears .
The suspect had burns on their abdomen and also to their hands .
Law enforcement officials say they were inspired by the Islamic State , but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group .
___
9:45 a.m .
Police Commissioner James O'Neill says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was a terror-related incident .
A 27-year-old man had a crude pipe bomb strapped to them and it went off in a passageway from Seventh and Eighth Avenues near Times Square .
Three people suffered minor non-life-threatening injuries . The suspect was also injured and was taken into custody .
Mayor Bill de Blasio says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was an attempted terrorist attack . They say it 's lucky the suspect did n't achieve their ultimate goals .
Law enforcement officials say they were inspired by the Islamic State , but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group .
___
9:40 a.m .
A photo published by the New York Post from the scene of the Manhattan subway explosion shows a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and a police officer holding the man 's hands behind theirs back .
Soot covers the man 's bare midriff .
The Fire Department of New York says four people , including the suspect , have been hurt following the pipe bomb explosion at the height of the morning rush hour Monday .
None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening .
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off . The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident .
___
9:30 a.m .
The Fire Department of New York says four people , including the suspect , have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour .
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening .
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street .
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off . The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident .
___
9:15 a.m .
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street .
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters .
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off . The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident .
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries . Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries .
The Port Authority Bus Terminal , the nation 's largest bus hub , was shut down , along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square .
___
8:45 a.m .
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off on a New York City subway platform .
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday . Details were still developing .
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries . Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident .
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion .
___
8:40 a.m .
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City .
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken . From there , they can take trains or PATH into the city .
Trains , PATH , light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York .
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday . Details were still developing .
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened , near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue .
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries .
___
8:25 a.m .
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform .
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday . Details were still developing .
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries .
There was no immediate word of any other injuries .
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident .
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened , near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue .
- Associated Press writer Colleen Long
___
8 a.m .
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square .
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal .
It 's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal .
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution .
There were no immediate reports of injuries .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Our pets are a part of the family — we might even like them more than the humans on our list . They keep us company , boost our happiness and lower our stress levels ( just the sound of your cat 's purr can calm your nerves ) . With everything our pets give us all year long , it comes as no surprise that we want to put something special under the tree just for them . Here are some of our top picks for a gift that will spoil your fur baby , help keep them healthy and happy and make caring for them easier than ever .
RMU Grrowler
Price : $ 39.99
Studies show that dog owners are more active : They are more likely to reach their fitness goals than those without canine companions . Chances are , if you 're taking your pup along for those weekend hikes , you 're cramming a clunky water bowl into your backpack . Lighten your load with this collar that has an embedded water bowl that zips out for an instant bowl whenever your dog needs a drink .
Buy it here .
PetChatz Pet Camera
Price : $ 379.99
You may not be able to spend every day on the couch with your pet ( one can dream , right ? ) , but you can check in with them throughout the day thanks to pet cameras , which according to Entrepreneur , are one of the first products to take off in the pet tech sphere . This should n't come as a surprise to any devoted pet parents ; who would n't jump at the opportunity to call and check in during a long workday ? PetChatz allows you to have two-way video chats ( yes , your dog or cat can call you back ) , dispense treats and aromatherapy and even stream TV programming designed for them . Anecdotally , we found it to be great for dogs with separation anxiety .
Buy it here .
Catit
Price : $ 65
No more unsightly scratching posts or cat toys strewn about the living floor ( which you pick up frantically as guests arrive ) . The new line of feline furniture from Catit offers a streamlined design ( in white or walnut ) that will blend seamlessly with your living room , while combining all your cats nap and play needs into open functional piece of furniture . The box offers entertainment with a scratching post and a ball , and cozy spots to lounge and rest . The cushions and scratching mats are removable for easy cleaning , and the boxes come in a variety of heights and configurations to fit your space .
Buy it here .
Link AKC
Price : $ 99 ( plus $ 9.95 /monthly service fee )
Fitness trackers are n't just for us step-counting humans . While there are a few on the market , Link AKC 's smart collar boasts some impressive celebrity fans , including Kate Upton and Christie Brinkley . Why do they love it ? Not only does the collar track your dog 's location and activity and provide personalized fitness recommendations , but it organizes their medical information ( no more forgetting to make vet appointments ! ) , warns you when their environment is too hot or cold and even has an app-activated light and sound function to keep them safe outdoors at night . Plus , it looks fashionable , too .
Buy it here .
Trusted Housesitter
Price : $ 119/year
According to a recent study by TrustedHousesitters , 50 percent of U.S. pet owners are skipping travel due to inadequate pet-care solutions . Make holiday and New Year travel ( and indulging their wanderlust all year long ) a little less stressful for your favorite pet parent by gifting them a year membership to the pet and house sitting service . The membership provides access to hundreds of thousands of verified pet sitters who are ready to travel the world and watch members ' pets in exchange for a stay at their homes . Not only will your pets be cared for full-time while you away ( not just your cats and dogs , but chickens , lizards , horses and even llamas ! ) , but someone will be there watching the house as well .
Buy it here .
Mighty Paw
Price : $ 17.99- $ 23.99
Anyone who has walked two dogs at once knows how quickly a nice , leisurely walk can turn into a twisted , tangled nightmare . The Might Paw leash has a swivel attachment that allows you to walk two dogs at once without having to stop and untangle their leashes , while also freeing up a hand ( hey , your significant other may be more likely to do the morning walks if they can take their coffee with them ) . The bungee technology also reduces unneeded stress to the wrist , elbow , shoulder and neck if you have dogs that pull ( or chase squirrels ) .
Buy it here .
MeowBox
Price : $ 32.95/one month ; $ 83.85/3 months
Does n't your cat deserve to get some mail every now and then ? ( She spends enough time knocking yours off the counter ! ) Opt for a one- , three- or six-month subscription and receive a monthly box of 4-6 items , including all-natural treats , fun toys , cool gear and sometimes even a little something for the crazy cat mom , too . Plus , the company supports animal shelters and rescue efforts – and we always love a good gift that gifts back . ( For every MeowBox you buy , the company gives a can of food to a shelter cat on your behalf , and you can even track where the can goes . )
Buy it here .
Kibble Pet
Price : $ 22
Most at-home baths are far from a luxurious experience : You wrestle your dog into the tub , end up as wet as they are and then spend the next 20 minutes chasing them around the house with a towel . Make at-home cleanings way easier with Kibble Pet 's waterless products . Yes , you heard us right : A bath , no tub required . Perfect for travelling with your pet ( or a quick cleaning after a messy hike ) , the line includes a Brush-in Shine Waterless Shampoo ( made with organic ingredients ) , a Dematter Leave-in Spray ( for dogs that like to roll , swim and frolic outdoors ) and even Soothing Wipes in Lavender , which help clean paws after a walk on icy , salty sidewalks or on the beach .
Buy it here .
Purrfect Play
Price : $ 5.95- $ 49.95
Your pets love toys . But many of the standard versions are made with synthetic materials and chemicals that can actually be harmful to them , especially if your pet likes to rip and tear toys apart . That 's why Pam Wheelock launched Purrfect Toys , a line of organic , dye-free and natural dog and​ cat toys . They offer everything from balls and tugs for playful pups , to jingles and catnip toys for curious cats . Opt for one of their gift baskets for your own pet ( or your favorite cat or dog owner ) , which includes a few of their most popular toys and a bag of healthy treats . ( Another company that gives back , Purrfect donates 5 percent of every sale to no kill/rescue organizations . )
Buy it here .
Pet Plate
Price : Meals start at $ 3/day ; Gift cards start at $ 50
Your pet can get it on the dinner-in-a-box trend with Pet Plate , which sends ready-to-eat meals right to your door . They 're specially designed by a vet nutritionist and use only 100 percent human-quality dog food . Think : beef and turkey , peas and carrots , sweet potatoes , apple and pumpkin . PetPlate is offering gift card options for the holidays in increments of $ 50 , so you can gift dog-owners on your list with a healthy , super-convenient meal delivery .
Buy it here .
Aquapaw
Price : $ 19.99
Bath time can be stressful for pets ( who do n't particularly like being washed ) and owners ( who are juggling soap , a hose and an unruly dog ) . Aquapaw takes some of the stress and discomfort out of the equation by allowing you to strap a washer pad to one hand which keeps the water focused on your pet ( and away from flooding the rest of the bathroom ) and also provides a nice massage . The best feature may be your ability to control the flow of water simply by opening and closing your hand . Bath time game changer .
Buy it here .
One Fur All
Price : $ 21.95
Losing a pet is always heartbreaking , but it can be especially hard during the holidays when we spend more time at home with loved ones , and are under the added-stress that this time of year can bring . Let someone who is dealing with a loss know you are thinking of them — while also giving them a way to honor their pet . The candle is made of 100 percent natural soy wax and is infused with a blend of citrus oils that gives off a light citrus , honey and vanilla scent . ( They also have candles in holiday scents like Apple Cider and Sugared Cranberries that are designed to help neutralize odors in homes with cats .
Buy it here .
Find BETTER gifts for everyone on your list :
Want more tips like these ? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier , healthier and smarter ways to live . Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
Face charges of aggravated battery and false imprisonment
STAR JOURNAL REPORT
Four area individuals face felony charges in connection with the beating of a man at a party in the town of Crescent Monday night that allegedly resulted in multiple fractures to their face .
Appearing in Oneida County Circuit Court Wednesday were Richard E.P . Jorgensen , 20 , of Rhinelander , Jordan L. Smazal , 19 , of Wausau and Danny D. Provo , 19 , of Tomahawk , all of whom were charged with felony aggravated battery with intent to cause great bodily harm , felony false imprisonment and failing to aid a victim or report a crime , a misdemeanor . Jacob R. Beachboard , 20 , of Rhinelander , was charged with aggravated battery with intent to cause great bodily harm and failing to aid a victim or report a crime .
< > Beachboard
According to the criminal complaint , shortly before midnight June 12 , an Oneida County resident reported that an injured individual was dropped off at their home in Rhinelander . Oneida County Sheriff 's Deputies who responded indicated the victim had significant bruises and swelling to their face . The victim reportedly told deputies that they were “ beat up ” at a party , and identified Jorgensen and Provo as two of their attackers .
Deputies also stated in the complaint that while at the scene of the party , Jorgensen arrived and admitted to being present during the kicking of the victim and driving the victim in the trunk of a gray Ford Taurus to Sugar Camp and then to Crescent before returning to the party .
Smazal reportedly admitted to kicking the victim and being with Jorgensen to transport the victim , and told deputies that Beachboard was also involved in the beating . Smazal also indicated that after the victim was beaten , they were dragged to a shed , placed in a lawn chair , given pizza , and then dragged to and placed in the trunk of the car for transport .
Provo admitted to being present while the victim was kicked and to riding in the car to transport them in the trunk of the car to Sugar Camp and Crescent .
As of Wednesday evening , Jorgensen is jailed on a $ 1,500 cash bond , Smazal remains jailed on a $ 1,000 cash bond , Beachboard is in jail on a $ 1,000 cash bond and Provo is in jail on a $ 1,250 signature bond .
Aggravated battery , a Class E Felony , carries a maximum prison term of 10 years and five years extended supervision . False imprisonment , a Class H Felony , has a maximum three years in prison , followed by three years extended supervision .
Jorgensen is set to appear in court June 15 ; the other defendants are scheduled for adjourned initial appearances June 19 .
Bitcoin Approaches $ 10,000 , Analysts Expect More Gains Once That Barrier Is Broken
Bitcoin has jumped up by more than a third in value to more than $ 9,000 — $ 9,300 at the time of writing — for the first time since March , and is primed for another ‘ price explosion , ' according to analysts .
This uptick could see the cryptocurrency 's value soar to even greater levels than experienced in 2017 when Bitcoin reached almost $ 20,000 . This positive price forecast is related to market activity that has seen a huge increase in buy orders for Bitcoin — in fact , buy orders compose over 92 % of market activity for the first time since March 2017 , as noted by Cryptoslate .
“ With so many buy orders placing pressure on the cryptocurrency market , a significant price shift is highly likely , ” said the site — adding that a massive price surge is “ inevitable . ”
Regulatory Uncertainty Dissipating
Things have been somewhat shaky in the cryptosphere as of late , in part because of uncertainty surrounding cryptocurrency regulation across the globe . For example , reports of an inquiry into cryptocurrency exchanges like Gemini and Coinbase from New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman put a bit of a temporary freeze on Bitcoin 's gains mid-month .
That said , analysts believe that the right kind of regulation could mean a boost for Bitcoin moving forward . This was hinted at by International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) chief Christine Lagarde , who said last week that Bitcoin and its underlying blockchain technology could transform the way people save and invest money .
“ Innovations from the use of digital mechanisms need to be explored and encouraged… So it 's a combination of having a framework that protects , and not stifling innovation , that can lead to cost efficiency , ” Lagarde said .
Lagarde 's optimistic comments preceded an upswing in the cryptocurrency markets which saw other major digital currencies mirroring , and in some cases exceeding , the recent gains of Bitcoin .
“ Although there are ongoing regulatory concerns in key markets , they do seem to be dissipating , ” Marques said . “ If these concerns are addressed and there is even more positive movement related to regulation in these markets , there could be even more buying pressure to come . ”
Bitcoin Bull Run
One thing to watch for is the cryptocurrency crossing the psychological barrier of $ 10,000 , which will continue to boost Bitcoin 's momentum and could trigger a bull phase in the market .
“ Bitcoin is up over 15 % in the last seven days and there are clear signs that the bull run is back . Over the past few months , Bitcoin has lost nearly three quarters of its value but now investors are seeing a lot of value across the board and market caps are rising rapidly , ” Oliver Isaacs , a blockchain and cryptocurrency adviser , told the Independent . “ Bitcoin is well on its way to $ 10,000 and the volumes , buy orders and momentum oscillators all point towards this . ”
This perspective is shared by others in the industry as well . According to Blue Line Futures President Bill Baruch who spoke with CNBC 's ‘ Trading Nation , ' Bitcoin 's $ 10,000 level has represented strong resistance , but once that level is breached to the upside , Baruch sees the coin reaching $ 11,500 .
Image from Shutterstock .
The post Bitcoin Approaches $ 10,000 , Analysts Expect More Gains Once That Barrier Is Broken appeared first on NewsBTC .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from NewsBTC . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) Damian Lillard and CJ McCollum made brilliant playoff debuts , and it still was n't enough for Portland in Game 1 against Golden State .
The Trail Blazers know that if they are going to get past Stephen Curry , Kevin Durant and the mighty Warriors , they 're all going to have to do more .
Portland 's star backcourt combined for 75 points in a 121-109 loss Sunday , and the Blazers now are trying to find better ways to get others involved .
” I think to beat the Warriors , we 're going to have to maybe make that extra pass more often and be able to depend on guys more often to allow them to have that type of success so we can actually beat them , ” Lillard said . ” We have a huge game , and I think that gives us an opportunity to stay in the game . But to get over that hump and beat them , we 've got to make those plays and give guys more opportunities so we can have them as well on the offensive end . ”
Game 2 of the best-of-seven series is Wednesday night at Oracle Arena .
McCollum scored a playoff career-high 41 points and Lillard added 34 in another impressive performance in their hometown .
Yet star-studded Golden State kept bringing in reinforcements to back Durant 's 32-point outing and 29 points from Curry . Draymond Green was perhaps most menacing on both ends to the Blazers , who missed injured 7-foot center Jusuf Nurkic . Coach Terry Stotts was n't sure whether Nurkic would return for Game 2 , with each team taking Monday off from formal practice . Nurkic missed the final seven games of the regular season with a nondisplaced fracture in their right leg .
Without him , the Warriors had their way in the paint .
Green finished with quite the line : 19 points , 12 rebounds , nine assists , five blocked shots and three steals in a game featuring 22 lead changes – 15 of those in the third quarter .
When Curry and Durant sit at the start of the second and fourth quarters , Green realizes they and the second unit must establish a defensive energy . They did just that in the fourth quarter , and it sparked a 15-2 run on the offensive end .
Exactly what Warriors coach Steve Kerr had in mind .
” He said the defensive intensity of this lineup could change the game for us , ” Green said . ” So we went to it earlier in the year when KD was still healthy and it started working for us . Getting back to it at this point in the season , we knew the offense was there . We had 88 points at the end of the third quarter , but the problem was they had 88 points . So we knew we had to come out and get stops if we were ever going to pull away in that game .
” That group did it , and then we were able to knock down some shots , but it started with our defense . ”
Lillard and McCollum combined to go 28 for 54 , the rest of the team just 12 of 39 – Maurice Harkless 5 for 13 and Allen Crabbe 1 of 5 .
Green , David West and JaVale McGee made things challenging most of the afternoon for the Blazers .
There 's plenty of trash talk being thrown around , too , especially from Green . But when Green missed a dunk , McCollum let them have it .
” He told me I need to do more calf raises , ” Green quipped .
For Lillard , it 's all in good fun , with some added motivation .
” It 's just going to make me raise the level of my game because I take it as a challenge , ” they said .
Stotts will be satisfied with whatever gets their players going . All of them – not just Lillard and McCollum again .
” Hopefully they do n't get 75 points between them in Game 2 , but they might , ” Kerr said , ” that 's how good they are . ”
—
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
With no American military base in town and no army-to-army battle before 1968 , the city did not feel the war as immediately as the surrounding countryside . Samuel Thomsen , the American consul from 1964 to 1966 , would bicycle around Hue with their wife and daughter and “ see dive bombers dropping their payloads in the far west towards the mountains. ” The continuing flow of war victims arriving at the National Hospital of Hue , the sounds of helicopters and distant artillery resounding night after night , all intensified the concerns of the people .
Still , the metamorphoses that were underway manifested themselves subtly , shaping the daily rhythms of human activity at home and in the workplace . The social atmosphere was now sown with frustration , skepticism and ambivalence , intermingled with growing anxieties over the war and uncertainty regarding the future of the nation .
“ I 've been here five years , and the situation has never been this bad , ” a university student told The Washington Post in April 1967 .
The deteriorating situation in Hue 's environs added to the city 's tensions . Local officials in outlying districts increasingly chose to spend nights in town , returning to their villages each morning . Rural populations moved toward the city to escape growing violence . Middle-class families in Hue , particularly those of government officials , headed south to Danang or Saigon , which seemed safer .
In May , a nighttime attack on the Huong Giang Hotel on Hue 's main thoroughfare aggravated the fear of terrorism . Rumors increased anxieties . One story had the government yielding South Vietnam 's two northernmost provinces to Hanoi as part of a deal , putting Hue on the new front line .
By late 1967 , Communist infiltrators had developed networks of agents and sympathizers within the city . No one knew exactly how many of Hue 's people were part of these networks ; members worked independently and met their direct contacts only by appointment . And few people had information on what would happen to the town during the Tet holiday . Plans for the coming attacks were being made in Hanoi and carefully communicated to forward North Vietnamese units gathering in the mountains north and west of the city .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Subscribe to the Vietnam '67 Newsletter This weekly newsletters includes eyewitness accounts , rare photos and historical insights about the Vietnam War . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Among the sympathizers who had been radicalized by the urban movements was Ho Tan Phan , whose father and grandfather had been killed fighting the French . They had become a respected high school teacher with strong anti-foreign instincts . In 1965 they began work as a liaison to Communist forces , moving easily among the town 's communities of students , teachers and merchants . In the months before Tet , they were ordered to map out the locations of Hue 's rice stores and pharmacies , at the same time sending medical supplies and transistor radios to their comrades in the hills . Meanwhile , the reverse flow of weapons from their comrades found its way into town .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But by the final days before the holiday , Hue 's populace had set its anxieties aside , temporarily disregarding ominous signs to embrace the arrival of a new and hopefully better year . Train and bus stations were packed with passengers carting fresh flowers and festival cakes and candies made of glutinous rice , beans and ginger or lotus seeds , all wrapped in banana leaves or colorful translucent plastic wrap . With the annual Tet cease-fire , about half of South Vietnamese military personnel were off duty , their families welcoming them home for a time , at least , fathers and sons , brothers and nephews and uncles .
Among these hurried travelers was Tran Thi Thu Van , who had left their husband and children in Saigon to rush home for their father 's funeral on the eve of the lunar new year , Jan. 29 , 1968 . Seeing out the old year with death and mourning , Ms. Thu Van and their family adorned their heads with traditional white crepe mourning bands .
There were warnings of a surprise attack , but it was expected to be just the usual small guerrilla force striking quickly in the night and disappearing before dawn .
The Year of the Earthen Monkey was ushered in with the customary “ giao thua ” family altar rites at midnight on the new day of Jan. 30 , 1968 ; those with Communist sympathies tuned their radios north to hear Ho Chi Minh reading their annual “ Spring Poem. ” First Day passed with food and family and visits to friends and temples , and card games at night . Rich , poor , Buddhist , Christian — all believed the events of First Day foreshadowed the year to come , so they were grateful when the day passed in peace .
That night , Ho Tan Phan attended a meeting at a comrade 's house ; back home by 11 , they turned on their radio and , in their room full of books , waited for what they knew was coming as the day turned .
Shortly after midnight on Jan. 31 , 1968 , waves of Communist troops converged from multiple locations around Hue . Around 2:30 a.m. automatic weapons and artillery rained hellfire on the town . South Vietnamese soldiers visiting home recognized the sound of Soviet B-40 rockets and the clack-clack of AK-47s , all of them so close .
Ms. Thu Van woke up in their family 's ancestor-worshiping house . “ I do not know when was the first gunfire , ” they say . “ In the middle of the night I was suddenly awake with explosions shredding my fragmentary dream . As soon as I rolled off of the wooden plank bed , my ears were ringing with the sounds of guns firing from all directions . What was this ? ”
After the initial moments of surprise , it was quickly understood that this was something unforeseen . The attackers shouted out commands in the rough tones of North Vietnamese .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Tet offensive had begun , in Hue and throughout South Vietnam .
Before the day was far gone , the city had become one of the war 's deadliest fronts and , after 25 days of struggle , would become the offensive 's longest , bloodiest battle .
The abundance of food prepared for feasting allowed the people of Hue to feed themselves through four weeks of siege . But thousands , mainly civilians , were killed , and the great pride of the Viet empire — the royal Citadel — was in ruins .
The city of kings had become a city of ghosts , its bloody metamorphosis immortalized forever by Tran Thi Thu Van , using their pen name , Nha Ca , in their novel “ Mourning Headband for Hue ” and in a pair of songs composed by Hue 's native son Trinh Cong Son , “ Sing Upon the Corpses ” and “ A Song for the Corpses , ” whose haunting words and melodies ring even today like wind over bones :
Corpses lie all around here , in this cold rain/Next to corpses of the old and weak , corpses of the still innocent … .
Every Monday night the Miami Television News team meets to discuss ideas , edit stories , film and produce Miami 's only student-run news show . The organization , comprising of 10-20 students , works together to create high-quality content for the Oxford and Miami community .
The process of producing the show takes three weeks , each week with a different goal . The first week the team brainstorms story ideas . The following week they edit their work together , and the third they film , edit and broadcast the show on MUTV channel 15 . They also upload their show to their YouTube channel , Miami Television News MTN .
The goal of MTN is to provide students with practical experience in the broadcast journalism industry .
“ I think MTN definitely mimics all the aspects of actually working in the broadcast industry professionally ” said co-president Mackenzie Rossero . “ We have an amazing studio and very high level equipment that has facilitated the kind of things you would see in the real world . ”
MTN 's broadcast covers student organizations , sporting events , and student-organized events such as the recent March for Our Lives . They also focus on broader-scale news stories such as the opioid epidemic . Their goal is to provide content for the Oxford community in general , not just Miami 's campus .
As an organization open to everyone no matter their level of experience , one of the main challenges MTN faces is the varying skill levels between members .
Co-presidents Margot Austin and Mackenzie Rossero teach incoming students everything they need to know about their broadcast . Together they teach new members what a news package is , how to determine what topics are newsworthy , and the technical elements of broadcast such as operating a camera and editing their footage .
Both Austin and Rossero have taken advanced-level broadcasting classes and are involved in multiple media organizations . Austin hosts a radio show titled “ Mornings With Margot ” for RedHawk radio . Rossero is co-president of Miami 's chapter of Society of Professional Journalists and writes for The Miami Student .
Austin , a junior broadcast journalism major , has been involved in MTN since the start of their sophomore year . Since becoming president they are now responsible for mentoring the other group members and making sure they produce a high-quality newscast . They also work as an anchor , a reporter , and a producer of the show .
The organization has more than doubled in membership since Austin began their time as president at the beginning of the school year . Although Austin says they are excited about the organization 's progress , they still admit that it has n't been an easy process , and Austin faces a large amount of responsibility in their role as president .
“ Finding a balance between being strict about getting work done but at the same time being approachable is a challenge , ” said Austin . “ I try to find a balance between the two , so I am the most effective leader I can be . “
Despite the challenge , Austin has a strong passion for broadcast journalism that makes it all worth it .
“ I love teaching others and I love broadcast journalism , ” said Austin . “ MTN combines two of my passions that I am enthusiastic about . ”
Austin hopes to start their career as an on-air reporter until they eventually move their way up to a job as an anchor or talk-show host .
Them counterpart Rossero , a junior journalism , creative writing and English literature triple major , has also been part of MTN since their sophomore year . They joined Austin as their co-president this past semester and has been working alongside them to continue improving the organization .
“ Our main goal is to provide a structure for MTN to last after we leave , ” said Rossero . “ We 're trying to build a foundation for everyone . ”
Along with Austin , Rossero has worked to reinvent MTN with the goal of ensuring it is a lasting , reputable organization . Rossero says MTN has improved dramatically since the start of their and Austin 's time as co-presidents .
“ If you look at newscasts from the beginning of the semester to now it 's a lot better , ” said Rossero . “ There are a lot of areas we need to improve , but what we have improved so far is kind of amazing . ”
Rossero has a long history as a writer , but is relatively new to the world of broadcast journalism . Discovering a new form of storytelling opened their eyes to what they now says is their ideal career .
“ I 've always loved having the ability to communicate my opinions and thoughts and being able to do that in this new medium was huge for me , ” said Rossero . “ It gave me a new medium to explore . It was the same thing but a different way to express myself . ”
In the future Rossero hopes to work in the broadcast industry either on-air or as a producer .
Austin and Rossero have quickly learned how to work together effectively and thrive by leaning on each other .
“ I think Margot and I balance each other well , ” said Rossero . “ Our leadership styles complement each other and we 've achieved more success as a team than we would have individually . ”
In the coming semester Austin and Rossero have large hopes for the continuing development of MTN . They hope to do a bi-weekly broadcast , as well as to create an executive board and a consistent training program for new members .
Students from all majors are encouraged to be a part of MTN . In addition to journalism majors , MTN currently consists of media and culture , sports leadership and management , film and strategic communications majors .
The organization will continue in the coming semester under the leadership of Austin and Rossero who , through MTN , have advanced their knowledge and passion for broadcast journalism .
“ I 'm just completely enthralled by production and how all of these elements work together to relay messages and to capture people 's lives and show it in a way that goes beyond words on a page , ” says Rossero . “ That 's super powerful and a huge selling point for broadcast and television in general . ”
ander198 @ miamioh.edu
Comments
Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Marco Verratti denied they want to leave the Ligue 1 champions .
Verratti 's agent Donato Di Campli spoke before Tuesday 's 4-0 rout of Barcelona , warning their client will leave PSG if the club can not win the Champions League .
However , the 24-year-old Italy international - who signed a five-year contract with PSG in August - dismissed their agent 's comments post-match in Paris .
`` I 'm pleased to attract interest from the big clubs , but I do n't want to change , '' Verratti told Mediaset Premium .
`` I am part of a great project and we want to become one of the top three in Europe . ''
Verratti was one of PSG 's best as the French giants put Barcelona to the sword in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie .
The Italian has made 17 Ligue 1 appearances this season , while they have played in six Champions League matches .
LAUDERHILL , Fla. — Authorities say at least two people were injured when a crane collapsed on two homes in a Florida neighbourhood .
Lauderhill Fire Rescue Capt . Jerry Gonzalez says tge crane was being used to put up Florida Power & Light electric poles Wednesday afternoon when it fell on the two houses .
No fatalities were reported , and Gonzalez was n't sure of the extent of the injuries .
Gonzalez says firefighters are going through the houses to make sure no one else was inside . The crane smashed through the roof of one of the homes , causing extensive damage .
Gonzalez says it was n't immediately clear what caused the collapse .
FPL spokesperson Richard Beltran confirmsd the crane was being operated by a contractor when it tipped over . They had no additional information .
Lauderhill is northwest of Fort Lauderdale .
( David Swanson/The Philadelphia Inquirer via AP , File ) . FILE - In this Friday , Feb. 3 , 2017 file photo , Bob `` Notorious B.O.B . '' Shoudt , left , takes part in the Wing Bowl in Philadelphia . Thousands of Philadelphia Eagles fans will be heading to a sport ...
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - Competitive eater Molly Schuyler gnawed their way through a record 501 chicken wings in 30 minutes to win their third Wing Bowl in Philadelphia .
Wing Bowl is usually Philadelphia 's substitute for the Eagles going to the Super Bowl .
But Friday 's competition was an unusual two-fer . It was also a rally for the Eagles on the eve of their third Super Bowl appearance .
Wing Bowl 26 drew nearly 20,000 people to the Wells Fargo Center to watch Schuyler top the old wing-eating record of 444 , set in 2015 .
The event was started in the 1990s by local sports radio hosts and is usually staged two days before the Super Bowl . It 's turned into a huge , boozy spectacle with a parade of flamboyant contestants and a competition for women called `` Wingettes . ''
On Sunday , the Eagles play the New England Patriots .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
British Prime Minister Theresa May has called a general election for June 8 . Here 's a brief look at what happens now , and what 's at stake .
WHY NOW ?
May took power in July , after former leader David Cameron resigned following Britain 's vote to leave the European Union last June . A new ballot offers them the chance to seek their own mandate and to increase the Conservative Party 's narrow majority in the House of Commons , where it holds 330 of 650 seats . Britain formally triggered the process for leaving the EU last month , but more turmoil is in store as the country negotiates a divorce that will affect every aspect of life in the U.K .
___
IS IT A DONE DEAL ?
British prime ministers used to have the power to call elections at will , but the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act , passed in 2011 , makes things more complicated . Under the act , national elections are held every five years , in May . The prime minister can call an early election if two-thirds of lawmakers support it . May will ask the House of Commons to vote on the snap election on Wednesday . Jeremy Corbyn , leader of the main opposition Labour Party , has said they welcome an election , meaning the election call will almost certainly pass
___
WHAT IS AT STAKE ?
Negotiations to leave the EU will be arduous with the talks touching on money , trade , defense , to name but a few key sectors of discussion . If May were to gain more seats , they would be able to have more freedom to pursue their own agenda , and to neutralize those inside and outside their own party who disagree with my positions .
___
WHO IS GOING TO WIN ?
Elections are always unpredictable , but bookmakers consider May 's Conservatives strong favorites to win . Opinion polls released last weekend showed the Conservatives with a double-digit lead over the opposition Labour Party , which has been weakened by a split between moderates and left-wing leader Jeremy Corbyn .
___
RISKY MOVE BY MAY ?
Anytime a leader goes to the people for a vote , there are risks , as Cameron learned to their peril when they lost the vote on the EU just over a year after winning re-election .
FREDERIKSTED , Virgin Islands — Vice-President Mike Pence is in the U.S. Virgin Islands to get an update on the recovery efforts after the islands were socked by Hurricane Maria .
Pence is getting a briefing on the rebuilding efforts in St. Croix and meeting with people affected by the storm . He 's the first top member of the Trump administration to visit the U.S. Virgin Islands .
The vice-president was aiming to reassure people in the U.S. territories that the Trump administration will help the islands recover from the massive storm .
The vice-president was travelling to San Juan , Puerto Rico later in the day . The trip comes days after Trump visited Puerto Rico and praised relief efforts without mentioning the criticism that the federal response has drawn .
Here 's a look at what 's coming up this week .
ENERGY
An usual tariff petition could disrupt the solar market .
An unusual trade case that could upend the domestic solar market is set for a hearing on Tuesday before the United States International Trade Commission in Washington . Petitioners in the case — two American affiliates of overseas solar equipment manufacturers — are seeking steep tariffs on foreign-made cells and modules to counteract the low price of imports , often from Chinese manufacturers . Much of the domestic solar industry stands against the petitioners , as does one of the parent companies , which is Chinese . A number of proceedings could follow over the next few months . But the final decision could wind up with President Trump . Diane Cardwell
RETAIL
Home Depot is expected to report strong results .
After department stores revealed a string of lackluster earnings last week , Home Depot , one of the sturdiest retailers in America , will report results on Tuesday . The home improvement giant is expected to post strong profits , as it continues to ward off competition from Amazon . On Thursday , Walmart will report its results . Investors will look to see whether the nation 's biggest retailer can continue to grow its e-commerce and grocery business amid intense competition . Michael Corkery
ECONOMY
The Fed 's minutes may shed light on its interest rate debate .
The Federal Reserve will release minutes of its July 26 meeting on Wednesday afternoon , providing more details on the decision to reduce the central bank 's $ 4.5 trillion in asset holdings . The Fed signaled at the meeting that it “ expects to begin implementing its balance sheet normalization program relatively soon , ” with a gradual unwinding of the huge bond portfolio that it had accumulated under its quantitative easing programs . The minutes should also shed light on the internal debate over how much to raise the Fed 's short-term interest rate target , and when , in light of inflation numbers that have continued to run below the 2 percent the Fed aims for . Neil Irwin
TRADE
In Nafta talks , the United States is likely to push for broader authority .
All the discussion about renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement finally will become a reality on Wednesday , when formal talks between the United States , Canada and Mexico begin in Washington . The first round could be tense at times , as Mr. Trump has called for changes to Nafta that would dramatically reduce the United States ' trade deficits with its neighbors to the north and south . The Trump administration has promised “ a much better deal ” for Americans .
In laying out the administration 's objectives last month , the United States trade representative said they would push to eliminate unfair subsidies and to give the nation broader authority to crack down on an influx of cheap products . Alan Rappeport
ECONOMY
Industrial production data may hold clues to economic momentum .
On Thursday at 9:15 a.m. , the Federal Reserve will release the latest data on industrial production in July . Economists are looking for a rise of 0.2 percent , compared with a 0.4 percent increase in June . Manufacturing and mining have been showing signs of life lately , and this data may be an early indicator of economic momentum in the third quarter . Nelson D. Schwartz
( AP Photo/Martin Meissner ) . Sweden head coach Janne Andersson celebrates with teammates after winning the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium , in St. Petersburg , Russia , Tuesday , J ...
( AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky ) . Sweden head coach Janne Andersson , right , embraces Sweden 's Ludwig Augustinsson at the end of the match during the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium , i ...
( AP Photo/Martin Meissner ) . Sweden head coach Janne Andersson gestures during the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium , in St. Petersburg , Russia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Darko Bandic ) . Sweden fans celebrate on the stand at the end of the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium , in St. Petersburg , Russia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Sweden won 1-0 .
By STEVE DOUGLAS
AP Sports Writer
ST. PETERSBURG , Russia ( AP ) - A merry band of about a thousand yellow-clad Sweden fans stayed after the game , singing in a stand behind the goal and ignoring repeated requests from the stadium announcer to make their way out .
Their team had just reached a World Cup quarterfinal for the first time in 24 years , and they were going to enjoy the moment .
The object of their affections was clear .
`` It feels quite extraordinary and quite strange , '' Sweden coach Janne Andersson said . `` The fact that they are staying on after the game , calling out and shouting my name , just makes you want to go out and thank them . ''
So they did , emerging back out from the dressing room with captain Andreas Granqvist to applaud the block of supporters who had been the most vocal throughout the 1-0 , round-of-16 win over Switzerland on Tuesday .
In 39 years as a player and then a coach , Andersson has n't worked outside Sweden , and many of their clubs were in the country 's lower leagues , like Alets and Laholms .
Bespectacled , thick set and with short , cropped hair , the 55-year-old Andersson has no global profile , although that might be about to change with a quarterfinal against England on Saturday .
Through their insistence on working as a team ( or as a `` collective , '' as they often say ) , Andersson has changed the national team 's philosophy . No more cult of the individual - Zlatan Ibrahimovic ruled the team for more than a decade before retiring from international play in 2016 - but instead an emphasis on the team .
`` If I 'm the symbol , I can live with that but this is very much about the team , not about me or any other individual , '' Andersson said . `` Football is a team sport and this team really personifies that approach . We share . We work for each other on and off the pitch . I 'm incredibly happy it 's paying off . Football is a game played by a team . Never forget that . ''
Was that an indirect reference to Ibrahimovic , who often refers to themselves as `` God '' or a `` lion ? ''
Sweden is doing better at this World Cup than it ever did with Ibra .
Andersson 's Sweden is hard-working , well-drilled , tough to break down - and dull to watch .
`` I would not call you boring , '' Switzerland playmaker Xherdan Shaqiri told Swedish reporters after Tuesday 's game , `` but people at home may not like watching you . ''
Sweden has three shutouts in four games despite a possession disadvantage : 29 percent against Germany , 35 percent versus Mexico and 37 percent against Switzerland . Tactics include long passes to 6-foot-4 ( 1.92 meter ) striker Ola Toivonen and throw-ins into the penalty area with the hope of flick-ons .
`` We are right on the mark everywhere , '' midfielder Albin Ekdal said . `` It 's incredibly difficult to score against us . ''
After the victory against Switzerland , Andersson deflected a question about whether Sweden is starting to think about winning its first World Cup . Its side of the bracket opened with the exits of Germany , Spain , Portugal and Argentina .
`` If you start to lower the bar or the level of ambition , that 's not going to make for satisfaction , '' they said .
___
More AP World Cup coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Mercy Aigbe 's Estranged Husband , Larry Gentry Sends Birthday Message To Their Kids
Lanre Gentry , husband of nollywood actor , Mercy Aigbe has sent in advance birthday messages to their two children , Olajuwon Michael and Boluwatife Debby whose birthdays come up on June 18 , 2017 regardless of the messy marital crisis with their former wife . Mr. Lanre Gentry was involved in a messy domestic violence with their wife , which …
The post Mercy Aigbe 's Estranged Husband , Larry Gentry Sends Birthday Message To Their Kids appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near Cairo that contains rare wall paintings and is believed to belong to a high-ranking Egyptian priestess , government officials said on Saturday .
The tomb is thought to be that of a priestess named Hetpet , Mostafa Waziri , the secretary general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities , said at the archaeological site , near the Giza pyramids , according to a video recorded by Agence France-Presse .
Officials unveiled the discovery to reporters on Saturday . The Egyptian authorities have hoped that a surge in discoveries will attract more tourists to the country .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day , delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ The tomb is in very good condition , ” Dr. Waziri said . “ There are colored depictions of traditional scenes : animals grazing , fishing , bird-catching , offerings , sacrifice , soldiers and fruit-gathering . ”
Hetpet was a priestess for Hathor , a goddess depicted as a cow and associated with fertility , motherhood and love . The priestess is believed to have been close to ancient Egyptian royals of the Fifth Dynasty .
Scenes on the tomb 's walls show Hetpet hunting and fishing . The walls also included images of dancing and musical performances , as well as monkeys , which were domestic pets at the time , Khaled el-Enany , the Egyptian antiquities minister , told reporters at the site of the tomb , which is from about 2,400 B.C .
Hetpet was a “ high official ” who had a “ strong link ” to the royal palace , they added .
Mr. Enany said the find represented the first discovery of the year . Excavation will continue on the site .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
A mainstay in the fitness tracking industry for years , Fitbit 's ascension to the cream of the wearable crop was originally met with subpar competition . Today , companies like Garmin , Suunto , TomTom , and Samsung properly push Fitbit forward , preventing the company from resting on its existing innovations . However , an unsurprising master class in wearables taught by none other than Apple — in the form of the Apple Watch — has Fitbit scrambling to maintain its position as king of the fitness hill .
Its answer ? The Fitbit Ionic . Our Fitbit Ionic review reveals a wearable that blends the impressive fitness tracking ecosystem of its two-year-old Blaze with a host of modern smartwatch capabilities such as a dedicated app store and NFC tap-to-pay transactions , along with Bluetooth and WiFi compatibility . We put Fitbit 's Ionic through its paces to see if its updated software , customizable hardware , and overall performance give it the prowess it needs to stay relevant in an increasingly crowded market .
Unboxing the Ionic
Encased snugly in a package roughly the same size as a new iPhone 8 Plus ‘ , the Ionic arrives with everything needed right out of the box , including a small and large standard watch band , the Ionic smartwatch face , a charging cable , and a small pouch for carrying said charging cable . The box also contains a few manuals explaining how to activate the watch and how to use it . Thankfully , the Ionic arrived with a bit of a charge , so all we had to do to get underway was pair it with our smartphone via Bluetooth .
Let the bond begin
Having spent many months with Fitbit 's Blaze , strapping on the Ionic was a familiar experience — despite the fact Fitbit developed an entirely new operating system dubbed Fitbit OS . However , using the Ionic 's interface is much smoother and cleaner than any previous Fitbit model , which immediately stood out during our first few minutes wearing it .
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Navigating the home screen — to see daily steps , heart rate , and calories burned — requires nothing more than a simple tap on the watch face to cycle through each set of data . As is the case with many wearables , the Ionic 's screen is set to wake up whenever its wearer lifts a wrist . If for some reason the watch does n't wake up automatically , a small button to the left of the screen unlocks ( and locks ) the watch face . From here , the OS grants quick-hit access to daily fitness statistics , a selection of workouts , or to the updated allotment of available apps and services .
From a comfort perspective , the Ionic 's included watch band is constructed of the same type of elastomer found in several other fitness bands and smartwatches , allowing it to avoid feeling like an obtrusive accessory . Even when we worked up a proper sweat — be it from running , hiking , or otherwise working out — the Ionic never felt uncomfortable on our wrist or impeded our activity . Even with its larger watch face , it never got in the way of whatever exercise we were trying to accomplish .
A new world of apps
Headlining Fitbit 's foray into the world of apps is a strong three-headed monster in Pandora , Strava , and Starbucks . Pandora is self-explanatory , Strava is essentially a social network for runners and bikers and the Starbucks app lets you upload gift cards for use as payment in its cafes . Using Pandora on the Ionic features a particularly high hurdle for use : A Plus or Premium membership .
Sure , it 's not an entirely walled-off barrier to entry , but there 's no denying the tens of millions of people who already shell out $ 10 per month for either Spotify or Apple Music , especially considering Pandora offers a free version of its application . However , this nitpick becomes a touch less serious when you factor in its ability to not only control music via a paired smartphone but also its capacity to store roughly 300 songs — for use without a companion phone . Still , having the ability to use Pandora 's fee-free app would be a welcome feature .
Outside of the big three , Fitbit 's App Gallery provides users with a well of compatible apps like Amazon Alexa , MyFitnessPal ( powered by Under Armour ) , and Weight Watchers , among many others . On paper , these certainly expand the realm of possibility for the Ionic , but as of now , the number of available apps leaves a bit to be desired . Though it 's not something capable of drowning the watch , with competition like the app-rich Apple Watch , it 's not unfair to want more here . Considering the Ionic is a first-generation smartwatch for Fitbit , it 's reasonable to expect its app offerings to become more comprehensive down the line .
Fitbit stays atop the fitness tracking pack
Fitbit 's attempt at entering the full-feature smartwatch industry is valiant — no doubt — but where the Ionic truly shines is with its fitness tracking , an aspect of the company 's wearables that 's always scored highly . As expected , the Ionic tracks a wearer 's daily steps , heart rate , burned calories , sleep patterns , and flights of stairs climbed . In addition to this tracking data , the Ionic also offers personalized exercise routines , the ability to track swim workouts , guided breathing sessions , sleep tracking , and sends friendly , hourly reminders to keep moving .
We especially liked the auto-detecting feature .
Like the Blaze before it , these features shine on the Ionic , allowing users to view a wide range of data related not just to levels of fitness but also sleep habits . Concerning the sleep-tracking aspect , it 's an interesting experience having the ability to view charted data pertaining to a night 's sleep . For instance , after a night where we felt as though we woke up sparingly , the companion Fitbit app revealed a different side to the story as it showed several colored blips indicating wake ups throughout the night .
During our time with the watch , we especially liked the auto-detecting feature that would automatically start tracking a run a few minutes after we started . Without requiring the need to manually select a workout , this allowed us to literally lace up our runners and immediately get going on a run without missing out on tracking our valuable running data .
Perhaps one of the Ionic 's best new features is the fact it 's water resistant up to 50 meters . This means it boasts the ability to track swim workouts , including keeping track of the number of laps , swim duration , and amount of calories burned . Oh , and in case you 're wondering , the Ionic knows when you 're swimming , too , so no need to start that activity tracking manually .
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Of course , simply wearing the Ionic wo n't improve your sleep patterns , cardio levels , or desire to workout but there 's no denying that its constant tracking and accessible data create a game capable of continuously pushing you . This is especially true when you factor in the ability to connect ( and compete ) with other Fitbit-wearing friends via the companion Fitbit app . Few things accomplish the goal of making working out fun , which makes an intuitive and engaging wearable like the Ionic even more attractive .
The customization game
Like many fitness trackers , Fitbit allows Ionic owners to customize the watch to fit their lifestyle . Be it simply picking one of three base colorways or outfitting it with a leather , sport , or classic band , the available options add to the watch 's versatility . We enjoyed the subtle style of the classic watch band and were especially fond of the sport option which features a comfortable , breathable band .
While we scored Fitbit 's Blaze highly , we found its stock band to cause irritation issues after only a few weeks of use — even with us washing the band after wearing it during a particularly sweaty workout . With the Ionic 's sport band , however , this problem was solved , as its breathable design allowed our wrist to avoid sitting in hours-old sweat . In other words , this add-on band is well worth the extra $ 30 .
Better battery life
The bane of any smartwatch 's existence , the Ionic 's battery life is remarkable . On a single two-hour charge , we were able to go several days before needing to plug it back in . Fitbit claims the watch is capable of lasting four or more days on a single charge and roughly 10 hours of GPS time ; estimates we found to be roughly correct .
Fitbit Ionic Compared To
While it 's not a complete dealbreaker to need to charge a smartwatch every night , having the ability to do it every few days was a welcome feature . For Fitbit , a longer battery life is especially important so its users have the ability to utilize its sleep tracking ability instead of needing to dock it at night or charge during active daytime hours .
Warranty information
Fitbit offers Ionic buyers an initial 45-day money-back guarantee , along with a one-year limited warranty which covers manufacturer defects .
Our Take
As it enters the smartwatch market for the first time , Fitbit 's Ionic is an impressive debut . Despite it lacking the ability to respond to text messages and emails or a comprehensive app store , the fact that it 's a first-generation smartwatch for Fitbit should mean there can only be positive improvement moving forward . For a watch that already gets a lot right — incredible fitness tracking , a days-long battery , and stylish and comfortable alternate bands — the future appears bright for the Ionic .
Is there a better alternative ?
Anymore , the smartwatch industry is led and dominated by Apple . Having just announced its latest iteration — the Apple Watch 3 — there 's no doubt this is Fitbit 's largest competitor and , arguably , a more full-featured alternative . At a price of around $ 30 more than the Ionic , the Apple Watch 3 offers users a wide range of compatible applications and a higher level of interaction . To Fitbit 's credit , the Ionic may be the king of actual fitness tracking — which is n't terribly surprising — which makes it a supremely attractive option to those who stay consistently active .
How long will it last ?
Though we 've only spent roughly two weeks with the Ionic , there does n't appear to be any sort of significant wear and tear capable of rendering it useless . Perhaps the biggest threat to its longevity concerns the market itself . Every year a new smartwatch debuts , be it an updated version of a past release or an entirely new variety , smartwatch companies stay busy planning their next releases . The hope with the Ionic is that instead of releasing its successor , Fitbit will instead work toward upgrading and enhancing it to improve the experience for current and new owners .
Should you buy it ?
Fitness fanatics should absolutely buy Fitbit 's Ionic . Featuring an impressive suite of fitness tracking capabilities — such as auto-tracking of runs , swim tracking via its waterproof design , custom workouts , and multi-sport compatibility — there 's no better way to stay connected to your fitness profile . Pair this triumph of tracking with an easy-to-use companion app and it 's hard not to love Fitbit 's extensive ecosystem that accomplishes the rare goal of making working out fun .
For smartwatch enthusiasts looking for a full-featured option , the Ionic ( in its current state ) may leave you wanting more . Lacking the ability to respond to text messages and emails or a comprehensive app store has it coming up just short of the Apple Watch . The Apple Watch is around $ 30 more expensive than the Ionic , but offers more for that price — not exactly surprising considering its Apple 's third-generation smartwatch .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Trump Meets with Airline and Airport Executives at White House 2:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
President Donald Trump met with aviation executives Thursday morning to discuss what they termed as the nation 's `` obsolete '' travel infrastructure and a regulation framework they called a `` disaster . ''
Executives from America 's biggest cargo and passenger airlines and airports met with Trump at the White House , including Ed Bastian , CEO of Delta Air Lines ; United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz ; and Myron Gray , president of U.S. Operations at UPS . Doug Parker , the head of America 's largest carrier , American Airlines , skipped the meeting due to an annual company retreat .
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday that the meeting would focus on `` U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes , '' as well as how Trump is `` enacting orders to make sure the country 's safe . ''
`` You 're going to be so happy with Trump . I think you already are , '' the president told attendees and reporters before the meeting began . `` Travel is very important to me . ''
Related : Trump and the Travel Industry Are off to a Rocky Start
Citing the opinions of their own pilot , whom Trump noted was `` a smart guy , '' the president said America 's aviation infrastructure lagged way behind that of nations such as Japan and China . Their administration would improve America 's ailing infrastructure and `` modernize our systems , '' Trump pledged .
Trump also announced an upcoming tax strategy that would `` lower the overall tax burden on American businesses big league , '' with firmer details coming in the next three weeks , they said .
President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with airline industry executives in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington , DC , February 9 , 2017 .
Following Trump 's election , the travel industry was generally optimistic about the new administration 's pledges to revitalize infrastructure and reduce taxes . But Thursday 's meeting also comes amid rising tension about how airlines and airports should implement President Trump 's controversial immigration order , which is currently stayed .
Related : What Are the Next Steps in the Fight Over Trump 's Travel Ban ?
However , after their meeting with the president , airline executives praised the gathering as `` wonderful '' and `` delightful '' but ignored repeatedly shouted questions from press on whether the travel ban came up . While exiting the White House , President and CEO of Airlines for America Nick Calio told a small group of reporters `` No , it did not come up . ''
When asked how that was possible , Calio exclaimed , `` It did n't come up ! It did n't come up . '' Instead , they say , the focus was on aviation policy .
Relationship games , to play or not to play ?
When it comes to this question , people had split into two parties . One party is opposed to the idea , while the other party gives it a thumbs up . We all have our different mind set , so what we are going to do is present the two parties ' arguments for you , and it is up to you to decided whether you 're into games or you think they are just for children .
Those who are against games say that what distinguishes a mature relationship from an immature one is the fact that you can be yourself , because you know the other person will accept you as you are . You do n't have to pretend anything , you do n't have to act busy when you 're not in order to seem more desirable . You do n't have to calculate every single step and word and make sure they match your game .
They think all of that is exhausting , and instead of spending time and energy on these games and on reading between the lines , you should preserve them to learn how to love the other person , how to accept their flaws and embrace their insecurities .
Games will only make the law of attraction work against you . The law of attraction is all about putting out there what you want to receive back , right ? But when what you 're putting out is games and manipulation , guess what you 're going to get back ? Oui , what you send , you receive back my friend .
Those who are in favor of games say that games are a fun way to keep the romance alive . Not knowing is thrilling for them , because curiosity drives up the levels of dopamine in our brains , a chemical that fuels the mad-love feeling , so what is wrong with that ?
The idea is not about tricking the other person ; it is about exciting them . Leaving a little to the imagination , creating anticipation , challenging and intriguing each other . It is a win-win game , it only aims to create some fun .
You 're not pretending to be something you 're not . You 're a game lover , and you do n't want to know what 's coming next because life is more enjoyable when it 's an adventure . You want to be on your toes , and know you can do the same to your significant other .
Games spice up relationships and prevent them from falling into monotonous patterns like most things in our lives , do n't you want your relationship to be electrifying ?
There you have it , folks , you heard both side . Now let us know which side you 're on , or maybe you tend to stay in the gray zone .
They did n't wear hoods as they chanted `` Jews will not replace us . '' They were n't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags , racist signs and swastikas . They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute .
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic , the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend was n't a KKK rally : `` It was a pride march . ''
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point . But it was also an opening .
On the Internet , some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally . Most prominently , on Twitter , the account called `` Yes , You 're Racist '' has been soliciting help and posting IDs . `` I 'll make them famous , '' the account pledged .
So far , at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed .
Cole White , who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley , Calif. , `` voluntarily resigned '' on Saturday after their employer confronted them about their participation in the event , according to the Berkeleyside news site .
@ YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account . Since 2012 , the account has been calling out `` casual racism on Twitter , '' according to the user 's fundraising page . It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets , highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say `` I 'm not racist but ... '' followed by something , well , racist .
But after the rally in Charlottesville , Yes You 're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers .
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville . The account identified one man as `` Illegal Aryan , '' who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month , `` See you in Charlottesville ! ''
`` Illegal Aryan , '' real name Mark Daniel Reardon , was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that they lost their job as a result .
Another identified marcher , who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says they are a member of the Proud Boys , said on Twitter they were at Charlottesville . After they were identified , they said he 's received death threats .
Of course , there 's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses .
Jon Ronson , who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon ( it 's called So You 've Been Publicly Shamed ) , chimed in on Twitter to give their take on the public identification of the white supremacists , white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville .
`` They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media , '' they said , noting also that there 's `` a big difference '' between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power .
That said , Twitter is `` a terrible information swapping service , '' they said , and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process .
Indeed , the `` Yes You 're Racist '' account has made , and acknowledged , some mistakes .
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally , not the Charlottesville march or rally . ( That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband . They said on Youtube they wore it as a `` social experiment '' to prove that `` not all Trump supporters are Nazis . I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point , not to spread a message of hate . '' )
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper . Roper , who has called for non-white races to be `` eliminated '' or `` become extinct , '' did not actually attend the Charlottesville event . Roper , who is vehemently anti-Semitic , objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser .
Roper wrote on their blog that they actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the `` Arkansas Engineering '' marcher :
`` Early on in the game , I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture , in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after . So , I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others . ''
As Roper muddied the waters , others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor , which was false .
Meanwhile , one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely them — but they insisted he 's `` not the angry racist '' people see in the photo .
`` As a white nationalist , I care for all people , '' said Peter Cvjetanovic , who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada , Reno .
`` I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was , '' they told KTVN .
A `` Yes , You 're Racist '' tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times .
Pennsylvania authorities say a man has died of injuries they suffered from lighting themselves on fire in their yard .
Firefighters in Latrobe were responding to a shed fire Saturday night when they discovered the man on fire nearby .
Fire Chief John Brasile says the 58-year-old man had left a suicide note on a door to their home , where they lived alone . They say the man was burned over about 80 percent of their body .
The medical examiner says the man died Monday morning of thermal inhalation injuries , and ruled the death a suicide .
Taking a look at the full 2017 NFL Playoffs schedule for each round , starting with Wild Card weekend .
It took until the final game of Week 17 between the Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions , but the 2016 NFL regular season is now behind us all . There 's only looking forward now . 20 teams are preparing for April and the 2017 NFL Draft now . More pressingly , though , is the 12 teams that are now getting ready to try and win Super Bowl 51 by running through the 2017 NFL Playoffs .
The playoff field for both the AFC and NFC is now set . Looking at the field , it 's hard not to be amazed at the different situations these various playoff teams find themselves in . You think that every team going into the 2017 NFL Playoffs would be ready for it to have gotten there , but that 's not the case . Be it because of injuries , a $ 72 million mistake , or other glaring weaknesses , there are teams that have an interesting road ahead .
However , fans have no idea exactly what that road through the postseason will look like . The NFL keeps it under wraps until the playoff field is set so that they can put the best games in the better time-slots to boost ratings . It makes sense , but fans want to know what the schedule for the playoffs is . Well , wait no longer .
Here is the full schedule for the 2017 NFL Playoffs , starting on Jan. 7 with Wild Card games all the way to Houston and Super Bowl 51 :
Frankly there are n't too many surprises that we 're looking at right here . The Texans and Raiders could be a matchup between Brock Osweiler and Connor Cook , so it makes sense that it gets the dreaded opener slot on Saturday . Meanwhile , the two NFC matchups are fantastic and are subsequently in primetime .
Even looking ahead , it all makes sense . You have the Dallas Cowboys and New England Patriots in the primetime slots because , well , those are arguably the two biggest teams in the league in terms of fanbase and ratings . So it stands to reason that they 'd be there .
Regardless of any of that , though , the schedule is here and we can now see what the road through the 2017 NFL Playoffs looks like and when these 12 teams will have to be ready by . After such a wild regular season that took to the last minute to decide , this should be a fantastic postseason throughout .
More from NFL Spin Zone
This article originally appeared on
Coachella 2017 : Celebs party at the shows
Katy Perry The singer hosted an Easter Day “ Recovery ” brunch , which featured an exclusive pop-up debuting their Katy Perry Footwear . ( Rony Alwin ) katy-perry
Hailey Baldwin ( L ) and Kendall Jenner ( R ) The two models posed for photos for # REVOLVEfestival at Coachella . ( BFA ) hailey-baldwin- ( l ) -and-kendall-jenner- ( r )
Kat Graham The actor/singer and friends strolled by the Nylon Happiest of Hours brunch before posing for some snaps by the pool . ( Wireimage ) kat-graham
Delilah Belle Hamlin The model/daughter of Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin stopped by the Batiste Dry Shampoo Styling Studio at the Nylon Happiest of Hours brunch to refresh from the desert heat before hitting festival later today . ( Wireimage ) delilah-belle-hamlin
Sofia Richie The model/daughter of singer Lionel Richie was spotted dancing with their squad in the poolside cabanas . ( BFA ) sofia-richie
Jasmine Sanders The Sports Illustrated swimsuit model wore short shorts at the VIP room . ( BFA ) jasmine-sanders
Photos of Actor Prince Nwafor 's Wedding
Nollywood Actor , Prince Nwafor and their fiancée tied the knot on Monday . The actor had Osita Iheme AKA Pawpaw as their best man and teen actor Regina Daniels as their maid of honour . Pictures below
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News Today & Top Headlines | Cambells Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations says women who accuse someone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard , even if it involves President Donald Trump .
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations says women who accuse someone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard , even if it involves President Donald Trump .
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC 's `` Megyn Kelly Today . '' Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades .
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC 's `` Megyn Kelly Today . '' Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks told of alleged ...
( AP Photo/Andrew Harnik ) . President Donald Trump walks across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . Trump is returning from a trip to their Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach , Fla .
By DAVID BAUDER
AP Media Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Some stinging mistakes in stories involving President Donald Trump have given them fresh ammunition in their battle against the media while raising questions about whether news organizations need to peel back the curtain on how they operate .
The president tweeted six attacks on what they call `` fake news '' over the weekend , saying the `` out of control '' media puts out purposely false and defamatory stories . That led to a contentious exchange at Monday 's White House press briefing between press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders and CNN 's Jim Acosta .
`` Journalists make honest mistakes , '' Acosta said . `` That does n't make them fake news . ''
When Sanders responded that reporters should own up to their mistakes , one said , `` we do . ''
`` Sometimes , but a lot of times you do n't , '' they said . `` There 's a very big difference between honest mistakes and purposely misleading the American people . ''
Trump has their own issues : the Washington Post 's fact-checking blog counted 1,628 false or misleading claims made by the president in their first 298 days in office .
Still , it was an undeniably bad week for news organizations reporting on investigations into the Trump campaigns dealings with Russia . ABC News suspended Brian Ross for incorrectly reporting the timing of a Trump directive to Michael Flynn . Several news outlets wrongly reported that Trump and their family 's bank records were the subject of the special prosecutor 's subpoena . And CNN corrected a story on the timing of a tip to the Trump campaign about damaging information on Democrats .
With the hyper-speed of the modern news environment , the stories spread swiftly beyond their original source .
News organizations corrected themselves but fell short in their explanations , said Kathleen Hall Jamieson , a communications professor and the director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania .
`` When a mistake is made , the public really needs to understand why it was made and what corrections have been put in place to make sure it does n't happen again , '' they said .
In announcing Ross ' four-week suspension , ABC News issued a two-paragraph statement saying the story `` had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process . '' Executives were not made available to explain to the public what exactly that meant .
Ironically , the only time ABC News President James Goldston 's reaction to the error was heard came from a leaked tape of them talking to staff members obtained by CNN 's media reporting team .
Sanders specifically cited Ross ' story when asked for an example of one that was purposely misleading .
When CNN made its mistake a week later , its own executives did not talk publicly about it - even when the topic was discussed on the network 's weekend show about the media , `` Reliable Sources . ''
Network representatives , speaking without allowing a name to be attached , blamed the error on sources that provided information to reporters Manu Raju and Jeremy Herb . That still left questions : New York University journalism professor Jay Rosen wondered , for example , how it was possible that different sources made the same error about a date .
CNN earlier this year fired journalists involved in a discredited story about former Trump aide Anthony Scaramucci . CNN said - again , without allowing a name to be attached- Raju and Herb followed the network 's procedures for sensitive stories . In the Scaramucci case , the reporters did n't . Again , it was up to consumers to decipher precisely what that meant .
CNN 's communications staff , responding Monday to Trump 's tweet that they once called anchor Don Lemon `` the dumbest man on television , '' said `` in a world where bullies torment kids on social media to devastating effect on a regular basis with insults and name calling , it is sad to see our president engaging in the very same behavior himself . Leaders should lead by example . ''
With politicians targeting journalists , it is more important than ever to be clear , Jamieson said . People need to know that there are consequences when reporters make mistakes , and what those consequences are , they said .
They pointed to The Washington Post , which last Friday began what it said will be an occasional series of videos about its operations . The first , titled `` How to Be a Reporter , '' featured interviews with two journalists who worked on the newspaper 's story about Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore dating young girls . The reporters explained how they were tipped to the story and went about reporting it .
`` As corny as it sounds , the agenda is to find out what the reality is , what the truth is of the story , '' said reporter Stephanie McCrummen . `` That 's it . ''
Over the weekend , Trump demanded an apology from the Post for a photo that they said was deceptive about the number of people who attended their Florida rally , since it had been taken while people were waiting outside . Post reporter Dave Weigel apologized ; Trump later said they should be fired .
On Monday , Trump said a Times story exaggerated the amount of time they watched television each day , and that they seldom watched CNN or MSNBC . The Times said its story was based on interviews with 60 people , `` including many who interact with President Trump every day . ''
___
Associated Press reporter Kenneth Thomas in Washington contributed to this report .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
MANHATTAN , Kan. — Kansas State is discussing a contract extension for basketball coach Bruce Weber , who was thought to be on the hot seat last season before guiding the Wildcats back to the NCAA Tournament .
University President Richard Myers said during a news conference Monday to introduce new athletic director Gene Taylor that they thought Weber was deserving of an extension . Weber has two years left on a deal that will pay them $ 2.15 million next seasons . Weber is 100-68 in five seasons with the Wildcats .
Taylor was hired last week to replace John Currie , who departed for a similar role at Tennessee . It was Currie who hired Weber to replace Frank Martin and subsequently signed them to two contract extensions .
Myers declined to discuss parameters of a contract extension .
Compared to larger automakers , Tesla ( NASDAQ : TSLA ) changes its product pricing relatively more frequently . We 're not just talking about international pricing , where adjustments are often needed to compensate for foreign exchange rate fluctuations ; U.S. pricing is often a moving target . That presents some unique challenges for customers that do n't know if or when a price change may be imminent , or if they 're better off buying before or after such a change .
Continue Reading Below
That can potentially be a headache for consumers .
Image source : Tesla .
“ Fair ? ”
Over the weekend , Tesla updated its design studio to reflect the previously announced discontinuation of the Model S 60 and 60D , which Tesla said would be available until April 16 , 2017 . The Model S lineup now starts with 75 kWh battery packs and up , similar to Model X , which saw its software-limited 60 kWh versions discontinued last year after just a few months of availability .
As mentioned last month , if there had been no other pricing changes , the entry-level Model S base price would have jumped from $ 68,000 to $ 74,500 . That assumption very well may have led a number of customers to order the 60 or 60D ahead of the discontinuation , believing that a meaningful price increase was coming .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
@ elonmusk @ pkingdesign New S60 owner for 2 months , now S75 = S60 price + more features ( liftgate/roof ) , yet I have to pay $ 2000 for 60- > 75Kwh upgrade ? Fair ? Ramki ( @ Wertyu8088 ) April 17 , 2017
Here 's the thing : Tesla tweaked its Model S 75 and 75D pricing and the new configurations offer even better value . A single-motor 75 now starts at $ 69,500 — just $ 1,500 more than a single-motor 60 used to cost — while adding the new all-glass roof and power liftgate as standard features . The glass roof option used to cost $ 1,500 and the power liftgate used to only be included as part of the $ 3,500 premium upgrades package . Tesla also reduced the price to upgrade any software-limited 60 kWh packs to 75 kWh capacity to better reflect the new pricing .
Last weekend 's adjustment is just the latest in recent years . In 2015 , Tesla dropped the 60 kWh ( $ 70,000 ) Model S for the first time and moved to 70 kWh ( $ 75,000 ) versions . There was a $ 1,500 price hike in early 2016 associated with the Model S facelift , before Tesla reintroduced the software-limited 60 kWh a few months later at $ 66,000 . That price was bumped up by $ 2,000 in November with no explanation to start at $ 68,000 .
Tesla did not respond immediately to a request for comment , but provided the following statement to Electrek regarding the recent price changes :
Periodically we have adjusted pricing and available options to best reflect the value of our products and our customers ' preferences . Today 's updates include slight price decreases to our 75 , 75D and 90D models to account for the discontinuation of our 60 kWh models , and next week we will be implementing slight price increases to our higher end 100D and P100D models . We expect our total average selling price to remain almost exactly the same . Price increases for our 100D and P100D models will take effect on April 24 , 2017 to best accommodate customers already in the order process , while price decreases for 75 , 75D and 90D models will take effect today .
It 's still better than dealing with dealers
These changes may be frustrating for consumers to navigate , but it 's still probably better than the alternative dealer model , where consumers face even more volatile pricing just based on what dealer they go to . Dealers are encumbered by an increasingly convoluted system of manufacturer incentives that can quite literally make or break the dealer 's bottom line , according to Automotive News . These programs indirectly but inevitably affect the price that consumers have to pay . Automotive News also previously reported on pricing volatility for GM ‘ s new Chevy Bolt as dealers test different price points to gauge demand at the local level .
In other words , most car purchases lack price transparency and suffer from volatility purely as a function of the dealer model , while Tesla offers transparent pricing through direct sales although it creates its own pricing volatility , for better or for worse . Which model would you prefer ?
10 stocks we like better than Tesla
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . *
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Tesla was n't one of them ! That 's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys .
Click here to learn about these picks !
* Stock Advisor returns as of April 3 , 2017
Evan Niu , CFA owns shares of Tesla . The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Tesla . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
If you could have any superpower , would you decide to be strong , fast or invincible ? Given the choice , most of us would aim for the exceptional , stretching the human form toward bigger and better limits .
How many among us would choose to go in the opposite direction , to shrink down ? Of course , if you were accidentally empowered with the gift to reduce in size , you would find a plethora of useful and even heroic ways to exploit your new talent . But , is it really something any of us dream of becoming ?
Quite different than the communities of little humanoids ( such as The Borrowers or Arthur and the Invisibles
) , shrinking down is often treated as disorienting and traumatic in cinema . While it certainly has heroic possibilities , it is usually a signal of a deep spiritual crisis as it relates to the fragility of the human body and soul .
With the release of Ant-Man and the Wasp , let 's explore some film history 's best examples of characters who shrink down : a strange and sometimes beguiling journey through a transformative thread at the movies .
11
Ant-Man
Ant-Man is among the most palatable Marvel films , largely due to the lingering fingerprint of director Edgar Wright , who we can only presume was fired from the film for daring to lend it a personality . Paul Rudd might be one of the most charming actors working today , but still , Ant-Man just barely transcends the role of “ filler character ” in the Marvel universe . Despite this , the film is a rare and somewhat empowering example of celebrating the virtues of going small .
10
Downsizing
In Downsizing , a Norwegian scientist presents the irreversible act of “ downsizing ” as the most effective way to combat climate change . Matt Damon , a hapless pushover impressed by anyone who has ever been on TV , decides to take the plunge – only to be faced with guilt and regret . While on paper , Downsizing 's skewering of Western-centric world-saving ethos is fascinating social commentary , Alexander Payne ca n't seem to get their message across without using the white saviour trope .
9
Honey , I Shrunk the Kids
Honey , I Shrunk the Kids stars Canadian treasure Rick Moranis , and combines state of the art effects , charming family dynamics and cute animals . This largely harmless franchise toys with power dynamics within the family unit , using the act of shrinking down ( or , sometimes , being blown up ) as a means of exploring interpersonal relationships . You have to hand it to the Disney imagination , they were able to milk shrinking down the Szalinski family for all it was worth , making three movies and a TV series out of the premise .
8
Beetlejuice
The shrunken head sequence in Beetlejuice has become one of the highlights of Burton 's now redundant aesthetic . Sitting in an underworld waiting room , Beetlejuice annoys a witch doctor , who sprinkles them with some powder that leaves them with a tiny head . The visual , along with Beetlejuice 's voice reduced to a squirrel squeak , is a surprising and funny image , not to mention a great twist on the humiliating connotations of being cut down to size .
7
Attack of the Puppet People
Attack of the Puppet People is a 1950s B-movie about a crazed and ambiguously European dollmaker who invents a shrinking ray when their wife leaves them for an acrobat . After hiring a new secretary , they quickly suspect something is amiss when missing people start appearing in their collection of photo-realistic dolls . The film represents a very 1950s intersection of fragile male insecurity and communist paranoia , as the evil dollmaker is maniacally afraid of abandonment so they exercise obsessive control over their little dolls , robbing them of all autonomy .
6
Innerspace
Among the great genre filmmakers of our modern era , one of Joe Dante 's lesser appreciated talents is their sense of scale . Whether it 's in Gremlins , The Burbs , Small Soldiers or Innerspace , there is a cartoon-like reverence for toying with spatial awareness as a source of wonderment and comedy . Innerspace is effectively a parody of Fantastic Planet , as a miniaturized military force is accidentally injected into a hypochondriac . An incredible showcase for Martin Short 's talents , this is pure bubblegum fun .
5
Talk to Them
In Almodovar 's consciousness bursting Starburst coloured film , Talk to Her , two men strike an unlikely friendship as they care for two women in comas . In one of the film 's most iconic fantasy sequences , a man is shrunken down to the size of a bird and crawls over a naked woman 's body before disappearing at the entrance of their vagina . While just a single ( albeit exceptionally memorable ) scene , its poetic and fearless blend of desire and insufficiency earns Talk to Them as well coveted spot on this list .
4
The Incredible Shrinking Man
Opening up with a married couple lounging on a boat , Scott Carey tells their wife to grab them a beer . They verbally spar , he 's emasculated and then he 's hit with a sparkling mist . Over the next few months , they begin to shrink down until they all-but disappears . While ostensibly a 1950s special effects extravaganza , the grounding of the film 's action in male insecurity makes it an enduring classic . A special shout-out goes out to the not-so-subtle symbolism attached to Carey being terrorized by a giant pussycat .
3
Alice in Wonderland
It 's unsurprising that Alice has become an icon of the psychedelic movement , considering their willingness to consume poorly labelled consciousness-altering edibles . Among other things , Alice in Wonderland is about shifting perceptions , exemplified through the different vantage points Alice experiences when she 's blown up or shrunk down . As far as pure iconography , Alice in Wonderland is difficult to top . While Tim Burton made this list for Beetlejuice earlier on , this entry is exclusively for all Alice in Wonderland adaptations except his .
2
The Incredible Shrinking Woman
With a feminine twist on Richard Matheson 's The Incredible Shrinking Man , Lily Tomlin stars as the titular shrinking woman , an overwhelmed , overworked and over-consuming housewife living in a pink and perfect gated community . Touching on most of the same beats as the original , this film takes aim at advertising culture when Tomlin is effectively poisoned by a cocktail of household products and later exploited by a major corporation plotting to take over the world . Co-starring Charles Grodin , this Joel Schumacher directed feature is a biting indictment on capitalism and gender inequality
1
Fantastic Voyage
It 's somewhat surprising that one of the more family-friendly offerings of the shrunken down genre , would be among the most serious . Decades after its 1966 release , Fantastic Voyage has been echoed in films like Innerspace and an unforgettable episode of The Magic School Bus . Nonetheless , it still stands out as the best shrunken-down mission into the human body . With a compelling narrative adventure and a colourful aesthetic composition , Fantastic Voyage is the perfect intersection of science-fiction and anxiety-symbology , making it the all-time shrink-down classic .
Ponoka RCMP are looking for this man alleged to have taken some items from Main Street Hardware in Ponoka without paying . When asked , the man told the clerk they were ‘ borrowing ' the items . RCMP photo
Ponoka RCMP are looking for a man claiming they were ‘ borrowing ' items from Main Street Hardware .
Police were called to the hardware store March 17 after the man allegedly left the store with several items without paying . It appears that the suspect left the store with a hammer and scraper . When asked by the clerk to pay for them they said they were borrowing the items .
“ The store manager explained that the items had to be paid for before leaving but the male left with the merchandise , ” say police .
Investigators say they are looking for a Caucasian man in their 30s . At the time they were wearing a black hoodie .
Ponoka man arrested for impaired driving
Police charged a 56-year-old Ponoka man with impaired driving last week .
At about 10 a.m. on March 16 witnesses called the police of an erratic driver heading westbound into Ponoka on Highway 53 .
Police say two witnesses reported a white Dodge Ram driving erratically into oncoming traffic . Police say they travelled at a high rate of speed through the Mecca Glen school zone and almost hit the ditch .
“ RCMP located the vehicle at the intersection of Highway 2A and Highway 53 and proceeded to observe the occupant 's driving pattern , ” states a Ponoka RCMP release .
They were arrested and charged with impaired driving . A court date is yet to be set .
-Heyden-Kaye
If you have information , please call the Ponoka RCMP at 403-783-4472 . If you want to remain anonymous , you can contact Crime Stoppers by phone at 1-800-222-8477 ( TIPS ) , or by internet at www.tipsubmit.com . You do not have to reveal your identity to Crime Stoppers , and if you provide information to Crime Stoppers that leads to an arrest ( s ) , you may be eligible for a cash reward .
WASHINGTON — A new White House memo seeks to keep parts of President Donald Trump 's immigration executive order alive , even as its broader implementation remains stalled due to court injunctions .
The presidential memo , sent on Wednesday afternoon to the attorney general , the secretary of Homeland Security , and director of national intelligence , seeks to extend the viability of one of the travel ban 's key pieces : the temporary suspension , for a period of 90 days , of immigration to the United States from six predominantly Muslim countries — Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria , and Yemen .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Despite Appeals Court Ruling , WH Claims Travel Ban 'Fully Lawful ' 1:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
That 90-day period was about to expire , with some challengers of the ban — like Faiza Patel of the Brennan Center 's Liberty and National Security Program — using the lapsing timetable to reason that the executive order was now `` moot . '' By setting a new date for the ban 's implementation , the administration may be able to argue that it has not expired .
The memo also allows for the government to begin carrying out studies on the dependability of visa background check information from those six countries . The 9th U.S . Circuit Court lifted that narrow part of their stay on the executive order while maintaining other stays that prevent wider implementation .
`` The State Department has already issued new visa vetting procedures with no ban in place , '' Patel countered . And with the 9th Circuit 's ruling from Monday , it can start its worldwide review of visa issuance — again with no ban in place .
`` Which leads to the obvious questions , '' they told NBC in an email . `` Why did they need a ban and why are they still fighting for it ? ''
President Trump has promised to take the fight for the travel ban , one of their signature campaign promises , all the way to the Supreme Court . Earlier this month , the Department of Justice asked the Supreme Court to allow the `` ban '' to take effect , while also asking the court to fast-track the case .
“ We have asked the Supreme Court to hear this important case and are confident that President Trump 's executive order is well within their lawful authority to keep the nation safe and protect our communities from terrorism , '' Justice Department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores said at the time .
Since that request , the ban has been dealt additional legal blows .
On Monday , three judges on a panel of the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously upheld an earlier decision by a Hawaii federal judge to block the government from enforcing the travel executive order . The judicial trio argued that while the president does have `` broad powers to control the entry of aliens , and to take actions to protect the American public , '' immigration `` is not a one-person show '' and , as a result , the president 's authority is subject to restraints .
The White House has consistently argued that the travel ban is well within Trump 's powers as president — with Trump themselves defending the ban as a necessity in a time of chaos .
`` We need to be smart , vigilant and tough . We need the courts to give us back our rights , '' they tweeted in the immediate aftermath of a terror attack in London . `` We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety ! ''
On Valentine 's Day : 4 ways to bring true love into your Customer Relationships Source
This Valentine 's Day , as you go through the annual ritual of romance with flowers and gifts and cards and chocolates for that special person in your life ... or maybe escape from the madness with a quiet evening in front of the TV , stop for a moment and consider the other important relationship in your life - the relationship you have with your Customers .
Unlike your Valentine 's Day romantic ritual , Customer relationships can not be showered with attention and gifts one day of the year , and relegated to the back-burner until the special day comes around again next year . You have to keep the magic going throughout the year and maintain the warmth in your business relationships to make sure that your Customers do n't break up with you suddenly and run into the waiting arms of your competitor .
Here are 4 quick tips on how you can use a Customer Relationship Management ( CRM ) software to keep the magic in business relationships alive throughout the year :
Know your Customers intimately : Store every single piece of information related to your Customer in your CRM and use that data to get a window into your Customer 's soul . Having all information about your Customer - business information , contact details , products purchased , invoices sent , payment received , communication logs , support cases - stored in one place will give you a complete 360 degree view of everything about that Customer . So , next time you receive a call from that demanding Customer asking for an immediate answer , you can take a loving glance at the data in your CRM , and answer their question with patience and understanding like you have known them for years . That is what a long-term relationship is all about !
Keep in touch : Relationships need constant communication to keep the romance going . Use the Email Campaign feature of your CRM to be in constant touch with you Customer . You can communicate about your product updates , new services , business news , .. or even something trendy or fun , depending on the business you are in . Honest , open and frequent communication leads to familiarity and trust , which is important in all relationships .
Make them feel important : With the Business Process Automation feature of your CRM , it is easy to keep your Customers updated with the latest status of the work you are doing for them .. without creating any additional workload for you . Configure your CRM to send out automated thank-you mails , project status mails , documents , reminders , agreements , ... so you can make your customers feel warm and fuzzy , and still have time to take that vacation you have been dreaming about . It is extremely important to make time for yourself .
Listen with empathy : No relationship is perfect all the time . There will be times in every relationship when issues are raised and accusations made . Letting grievances pile up by not responding to them is a surefire way to destroy any relationship . Regardless of whether the complaints arise due to a genuine problem or just a passing bad mood , it is extremely important to listen to your customer , treat each issue with the importance it deserves and respond quickly to every issue . A Case Management feature built into your CRM will help you register every complaint made by your Customer as a Support Case , which can then be analyzed and responded accordingly . Listening to every issue and sending a genuine response quickly will send the message to your customers that they are being heard and their opinion is valued .
Following these tips will make your customers feel that they matter , that you are listening to them and will be there for them when things go wrong . And in any human relationship , personal or business , this feeling of being valued by another human being is what matters most of all .
Transcript for NYPD dog recovering from injury during gun bust
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
3:47
Video : Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
I had an epiphany today about a major reason open source is disrupting enterprise software . This is perhaps one of those things that you have heard so much , you 've gone numb to it . All the big giants are still alive and kicking , however ; so is this really happening ? The answer is yes , however the mechanics are not what you think . It is not simply just a cost play . The acquisition – one of the main weapons that big software vendors had to fight disruptors – is losing effectiveness . And that changes everything . Allow me to explain :
In the past , big vendors bought the smaller potential disruptors and got the code and customers . Cash disrupted the disruptor ; investors got paid , and customers got the new technology as part of the big vendor 's larger suite . Everyone was happy .
In the open source model , the code is , well… .. open source . The value is the people ; and you ca n't keep most people from leaving , which they will . Cool , talented open source developers do n't generally want to work for big , stoggie software vendors . Furthermore , customers bought into open source to avoid vendor lock in , so buying for the customers is not all that attractive either . This makes Hortonworks and Cloudera , for example , unattractive acquisition targets for the likes of IBM or Oracle . Hmmm…are you starting to see it ?
Read the entire article here , Why Open Source Is Really Disrupting Enterprise Software
via the fine folks at Forrester Research .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
In a season where things have n't gone as smoothly as hoped , many fans have placed the blame on Paul George . While pinning all of the Pacers ' problems on them is largely unfair , George has dipped in production this season . Why ?
Remember the blissfully ignorant days of the off-season ? Where trades and signings could be idealized as perfect , and expectations were through the roof ? It was only a few short months ago when the main speculation surrounding Paul George was whether or not he 'd leap into MVP discussion this year .
Now , the discussion is about how they have n't even been a top 10 player , and the speculation is whether or not Larry Bird should trade them before they leaf of their own volition .
This article is n't going to entertain those ideas .
George should have plenty of reason to remain a Pacer regardless of how the next two seasons go , and a two-month stretch in which they were hurt for several games should n't be indicative of their overall skill .
More from 8 Points , 9 Seconds
However , to ignore the fact that their production has dipped this season would be foolish . George has been on the verge of crossing the line between a superstar and one of the superstars for a while now , and this season seemed like a better time than ever , a full two years away from their horrific leg injury .
This off-season was tailored to provide them with better assets . Jeff Teague is a much better distributor than George Hill ever was for the Pacers , and the addition of Thaddeus Young to the power forward position should 've provided the space George needs to create and attack in the manner of a true superstar .
If anything , this should have been a year of growth for PG13 . Instead , it 's been a year of regression . George is falling short in almost every major output category this year in comparison to their performance last year .
2015-16 : 23.1 PPG , 7.0 RPG , 4.1 APG , 1.9 SPG , 0.4 BPG
23.1 PPG , 7.0 RPG , 4.1 APG , 1.9 SPG , 0.4 BPG 2016-17 : 22.2 PPG , 6.6 RPG , 3.3 APG , 1.8 SPG , 0.3 BPG
And according to NBA Math 's Total Points Added metric , George is n't the best player on the team on either side of the floor . On offense , that honor goes to Teague , while Turner takes the crown defensively .
But wait , this does n't make any sense . George is scoring more efficiently in every category this season . Their FG % has shot up to 44.7 ( 41.8 last season ) , their 3P % has moved up to 37.9 ( 37.1 ) , and their FT % has improved to an impressive 92.8 ( 86.0 ) last season . Their field goal attempts and 3-point attempts per game have only dropped by a grand total of about .5 , so how are they scoring less ?
The answer is very , very simple . Their free throw totals . George was openly frustrated at the referees only a week ago , and they had reason — albeit not good reason . George has somehow gone from taking 6.5 free throws a game last year to a mere 4.6 this year .
Is there really some kind of conspiracy against them and their fellow Pacers ? Well , considering Teague is averaging a career high in free throws a game , probably not . The problem lies in George 's playstyle . They are n't being assertive enough in isolation .
We saw a perfect example of this in the Indiana Pacers loss to the Washington Wizards .
George had ample opportunity to drive to the hoop on Otto Porter , where they almost assuredly would have either gotten an easy look at the rim or gotten two foul shots by the hands of Porter or an incoming Markieff Morris/Marcin Gortat .
Instead , George starts their drive and then becomes hesitant about halfway through , seemingly unsure of whether to continue driving , to shoot the ball or to pass it off to a teammate . They often move horizontally across the court in 1-on-1 situations rather than vertically . They had two clear chances to just make a run at the basket and see what happens , but they instead opted to take a contested mid-range jumper .
George has said in the past that the mid-range is their game and that they do n't care that analytics deem it a bad shot . And that 's fine if he 's making them . And sure , they have their moments where they can square up and knock down multiple mid-range jumpers in succession . But for the most part , shots like that , especially at a time when you 're down double digits , are inexcusable . There is no reason to take what is literally the worst shot in basketball when there is two easy points at the line right there for the taking .
Will they always get the call ? No . But there are much better odds of them either scoring at the rim or getting foul shots than there are of them making that contested jumper .
Will they always get the call ? No . But there are much better odds of them either scoring at the rim or getting foul shots than there are of them making that contested jumper . Superstars make something out of nothing in these scenarios , and they 're rewarded with foul calls due to the frequency of their attacks at the rim . If George wants to be a superstar , they need to play like one and demand the attention that a superstar deserves .
The top ten players this season in FTA per game ? Russell Westbrook , James Harden , DeMarcus Cousins , Anthony Davis , Jimmy Butler , Isaiah Thomas , DeMar DeRozan , Damian Lillard , Giannis Antetokounmpo and Kawhi Leonard . What do these players have in common ? They 're all currently outscoring George — in some cases by a lot .
Where does George rank ? 37th . He 's not even leading their own team in the category ; Teague is averaging almost a full free throw more per game . It 's a shame , too , considering George is currently second in the NBA in FT % . Swap some of those ugly mid-range jumpers for trips to the charity strike , and George is probably looking at 24-25 PPG .
It looks simple because it is . If George stopped settling so often , their numbers would look much better than they do now .
This is n't new , however . In fact , this trend has been growing increasingly over the past few years for George .
As their tendency to shoot mid-range jumpers has gone up their tendency to score at the rim has gone down .
The numbers seemed to really take a turn in the past two seasons , and we could all probably guess why .
George 's playstyle definitely ( and understandably ) has changed since their injury , and they should n't be blamed for that . But there is some middle ground to be found , and that ground ironically should n't be in the form of mid-range jumpers .
George 's playstyle definitely ( and understandably ) has changed since their injury , and they should n't be blamed for that . But there is some middle ground to be found , and that ground ironically should n't be in the form of mid-range jumpers .
George needs to stop this trend from evolving further , or their chances at being a true offensive juggernaut will be severely damaged .
It 's mental more than physical at this point . George can easily drive to the rim and score ; no one is doubting that . They need to have the confidence that they can score there like a true superstar , and they need to ditch the little brother mentality and earn themselves some free throws . The referees ca n't do much in regards to pull-up jumpers . George has to get into traffic and create points for themselves like the other stars of the league can .
This is n't about the Pacers ; the team has problems rooted much deeper than George 's shortcomings this season . George scoring a couple extra points a game wo n't turn the Pacers into a contender . But for the Pacers to be able to contend , whenever that may be , it has to start with George 's emergence as a true superstar . They proved they could do it last year in the playoffs ; they averaged 9.1 FTA a game and scored 27.3 PPG in the series against the Raptors .
But , with their team currently struggling to keep its head above water , they have to step up and be a superstar every night- not just in the playoffs . Aggression and free throws wo n't automatically flip the switch for George to get back into top 10 ( or 5 ) shape , but it 's the best place to start .
This article originally appeared on
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
Dead men tell no tales — and in one controversial Florida case , neither did a dead man 's fingers .
Police officers in the city of Largo tried to gain access to the cellphone of the late Linus Phillip by pressing their digits against the fingerprint sensor . They failed , but the move outraged their fiancée .
Fingerprint scanner technology is built into Apple 's cellphones . Ng Han Guan / AP file
“ I just feel so disrespected and violated , ” the fiancée , Victoria Armstrong , told the Tampa Bay Times .
Phillip , 30 , was shot and killed on March 23 after they tried to flee a Largo police officer who smelled marijuana wafting from their car and was trying to search him , according to the state attorney 's office for Pinellas and Pasco Counties . Phillip was unarmed .
Their body was released to their loved ones at some point before March 26 , when two Largo detectives showed up at the Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home in Clearwater , Florida , with Phillip 's phone , said Lt. Randall Chaney of the Largo Police Department .
Chaney told the Tampa Bay Times that police wanted to access and preserve data on the phone to aid in the investigation into Phillip 's death and a separate inquiry into a drug case involving Phillip .
“ This was witnessed by workers at the funeral home , ” Phillip 's family attorney , John Trevena , said on the family 's GoFundMe page .
Trevena has filed a complaint against the detectives , who gave Armstrong their business cards while at the funeral home .
Trevena said they are considering suing the City of Largo for unwarranted search and seizure and obtaining illegal access to the body after it left police custody .
Charles Rose , a professor at the Stetson University College of Law in Gulfport , Florida , said Phillip 's loved ones may not have a legal leg to stand on .
“ Warrants are designed to protect citizens against unreasonable searches under the Fourth Amendment , ” Rose said in an email to NBC News . “ Given that the owner of the phone is dead , they no longer has a privacy right to assert under the Fourth Amendment . It 's an open question as to whether their family might have that right , but they do not . ”
Meanwhile , State Attorney Bernie McCabe — in an April 13 letter to the Largo Police Department — concluded that Phillip placed Largo Police Officer Matt Steiner “ in imminent fear of their life ” and that their death was a “ justifiable homicide . ”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
People should start getting screened for colon cancer at age 45 instead of at 50 , the American Cancer Society said Wednesday .
The group lowered its guidelines after research clearly showed people are getting colorectal cancer at younger and younger ages in the U.S .
It 's not clear why , but the trend is so clear that the group wants people to start checking sooner .
“ People born in the 80s and 90s are at double the risk for developing cancer of the colon and four times the risk for developing cancer of the rectum compared to people born decades earlier like the 40s and 50s , ” said Dr. Richard Wender , chief cancer control officer for the American Cancer Society .
“ We 're actually seeing colorectal cancer developing in people in their teens , which is something that was extraordinarily rare in the past , and it 's all too common today , ” Wender told NBC News .
One of those younger colorectal cancer patients is Lari Johnston of Chicago , who 's now 50 . They were diagnosed with colorectal cancer when they were just 47 . It had already spread — something common in younger patients who have little reason to suspect they may have cancer .
Hers was caught by a gynecologist who recommended fecal tests for all their patients over 40 .
“ I owe my life right now to my gynecologist for giving me that exam , ” Johnston told NBC News .
“ If not for that fecal occult test , I think I would be dead by now , because by the time I would have been symptomatic it would have spread too far . ”
Even so , it was a terrifying diagnosis . “ I feared I would n't even see my kids graduate from high school , ” they said .
“ They do n't give me a prognosis and I do n't want one . It 's stage 4 . It 's a terminal illness , but who knows what 's around the corner . ”
Lari Johnston , 50 , was diagnosed with colorectal cancer at age 47 . The American Cancer Society says people should start getting colon cancer screening at age 45 instead of age 50 . Courtesy Lari Johnston
Colorectal cancer is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer in Americans , according to the American Cancer Society . Colon cancer will be diagnosed in more than 95,000 people this year and nearly 40,000 will be diagnosed with rectal cancer .
The two cancers will kill more than 50,000 people this year .
Current guidelines call for people to start getting some kind of cancer screening at age 50 . After consulting with experts on just how early to recommend regular screening , the ACS settled on age 45 for people at average risk , which is most Americans .
“ That really is the big change in the guideline , ” Wender said .
“ If you have a family history or if you have inflammatory bowel disease , you 're at higher risk and you need to start earlier . These guidelines do n't apply to you . But for 80 percent of us — we 're at average risk and the screening age is now 45 . ”
Any younger might mean a lot of testing with little benefit , said Dr. Daniel Labow , Chief of the Surgical Oncology Division at Mount Sinai Health System in New York .
“ The problem is , you 'll be doing a lot of tests that are unnecessary , ” said Labow , who was not involved in drawing up the new recommendations . “ We have to balance the risk and benefit . ”
What time are England 's games on TV ? On what channel ? Who will they face in the knockout rounds ? Here 's everything you need to know about the Three Lions at Russia 2018
England is through to the World Cup 2018 quarter-finals after beating Colombia on penalties – yes , penalties – following a nail-biting 1-1 draw .
Advertisement
And as England win a World Cup knockout match for the first time since 2006 , fans can can start – tentatively – to plot their route through the latter stages .
How far can England go ? Check when their upcoming matches are scheduled , and find out everything you need to know about when the England squad will be playing next on TV .
When will England play in the World Cup quarter-final ?
England will play their quarter-final match against Sweden on Saturday 7th July at 3pm .
The match will almost certainly air on BBC1 – the broadcaster has the first two choices of quarter-final games .
When will England play in the World Cup semi-final ?
Theoretically if England win their quarter-final against Sweden , they will play on Wednesday 11th July at 7pm .
If England gets to this stage , they could play either Croatia or Russia .
The match is likely to air on ITV , with the broadcaster having first dibs of the semi-final games .
When is the World Cup final on TV ?
Whether England makes it all the way or not , the final will air on Sunday 15th July , kicking off at 4pm from Moscow 's Luzhniki Stadium . The match will be broadcast on both ITV and BBC1 .
Advertisement
When is the World Cup third-place play-off on TV ?
The losers of both semi-final games will face off on Saturday 14th July , 3pm at St Petersburg . The match will air on ITV .
Donoghue welcomes another game before championship 17 April 2017
Galway manager Micheal Donoghue .
©INPHO/James Crombie . Galway manager Micheal Donoghue.©INPHO/James Crombie .
Galway manager Micheál Donoghue is delighted to have another competitive game ahead of the championship .
The Tribesmen eased past Limerick at the Gaelic Grounds yesterday to qualify for next Sunday 's Allianz Hurling League final against Tipperary - their first since 2010 .
`` As I said during the week , there are only two national titles you can go for so it is nice to be in the league final , '' Donoghue is quoted as saying in the Irish Examiner .
“ Our aim at the outset of the league was to go as far as we can and to get us as close as possible to our first championship game . I think we are coming into a bit of form . Obviously , we are delighted to be getting another competitive game next week and that 'll bring us closer to the championship .
“ We 've been keeping the heads down and taking it one game at a time , but now we are really glad to be in it . ”
Donoghue acknowledged that Conor Cooney 's 56th minute goal was the game 's crucial score .
“ We went in at half-time with a few points of a lead . In fairness to them , they came back at us in the second half and Conor 's goal came at an opportune time . That gave us a bit of daylight from there to the end , '' they added .
A judge sentenced a former Arizona fire captain to 66 years in prison on Monday for killing their ex-wife , their mother and another person in a case that remained unsolved for over a decade .
David Watson , who worked for the Tucson Fire Department , cried as they told a Pima County judge that they were innocent .
“ We 're clear that we 'll never know what truly happened , ” Watson said . “ There are people in this courtroom and obviously this court who think I was the one who did all that . ”
Watson , 48 , was found guilty in March after prosecutors said they killed their ex-wife , Linda Watson , during a custody battle .
Linda Watson went missing in 2000 . Them body was found in the desert three years later but was n't identified until 2011 through DNA testing due to a backlog at the medical examiner 's office .
Three years after they went missing , their mother , Marilyn Cox , was embroiled in a legal battle with David Watson over visitation rights involving their granddaughter .
Cox and their friend , Renee Farnsworth , had just dropped off the girl after a court-ordered visitation when they were gunned down in 2003 .
A jury deadlocked in November after a months-long trial that included testimony from Watson 's second ex-wife , who said they had lied when they provided them an alibi during the attacks .
Watson was tried for a second time this year and found guilty of two counts of first-degree murder and one count of second-degree murder .
They worked for the Tucson fire department for 20 years and in 2007 was promoted to captain . They resigned shortly after their arrest in April 2015 .
PARIS ( AP ) - The Latest from the French Open ( all times local ) :
___
8:25 p.m .
Reigning U.S. Open champion Sloane Stephens did not waste any time reaching the third round of the French Open , and their clinical display impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe .
Stephens , who did not play in Paris last year because of a foot injury , advanced at the clay-court Grand Slam with a 6-2 , 6-2 win over qualifier Magdalena Frech .
`` Just FYI . Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament , '' McEnroe tweeted after Stephens wrapped up their match in a little bit more than one hour .
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point .
___
7:55 p.m .
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in their lopsided 6-1 , 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain , as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open .
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier , limiting their mistakes to eight unforced errors . They did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes . They put on a similar display in their opening match , hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory .
Wozniacki won their first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No . 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris .
___
7:30 p.m .
The French Open is Sam Querrey 's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year 's No . 12 seed .
They were beaten 1-6 , 7-6 ( 3 ) , 6-4 , 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round .
Querrey had n't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round .
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances .
___
6:50 p.m .
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open . Hmmmm . Seen that before , have n't we ? Except , unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang , the unusual strategy did n't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov .
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 ( 2 ) , 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 , 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours , 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros .
When it ended , Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss - perhaps thanking their legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson 's gave way .
Donaldson , who is ranked 57th , was actually two points from winning when they led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov 's serve . But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all .
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory , but Donaldson broke right back .
In the next game , though , Donaldson could barely stand , let alone move well .
They double-faulted . Then they tried an underhand serve - not their first of the match , either - and lost the point .
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge , Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover , and soon enough , it was over .
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago .
___
6:30 p.m .
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favorite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year .
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3 , 2-6 , 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-3 against the Frenchman .
`` He was attacking every shot , '' Nishikori said . `` He has one of the best touches on the Tour , it was fun to play them and also a difficult match today . ''
___
6:15 p.m .
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break - and was down a broken racket , too - before eventually collecting themselves and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6 , 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-1 , 6-2 in the French Open 's second round .
Zverev equaled their best showing at Roland Garros ; they also reached the third round two years ago .
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he 'll need to do something they never has at a Grand Slam tournament : defeat a player ranked in the top 50 . Zverev 's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur .
Lajovic lost their eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets .
___
5:10 p.m .
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years .
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6 , 6-4 , 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans .
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016 . They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women 's doubles at the England Club .
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months , winning their first-round match at Roland Garros . Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday .
___
3:50 p.m .
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open .
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday , but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned . Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 ( 5 ) , 7-6 ( 8 ) , 1-6 , 5-7 , 6-2 win .
`` At two sets all , it was difficult in my head , and physically , too , '' said Chardy , who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches . `` I fought hard , all my body was shaking . ''
___
3:25 p.m .
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament .
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar , the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-4 , 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time .
Djokovic , who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year , is the 20th-seeded player in Paris , their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open .
___
3:10 p.m .
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years .
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence , winning their first-round match at the French Open , they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister , Venus .
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan .
The American siblings , owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles , received a wild-card entry . They have n't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016 .
Serena Williams had n't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017 . They gave birth to a daughter last September .
___
1:20 p.m .
Marco Trungelliti 's long , strange trip as a French Open `` lucky loser '' has come to an end with a second-round exit .
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros , then drew headlines for making the 10-hour , 650-mile ( 1,000-kilometer ) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother , mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw .
They then won their first-round match .
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1 , 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours .
Still , Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros ( about $ 90,000 ) in prize money - and a great story to tell .
___
12:50 p.m .
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games , beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6 , 6-1 , 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open .
It was the last match of the tournament 's opening round .
Halep , the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago , played poorly in the first set , with only four winners and 16 unforced errors . But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way , while Riske made more and more mistakes .
___
12:30 p.m .
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open , making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0 , 6-4 win on Court 1 .
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand , their playing hand .
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012 .
___
12:20 p.m .
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States .
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier , Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second , which they eventually took 6-1 .
Halep , the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago , cleaned up their game in the second set , with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener . Riske , meanwhile , had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set .
___
12 p.m .
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open , losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States .
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set .
In their only previous meeting on clay , in Rome in 2015 , Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3 , 6-0 victory . But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time .
___
11:20 a.m .
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open , with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women 's first round .
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms .
Halep , a two-time finalist at Roland Garros , needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No . 1 ranking . They won both of their previous matches against Riske .
On the men 's side , 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round .
The second-seeded players in both the men 's and women 's draws , Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki , will also be in action .
___
More AP tennis coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The Aftermarket Auto Parts Alliance finished its Annual Summer Shareholder Meeting in triumphant fashion in Louisville , Kentucky , last week .
“ It was a wonderful meeting , ” said Doug Washbish , president and CEO of Moog Louisville Warehouse , a Bumper to Bumper member . “ This meeting brings us together as a group , to leverage our strengths and to strategically address the marketplace . We were proud to host it in our hometown . ”
Tuesday 's program consisted of a joint channel partner session and a keynote address by Behzad Rassuli , senior vice president , strategic development , for the Auto Care Association . Rassuli discussed the opportunities of the connected car and its data .
“ I truly appreciated the opportunity to speak to Aftermarket Auto Parts Alliance , ” said Rassuli . “ They clearly see the prospects ahead for our industry , as evidenced by their engagement in the dialogue around opportunities presented by the connected car , as well as their commitment to the ACPAC . ”
Afterward , more than 450 shareholder members visited with more than 100 channel partners during a combined spirit of Kentucky vendor booth show mixer and reception featuring bourbon tasting and locale fare .
To wrap up the meeting on Wednesday , the Alliance held the Channel Partner Advisory Council meeting . “ We want this meeting to benefit both our members and our channel partners . We all have a horse in this race and we want them to cross that line together , ” said Dan Rader , vice president , product and category management at the Alliance .
The Annual Winter Shareholder Meeting will be in Miami , Florida , from Sunday , Dec. 3 to Wednesday , Dec. 6 .
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un has a diabolical plan in case tensions with the U.S. continue to escalate , according to a defector .
Ung-gil Lee , a former clandestine special operator who escaped the Hermit Kingdom , told The Mail on Sunday that if the United States attacks the isolated nation , “ diplomats , tourists and foreign business people ” in South Korea will be at risk . Lee said theirs their former unit is trained and prepared to retaliate by kidnapping foreigners from South Korea , bringing them to the North and ultimately killing them .
The defector said that as part of the 11th Storm Corps , they stole across the border into South Korea unnoticed , carrying both traditional weapons and nerve agents in what they called “ suicide missions ” to capture foreigners . They said that the 11th Storm Corps is only one of several units , ready to act , in the event of an attack by the U.S .
Michael Malice , author of “ Dear Reader : The Unauthorized Autobiography of Kim Jong Il , ” told Fox News that the report seems to be in line with what is known about the mysterious regime .
“ North Korea has been kidnapping people for literally decades for various reasons , ” they said . “ They 've also repeatedly send people to the south to assassinate various people . ”
Surprisingly , North Korea has admitted to kidnapping a dozen Japanese citizens . In an uncharacteristic apology , then-supreme leader Kim Jong Il in 2002 blamed their special forces for getting “ carried away by a reckless quest for glory ” in the abduction of those taken in the 1970s and 1980s , including a 13-year-old girl on their way back from badminton , a cook , a recently engaged couple enjoying dinner by the beach and a club hostess .
The repressive nation claimed that eight out of the twelve had already died . Human Rights Watch reports that additionally , “ the North Korean government has also kidnapped individuals from China , Thailand , Europe , and the Middle East . ”
Notably , a famous South Korean film couple , a movie-star wife and director husband , were kidnapped from Hong Kong in 1977 and taken to North Korea in an effort to help build the film industry . Choi Eun-hee and Shin Sang-ok were held captive for eight years before they were able to escape and tell their story .
There has not been a confirmed case of an American kidnapped by North Korea , however detained U.S. citizens are known to be used for political leverage by Kim Jong-un 's regime . Visiting North Korea is not illegal for Americans , but it is discouraged by the State Department .
The family of BYU student , David Sneddon , is still looking for answers after they disappeared in 2004 . Last year , unconfirmed allegations emerged that they were kidnapped by North Korea from China , where they were studying .
North Korea is currently holding prisoner American student Otto Warmbier , sentenced to 15 years hard labor for stealing a propaganda poster from their hotel in Pyongyang during an organized trip to the country in 2016 . At the time , the Obama administration announced sanctions against North Korea . Warmbier apologized for what was called an “ act of hostility against the state , ” however they remain a prisoner and little is known of their conditions .
Shortly after Warmbier 's sentencing , another American citizen was reportedly convicted of spying in North Korea , punished with the same 15-year sentence . North Korea touted the capture of 63-year-old Kim Dong Chul , a South Korean-born naturalized U.S. citizen , by releasing their American passport and parading them out in a state-sponsored news conference .
Korean-American pastor Kenneth Bae was held in North Korea for 19 months , enduring hard labor for the crime of evangelizing . They were released in 2014 , thanks in large part to former NBA star Dennis Rodman and the friendship they formed with the North Korean dictator .
Malice told Fox News that North Korea refers to Americans as “ U.S . imperialists ” and the people of the North consider South Korea to be their territory , occupied by the U.S .
They explained that North Korea “ goes after defectors as a means of revenge , ” making those they see as traitors the most obvious targets of kidnapping .
However , all that could change if the U.S. takes military action against North Korea .
“ We are the theoretical enemies , ” said Malice , “ but if we move , we will be the enemy in practice , and they will absolutely go after us . ”
Kristine Kotta contributed to this story .
( AP Photo/Andres Kudacki ) . St. John 's Tariq Owens , bottom , passes the ball as Duke 's Trevon Duval ( 1 ) defends during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York , Saturday , Feb. 3 , 2018 . St. John 's defeated No ....
( AP Photo/Andres Kudacki ) . St. John 's Justin Simon ( 5 ) drives to the basket past Duke 's Grayson Allen ( 3 ) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York , Saturday , Feb. 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Andres Kudacki ) . St. John 's Shamorie Ponds , left , passes the ball in between Duke 's Trevon Duval , center , and Marques Bolden , right , during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York , Saturday , Feb ....
( AP Photo/Andres Kudacki ) . St. John 's Shamorie Ponds ( 2 ) shoots over Duke 's Wendell Carter , Jr. ( 34 ) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York , Saturday , Feb. 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Andres Kudacki ) . St. John 's Shamorie Ponds ( 2 ) celebrates during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Duke at Madison Square Garden in New York , Saturday , Feb. 3 , 2018 . St. John 's defeated No . 4 Duke 81-77 .
By MIKE FITZPATRICK
AP Sports Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - That 's two losses in three games for No . 4 Duke - and this one to a team that had n't won since Christmas .
No wonder coach Mike Krzyzewski called it a `` disgusting '' performance .
Shamorie Ponds scored 33 points and St. John 's stunned the Blue Devils 81-77 at Madison Square Garden on Saturday , snapping an 11-game losing streak and handing a suddenly suspect Duke squad its second defeat in eight days .
`` We got what we deserved , '' Krzyzewski said . `` We were n't able to knock them out after we lost the first 12 rounds of a 15-round fight . ''
Bashir Ahmed added 19 points and Tariq Owens had 17 for the Red Storm ( 11-13 ) , who overcame an early 10-point deficit and fought off Duke 's heralded freshmen down the stretch in their biggest victory under third-year coach Chris Mullin .
It was the first win for St. John 's since Dec. 20 against Saint Joseph 's .
`` We would have taken a win if it was in an empty gym , '' Mullin said . `` Thank God January is over . ''
St. John 's was playing the second of three straight games against top-6 opponents in a span of nine days . Next up , a visit to No . 1 Villanova on Wednesday night .
`` We are happy but we ca n't stop here . We have to keep pushing , '' said Ponds , a sophomore guard . `` This is big to get a win on the board . We can start fresh . ''
Gary Trent Jr. had 22 points for the Blue Devils ( 19-4 ) , who perhaps got caught looking ahead to their first matchup of the season with bitter rival North Carolina on Thursday night .
Krzyzewski did n't think so .
`` Ponds was really as good a guard offensively as we 've played against , '' Coach K said . `` We came in prepared . ''
Freshman sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 for Duke but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls . Wendell Carter Jr. added 14 points and 15 rebounds .
Outhustled all afternoon , Duke was coming off an easy win Monday over Notre Dame that followed a 65-63 loss at home to No . 2 Virginia last weekend .
`` I thought they made us look bad , but we made ourselves look bad . We did not play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program . And we had blank faces , we did n't talk , we were like five individuals out there and it was disgusting , really , '' Krzyzewski said . `` I do not know why . I can tell you that 's not the group I 've coached all year , and they were a very frustrating group to coach today because they did n't respond to anything until the last eight minutes and that 's unacceptable . ''
Winless in 11 Big East games this season , the Red Storm improved to 11-2 in nonconference play . They led by 11 with 6½ minutes left before Duke stormed back and took a 73-72 advantage on Trent 's two free throws with 1:35 to play , its first lead since early in the second half .
That brought fans of both schools to their feet for an exciting finish .
Ponds , who also grabbed seven rebounds in their second consecutive 30-point game , put St. John 's back in front with a driving layup and then drained a contested 3-pointer from the wing with the shot clock winding down to make it 77-73 with 40 seconds left .
`` We stayed composed , '' they said .
Grayson Allen 's only 3 seconds later trimmed the margin to one , but Owens hit two free throws with 32.2 seconds to go .
Bagley made one of two foul shots with 20.4 seconds left and Ponds did the same to make it 80-77 with 17.5 seconds to go . Allen missed a 3 at the other end and Owens grabbed the rebound before sinking one of two free throws with 2.7 seconds remaining to seal it as Ponds waved their arms , spurring on the sellout crowd of 19,812 .
`` The Garden was rockin ' , no question , '' said Mullin , recruited by Krzyzewski out of high school in 1980-81 . `` Duke has that brand . They bring 'em in . ... I was glad our guys stepped up not only to the challenge , but on the biggest stage . ''
It was the first meeting between the teams since Krzyzewski got their 1,000th career win with a 77-68 victory at Madison Square Garden on Jan. 25 , 2015 .
BIG PICTURE
Duke : Fell to 34-19 at the Garden , including 29-11 under Coach K. ... The Blue Devils will be back in New York City next month for the ACC Tournament across the river at Barclays Center in Brooklyn . ... Duke leads the all-time series 16-7 .
St. John 's : After three competitive losses this season to teams currently ranked in the top 10 , the Red Storm finally broke through . They have played the fifth-toughest schedule in the country according to the NCAA , the school said . `` It felt like all those other games , it really did . But to come out on top feels much better , '' Mullin said . `` To turn it around against one of the most storied teams in college basketball , it 's great . ... I 'm happy for the guys . They needed it more than anything . ''
FIVE STAR
The matchup between two of the top-10 winningest programs in Division I history was played in tribute to the late Howard Garfinkel , who ran the famous Five-Star Basketball Camp from 1966-2008 , attracting many of the game 's greatest players before they blossomed in college . The logo at center court read `` The Garf . ''
UP NEXT
Duke : Plays at North Carolina on Thursday night , the first of two regular-season meetings between the longtime rivals .
St. John 's : In their first meeting with top-ranked Villanova this season , the Red Storm lost 78-71 on Jan. 13 at Madison Square Garden .
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
French President Francois Hollande is calling for new security measures around the country 's presidential race , notably to protect against hacking .
Hollande 's order came after the campaign of centrist Emmanuel Macron accused Russia of trying to sway the April 23-May 7 election .
Hollande asked top security officials Wednesday to present electoral security measures next week `` including in the cyber domain . ''
Mounir Mahjoubi , head of digital campaigning for Macron , told The Associated Press that their team identified thousands of hacking attempts originating from Ukraine in recent weeks .
Mahjoubi says the attempts coincided with what they called a fake news operation targeting Macron in Russia-sponsored media in France .
Macron 's leading rivals , Francois Fillon and Marine Le Pen , want to lift sanctions against Russia , while Macron has been less friendly toward Moscow .
Molestation saga : I meant no harm , Shina Peters apologizes
TheNewsGuru
Sir Shina Peters has been slammed for molesting budding singer Toby Grey during their performance at a recent event . In the viral video while Toby Grey was performing , they moved towards the Afro Juju veteran kneeling down for them as a sign of respect .
and more »
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi has made a new appeal for calm on the Korean Peninsula and says they believe the United States would prefer a diplomatic resolution to the standoff .
Wang told reporters Tuesday that although U.S. officials have made clear that a military strike remains on the table , they believe that Washington would still prefer to de-escalate tensions through multi-sided talks .
Wang 's comments came amid a mounting war of words between Washington and Pyongyang . After Vice President Mike Pence visited the demilitarized zone in South Korea on Monday and warned that “ all options are on the table , ” a senior North Korean official responded by accusing the U.S. of bringing the countries to the brink of thermonuclear war .
This article was originally published on The Conversation , an independent and nonprofit source of news , analysis and commentary from academic experts . Disclosure information is available on the original site .
——
Author : Robert J. Hanlon , Assistant Professor of International Relations and Asian Politics , Thompson Rivers University
The Canadian government 's rejection of the proposed takeover by a Chinese company of the Toronto-based construction giant Aecon on the grounds of “ national security ” reflects Canada 's vulnerability in an increasingly complicated era that 's been dubbed the China Century .
Canada 's construction industry went to great lengths to lobby Ottawa , even commissioning opinion polls , in the hopes of influencing the fate of the proposed $ 1.5 billion bid . For good reason , segments of the Canadian private sector are terrified that their Chinese competitors will outperform , undercut and win favour with Canadian political leaders .
Corporate activists , backed by a stream of opinion from ex-national security officials , political opportunists and academic ideologues , have weighed in . To their credit , the campaign worked on Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains , who rejected the deal in a noticeably vague statement .
The stakes are high for many of Canada 's special interest groups , and Ottawa 's decision was therefore a welcome one to those stakeholders .
This of course is unsurprising , and in some ways Canadians are lucky to have officials publicly going to bat to defend their interests . Yet this discussion must evolve . Those who rejected the Aecon bid on grounds of national security , environmental threats and labour rights amid a modern-day Red Scare need to be more honest about what 's happening .
The truth is Canadian businesses simply ca n't compete against Beijing 's giant state-backed corporations .
China excels at infrastructure
Canada 's construction industry is particularly vulnerable given China 's long history of expertise in engineering and infrastructure development . In fact , China is so good at building infrastructure that it 's become a principle export strategy within the Chinese government 's trillion-dollar One Belt One Road policy .
The failed Aecon deal represents a difficult and structural challenge for Canada and its Western allies . How do liberal trading nations work with a politically socialist state that has ironically become a champion of the liberal trading order ?
This is a question Ottawa has yet to answer .
As Canadians debate on how to engage a rising China , Beijing has been aggressively positioning itself as a viable and pragmatic alternative to the West 's development model . The past five years has seen China take leading roles in multilateral institutions such as the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the New Development Bank while investing heavily in the developing world .
And despite Western fears around President Xi Jinping 's so-called China Dream philosophy and a recent constitutional amendment that allows them to hold on to power indefinitely , Beijing still needs friends . And it 's actively pursuing investment partners , including those in Canada .
But the most recent attempt via the Aecon takeover goes well beyond any one company .
Beijing is scouring the planet for resources and opportunities to meet its domestic consumption needs . Chinese state-owned enterprises will continue to seek out large-scale takeovers , business partnerships and resource accumulation investments .
How then does Canada operate in an increasingly relevant liberal trading system that is taking on some distinct Chinese characteristics ?
Anti-China rhetoric does n't accomplish much
To start , the anti-China investment narrative found in some public policy circles does little to address this question . While takeover bids will continue , rejecting them on unclear grounds of threats and national security can only go so far . Pundits and think tanks need to drop the anti-China rhetoric and give serious thought to how the global trading order has evolved .
Second , Ottawa must develop a clear non-partisan policy , one that can cut across party lines , on how to work with a rising China that still aligns with Canada 's national interests . This will be difficult , something no federal government has yet to achieve . Still , developing a national task force on building and advocating a clear long-term China policy has never been more important .
Finally , Canadians need to have an honest conversation on what type of trading nation we want to build . Canada has significant investments in China , including a recent $ 800 million venture by our state-owned Canada Pension Plan in Chengdu . Beijing has options to retaliate should they believe Canada is behaving unfairly .
Although rejecting the Aecon bid may have been in our national interest , Canadians must find a way to cut through the anti-China cacophony . As talks on possible Canada-China free trade deal move forward , there must be a sophisticated understanding of how global trade networks are evolving .
Indulging in Red Scare rhetoric and continuing to ignore the new global trade realities is a bigger threat to Canada 's economic security than China itself .
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation . Disclosure information is available on the original site . Read the original article :
https : //theconversation.com/canadas-disturbing-lack-of-vision-on-dea https : //theconversation.com/ca
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
Let 's just get this out of the way : I 've been married for 13-plus years and do n't have kids . My husband and I do n't want them , but there 's a lot more to it than that . Before you judge us , or say , `` There 's still time to change your minds , '' there are a few things I want you to know about my child-free marriage .
1 . I never know how to answer your question .
When people ask me why I do n't have children , I never know how to answer that question without offending someone . I wind up saying things like , `` Oh , you never know , '' or smile and shrug and say `` We 'll see '' — all just to appease people . I really should say , `` Mind your own business , please . '' No matter what comes out of my mouth , there 's always a reaction that feels like I 'm upsetting someone .
The thing is , we 're happy and we 've not wanted for more in our life . Unfortunately , society feels differently and while it 's enough for us — it 's not for some people .
13 years of marriage and we 're still smiling . / Anne Roderique-Jones
2 . We do n't hate kids .
In fact , we both really like kids . I feel myself constantly defending the decision by overcompensating my adoration for children ( way more than my husband ) . There have been a few — mostly older — women who think that because we 've chosen not to have kids , it means we do n't like them . Sure , I do n't love a screaming baby in a restaurant , but I think little ones are adorable , fascinatingly smart , silly , funny and just overall great human beings .
Whether you 're asking a single person , married couple or family with one child — it 's likely best to wait for personal information to be offered instead of prying . Whether you 're asking a single person , married couple or family with one child — it 's likely best to wait for personal information to be offered instead of prying .
3 . We 've thought about having children .
As two very analytical people , we 've certainly had the “ kid ” conversation . After all , we 've been married for over 13 years and have felt an overwhelming amount of love for our niece and nephew .
Like any subject in marriage , we check in to make sure we 're still on the same page with each other , but are very content as a duo .
4 . I just ca n't have it all .
As much as I 'd love to pretend that I could easily do the mom , work , wife , travel and friend thing — I do n't think it 's possible for me . The list of big life things that I do have and am I trying to balance makes me very happy — and for that I 'm incredibly grateful . As women , we 're expected to take on so much , and I know that something we love would have to give if we became parents .
5 . We are a family .
I was having a perfectly fun time at a friend 's wedding when a woman said , “ Do n't you want a family ? ” This really hurt my feelings , but I was too dumbstruck to reply . I have a family with my mother and brothers and grandmother and aunts and cousins . My friends are like family , but most importantly , the life I 've built with my husband and the happy marriage ( along with our sweet animals ) feels like a family to us .
Though our lives are n't as glamorous as they seem to outsiders , we love to travel . Here we are at the Taj Mahal . Anne Roderique-Jones
6 . I do n't understand why people question us so frequently .
I am constantly amazed at how often people ask if we 're having children — or have made comments about infertility . Frankly , I 'm curious why people care .
We 've not had to deal with the overwhelming struggle of infertility , but so many of our friends have , and when you ask someone about their family planning , it can be heartbreaking . Whether you 're asking a single person , married couple or family with one child — it 's likely best to wait for personal information to be offered instead of prying .
7 . I have so much respect for parents .
Child rearing seems so hard . Your job is so much harder than what I do . I was eight when my youngest brother was born and I helped to raise him . I 've babysat my own siblings and taken care of my parents . I was also a nanny . WHEW . Your job is so tough , and while I 'm sure you get highs that I 'll never know , I respect how much work it takes to be a parent .
Yes , we travel and go to a lot of movies and do whatever it is people who do n't have children do . Our Paris photos are your child 's first-day-of-school pics — and I think that should be OK . Yes , we travel and go to a lot of movies and do whatever it is people who do n't have children do . Our Paris photos are your child 's first-day-of-school pics — and I think that should be OK .
8 . You wo n't be able to talk us into it , so please stop trying .
I have parent friends and family who understand our choice not to have children , but we 've also had just as many try to talk us into it . From telling us , “ You 'd be such good parents ! ” to “ You 'll never love anyone like your own child . ”
I know people mean well , but I 'd never try to talk someone into not having children . I think there 's room for us to each be happy in our own decisions . Plus , you 'll always have someone to babysit .
9 . It 's not us against you .
I 'm frustrated by the parent vs. non-parent dialogue that 's created by society , and many of us continue to foster . I 'm not going to pretend that parenting does n't set you apart from a non-parent — you 've birthed a child and I 've not . But there 's plenty we can offer each other — from career advice to grief support to lifelong friendships — that celebrates our differences and lifts each other up .
10 . Our lives are n't perfect .
Yes , we travel and go to a lot of movies and do whatever it is people who do n't have children do . Our Paris photos are your child 's first-day-of-school pics — and I think that should be OK . But in everyday life , there are fewer Instagrammable moments for all of us , right ? My freelance writing career resembles something closer to a hot mess of PJs and unshaven legs than Carrie Bradshaw , and we 've been through plenty of life lows . I wo n't pretend that being child-free is the ideal life — it 's just ideal for us .
11 . We 're happy .
Finally , as I mentioned earlier , my husband and I are h-a-p-p-y . Our child-free marriage does not feel as if it 's lacking — we are full of love , excitement , challenges and we look forward to the future — even if babies are n't a part of it .
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Want More Sex ? Try Using Emojis 00:01:08
This article originally appeared on TODAY Health & Wellness .
“ Royals do tend to choose names that are traditionally associated with monarchy rather than anything more alternative because any name needs to sit well with royal titles , ” NBC News royal expert Camilla Tominey said . “ The legend of King Arthur is steeped in British history , while Albert would be a fitting nod not only to Queen Victoria 's beloved consort but also the Queen 's father , King George VI , who was known as Bertie . ”
Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1854 , five years after their marriage . Roger Fenton / Getty Images file
Philip would be intended to honor William 's grandfather , Prince Philip , who has been married to Queen Elizabeth II for 70 years .
Arthur , which is also one of William and Charles ' middle names , tops the lists issued by several British bookmakers . Betting chain Ladbrokes said James had attracted the most amount of money , with Alexander also seen as potentially being in the running .
While such potential names may have long associations with the royal family , they are also among the most popular in England and Wales , according to the Office of National Statistics .
James comes in at number 12 on the list of the top 100 baby names in 2016 , the most recent year for which statistics are available . It is followed by Alexander at number 21 and Arthur at 30 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney , saying an ABC television special on the singer 's last days infringed on its intellectual property .
The Associated Press obtained the lawsuit filed Wednesday in U.S. court in Los Angeles against the network and parent company Disney .
It alleges that last week 's special , `` The Last Days of Michael Jackson , '' illegally uses significant excerpts of their most valuable songs , including `` Billie Jean '' and `` Bad , '' and music videos , including `` Thriller '' and `` Black or White . '' It says the special also used clips from a documentary and feature film belonging to the estate .
ABC representatives did n't immediately respond to a request for comment . But when the Jackson camp raised objections last week , the network defended it as a news show that did n't violate the estate 's rights .
Keak da ' Sneak Shoot 's back with new Album
Close Keak da ' Sneak proves why he 's a legend with new album . Instagram Instagram Keak da ' Sneak proves why he 's a legend with new album .
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like .
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
Bay Area legend Keak da ' Sneak dropped their 24th solo album on Nov. 3 , 2017 titled , “ Withdrawal ” . For those who do n't know , Keak da ' Sneak was shot on Jan. 20 , 2017 and performed a concert several days later with a cane in one hand . Then on Aug. 21 , 2017 another incident nearly killed him . They were shot 8 times in the torso in Richmond , California . After escaping death and multiple lifesaving surgeries , Keak realized they needed to make some imperative lifestyle changes . Thankfully one of those changes was focusing more heavily on their music career .
The 40-year-old Oakland born rapper is a statute in the Bay Area “ Hyphy ” movement , often being coined as the rapper who started the trend . The new album however , left the hyphy music at the door . “ Withdrawal ” , is unfiltered “ M.O.B. ” music , produced entirely by their long time friends , a duo known as , the Mekanix . The hell with the overbearing high hat and snare that trap music encompasses , this new album of Keak 's is bass heavy with lots of whistles and strings . The cutting and scratching on the album is reminiscent of their early work in the Bay area trifecta 3X Krazy . Keak 's voice is less raspy than per usual and in turn their rhymes are enunciated more clearly .
The only drawback is that there are one too many featured artists . Also , for some reason like many other rappers , there 's the one track on the album about their significant other and the whole wining and dining spiel . Luckily the touchy-feely track was conveniently placed at the end of the album . “ Withdrawal ” is fresh , many rap fans do n't even know it 's out yet , so there are very few reviews . It 's a great album to bounce , rock and roll to . It 's a must-hear for all the rap fanatics out there and it is an instant Bay Area classic .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
In the world of internet memes , Instagram filters , and Photoshop , seeing is no longer believing . Everyone is a photographer or videographer once they have a smartphone in their hands , which often comes equipped with alteration tools already installed . But manipulations that started with cropping and teeth-whitening have spurred into the spread of misinformation .
Parkland shooting survivor Emma Gonzalez is pictured ripping up a shooting range target , left . At right , a doctored photo circulated the Internet , depicting Gonzalez tearing apart the U.S. Constitution .
Take this photo of Parkland shooting survivor Emma Gonzalez , seemingly ripping up the U.S. Constitution . The image went viral following last month 's March for Our Lives , where Gonzalez attracted widespread media attention after addressing hundreds of thousands of supporters of gun control . The photo sparked outrage on social media , criticizing Gonzalez 's motives and their patriotism .
But the image had been doctored . In the original photo , Gonzalez was tearing up a shooting range target , and was part of a Teen Vogue cover story on the # NeverAgain movement .
It was an example of what 's known as a “ deep fake ” : when people use machine-learning algorithms to easily create digital impersonations via photo , video or audio content . With manipulated media popping up and circulating on social media in recent years , experts are worried about the increasing possibility that these deep fakes will easily dupe the public .
The U.S. Department of Defense is fighting back . After testing projects like driverless cars and early iterations of Siri , Apple 's virtual assistant , years ahead of their release to the public , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency is now taking on fake news .
The agency was originally formed in 1958 in response to the successful — and unexpected — Soviet launch of the Sputnik satellite into space .
“ We have a mission within DARPA to invest in breakthrough technologies that prevent strategic surprise , ” said David Doermann , program manager of DARPA 's new media forensics project called MediFor , “ and essentially guarantee national security . ”
WASHINGTON — House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the NL Division Series between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs .
The Louisiana Republican made a triumphant return to the House last week — more than three months after they were wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress .
Scalise wore a red Nationals jersey Friday night with their name and No . 3 on the back . They threw to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey while holding onto a walker stationed a few feet in front of the mound .
Scalise , Bailey and two others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice . Zack Barth and Matt Mika , the other shooting victims , were honoured after the pitch .
Steve Stephens wanted an audience to see the moment they seemingly chose Robert Godwin Sr. at random and gunned down the grandfather in cold blood on Easter Sunday — and they got one .
The harrowing final few moments of Godwin 's life — and the bloody aftermath — were uploaded to Stephens ' Facebook page on Sunday , marking the latest in a string of depraved incidents to be shared on the social network .
`` This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook , '' a Facebook representative told NBC News . `` We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook , and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety . ''
Steve Stephens appears in stills from a video they broadcast of themselves on Facebook in Cleveland , Ohio on April 16 , 2017 . Steve Stephens / Facebook via Reuters
Related : Manhunt in Cleveland After Video of Killing Posted to Facebook
While Stephens used Facebook Live earlier in the day , it 's believed the video of Godwin 's murder was recorded and then uploaded to Facebook . It 's unclear when — or how — Facebook became aware of the video , but it was quickly removed on Sunday .
The senseless act of violence that has spurred a nationwide manhunt has also raised questions about Facebook Live and what can be done to better police criminal content .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FBI : Suspect Who Posted Execution on Facebook Could be Anywhere 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Facebook Live , a tool that was initially for celebrities and public figures , has only been available to the site 's 1.86 billion users for one year .
It created a star in Chewbacca Mom Candace Payne and has been used as a powerful social justice tool to capture protests and police-involved shootings .
However , during that time , a Chicago man was tortured on Facebook Live . A rash of suicides is broadcast . In Sweden , a gang rape was reportedly broadcast on Facebook Live . And that 's just a few of the incidents that have created a unique challenge for Facebook as the social network strives to balance safety with free expression .
`` A lot of this phenomenon of people , whether committing suicide or killing , torturing , raping , is because they know they have this captive audience , '' Jen Golbeck , a professor at the University of Maryland 's College of Information Studies , told NBC News .
CHESTER , Pa. — When Jeffrey Mitchell arrived at their seats for the first-ever Philadelphia Union game at Talen Energy Stadium ( then called PPL Park ) in 2010 , they immediately noticed two things .
First , they saw the throngs of Seattle Sounders fans standing behind him , quickly learning the top of Section 133 was reserved for away supporters . Then , they looked in front of him , and saw a goofy guy wearing a cowboy hat and speaking in a Southern accent .
“ When you 're in Chester or in Philly for a sports game , the last thing you expect to hear is this Southern drawl and a cowboy hat , ” Mitchell recalls . “ But they just wanted to have fun in the stands , man . They just wanted to turn it into family . ”
Over the years , that fan — Kenny Hanson — did that and more , with their passion for the Union , soccer and friends helping them ascend to the presidency of Sons of Ben , the club 's first and largest supporters ' group . And after Hanson tragically passed away last Friday , the Sons of Ben and the Union showed the true meaning of family , coming together to honor them in a variety of touching ways before and during Saturday 's game vs. the Montreal Impact .
“ He was a great leader and a great person , ” said current Sons of Ben president , Bill Gusler . “ And he 's going to be dearly missed . ”
Like everyone who knew Hanson , Gusler was hit hard by their friend 's death , which occurred after they fell off a golf cart in a freak accident in Folly Beach , South Carolina . They and their wife Amy had moved to the quiet coastal town shortly after Hanson stepped down from the SoB presidency in late 2015 .
But as the leader of an organization that 's dealt with tragedy before — including the sudden death of SoB original Eric Shertz — they knew they had to immediately spring into action to honor Hanson 's life . Among the tributes the Sons of Ben organized was a Kenny Hanson-inspired tifo that included the lyric “ We Will Get By ” from the song “ Touch of Grey ” by The Grateful Dead , Hanson 's favorite band .
The @ SoBTifo for Kenny Hanson : `` We Will Get By , '' with Hanson 's signature straw hat atop the skull # PHIvMTL pic.twitter.com/QoAfoLz3Kx — Jonathan Tannenwald ( @ thegoalkeeper ) August 13 , 2017
SoB members also raised their scarves in the air and held a minute-long moment of silence , followed by “ Kenny Hanson ” chants at the 20:10 mark , creating an eerily powerful quiet during the game . And , of course , many of them wore cowboy hats and tie-dye shirts to celebrate their favorite Deadhead southerner .
“ The first thought was for everyone to wear black , ” Gusler says . “ But then one of their friends was like , ‘ Nah , f—k that . Do tie-dye . That 's what they loved . ' … We just wanted time for everyone to gather and reminisce and hang out with friends . For a lot of us , this is how we met and knew Kenny . ”
The Union , too , did a lot to memorialize Hanson , once again showcasing the unique bond that ties together an MLS club and its most loyal supporters . Before the game , another moment of silence was held and “ Touch of Grey , ” another Dead song , played over the loudspeakers .
Players also wore black Sons of Ben warmup shirts with the initials “ KH ” on the back . Ray Gaddis wore an undershirt that read “ Always With Us Kenny Hanson , ” and captain Alejandro Bedoya and head coach Jim Curtin both sported “ KH ” armbands .
Ad Finem Fidelis . A post shared by Philadelphia Union ( @ philaunion ) on Aug 12 , 2017 at 2:06pm PDT
“ It 's definitely a big loss for this community , for this club , and I wish we would have brought home a result for him , ” Bedoya told MLSsoccer.com after Saturday 's 3-0 loss . “ He deserved it , their family deserved it , and I look forward to giving the captain 's armband to their wife . ”
Bedoya , who was n't on the Union when Hanson served as the Sons of Ben president from 2013 through 2015 , only recently learned about Hanson 's contributions to soccer in Philadelphia . Others have known for quite some time just how important a figure they are , rising from their role co-founding a faction of Union fans called the IllegitimateS in Section 133 with Mitchell , to taking over the Sons of Ben from the group 's original leaders at a tough time .
“ We were kind of the next generation , ” Mitchell says . “ People do n't know but there was a lot going on behind the scenes and we 're a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) and Kenny had to get a lot of the paperwork in line . People do n't know but we could have easily lost the whole Sons of Ben name and everything . Kenny basically saved the group from ruin . They did n't do it to get credit . This guy just loved this team , loved the people . ”
On top of organizing the books and creating a treasurer position for the nonprofit group , Hanson also reached out to soccer teams and fans around the world to stand beside Philadelphia after Shertz 's sudden passing in 2014 .
“ He was always very open and honest , ” Gusler says . “ And very easygoing — about pretty much everything . But whatever they did , they did it with passion . I know they loved the team and they loved this group . They really focused on wanting to bring everyone together on the one thing that tied us together as opposed to the thousands of things that pull us apart . ”
It was n't always easy , as Hanson took blame for a lot of things — sometimes unfairly , sometimes jokingly . In fact , at one point a “ I Blame Kenny Hanson ” meme was born , with those words inscribed over a close-cropped photo of Hanson giving a thumbs up .
“ When Kenny was SoB president , they blamed them for everything , ” Mitchell says , laughing . “ From the team 's performance , if the urinals overflowed in Section 133 , if someone 's car was parked in the wrong lot — anything . So it was the running joke on the board and amongst our friends that if anything went wrong , it was , ‘ I blame Kenny Hanson . ' And they owned it . That was the greatest thing . They took it in stride with the good humor they treated everything . ”
Few people knew about Hanson 's humor and affable spirit better than Monica Herzog , one of their best friends in the Sons of Ben and in life . The two met at a bar near their hometown of Ambler , Pa. and “ immediately started talking soccer , the Sons of Ben , and Carolina barbecue. ” And Herzog , who became the the SoB 's director of membership while Hanson was president , watched in awe as their friend effortlessly managed the rigors of dealing with 2,000 Sons of Ben members because of their “ naturally charismatic ” style that always made people feel comfortable .
“ He loved people , they loved community , they loved giving back to the community , ” says Herzog , who once vacationed in Europe with their husband , Hanson , and Hanson 's wife . “ And that 's what they kind of built their life on . ”
They loved other things , too . Their wife . Their rescue dogs . Debating . Diet Dr. Pepper . Fireball . The Grateful Dead and the Allman Brothers . Cooking Carolina barbecue . And definitely their home in South Carolina and the University of South Carolina , where they went to college and met their wife .
“ You 'll never meet a prouder Gamecock than Kenny Hanson , ” Herzog says .
So when the opportunity arose to move from Ambler to the laid-back Folly Beach , where the Hansons had been vacationing for years , they jumped at it . Still , they remained in close touch with the Sons of Ben and the Philadelphia Union , returning to games often while checking in on how things were going in the River End .
“ He came up here and they could hang with the tough Philadelphia guys , but they just had that inner Southerner in him , that Southern heart , that Southern charm , ” Mitchell says . “ But they would come back all the time . Even last week [ during the Union 's 3-1 win over FC Dallas ] , they were texting me while I was in the stands , asking how the atmosphere was . At least the Union sent them out with a good one , man . ”
As the Sons of Ben know all too well , the most important thing they can do at a time like this is tried to pick each other up as best they know how — with soccer , tailgating and laughter . Just as they did Saturday night . Just like Kenny Hanson would have wanted .
“ As hard as it is , I think the best way to honor Kenny is just loving each other and taking care of each other — because that 's what they always did , ” Mitchell says . “ As Sons of Ben president , they took care of everyone . Whether you were a season-ticket holder or it was your first game , they treated you with respect and they wanted to hear your ideas on how to make everything better . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A family 's dream new year break to Disneyland Paris turned into a nightmare when their flight from Liverpool John Lennon Airport was cancelled AFTER they boarded .
Passengers were taking their seats on easyJet flight 7045 to the French capital on Friday night ( December 30 ) when they were told they had to return to the airport lounge .
Children were left in tears after staff announced the plane would not be leaving – because delays caused by bad weather meant the crew had worked over their hours .
Morgan Russell , who works on the children 's ward at the Countess of Chester Hospital , was among those left disappointed .
The 26-year-old mum and partner Mike Arrowsmith were heading to Paris on a surprise new year holiday for children Ella-Rose , two , and Jayden , seven .
Morgan said there was a 'stampede ' to a customer service desk to snap up any alternative flights , but most were left disappointed .
The budget airline has since apologised to passengers whose travel plans were affected .
Morgan said : “ The plane was delayed , which was fine , then we started to board the plane .
“ People were in front of us then everybody started turning around to get off . Nobody knew what was going on .
“ They said there was an issue with the pilot 's hours .
“ We were the last to board and I could hear one of the crew saying ‘ You must have known this before we boarded ' . ”
Morgan said the couple had saved for more than a year to pay for the £2,000 break .
They surprised Jayden and Ella-Rose on Christmas Day , with Disney balloons and a lightbox message from Father Christmas telling them they were going to Disneyland .
They said it was left to staff back in the airport to tell passengers that their flight had been cancelled – and they were told any other flights would be filled on a 'first come , first served ' basis .
Morgan , who lives in Buckley , Flintshire , added : “ The lady was doing their best , but it was the worst thing they could have said .
“ Everyone just started running to the service desk and I thought ‘ there 's no chance now ' . My daughter was clinging to me – it was like a stampede .
`` There were no other flights from Liverpool until Tuesday ( January 3 ) . We looked at driving and there were flights from Manchester on Saturday night but it would have cost £1,800 just for that .
“ We booked our hotel separately , so we 've lost the money .
“ Even if we get the maximum compensation from easyJet , it will only come to 1,000 euros . They 've said the weather was to blame so we do n't know if our travel insurance will pay out .
“ I had to stop myself from crying in front of the children . Ella-Rose is only two so they do n't understand , but they have been asking if we 're going swimming and if she 'll see the princesses . ”
The family were by no means the only ones left heartbroken .
Chris Hughes , 54 , from West Derby , Merseyside , was travelling to Disneyland Paris with wife Susan and daughters Sophie , 19 , and Millie , eight .
They said : “ They ushered us into a lounge and said that we could make our own alternative travel arrangements with other flights , but there were no other flights that day .
“ I was dumbfounded , especially as they 'd already put us on the plane . They could n't get a back-up crew and did n't have one in place . ''
Mr Hughes said the only other flights they could find were from Manchester which would have meant forking out £470 for each family member .
An easyJet spokesperson said : `` Unfortunately , due to freezing fog at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and earlier delays due to adverse weather in Amsterdam , easyJet was unable to operate flight EZY7045 from Liverpool to Paris on 30 December as its crew had exceeded their legal operating hours .
“ We would like to apologise to all passengers whose plans were impacted by the cancellation . ”
BRAMPTON , Ont . — Police say four people were sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries after being stabbed on a bus east of Toronto .
Peel regional police say they have charged a woman with four counts of attempted murder in connection with the stabbings , which took place Tuesday night in Brampton , Ont .
Officers say a 49-year-old Brampton man was taken to a Toronto trauma centre , while three Brampton women aged 28 , 19 and 18 respectively were taken to a local hospital . Police say none of the injuries are life-threatening .
Police say Jade Nelson , 20 , is being held in custody until a bail hearing scheduled to take place this morning .
Officers were unable to say what triggered the stabbing .
By Prince Sunduzani
A 31 year old man from Bulawayo allegedly hanged themselves at Luveve cemetery and left a suicide note inscribed on their shirt alleging that they had been attacked by their girlfriend and two other men whom they ordered to feast on their body .
Passersby discovered the body of Brighton Tshuma from Cowdray park suburb , hanging from a tree at the cemetery at around 6AM yesterday .
Residents said they had passed by their homes on their way to the cemetery at around 2am while talking loudly to himself .
Tshuma 's mother , Mrs Atalia Tshuma , said their son was on the run from police after assaulting their girlfriend in an infidelity row on Friday .
Mrs Tshuma said : “ I received a call at around seven in the morning . I then went to the cemetery . They had written a note on the inside of their T-shirt with three names — that of the girlfriend and two other people ( names withheld ) .
On the note , my son wrote that they beat them up . They also wrote Nansi inyama yenu , dlanini . ( Here is your meat you can now feast on it . ”
They said they had warned their son against associating with the girl as they were promiscuous .
“ I told them to leave that girl but they did not listen , instead they fought with me . Before their father died they also told them to cut ties with the girl .
By the time of their death they were on the run from the police following the assault incident , ” said Mrs Tshuma .
Meanwhile , an unidentified man was cut in half after they allegedly threw themselves in front of a train in a suspected suicide in Emganwini on Saturday afternoon .
Sources said the man was dragged by the train for about 300 metres.Mrs Atalia Tshuma , the late Brighton 's mother
“ We believe they were trying to commit suicide . When we rushed to the scene we found the body disfigured and it was cut in half . They were dragged by the train from near Mbokodo up to the level crossing , ” said a man who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Bulawayo police spokesperson Inspector Precious Simango could not be reached for comment on both incidents yesterday .
Suicide cases have been on the rise and police have warned people against taking their own lives , urging them to find better ways of solving their problems .
Police have noted that more men are committing suicide in the country compared to women.The Cowdray Park house in which they lived
They have attributed the trend to social pressures associated with men having to be breadwinners in a harsh economy .
According to the police , the number of suicides increased from 474 in 2015 to 636 in 2016 .
A total of 489 men committed suicide in 2016 , up from 348 in 2015 while 147 women committed suicide in 2016 and 126 took their lives in 2015 . The Chronicle
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — The Winter Olympic games just got more exciting . Breakdancing will now be part of the Youth Olympic Games , and they 're looking for entries .
New York City is n't just the birthplace of the dance style , it 's also the birthplace of future olympians .
As CBS2 's Steve Overmyer reported , more than ever before , breakdancing still has the power to electrify . It 's one of the reasons it 's currently experiencing a rebirth .
“ What draws me to it is like the music and the style of dance is really attracting , and I just love it , ” 16-year-old BBoy Hi-Tek tells CBS2 .
“ I try not to overthink when I go into battle , ” BBoy King Kai , 13 , said . “ I just freestyle and listen to the music . It 's not that hard , you just got ta let go . ”
In the next Youth Olympics , medals will be awarded in the category of Breakdancing . There is currently a professional breaking league , featuring competitors from 28 countries . Just like the pros , the Olympics will be a head to head battle with judges .
It 's the athleticism you see , and it 's the artistic expression they have , and it 's also that spirituality these kids experience when they 're dancing and battling and competing .
Inclusion into the Olympics has the breakdancing community polarized — some believe it 's a form of exploitation , while others ' views are more optimistic .
They 're called BBoys and BGirls — meaning “ break boys ” and “ break girls. ” It 's not just the way they dance , or dress , or talk . It 's a lifestyle .
“ It just makes you feel like a hero to yourself first and foremost , ” BBoy KwikStep from the Full Circle Souljahs crew said . “ When you start gaining more skills you become a hero to the next person watching . ”
The dance style was born in the Bronx in the 70s . It 's more than just a defiance of physics . At it 's core , it 's an expressive artform — some artists use paint , others use words .
This is a communication through dance .
“ If a kid is into art , if a kid is into theater , if a kid is into athletics , all of those things are captured in this one encapsulated activity , ” Danny Infamous from the XFenz Crew said .
“ You got ta be clean , but it does n't mean you ca n't be funky , ” KwikStep said . “ You should be funky but be clean in your execution . ”
BBou Rival is on the board of directors for the United Breakin ' Association . The Olympics can breathe new life into the dance form , but for the purists it 's important that “ breakin ' ” stays true to its roots .
“ Unity and respect . Something that through time we 've learned are really important , ” BBoy Rival said .
Now this dance born on the streets can be a path to Olympic gold . The Olympic games are changing , and the future of breakdancing is coming .
If you want to be part of the Olympic breaking team , it comes in stages . First , you need to submit a video . Then you can get invited to a qualifying battle .
If you win those battles , you 're in the Olympics . To submit your application for a chance at Olympic glory , CLICK HERE .
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
The latest trailer for the sequel to Sicario comes with a new title and some plot details . It also might remind folks of Logan just a bit , but in all the good ways and without the mutants running around . While this is the second trailer we 've seen for the film , we can now get a feel for what the film will be about and how it will expand the drug war from the first film into an actual war in the second . It would seem that Josh Brolin is going to get “ dirty ” in Mexico in the light of day and the Mexican government is going to get the brunt of it .
At least it seems that way until Benicio del Toro ends up at odds with Brolin and has to go on the defense against the forces they were helping while also protecting the daughter of the man who killed their family . The Logan comparison might seem cheap , but it was the first one that came to mind with the color scheme and dynamic at play . There 's no shortage of films you could compare it with , but the basic idea seems to serve a more action-packed continuation of the first film .
( AP Photo/Calvin Mattheis ) . Texas Head Coach Karen Aston calls to their team in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Tennessee , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 , in Knoxville , Tenn .
( AP Photo/Calvin Mattheis ) . Tennessee head coach Holly Warlick calls to their team in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Texas , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 , in Knoxville , Tenn .
By DOUG FEINBERG
AP Basketball Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Tennessee moves back into the top 10 after a big win while UConn continues to be No . 1 in The Associated Press women 's basketball poll .
The Lady Vols ( 10-0 ) knocked off then-No . 2 Texas on Sunday and climbed four spots to seventh in the Top 25 on Monday . Tennessee , which was a perennial top team in the sport , has n't been among the first 10 teams in the poll since Nov. 30 , 2015 . The Longhorns dropped six spots to eighth .
Both teams are chasing the Huskies ( 8-0 ) , who routed DePaul in their only game this past week . UConn received all 32 first place votes from a national media panel . The Huskies , like many other teams , are off for exams this week .
Notre Dame , Louisville , Mississippi State and South Carolina follow UConn . Baylor , Tennessee , Texas , Oregon and West Virginia round out the first 10 .
Iowa ( 10-1 ) entered the Top 25 for the first time since 2015 , coming in at No . 25 . Kentucky fell out .
Other poll tidbits :
OKLAHOMA BLUES : UCLA and South Florida slipped up this week losing at Oklahoma State and Oklahoma respectively . The Bruins dropped four spots to No . 11 while the Bulls fell six places to No . 22 . UCLA has a two-game eastern swing at Seton Hall and Fordham coming up before beginning Pac-12 play .
SURGING WILDCATS : No . 20 Villanova is off to its best start since the 1979-80 season , winning its first nine games . The Wildcats held off Temple down the stretch on Sunday , winning 69-65 to equal the squad 's mark from 38 years ago . Villanova has its best ranking since Jan. 12 , 2004 when the team was 19th .
They SAID IT : `` If that was the No . 2 team in the country , where do we stand now ? '' Tennessee senior Mercedes Russell asked after the win over Texas . `` 82-75 . There 's your answer right there . ''
BIG GAMES : There are two games this week between ranked teams as No . 9 Oregon visits sixth-ranked Mississippi State on Wednesday . The 12th-ranked Florida State Seminoles visit No . 8 Texas on Sunday .
___
See the full poll : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org/ap-womens-basketball-poll-week-6-0
___
Follow Doug on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Tennis legend Martina Navratilova has hit out at what they called the BBC 's `` old boys ' network , '' alleging that John McEnroe was paid at least 10 times what they were for commenting at Wimbledon .
`` It was a shock because John McEnroe makes at least 150,000 pounds — I get about 15,000 pounds for Wimbledon , '' Navratilova told the BBC 's Panorama program in an excerpt of an interview airing later Monday . `` Unless John McEnroe 's doing a whole bunch of stuff outside of Wimbledon , he 's getting at least 10 times as much money than I am for very comparable work . ''
McEnroe 's pay package was disclosed last July when the U.K. 's public service broadcaster for the first time published the list of its highest-paid on-air talent . The former professional tennis player was shown to earn between 150,000 pounds ( $ 209,000 ) and 199,999 pounds ( $ 279,000 ) for a two-week engagement with the network .
Martina Navratilova in the royal box at the Wimbledon Championships in 2011 . Sean Dempsey / PA Wire/AP file
The BBC , which is publicly funded , has been heavily criticized over its massive gender pay gap and lack of minority presence since it released its list of top-paid stars last July . Last month , the broadcaster 's former China editor Carrie Gracie resigned from their role in anger over what they called `` incompetent '' efforts to close the gender pay gap .
The former Grand Slam champion — Navratilova won 18 single titles , including a record nine Wimbledon women 's trophies — said they asked if they were paid an amount comparable to a man doing a similar duty , and was told yes they are .
`` We were not told the truth that 's for sure , '' they said . `` The bottom line is that male voices are valued more than women 's voices . ''
But the BBC defended McEnroe 's pay package in an statement emailed to NBC News , describing the two commentators ' work as `` simply not comparable . ''
`` John and Martina perform different roles in the team , and John 's role is of a different scale , scope and time commitment , '' the statement read .
According to the statement , Navratilova was on air 10 times for the BBC during Wimbledon 2017 — including three live match commentaries — and their contact allows them to seek out paid appearances with other U.K. broadcasters .
`` Along with [ sports commentator ] Sue Baker , John is regarded as the face of our Wimbledon coverage , '' the BBC said about the tennis champ who won seven Grand Slam single titles , including three Wimbledon singles trophies . `` He is widely considered to be the best expert [ and ] commentator in the sport , highly valued by our audiences and their contract means they can not work for another U.K. broadcaster without our permission . ''
`` His pay reflects all of this ; gender is n't a factor , '' the BBC said .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
A New York doctor under federal indictment in the deaths of six patients who overdosed on opioids has been offered a job at another clinic and wants a judge to let them take it .
Lawyers for Dr. Eugene Gosy were set to join prosecutors in a Buffalo courtroom Wednesday for arguments on an emergency motion to modify their bail conditions , but it was canceled late Tuesday , court records show .
Gosy , a neurologist , was indicted in 2016 on narcotics and fraud charges by prosecutors who said they turned patients of their pain management clinic into drug addicts for profit . Last year , a superseding indictment alleged that they `` caused the death of at least six individuals , and contributed to the deaths of others . ''
Dr. Eugene Gosy
Gosy , who still has a medical license , has pleaded not guilty and their lawyer has said all the pain pills they prescribed were for legitimate medical purposes .
The court has allowed Gosy to continue practicing medicine at Pain Management Associates of Western New York while they fight the charges as long as other licensed physicians make the final decision on what treatment is given or prescriptions ordered .
This week , they filed a motion asking the court to modify their bail conditions so they can start seeing patients at a different clinic , Invision Health in Williamsville .
An April 13 letter from Invision to the U.S. attorney 's office said the clinic `` is aware and acknowledges the set limitations on the scope of practice for Dr. Gosy '' and plans to have four other doctors oversee him .
`` If the recommendation of a controlled substance is indicated by Dr. Gosy , the assigned supervising physician , if appropriate , may approve and issue the controlled substance prescription .
`` Invision Health is sensitive to the opioid epidemic crisis and has always implemented strict policies in regard to controlled substance prescribing , '' the letter added .
Dr. Eugene Gosy with their attorney before a court appearance in Buffalo . WGRZ
The practice administrator and the founding doctor of Invision Health did not respond to requests for comment . Gosy 's attorney and the U.S. attorney 's office also did not respond to inquiries .
In their motion , the defense said that prosecutors had planned to have Drug Enforcement Administration agents interview personnel at Invision Health but that it had not happened .
After Gosy was charged with the patient deaths last year , prosecutors said allowing them to practice medicine , even with restrictions , `` presents a danger to their patients and the community . '' The judge denied the prosecutors ' motion .
3:47
Video : Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
MAE SAI , Thailand — Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight , the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday , as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them .
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave . The boys , many wrapped in foil warming blankets , take turns introducing themselves , folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy .
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning . The navy later released two more videos of the boys .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23 . The teammates , who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe .
Authorities said the boys , who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them , were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs , including medics , who were staying with them inside the cave . They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks .
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits . In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment . Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL , who cracks jokes .
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives , and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children .
Kian Kamluang , whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside , said they had thought it was a 50 per cent chance that their son would be found .
“ It 's like they have been given a new life , ” they said , adding that she 'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again .
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave , since they 're safe where they are . The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive , which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous .
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing , some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route of narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered .
It 's like they have been given a new life
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing , but they do n't believe they have attempted any practice dives .
They said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted , but it is unlikely to be Wednesday .
“ If it 's risky or not safe , we will not proceed yet , ” Narongsak said . “ It has to be 100 per cent safe . ”
Authorities said they were still exploring other options , such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from the cave .
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safest to simply supply the boys where they are for now , and wait for the water to go down . That could take months , however , given that Thailand 's rainy season typically lasts through October .
The British Cave Rescue Council , which has members taking part in the operation , said in a statement that “ although water levels have dropped , the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering . ”
Gary Mitchell , the group 's assistant vice chairperson , said getting out of the cave requires about a kilometre ( half a mile ) of diving total , though not all in one stretch , and takes about three hours .
“ There 's air pockets along the way , ” they said . “ It 's confined spaces . It 's almost zero visibility . There are currents to battle against in places as well . So it 's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in , ” they said .
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – A gunman opened fire on a Republican baseball practice , shooting a top House Republican and wounding several others . The attacker fought a gun battle with police before he , too , was shot and later died .
Several Members of the Ohio Congressional delegation have been playing in the yearly charity ballgame between Democrats and Republicans — two from the Mahoning Valley .
Congressman Tim Ryan played for the Democratic team . The team used a facility in northeastern Washington .
However , Republican Congressman Bill Johnson was at Wednesday morning 's practice , along with about two dozen other Republican members of Congress .
Listen : WYTV interview with Congressman Bill Johnson
About an h.our after the shooting , Johnson confirmed to WKBN that they had been at the practice session . They had a meeting to attend and left the field just about five or 10 minutes before the shooting .
They had high praise for the police in Alexandria , Virginia , as well as the U.S. Capitol Police who provide security to members of Congress .
Johnson said the shooting made them stop and think of what could have happened if he 'd been there just a few minutes longer .
“ Maybe it 's the military guy in me , I 'm having mixed emotions . One side of me is very grateful that I avoided the shooting and that I was not present . The other side of me — the military side — says , you know , I 've got that guilty feeling that I should have been there to help my guys out , ” they said .
Johnson said they did notice someone gets in and out of a white van as they were leaving the ball field that struck them as unusual . They gave that information to the Capitol Police as part of their investigation .
Congressman Ryan released a stement on the shooting , saying they were “ sickened ” by it . They added that their thoughts and prayers are with Steve Scalise , Capitol Police officers and congressional staffer all injured in the shooting .
It 's a nice day , and you 'd like to take a run . But your only route is along a busy road , breathing in traffic fumes .
A jogger runs along the Brooklyn Bridge Park , February 8 , 2017 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City . Drew Angerer / Getty Images file
Or maybe your doctor has recommended more exercise , but you live in a city and ca n't escape the air pollution .
Which is worse — not exercising , or breathing in the bad air ?
Now , a British study has gone a long way towards answering that question . When middle-aged Londoners were forced to walk in either green and lovely Hyde Park , or along traffic-clogged Oxford Street nearby , their hearts and lungs spoke the truth . Breathing in that pollution was bad .
“ In all participants , irrespective of their disease status , walking in Hyde Park led to an increase in lung function , ” the researchers wrote in the Lancet medical journal . And pulse wave velocity — a measure of stiffened arteries — fell in everyone . The benefits lasted a full day .
Related : Air pollution worsens heart failure , study finds
“ By contrast , these beneficial responses were attenuated after walking on Oxford Street , ” Rudy Sinharay of Imperial College , London and colleagues wrote .
It might seem obvious , but it has n't been clear if the drawbacks of air pollution counteract the benefits of exercising .
“ Our findings suggest that healthy people , as well as those with chronic cardiorespiratory disorders , should minimize walking on streets with high levels of pollution because this curtails or even reverses the cardiorespiratory benefits of exercise , ” the researchers wrote .
“ Instead , walking exercise should be enjoyed in urban green space areas away from high density traffic . ”
The researchers recruited 120 volunteers , 60 years and older , 80 of whom who had mild heart or lung disease .
“ They 're the canaries in the coal mine , ” said George Thurston , an expert on the health effects of air pollution at the New York University School of Medicine . The volunteers are a little more vulnerable to the effects of pollution than the average healthy person 20 years younger .
Related : Air pollution kills 7 million people a year
“ Participants were randomly assigned by drawing numbered disks at random from a bag to do a two-hour walk either along a commercial street in London ( Oxford Street ) or in an urban park , ” the researchers wrote in their report , published in the Lancet medical journal .
That was important , because other studies trying to tease out the effects of exercise , or pollution , or both , have n't been able to show whether there is something different about people who choose not to exercise , or those who live in polluted areas .
“ This very interesting new study gets around that limitation , by getting the participants to do things they would n't necessarily have chosen to do as part of their normal activity . That is , it 's a real experiment , ” said Kevin McConway , emeritus professor of applied statistics at The Open University in Britain , who was not involved in the study .
The team measured how much pollution the volunteers breathed in and measured heart and lung function . Even though London is not one of the world 's most notoriously polluted cities , there is a lot of diesel pollution in downtown streets such as Oxford Street , and there is much less in nearby Hyde Park , with its trees , bushes and grassy spaces .
Related : Pollution kills , even with new , stricter standards
“ Hyde Park is green , has beautiful trees , and is rather tranquil for a central London location , '' McConway said . `` Is it possible that the differences in response were caused by something other than the differences in air pollution and noise ? Perhaps it 's simply more relaxing to walk in the park . ”
But the researchers did measure exposure to pollutants . Typical pollutants that come from car and truck exhaust , including ultrafine particles and nitrogen dioxide , were clearly linked with reduction in lung function and less flexible arteries , they found .
“ The benefits of exercise disappear at highly polluted locations . ”
This finding did not surprise Thurston , who wrote a commentary on the findings in the Lancet .
“ I am in Manhattan and a lot of times you see people running along very trafficked places , ” they said
“ The exercise is good for you but the higher the pollution levels , the less helpful it is . The benefits of exercise disappear at highly polluted locations . ”
Related : 4 in 10 Americans breathe polluted air
Thurston said people worried about whether pollution is counteracting the benefits of their exercise can find pollution monitors that link to smartphones . Or they can just work out away from traffic .
Not everyone has that luxury .
“ The observation that air pollution encountered on a high street in London removes any health protection produced by exercise outdoors is yet another demonstration that pollution is eroding the health of ordinary people , ” commented Stephen Holgate and air quality expert at the University of Southampton
Sarah Silverman had some seriously harsh words for President Donald Trump at a march in New York City on Saturday that was organized on Tax Day to demand Trump release their tax returns .
“ Show us your f–king taxes , you emotional child , ” Silverman told the crowd in a rant captured on video and shared on social media .
The outspoken comedian added , “ You like being a superficial bully ? Here 's one for you : you are a three at best . ”
Silverman was snapped carrying a sign that read “ You 're a 3 at best . ”
They shared other signs they made for the rally on Twitter including one that read , “ Hey Donny , did you pay zero taxes in Rubles or dollars ? CRIMINALS HIDE # Taxes ”
Silverman initially supported Bernie Sanders in the 2016 election , and they threw their support behind Democratic Nominee Hillary Clinton once Sanders was out of the race .
If you like the idea of sipping home-made soda or tonic water while chilling out and listening to vinyl records , you 'll be in heaven if you pay a visit to JOE .
The new lounge bar , on Church Street , in Crystal Palace , makes all of its soft drinks and mixers in-house with flavours varying from week to week based on which fruits are in season .
Tempting organic cordials which have featured on the menu since it opened at the end of August include pineapple and mint , fig and cinnamon and blackberry , pear and rose - with all flavours designed to be drunk alone or with a shot of your chosen liqor .
A choice of tonic , soda and dandelion and burdock flavours are also available , as well as either filter or cold-brew coffee and tea .
`` You can really customise the menu , just like you would for a selection of Spanish tapas , '' explained owner Joe Hirschhorn .
`` When I set up here , I wanted to bring the same energy that many new restaurants bring to food to the drinks menu .
`` I 'd noticed that people tend to sleepwalk into the same pubs after work and have generic drinks , and I wanted to change that .
`` I wanted to offer people something that was completely natural without added sugars getting in the way of you enjoying the flavours of the drinks . ''
Traditional spirit and mixer combinations like gin and tonic are always available and there are also three cocktails on the menu at any one time - which can be made either with or without alcohol and are served with a glass straw .
Previous offerings have included the Canadi-Asian - a mix of cold-brew coffee , maple syrup and coconut milk which can be combined with white rum for an extra kick - and the Copa Verde , which is made with avocado , agave syrup and thyme .
`` We do n't see them as cocktails - they are creations and they are designed to be drunk either as they are or with a spirit - the white rum really takes the Canadi-Asian to a new level , '' Joe said .
`` And everyone who has tasted our gin and tonic has come back for more . ''
All of the spirits , wines , ciders and craft beers at the lounge are currently ordered in , but Joe assures customers that they are high-quality and said they have not ruled out the idea of producing them in-house one day .
They explained their inspiration for setting up the bar , adding : `` Part of the reason for why we are somewhere in between a bar and a pub is that I liked the narrative of two people - one heavy drinker and one who is teetotal - meeting for a catch-up .
`` If it took place at a pub , the teetotal person would feel left out in the cold , and I wanted to offer a space where that would n't be the case . ''
( Image : David Cook )
The 44-year-old Gipsy Hill man , who worked as an antique dealer before setting up shop at JOE , decorated the space with an eclectic mix of things they have gathered over the years - including a vinyl record player .
Customers can let the staff select the music , request songs or even bring their own record collection in .
`` We 've created a really relaxing and welcoming place where customers can just chill out , socialise and enjoy good music , '' Joe added .
( Image : David Cook )
The bar also serves food , with savoury offerings such as small plates of smoked meats - including duck breast , chicken breast and pork belly - sourced from local smokehouse London Smoke and Cure .
If you prefer something sweet , you might choose one of the cakes on offer , made by local baker Hannah Plimmer .
Joe explained that Hannah 's Persian roots inspire their baking , with treats gone by including lemon , thyme and olive oil cake and Persian spiced loaf cake .
`` It 's a very clean menu because we wanted to make sure that the food was one of the main attractions rather than just an afterthought to be served with a drink , '' they added .
JOE is open from 11am to 11pm on Thursdays , Fridays , Saturdays and Sundays .
For more information , search @ atJOECP on Facebook .
With President Trump rewriting a travel-ban order , many foreign investors are left wondering what happens next .
TRENTON , N.J. ( CBsNewYork/AP ) — New Jersey lawmakers are set to vote on legislation sought by Gov . Chris Christie to help curb the state 's opioid crisis .
The Democrat-led Assembly scheduled a vote Wednesday on a bill to curb initial opioid prescriptions to a five-day supply . The measure also mandates state-regulated health insurers cover inpatient and outpatient treatment for drug addiction .
“ That will actually have providers having to give at least six months of treatment , ” Prieto told WCBS 880 's Peter Haskell .
The prescription drug limit would not apply to cancer and chronic pain patients and for end-of-life care . The legislation also calls for continuing education for professionals who prescribe drugs .
Christie called for the measures as part of a broader focus on the epidemic . Earlier this month , Christie signed legislation requiring medical professionals to discuss the possibility of addiction when prescribing opioid drugs to those under 18 .
Nearly 1,600 people died from opioids in 2015 in New Jersey .
According to Prieto , four out of five heroin addicts started with legal drugs .
Christie , who is devoting their final year in office to the crisis , met with President Donald Trump Tuesday on the issue .
Christie 's term ends in January 2018 . Legislators have broadly signaled support for the governor 's agenda .
( TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
CASA GRANDE , Ariz. — The Latest on a quadruple shooting in Casa Grande , Arizona . ( all times local ) :
3:50 p.m .
The mother of one of the suspects in a quadruple shooting in Casa Grande , Arizona , says they feel shock , horror and dismay .
Mary Lou Rodriguez said in a written statement that they are the mother of Alec Javier Perez , one of two suspects held in the slaying of four people Thursday in the southern Arizona city .
Rodriguez says they love their son but does not condone or accept violent behaviour . Rodriguez expressed condolences to the victims ' loved ones .
Police say 31-year-old Alec Javier Perez and 22-year-old Rodney Ortiz Jr. remain jailed after being arrested Thursday on suspicion of four counts of first-degree murder .
The victims are identified as 32-year-old Justin Allen Yates , 27-year-old Jose Martin Aguilera , 31-year-old Connie Carrera and 29-year-old Crysta Proctor .
Police said Proctor was the estranged wife of Perez .
——–
2:21 p.m .
Casa Grande police have identified the two suspects arrested and the victims in a quadruple killing attributed to domestic violence , saying that one of the victims was the estranged wife of one of the suspects .
Police say 31-year-old Alec Javier Perez and 22-year-old Rodney Ortiz Jr. remain jailed after being arrested Thursday on suspicion of four counts of first-degree murder .
The victims are identified as 32-year-old Justin Allen Yates , 27-year-old Jose Martin Aguilera , 31-year-old Connie Carrera and 29-year-old Crysta Proctor .
Police said Proctor was the estranged wife of Perez .
Police say the case has been submitted to the Pinal County Attorney 's Office for review .
A police department spokesperson , Officer Thomas Anderson , says they do n't know whether the suspects have attorneys who could comment on the allegations .
President Donald Trump has approved a plan to arm the Syrian Kurdish militia — an important U.S. ally in Syria in the fight against ISIS .
The Pentagon said the move is significant because it supports the notion that the Syrian Democratic Force is the fighting force that will eventually go in to Raqqa , a city in Syria 's center which has been under ISIS control since 2014 . The move also reinforces the idea that the entire Syrian Democratic Force , Syrian Kurds ( YPG ) and the Syrian Arab Coalition , has the backing of the U.S .
`` The ( Syrian Democratic Force ) , partnered with enabling support from U.S. and coalition forces , are the only force on the ground that can successfully seize Raqqa in the near future , '' chief Pentagon spokesperson Dana White said Tuesday in a statement .
Fighters from the Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) stand guard at the site of Turkish airstrikes near northeastern Syrian Kurdish town of Derik , known as al-Malikiyah in Arabic , on April 25 , 2017 . Delil Souleiman / AFP - Getty Images file
Trump and members of their Cabinet spoke about it during a meeting late Monday at the White House with Secretary of Defense James Mattis joining by video teleconference .
The order has been signed and that “ allows the process to begin to function , ” one official told NBC News . Once the order comes to the Pentagon , the U.S. can begin providing the Syrian Kurds with arms and equipment fairly quickly since some equipment is pre-positioned .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House Confirms Trump 's Sign-Off on Arming Syrian Kurds 0:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The officials could not say what might flow in first or how it would get there , but among the expected options are :
Breaching equipment — bulldozers , engineering equipment
More effective infantry equipment : rifles , ammunition , armor and communication gear ( radios )
The officials said the equipment could be delivered by any number of methods : Ground convoys , C-130s , and air drops are all possible , depending on what the equipment is and the area .
It is unclear whether the U.S. may provide bigger equipment .
The news about the U.S. plan to arm Syrian Kurds comes as the The Trump administration mulls sending as many as 5,000 more troops to Afghanistan , a military official told NBC News , and as the White House makes moves it believes will help American forces `` start winning '' again in the region .
The Turks will be notified about the decision on arming Syrian Kurdish forces soon and the Pentagon expects a strong reaction . In March , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson traveled to Turkey to meet with President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , who sees the YPG as terrorists .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed U.S.-Backed Militias Battle for ISIS Capital 0:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Erdoğan is expected to travel to Washington D.C. to meet with the president next week — their first face-to-face meeting since Trump took office — and one in which divisions over U.S. support of the Syrian Kurdish militia are likely to be a point of contention .
In the Syrian conflict , Turkey supports the opposition . However , Turkish forces are n't focused on troops backed by Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad — whose leadership is supported by Russia .
Instead , Turkish troops and some Syrian factions have trained their efforts on Syrian Kurds in the country 's north as well as ISIS militants .
`` We are keenly aware of the security concerns of our coalition partner Turkey , '' White said in a statement on Tuesday . `` We want to reassure the people and government of Turkey that the U.S. is committed to preventing additional security risks and protecting our NATO ally . ''
Last week , the White House said Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed by phone ways to resolve the Syria crisis — a six year old civil war which has left more than 500,000 civilians dead , displaced millions and drawn international outrage . That conversation included a `` discussion of safe , or de-escalation , zones to achieve lasting peace for humanitarian and many other reasons . ''
It 's going to be a messy construction season in the city 's downtown , but Londoners will have a window into every step of the work .
City staff are finalizing plans to keep residents up to date during two big digs , using digital strategies like an online portal and construction blog .
The massive reconstruction planned for Dundas Street – transforming it into pedestrian-friendly Dundas Place between Ridout and Wellington streets and overhauling the utility equipment below ground – will be joined by a sewer replacement under portions of York and Talbot streets , closing sections of all three roads to traffic and pedestrians from April to November .
With thousands of cars , pedestrians and city buses routed to King Street and Queens Avenue instead , the projects could make navigating London 's downtown a challenge .
Jim Yanchula , London 's manager of downtown projects , told politicians at a Monday committee meeting the work is akin to open-heart surgery for city roads .
“ We are going to open the patient up and look deep down underneath the ground and make sure all the infrastructure we need to replace and update is going to be done . Then we put everything back , sew the patient up , and have it be even better than when we started , ” they said .
But Yanchula acknowledged the big digs will be happening at the same time , and will impact how Londoners get around .
The goal , they said , is to use a “ sustained , sincere , strategic ” communications approach to educate Londoners about the roads and routes open and closed in the downtown . It 's also key to keeping business owners abreast of developments .
Renew London , a site that highlights construction around the city on a daily basis , will be one avenue for residents to find up-to-date information about projects that may interfere with their travel downtown or anywhere else in London .
A blog will chronicle the progress of construction projects such as the $ 16 million Dundas Place “ transformation , ” which is expected to start next month .
“ In my mind , it 's head and shoulders above what we 've ever seen historically in the city of London , ” Coun . Tanya Park said of the communication strategy .
Staff want to keep residents informed of traffic pitfalls , but also get residents interested in the underground work . The blog will be a platform to educate people about any interesting finds workers dig up .
“ There 's also a historical component . This is the first time that parts of the city will be dug up in over 100 years , so we might see all sorts of different artifacts . . . it 'll be a really interesting thing for the city to go through . I hope people will come down and take a look at what we once were , ” Park said .
The underground work may not be glamorous , but it 's overdue .
The $ 7 million sewer replacement is the first phase of a plan to update 20 blocks of old sewers that date back to the 1800s in the city 's downtown , starting with York Street between the Thames River and Talbot Street . Replacing that ageing equipment will reduce sewage overflows to the Thames River .
The second phase of the sewer replacement wo n't be started until after London hosts the Juno Awards in March 2019 .
mstacey @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/MeganatLFPress
DALLAS — James Neal scored twice in the third period Friday night , rallying the Golden Knights to a 2-1 victory over the Dallas Stars in the debut of the first major pro sports franchise in Las Vegas .
The expansion team was playing five days after the shooting that killed 58 people in Las Vegas , and the Dallas players honoured the desert city by forming a line next to their Vegas counterparts before the national anthem .
With the video board reading “ Viva Las Vegas ” above the players , the public address announcer said “ Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy . ”
Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 45 of 46 shots to help the Golden Knights become the first expansion to open with a victory since the Ottawa Senators in 1992 . They also spoiled coach Ken Hitchcock 's return to Dallas 18 years after they directed the franchise 's only Stanley Cup title .
Both of Neal 's goals came against Kari Lehtonen after Ben Bishop left with an apparent facial injury after taking a puck to the mask . Bishop had stopped all 19 shots in their Dallas debut after coming over in a trade with Los Angeles and signing a long-term contract with the Stars .
A former Dallas player and expected to be a top offensive threat for the Golden Knights , Neal beat a screened Lehtonen between the legs midway through the third period for the tying goal .
The go-ahead goal came in transition when Neal got the puck past from Lehtonen from their knees with 2:44 remaining . Lehtonen shared the job with Antti Niemi the past two seasons , and the Stars made it clear in the off-season they were going a new direction at goalie .
Tyler Seguin opened the scoring late in the second period when they redirected a pass from Devin Shore past Marc-Andre Fleury , a three-time Stanley Cup winner with Pittsburgh before being unprotected in the expansion draft .
The Stars had plenty to celebrate as well , marking 25 seasons since moving from Minnesota with plenty of highlights while three-time golf major winner Jordan Spieth and former Dallas Cowboys quarterback-turned-broadcaster Tony Romo watched from a suite .
The biggest pregame roar came when Hitchcock was introduced , right after a highlight reel that included Brett Hull 's Stanley Cup-winning goal when Hitchcock was behind the bench in 1999 .
Technically , it 's the 24th season for the Dallas Stars because of the lockout that wiped out the 2004-05 season . They moved from Minnesota for the 1993-94 season .
UP NEXT
Golden Knights : At Arizona on Saturday night .
Stars : Hitchcock 's return to St. Louis on Saturday night .
——
More AP NHL : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
According to the Ghana Embassy in Riyadh , it has come to the notice of officials of the Embassy that many Ghanaians illegally resident in Saudi Arabia were not heeding to the call to take advantage of the Amnesty granted by the Saudi government to leave without penalty .
Ghanaian illegal immigrants living and working in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia have been advised to take advantage of the 90 days general amnesty put forward by the Saudi government and leave the country before it expires on June 25 , 2017 .
A statement issued and signed by Marcel Domayele , the Acting Head of Mission said Ghanaians who fail to take advantage of the Amnesty could be arrested , detained and fined for non- compliance with the country 's laws .
It said the Embassy was still processing Emergency Travel Certificates and therefore urged Ghanaian residents to take advantaged .
The statement said the Embassy had gathered that , “ False rumours by some died hard illegal Ghanaians and their cohorts are doing the rounds that the amnesty directive by the governmentof Saudi Arabia is fake . ”
“ Subsequently , such illegal Ghanaian illegal immigrants are digging in their heels to continue to stay in Saudi Arabia at all cost only to soon turn into consular nightmare for the Embassy . ”
“ Indeed , they are on record as stated that unless and until they see the faces of Embassy officials in WhatsApp videos circulating and urging them to leave under the amnesty , they will never believe it , let alone appear for Emergency Travel Certificates . In that regard they are discouraging the willing souls desperate on visiting the Embassy to acquire TCs to leave the country with tales of Embassy staff arresting them forcibly for immediate deportation to Ghana ” .
The statement from Mr Domayele said there was no credence in the “ rumours ” and therefore urged “ vulberable ” illegal Ghanaians to take advantage of the amnesty because the last day for processing them for depart by the Embassy and host immigration authorities is Thursday June 15 , 2017 .
It said the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia will embark on official holidays , from Sunday June 18 , 2017 for two weeks , during which all businesses would come to a halt and therefore those arrested may never have the chance of the Embassy being informed let alone coming to their aid .
“ Meanwhile the Embassy will not be in position to assist any amnesty violators and so compliance now is the only remedy to avert unforeseen and untold hardships , ” it added .
It further urged Ghanaians currently in the business of using Nigeria as a route to transport housemands to Saudi Arabia and the Guld to halt all such untoward migratory activities and the traffickers must cease forthwith to ply this negative trade .
The Embassy in May 2017 issues a public notice to urge illegal immigrants to take advantage of the amnesty .
Below is a copy of the statement from the Ghana Embassy in Saudi Arabia
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov has denied reports of intercepted phone calls between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump 's presidential campaign .
The New York Times said that the Russians made contact with Paul Manafort , who briefly served as Trump 's campaign chairperson . Current and former U.S. officials interviewed by the Times declined to identify other Trump associates contacted by the Russians .
Speaking to reporters in Moscow , Peskov , spokesperson for President Vladimir Putin , pointed to the anonymity of the sources , saying that the reports `` are not based on any facts , do not point to actual facts . ''
The report comes a day after U.S. National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned following reports they misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about their contacts with Russia .
The Latest on the search for two missing hikers at Grand Canyon National Park ( all times local ) :
12:35 p.m .
A Tennessee school has identified a student as one of two hikers who were swept away while crossing a remote creek in Grand Canyon National Park .
The McCallie School in Chattanooga released a statement Monday saying the missing hikers are eighth-grader Jackson Standefer and their step-grandmother . It did n't name the woman .
Authorities say the 14- and 62-year-old hikers were swept away Saturday while crossing Tapeats Creek , a tributary of the Colorado River below the canyon 's North Rim .
A helicopter and drone on Monday are helping searchers on the ground try to find the pair , who have n't been identified by park officials . An investigation is underway .
___
10 a.m .
Authorities are searching for a 14-year-old boy and a 62-year-old woman missing in Grand Canyon National Park after they were swept down a creek while crossing it in a remote part of the park .
Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service says two fellow hikers alerted authorities by setting off an emergency GPS locator beacon in the backcountry area below the canyon 's North Rim .
They say the two lost their footing and were swept away Saturday in Tapeats Creek , a tributary of the Colorado River .
Vandzura declined to identify the missing , the other hikers or their relationship to each other .
An investigation is underway but authorities have not concluded how the two were swept away .
A helicopter and a drone on Monday were assisting searchers on the ground .
MIDTERM MADNESS : Looking at the 2018 money race
Alex Seitz-Wald sums up the money race so far : “ At least 45 Democratic challengers in 34 districts raised more money last quarter than the Republican member of Congress they 're hoping to defeat in November , according to new campaign finance reports . ”
AZ-SEN : Could Joe Arpaio actually win the Senate primary ? POLITICO profiles the man who could be “ the next Roy Moore . ”
CA-GOV : Gavin Newsom is dominating in the fundraising race for governor . ( Meanwhile , Kevin de Leon 's fundraising is way , way behind Feinstein 's . )
CA-22 : Andrew Janz , the Democrat challenging Devin Nunes , says they raised $ 65,000 online over the last seven days .
IN-SEN : The Notre Dame “ Fighting Irish ” leprechaun has become a political issue in the Indiana GOP Senate primary after an ESPN host suggested it should be retired .
MD-SEN : It 's not entirely clear that Chelsea Manning is eligible to run for Senate .
MI-SEN : A fringe candidate has dropped out of the Senate race after calling the judge in the Larry Nassar case a “ Feminazi . ”
MO-GOV : Eric Greitens might be in hot water over their office 's use of a messaging app that automatically deletes content .
MN-GOV : They are n't interested in a Senate bid , but Tim Pawlenty is definitely weighing a gubernatorial comeback .
MS-SEN : Intrigue in Mississippi , via the Washington Post : “ Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has asked the governor of Mississippi to consider appointing themselves to the Senate if ailing Republican Sen. Thad Cochran resigns from office , according to two people familiar with the conversations… In particular , a self-appointment by Bryant would complicate the ambitions of state senator and attorney Chris McDaniel , a foe of McConnell , who ran a failed primary campaign against Cochran in 2014 , and has been preparing for another run . ”
And/but the Clarion Ledger reports that Bryant is n't interested .
NY-11 : It looks like Michael Grimm 's campaign debt to mega-lobbying and law firm Squire Patton Boggs has been forgiven . ( And their spokesperson is not exactly being helpful in explaining why . )
NY-12 : A Democratic primary to keep an eye on : First-time candidate and Obama campaign veteran Suraj Patel outraised Carolyn Maloney by 4-1 over the last quarter .
UT-SEN : Mitt Romney took another step towards a Senate run , with an announcement planned for February 15 .
TRUMP AGENDA : Not all Republicans are the same page on releasing the Nunes memo
NBC 's Jonathan Allen has the latest on how Republicans are feeling about the release of the classified FBI intelligence collection memo . ( Spoiler : They 're not all thrilled . )
And here 's what the White House is saying about the memo .
The Washington Post reports that there was “ never any hesitation ” from Trump about releasing the document .
The Wall Street Journal reports that the chances of an immigration deal appear to be fading .
From one of us ( ! ) on this pre-Super Bowl-weekend morning : Nearly half of Americans would discourage kids from playing football due to concussion concerns .
NEW YORK — Comedy Central 's Jordan Klepper is planning a slumber party for young activists pushing for action on gun control
Klepper plans to host Thursday 's episode of their show , “ The Opposition , ” from a living room of a private home in Bethesda , Maryland . That 's where young people are gathering in preparation for Saturday 's March For Our Lives on Washington to oppose gun violence .
Klepper took special interest in the issue even before they began hosting the show last fall . They did several stories on gun control when they were part of “ The Daily Show . ”
They plan to stay in character , as a right-wing conspiracy theorist , as they interview the activists . Their show airs at 11:30 p.m. Eastern .
LAS VEGAS — The hearty American consumer appears to have considered the largest mass shooting in modern American history — been saddened by it , and a little worried — and decided not to end a love affair with Las Vegas .
Hotels along the audacious Strip ( quietly ) acknowledged some cancellations , and some businesses said they saw a slight fall-off in sales in the first three days after Sunday night 's attack outside the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino . But most customers , merchants and investors appear to think the business of fun and excess is still good business .
Visitors from China , France and Appleton , Wisconsin , continued to gape at the Bellagio 's water show . Lines continued to form at check-in desks up and down Las Vegas Boulevard . Couples in shorts and flip-flops still slurped from their three-foot-tall daiquiri decanters , but now under glowing Jumbotrons that proclaimed “ VegasStrong. ” And customers filed steadily into giant CVS and Walgreens stores along the Strip , packing out bags full of cigarettes , energy drinks , DayQuil and 12-packs of beer .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed In Wake of Las Vegas Shooting , Hotels Push for Increased Security 4:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“ Take a look at that line , ” said a Walgreens clerk . “ What happened does n't seem to have dampened anyone 's courage . ”
Clearly there were those who decided in the immediate aftermath of the shooting that they were too anxious to come to town . Others said they did n't want to celebrate in the wake of the tragedy . They canceled their reservations , according to employees at several of the largest hotels on the Strip . None of the staffers wanted to say how many rooms had been left vacant , though a clerk at the modest Travelodge , half a mile north of the Mandalay Bay , said they took eight cancellations the day after the attack .
Related : The Vet Whose Invention Makes a Gun Fire Like a Machine Gun
But the view forward looked promising . A spokesperson with the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority said “ there is no evidence of cancellations at this time ” among the hundreds of groups and companies booked for conventions this year . And the Travelodge employee said their hotel would be 90 percent full this weekend .
The resilience of the visitor economy comes after a year Vegas set a record , hosting 6.3 million business travelers who attended 21,864 meetings , according to the visitors authority . In 2016 , the city hosted 57 of the 250 largest trade shows in the country .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Las Vegas Attack : New Video Show Concertgoers Running for Their Lives 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The financial markets seemed weary , but only slightly , with stocks for the biggest gambling and resort companies dipping slightly early in the week , before recovering on Wednesday . MGM Resorts International , owner of more than a dozen properties in the city , dropped 3 percent before rallying . Caesars Entertainment Corp. barely budged before returning to $ 13.40 a share , near its high for the year . Boyd Gaming Corp. hovered near a three-year high , at more than $ 25.50 per share at midweek .
“ Expect Resilience With the U.S. Traveler , ” Nomura Securities headlined its note to investors after the attack .
“ You go back to a shooting in a casino in Manila , the Orlando incident , Paris , in each of those instances the city recovered . And we expect the same for Las Vegas , ” Harry Curtis , a managing director and senior analyst at Nomura told CNBC . ( He was referring to a shooting and arson in the Philippines in June that killed 36 ; the 2016 nightclub massacre in Florida that left 49 dead ; and the 2015 assault on a French concert hall and other venues that claimed 130 lives . )
Related : Las Vegas Gunman Meticulously Planned Shooting , Sheriff Says
Determined to reinforce the trend of resiliency , James J. Murren , the chief executive of MGM , met Wednesday with conventioneers from the software maker Ceridian and their customers . They told the gathering that the attack on Sunday ( launched from an MGM property ) was tragedy enough and that the damage would only be compounded if visitors turned away from Las Vegas , according to a couple of business people who attended the event .
Gambling and entertainment concerns will not escape the attacks unscathed , said Curtis , the analyst . They said the companies would have to endure cancellations and make refunds , which the big resorts agreed to do , waiving normal cancellation policies . Higher security costs should also be expected , Curtis added . ( The Wynn Las Vegas and Encore hotels , for example , used hand-held metal detectors to screen some visitors on Tuesday . ) But those moves will only amount to a cost increase of about half of 1 percent , Curtis predicted .
People walk on the Las Vegas strip on Tuesday Oct. 3 , 2017 . Jim Seida / NBC News
The stakes could not be higher for Las Vegas , a city wedded to human diversion in the way Detroit used to be bonded to the auto industry . And , as both cities learned , good times can be very , very good . Last year , Vegas tourism generated $ 59.6 billion in revenue , spawned 407,000 jobs — nearly 44 percent of the city 's total labor force — and generated nearly $ 17 billion in wages and salaries .
The unusual nature of Sunday night 's attack — with hundreds of bullets raining down on country music fans right off Vegas 's signature boulevard — makes it hard to predict how potential visitors might respond in the future , said Stephen M. Miller , director of UNLV 's Center for Business and Economic Research .
`` Orlando went through a similar episode recently , and evidence suggests that event did n't have a major effect on tourism , ” Miller said . “ But the difference is the nightclub was n't on Main Street in Disney World . ''
Jeff Waddoups , chairperson of UNLV 's Department of Economics at Lee Business School , said security improvements will help assure consumers who might still have doubts . They cited a 1980 fire at the MGM hotel in Las Vegas that killed 85 people and noted that laws were changed — including a requirement for sprinkler systems — to help prevent another tragedy .
“ That 's what I think we need to do now — but with gun control , ” said Waddoups , raising a hot-button issue that both Nevada and U.S. office holders have been reluctant to address . “ Business and political leaders need to come together to increase security so that people feel safe here . ''
A spate of immediate cancellations notwithstanding , the vast majority of visitors chose to stay in Las Vegas after the attack , or to go ahead with plans to come to the city in the hours and days that followed .
Holly Herd , a teacher from Midland , Texas , arrived Wednesday , and was waiting near the T-Mobile Arena for six other women , who would be celebrating their niece 's 21st birthday . Them niece worried whether they could have fun after the terrible loss of life . “ It 's sad . It 's so sad , ” Herd agreed .
But their group shucked off thoughts of canceling . “ It was too many people involved and too much logistics , ” Herd said . “ And , come on , it 's their 21st birthday ! We have T-shirts that match and all that . I mean , come on , we have to do this for her ! ”
Jean Van Roo of Wisconsin arrived with a cousin and a girlfriend Sunday afternoon and slept right through the fusillade that night , in a hotel room just a long block away from the Mandalay Bay . They said the trio , all retirement age , never thought about heading home .
“ We had tickets for Celine Dion , ” they explained . “ We saw them last night and it was fantastic . ... I actually feel safer with the police presence . I think that guy was loony-toons and it was an isolated incident . ”
WASHINGTON — Somber and shaken members of Congress put politics aside for at least a few hours as they walked through the halls of the United States Capitol Wednesday after a gunman went on a shooting rampage targeting Republican lawmakers at an early morning bipartisan baseball practice at a nearby Virginia field .
Emotional lawmakers spent the day consoling each other and recounting their experience as most official business in the House of Representatives was put on hold until tomorrow . Democrats and Republicans vowed to tone down their rhetoric and increase bipartisanship .
House Speaker Paul Ryan took to the floor to address the shooting that wounded Rep. Steve Scalise , R-Louisiana , two Congressional and four others . `` There are very strong emotions throughout this House today , '' Ryan said .
`` We are all horrified by this dreadful attack on our friends and on our colleagues and those who serve and protect this capital . We are all praying for those who were attacked and for their families , ” Ryan said . “ And we are united . We are united in our shock , we are united in our anguish . An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us . ”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ryan : 'An Attack on One of Us Is an Attack on All of Us ' 1:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Ryan hailed the bravery of the two members of the Capitol Police present and injured during the incident , saying that without them , “ many lives would have been lost . ”
Related : Rep. Steve Scalise , 4 Others Shot at GOP Baseball Practice
And they urged members of both parties to unite . “ For all the noise and all the fury , we are one family . These were our brothers and sisters in the line of fire . These were our brothers and sisters who ran into danger and saved countless lives . So before this House returns to its business , let 's just slow down and reflect , to think about how we 're all being tested right now , because we are being tested right now . I ask each of you to join me to resolve to come together to lift each other up , and to show the country , to show the world that we are one House , the People 's House , united in our humanity . ”
The members on the baseball field were holding their last practice for their annual Congressional baseball game , an annual tradition dating back to 1909 that is celebrated as a thriving bastion of bipartisanship , especially in hyper-partisan times .
In a show of bipartisanship , the coach of the Democratic team , Rep. Mike Doyle , R-Penn. , invited the Republican team members to dinner and drinks at the Democratic Club Wednesday night .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rand Paul : Capitol Police Officers are Reason We Survived the Shooting 2:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` We want to have them to dinner and have a time to be with each other and reflect on this day and share food and drink and get to know each other a bit better , '' Doyle said .
Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas , the coach of the Republican team , said he 's only been to the Democratic Club once and joked , `` I 'll bring my food taster and we 'll be there . ''
Members who attended the practice when the shooting happened filed into the Capitol in their baseball clothes and emotionally recounted the dramatic scene .
Bargon grew emotional as they described what they saw to reporters when they returned to the Capitol .
“ He shot at Trent Kelley , our third baseman . They shot at Steve Scalise , our second baseman . They hit Steve Scalise . Scalise 's security detail and Capitol Hill police immediately returned fireand Alexandria police also immediately came and began to return fire . They shot the shooter and I think the security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter . ”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Emotional Rep. Joe Barton Describes Scalise Shooting Scene 2:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Barton 's two children also attended the practice with him , including their 10-year old .
“ Some of us were in the dugout , '' Barton said . `` Some of us were on the ground . I was behind the dugout . My son Jack got under an SUV and they were very brave . My other son Brad was in the , the batting cage and they also are very brave . ”
Rep. Jeff Duncan , R-S.C. , left practice minutes before the shooting . They said they fist-bumped Scalise before they left and spoke to someone on their way out who they think could have been the shooter .
`` I did have an interaction with someone in the parking lot who asked me if the team practicing was a Democratic or Republican team . I told them they were Republicans , '' Duncan said .
After a briefing with the U.S. Capitol Sergeant of Arms and Congressional leaders , House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , R-Calif. , stopped to speak with reporters . They said that Scalise had gotten out of surgery and is doing “ very well. ” Hospital officials said Scalise is listed in critical condition
They grew emotional about their friend , Scalise . “ I 've known Steve — we were back in Young Republicans together — long before we ever served together , ” McCarthy said before getting emotional and walking away . “ I 'll talk to you guys later . ”
Tourists continued to swarm the Capitol , listening to tour guides as they meandered through the building . Their joyful mood was a contrast from the lawmakers struggling to make sense of a shooting that affects thousands of people each year but has happened to them .
The House cancelled all official business on the House floor Wednesday except for statements by Speaker Ryan and Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi . Most seats in the House floor were filled by members to hear their statements in a show of unity and support .
Pelosi seconded Ryan 's remarks . `` To my colleagues , you 're going to hear me say something you 've never heard me say before , '' Pelosi said on the House floor . `` I identify myself with the remarks of the Speaker . They were beautiful remarks , Mr. Speaker , thank you so much for the sentiments that they represent . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Congressman : Suspected Shooter Asked Us If We Were Dems or GOP 3:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Democrats and Republicans also gathered for an all-member briefing to get an update on what happened . Members left the meeting saying that a major topic of discussion was members ' security . Lawmakers stood to discuss the death threats they receive and they discussed moving their district offices into court buildings that already have ample security .
Related : Sen. Rand Paul 's Says Capitol Police Prevented `` Massacre ''
It 's not only the members and their staffs reeling from the tragedy . The Capitol Police are greatly impacted as one of their members was shot defending Scalise and the lawmakers and another sustained an ankle injury . Earlier it was believed both officers had been shot .
Security was tightened on the Hill and more police called into work . But their humanity was on display . A woman walked up to a U.S. Capitol Police officer and gave them an extended hug .
Some lawmakers began pointing toward political rhetoric that has gotten out of hand as something that might have motivated the attack .
Rep. Tim Murphy , R-Penn. , who is also a Naval psychologist who deals with trauma , said that witnesses and victims are going to need support not only on this day but in the days ahead . They said , however , that politics needs to calm down .
`` The one thing we got ta do is stop the hateful rhetoric around here . It 's never excusable for a leader , a politician , a comedian , an actor . So it 's got ta stop , '' Murphy said . `` It 's a time we all have to be reflecting on ourselves , asking , 'Do we do this ? ' Do we try and destroy someone with our words ? ''
Rep. Rodney Davis , R-Ill , said , “ It 's the political hate and the rhetoric that we 've seen that 's ratcheted up that has got to stop and that 's the reason I 'm here today talking to you . ”
“ We 've got to stop this rhetoric , we 've got to stop the hate and today 's the day that has to be America 's breaking point where Republicans and Democrats come together and say enough is enough , '' they said .
Dr. Daniel Joseph Mizak , 77 , of Trumbull , a retired physician , passed away on Sunday , December 3 , 2017 at Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes in Shelton .
They were predeceased by their beloved wife Heide . They were also predeceased by a brother-in-law , Vincent Lima .
Survivors include four daughters , Andrea ( Christopher ) Kerin , Michelle Youd , Linda Mizak , and Heide Rose Mizak ; three granddaughters , Jacqueline Kerin , Sydney Youd , and Bianca Youd ; one sister , Monica Mizak ; one sister-in-law , Ute Lima ; one brother-in-law , Dieter ( Ingrid ) ; several nieces and nephews ; many close friends ; and countless patients to whom they devoted their career .
Born on January 1 , 1940 in Bridgeport they were the son of the late Joseph and Rose ( Turchik ) Mizak . Dan grew up in Bridgeport but spent time at the family farm on Daniels Farm Road in Trumbull and with their uncle at the Fairfield County Fish and Game Protective Association club in Monroe . Their active membership in the Fish and Game club lasted their entire life .
After graduation from Fairfield College Preparatory School in 1957 , Dan earned their pre-medical degree at the University of Bridgeport . They took a year of special work in the department of immunology at the University of Buffalo and in 1968 earned the degree of doctor of medicine from Jefferson Medical College . At Jefferson , they were a member of the Sims Obstetric and Gynecologic society . In Philadelphia , they served their internship at Methodist Hospital and two residencies in internal medicine and cardiology at Jefferson Medical College Hospital . They also served a residency in family medicine at Bridgeport Hospital .
From 1970 to 1972 , Dan served in the U.S. Army at Fort Monmouth , NJ after which time they returned with their wife and children to Connecticut , and opened their family practice office in Huntington Center in 1973 , where they cared for area families until their retirement in 2012 .
Dr. Mizak was known to their patients as a compassionate and caring physician . They were truly dedicated to their patients , and their very best interests were their deepest concern .
An avid sportsman , Dan was an active rifle , pistol , and shotgun shooter . While in the Army , they were a member of the Fort Monmouth Marksmanship Unit . They enjoyed hunting and fishing , and snowmobiling in New Hampshire .
Friends may greet the family on Friday , December 15 , from 4:00 to 8:00 p.m. , at the Spadaccino Funeral Home , 315 Monroe Turnpike in Monroe . A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated on Saturday , December 16 , 2017 , at 10:00 am , at St. Lawrence Church , 505 Shelton Avenue in Huntington . Burial will be private .
The family would like to thank caregivers Pam , Aiesha , and John for their compassionate and skilled care .
Instead of flowers , memorial contributions may be made to the Coalition of Connecticut Sportsmen P.O . Box 2506 Hartford , CT 06146 http : //ctsportsmen.com or the Umbagog Snowmobile Association P.O . Box 133 Errol , NH 03579 www.umbagogsnowmobile.com
For additional information or to share a message of condolence , visit www.spadaccinofuneralhome.com .
Tiote 's agent calls for end to speculation over death
< Previous 1 of 10 Next > Beijing Enterprises club football players look at the coffin of Cheick Tiote during a memorial service in Beijing on June 13 , 2017 .
Tiote , who was a member of the Ivory Coast squad that ended a 23-year drought to win the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations , died on June 5 , 2017 after 'suddenly fainting ' during a training session with their second tier Chinese club Beijing Enterprises . / AFP PHOTO / NICOLAS ASFOURI Have you read Trendiee Today ? Click here to read Senegalese football player Papiss Cisse ( C , head down ) of Shandong Luneng football club and close friends pray in front of the coffin of Cheick Tiote during a memorial service in Beijing on June 13 , 2017 .
Tiote , who was a member of the Ivory Coast squad that ended a 23-year drought to win the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations , died on June 5 , 2017 after 'suddenly fainting ' during a training session with their second tier Chinese club Beijing Enterprises . / AFP PHOTO / NICOLAS ASFOURI Friends and Beijing Enterprises club football fans are seen ahead of a memorial service for Cheick Tiote in Beijing on June 13 , 2017 .
Tiote , who was a member of the Ivory Coast squad that ended a 23-year drought to win the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations , died on June 5 , 2017 after 'suddenly fainting ' during a training session with their second tier Chinese club Beijing Enterprises . / AFP PHOTO / NICOLAS ASFOURI Beijing Enterprises club football fans show a banner that reads `` R.I.P Cheick Tiote 1986-2017 '' ahead of a memorial service for Cheick Tiote in Beijing on June 13 , 2017 .
Tiote , who was a member of the Ivory Coast squad that ended a 23-year drought to win the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations , died on June 5 , 2017 after 'suddenly fainting ' during a training session with their second tier Chinese club Beijing Enterprises . / AFP PHOTO / NICOLAS ASFOURI
The agent of the late Ivory Coast midfielder Cheick Tiote on Wednesday called for the media to cease making unsubstantiated claims about the reasons for their death .
The 52-time capped star — a member of the Ivory Coast squad that ended a 23-year drought in winning the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations — died after fainting during training with second division side Beijing Enterprises on June 5 . They were 30 years of age .
Their death shocked the football world , reverberating in England , where they played for seven years at Newcastle United before joining the Beijing team in February .
However , with their body being flown home to the Ivory Coast — after an emotional farewell held at a funeral home in China on Tuesday — Emanuele Palladino issued a statement to Press Association Sport calling on the speculation over why they died to end out of sympathy for their family 's feelings .
“ There is increasing speculation regarding the circumstances and reasons behind Cheick Tiote 's death with many inaccuracies being printed in the press on this subject , ” Palladino said .
“ This has been upsetting for Cheick 's family and all parties involved at what is already a difficult time .
“ We appreciate Cheick was a much-loved personality . Their club Beijing Enterprises are being co-operative at this time and when we have official information surrounding their death we will give a statement on behalf of their family .
“ Until then we can not comment further however we thank you for all your continued support and well wishes . ”
Tiote 's body is expected to arrive back in the Ivory Coast on Thursday and more tributes are planned for the player .
The national team returned to Abidjan on Monday after an Africa Cup of Nations qualifying defeat by Guinea and presented their condolences to the player 's family .
Tiote was one of 10 children , who like many of their Ivory Coast team-mates , grew up in abject poverty and did n't possess a pair of boots until they were 15 , but whose lucrative move to China gave them the opportunity to help their family financially .
“ It was their dream to play in China and I was so delighted for them when it happened , ” said former England manager Steve McClaren , who coached them twice , once at Dutch side Twente where they won the 2010 league title and then at Newcastle ( 2015/16 ) .
“ He earned money to look after their family .
“ He loved playing football to look after their family . All the relatives , uncles , aunts , grandparents , they all relied on them to look after them . ”
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News , Headlines and Opinions – The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LANSING , Mich. — A Michigan State University trustee has been charged with assault following a dispute over a referee 's calls during a girls ' basketball tournament .
Mitch Lyons , 47 , was coaching one of the teams when they allegedly pushed a referee after a December game at Grass Lake Middle School . Lyons faces a misdemeanour charge of assault and battery , the Lansing State Journal reported .
Lyons denies the allegations , said Brian Lennon , their attorney . Lennon said they hope the case will be dismissed .
“ We have identified numerous witnesses who refute the alleged victim 's account of the events , ” Lennon said .
The referee told police that they had to make a couple calls that caused one team to lose and then issued two technical fouls following a verbal dispute . The referee said that an unidentified coach confronted them after the game and twice pushed them in the chest with theirs hands .
Lyons either pushed the referee or was attempting to illustrate what one of their players was doing during the game , one witness told Michigan State Police . Another witness told police they were standing near the two men and did n't see Lyons push the referee .
A court hearing is set for Feb. 12 in Jackson County District Court .
Lyons played football from 1988 to 1992 at Michigan State . They spent seven years in the NFL with the Pittsburgh Steelers and Atlanta Falcons . Lyons has been a university trustee since 2011 and said does n't plan to seek another term when their current term expires at the end of the year .
Lyons last month was the only member of the Michigan State trustees to publicly call for university President Lou Anna Simon to step down before they resigned over the handling of the sex assault scandal involving former university sports doctor Larry Nassar .
——
Information from : Lansing State Journal , http : //www.lansingstatejournal.com
A 26 game home win streak snaps against Nebraska and a defensive breakdown to No . 6 Louisville leaves Indiana Basketball with four losses to conclude 2016 .
It has been an interesting week around the world of college basketball . No . 9 North Carolina loses to an unranked Georgia Tech , No . 5 Duke drops their second loss to unranked Virginia Tech , and No . 15 Purdue rounds out the week with a loss to unranked Minnesota .
Oh yeah , and No . 16 Indiana drops two straight against Nebraska and No . 6 Louisville . The Nebraska loss goes deeper than just an unranked loss , snapping a 26 game home winning streak with it . No . 6 Louisville dominated defensively ( as noted ) and Indiana turned the ball over . A lot .
Nebraska came into Assembly Hall and lit it up . Plain and simple . The Cornhuskers shot 48 % from the field , including 50 % from three . Glynn Watson Jr. had their second 25+ point game against a ranked opponent this season ( 27 points against No . 4 UCLA ) . Indiana had no answer for their shooters .
James Blackmon Jr. had one of their worst games all season . They shot 4-14 with one of their seasons lowest 3 point total ( 2-9 ) . The plague that is turning the ball over seems to follow every Tom Crean lead team . The Hoosiers turned the ball over 19 times and it translated to 21 points for Nebraska . To make matters worse , Juwan Morgan was injured on a flagrant foul from Nebraska 's Jordy Tshimanga .
The game in Indianapolis was n't much better . The Hoosiers who came into the game No . 9 in the country in points per game ( 88.4 ) put up a season low 62 points . The Louisville defense was suffocating the entire game . The team as a whole shot a season low 19 % from the three , including a 1-14 showing from junior guard Robert Johnson .
Crean said in the post game press conference ,
“ I do n't see us shooting that way , very often . Like hardly ever . We did n't make the extra pass and when we settled it was caused because of [ Louisville ] 's length ” – Tom Crean
The turnovers remain to be consistent problem for the Indiana Basketball team . In stretches of the game on Saturday , Indiana was ruining any possible chance for a run with costly turnovers from the guards . That type of play has been transparent throughout Indiana 's recent skid .
A tough road ahead for the Hoosiers…
Regardless of the weird week it was for college hoops , one thing is expected . Indiana 's schedule means no time to coast .
January 3rd – vs. No . 13 Wisconsin ( 12-2 )
January 7th – vs. Illinois ( 10-4 )
January 10th – at Maryland ( 13-2 )
By now we are able to fully assess where this team is at . They have been notched as the hit-or-miss team of 2016 . Indiana has proven to be able to beat some of the best teams in the country and follow it up with losses against sure win opponents . The more telling of the problems comes with the handling of the offense . A true point guard in which Indiana has longed for since the departure of Yogi Ferrell .
Josh Newkirk , transfer from Pittsburgh , has shown flashes of great play this season . Their ability to work for a shot and find the open man has been shown , but not consistently . The three starting guards in Josh Newkirk , James Blackmon Jr. , and Robert Johnson are combining for nearly 7 turnovers per game . A statistic that proves daunting for the Hoosiers .
It will only be a matter of time before some of the younger players on this Indiana team start to be given more of an opportunity . Freshman guard Curtis Jones has been a bright spot off the bench at times this season but struggled with the rest of the guards over the past five games . A true consistent facilitator , like Yogi Ferrell , is exactly what Indiana is lacking .
Indiana struggles with defending teams the best perimeter shooters has been a serious problem . Kansas ' Frank Mason III had a season high 30 points against Indiana . Butler 's Kelan Martin had 28 points , Glynn Watson of Nebraska dropped 26 points , and Donovan Mitchell had 25 points for Louisville off the bench .
A win against No . 13 Wisconsin at home Tuesday night will serve as a major confidence boost to this team . The Hoosiers will need to find a way to shut down perimeter players such as Bronson Koenig ( 14.1 ppg ) and Ethan Happ ( 12.6 ppg ) . Thomas Bryant and Co. in the front court will have their hands full with NBA prospect Nigel Hayes ( 14.0 ppg ) .
All things considered , Indiana clings to a No . 25 ranking in the AP Top 25 this week . The lack of true strength in the non-conference schedule outside Kansas , North Carolina , and Louisville is starting to show its true colors . Indiana ranks No . 304 in strength of schedule this season , far below the expectations of a once Top 5 thought team . If Indiana wants to get back to the top of the Big Ten Conference they will need a clear streak of W 's entering 2017 .
More from Hoosier State of Mind
This article originally appeared on
You would n't expect a 73-year-old to be on the crime beat , but Maximino Rodriguez Palacios could n't help himself , says Cuauhtemoc Morgan , editor of the Baja California news blog Colectivo Pericu .
`` It was totally by chance , '' they tell NPR . `` In November 2014 , Max called me about a shooting near their home in La Paz . And then they sent me a story and photos about what happened . From that moment , they were our crime reporter . ''
Rodriguez 's passion to cover crime led to their death . Gunned down Friday as they pulled up in front of a supermarket , they became the fourth journalist murdered in Mexico in just six weeks . The country continues to be one of the deadliest places in the world to report the news .
For decades , Rodriguez had worked in journalism and in public relations for the state government . They came out of retirement to take up the crime beat for Colectivo Pericu , and in the following years their work became increasingly important . Their home state , Baja California Sur , has become one of Mexico 's most violent in recent months as drug cartels fought over the territory . In January 2017 the state recorded its most murders ever in a single month .
Through this , Rodriguez built up a following . A Facebook Live video from April 5 got more than 15,000 views . In it , they run up to the police tape around a crime scene and , winded , tells their audience that the subject is dead . The victim would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer .
Several police officers had been murdered in recent months , and Rodriguez chased the story . In the last column they wrote for Colectivo Pericu , they cited anonymous sources to identify the leader of a local cartel as the mastermind . But this turned deadly .
`` Our comments sections [ on the blog ] are open , so it has become routine for us to receive threats there , '' says Morgan .
Rodriguez 's final column had five comments on it . Four were threats . Among expletives , one comment ominously reads , `` You 're lighting the candles for your own funeral , Max . ''
Three days later , Rodriguez was dead . Their bullet-riddled car was the exact kind of crime scene they would have run to cover , camera phone in hand .
On Sunday night , the state attorney general 's office said that ballistics tests showed that the firearm used against Rodriguez was the same one used in the killing of the police officer that Rodriguez had covered a week earlier . The investigation points toward Rodriguez being targeted for their work .
Since President Enrique Peña Nieto was elected in 2012 , 31 journalists have been murdered in Mexico . Dozens more have been threatened or attacked . Reporters under threat have become hardened to this reality .
`` When I hear of another murder , I just think 'who 's next ? ' `` says Noe Zavaleta , a reporter in Veracruz state . `` It sounds crude to say , but it 's the way I have to think about it now . ''
Zavaleta knows the danger of reporting well , as 20 journalists have been murdered in their home state since 2010 . They began writing for the investigative magazine Proceso after their predecessor , Regina Martinez , was strangled to death in their home . One of their best friends and colleagues , photojournalist Ruben Espinoza , was murdered in Mexico City after seeking refuge there . But Zavaleta is back in Veracruz after briefly fleeing to Mexico City for their safety .
`` Things have n't changed — if anything , it 's gotten worse , '' they say . `` But this is what I know how to do , and I refuse to leave because of intimidation . Maybe it 's pride or my ego , but I wo n't leave . ''
The Mexican government recently has beefed up protection measures for journalists , as well as a specialized unit that investigates these types of crimes . But journalists do n't just need protection from organized crime .
`` [ These protections ] feel imaginary , because I have filed complaints about threats I have received from government authorities and their cronies , '' says Zavaleta . `` I do n't expect them to go anywhere , but I file them anyway so that other journalists can document what has happened to me . ''
The systems to protect reporters are n't working in practice , says Carlos Lauria , the Americas director for the Committee to Protect Journalists .
`` Unfortunately , these bodies and mechanisms have clearly been insufficient to fight the violence and solve crimes against the press , '' says Lauria . `` Impunity is still pervasive . Even in the cases where progress has been made , masterminds are still free and justice is losing . ''
By CPJ 's estimate , 87 percent of the murders committed against journalists in Mexico since 1990 either have not been investigated or have no arrests .
But the journalists themselves are n't the only victims of press violence , says Lauria : With many reporters too scared to cover news that could anger criminals or corrupt politicians , the public often does n't get to see the most important stories .
In Baja California Sur , it 's unclear if reporters will be silenced by Max 's death . Cuauhtemoc Morgan says he 's talked to some journalists who want to get off the crime beat after the murder . But not everyone will stay quiet .
`` My wife [ the co-editor of Colectivo Pericu ] and I are reflecting on what to do , '' they say . `` But right now , we do n't plan to stop reporting on this type of news . ''
On Monday , Colectivo Pericu kept publishing , like it was just another day .
Copyright 2017 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
ROBERT SIEGEL , HOST :
In the last six weeks , four reporters have been murdered in Mexico . The latest victim was Maximino Rodriguez . They were gunned down in their car on Friday afternoon in La Paz , near the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula . As James Fredrick reports , Mexico continues to be one of the world 's deadliest places to report the news .
JAMES FREDRICK , BYLINE : At 73 years old , Max Rodriguez was n't the kind of person you 'd expect to be on the police beat . But they could n't help himself , says Cuauhtemoc Morgan , the co-founder of Colectivo Pericu , the blog where Max worked . I catch them on their cell as he 's driving to a memorial for Max .
CUAUHTEMOC MORGAN : ( Speaking Spanish ) .
FREDRICK : `` It was totally by chance , '' they said . `` In November 2014 , Max called me about a shooting near their home in La Paz . And then they sent me a story and photos about what happened . From that moment , they were our crime reporter . '' After decades as a reporter and government spokesperson , Max Rodriguez came out of retirement to cover crime . They did n't know at the time how important the work would become .
Murders have recently spiked in their state as a feud broke out between drug cartels . January of this year set a record for the most murders there ever . A week before their death , Max posted this Facebook Live video which got 15,000 views .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
MAXIMINO RODRIGUEZ : ( Speaking Spanish ) .
FREDRICK : He 's running up to a crime scene outside a local prison . A man had been shot and would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer . But this type of reporting put Max at risk for exposing crimes and sometimes the criminals behind them .
MORGAN : ( Speaking Spanish ) .
FREDRICK : `` Our outlet promotes freedom of expression , '' says Morgan . `` Our comments sections are open , so it 's become routine for us to receive threats there . '' Last week , Max wrote about a string of murdered police officers and named the head of a local gang as the mastermind . There are five comments on the story . One ominously reads you 're lighting the candles for your own funeral , Max .
Three days later , Rodriguez were shot to death as they pulled up in front of a supermarket . It was the exact kind of crime they would have run to cover , camera phone in hand .
On Sunday night , the state government said that the same weapon was used in the murder of Max and the police officer Max had reported on the week before , meaning they were likely targeted for their work . Max 's death on Friday is the latest in a long list of murdered reporters throughout Mexico . Three others were murdered in March alone .
NOE ZAVALETA : ( Speaking Spanish ) .
FREDRICK : Noe Zavaleta knows the risks journalists face as well as anyone . Their predecessor at investigative magazine Proceso was strangled to death in their home . And a photojournalist they often worked with was killed after fleeing to Mexico City .
ZAVALETA : ( Speaking Spanish ) .
FREDRICK : `` We journalists face real threats , '' says Zavaleta . `` Organized crime , that 's obvious . Another is the state that tries to oppress our voices . And the third are corrupt media outlets that work with the first two to try to smear journalists who become victims . '' Murdered journalists have become so common as to harden Zavaleta 's reaction to another death .
ZAVALETA : ( Speaking Spanish ) .
FREDRICK : `` When I hear of another murder , I just think who 's next ? It sounds crude to say but it 's the way I have to think about it now . '' Now with this climate of fear and intimidation all over Mexico , the most important stories often ca n't be covered . Cuahtemoc Morgan says some of the reporters in their state want to get off the crime beat after Max 's murder .
MORGAN : ( Speaking Spanish ) .
FREDRICK : `` My wife and I are reflecting on what to do , '' they say , `` but right now , we do n't plan to stop reporting this type of news . '' For NPR News , I 'm James Fredrick in Mexico City .
( SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC ) Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .
Watch Oakland Raiders ' rookie Connor Cook throw their first career NFL touchdown pass to Amari Cooper .
Connor Cook was one of the best quarterbacks to ever don the green and white and they finished atop the record books in terms of passing yards , wins and touchdowns . They were truly an all-time great Spartan and somehow fell to the fourth round of last year 's NFL draft .
Must Read : MSU Football : End of season report card for 2016
After a successful Michigan State career , Cook was knocked for ‘ personality issues ' and the fact that they are n't a captain as a senior . Two years ago yesterday , they were leading the Spartans back from a 20-point deficit to beat Baylor in the Cotton Bowl . Fast forward two years and they tossed their first career touchdown pass after Matt McGloin went down with an injury .
Watch as they throw their first career NFL touchdown pass in the third quarter of a 24-0 Denver blowout .
As you can see , Cook stayed calm in the pocket , went through their progressions and found Amari Cooper at about the 10-yard-line and they did the rest . They tossed a perfect spiral to the all-pro receiver and that gave the rookie quarterback some extra confidence .
There is a reason why Cook was widely considered the top quarterback in Michigan State history and it was because of that calm demeanor they exhibited in their first live NFL action . They waited 17 weeks to see the field or even be activated and they acted like he 's been doing this all year .
Cook finished the game 14-of-21 with 150 yards , a touchdown and an interception . They clearly have a grasp for the pace of NFL play and he 's giving the Raiders the best chance to win .
The feeling around Oakland this morning after the loss to Denver is that Cook should be the starter for the Raiders ' first-round playoff game against the Texans . Not bad for the No . 100 overall pick in the 2016 NFL Draft .
More from Spartan Avenue
This article originally appeared on
GREENVILLE , N.C. — Shawn Williams knocked down six 3-pointers , made 8 of 9 free throws to score a career-high 30 points as East Carolina — the nation 's worst 3-point-shooting team — went off from deep to defeat Memphis 88-85 in overtime on Saturday .
East Carolina ( 9-13 , 3-8 American ) trailed 80-78 early in overtime when Williams nailed consecutive 3-pointers in the span of 43 seconds . The Pirates made 11 of 24 from distance , or 46 per cent . ECU was 351st , dead last , among NCAA teams in 3-point shooting this season , making 27 per cent ( 108 of 396 ) from distance before Saturday .
Isaac Fleming recorded the first triple-double in program history for ECU with 11 points , 10 rebounds and 11 assists . Kentrell Barkley scored 19 points with 13 rebounds and B.J . Tyson added 14 points .
ECU never trailed after Williams ' back-to-back 3s , but Memphis ( 14-9 , 5-5 ) twice came within a point .
Jeremiah Martin poked the ball away from Williams and raced for a fast-break layup , cutting the gap to 86-85 with 18 seconds left , but Williams was fouled and made both with 15.2 seconds to go .
Jamal Johnson missed a 3 that went out of bounds off ECU , and Martin got off a contested 3-pointer that hit the back of the rim and Fleming wrapped up the game-ending rebound .
Martin scored all eight of Memphis ' points in OT and finished with a career-high 33 . Kyvon Davenport added 16 with 10 rebounds and Mike Parks , Jr. scored 13 with 11 boards .
Davenport lifted Memphis into a 77-77 tie and Parks blocked ECU 's last shot , forcing overtime .
Jordan Henderson has told Liverpool not to follow in Barcelona 's footsteps and allow Roma to complete a second-leg comeback in their Champions League tie .
Jurgen Klopp 's side looked to be cruising into the semi-finals after racing into a 5-0 lead at Anfield inside 68 minutes , with Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino netting twice and Sadio Mane also on the scoresheet .
But Roma gave themselves hope ahead of the return fixture , with Edin Dzeko 's strike and a Diego Perotti penalty - both of which came in the final nine minutes - ensuring the match ended at 5-2 .
The result means Eusebio Di Francesco 's side will reach the final if they can repeat the performance against Barça in the quarter-final second leg , when they overturned a 4-1 first-leg loss with a 3-0 victory in the return .
And Henderson , despite their confidence in Liverpool 's attack , admits they must learn from the Catalans ' mistakes if they are to avoid a similar fate .
`` I felt as though we were in full control and we basically gave them two goals , '' they told BT Sport . `` You ca n't really do it in the Champions League .
`` At the same time , we 've played well , we 've won the game and we 'll go there with a three-goal advantage , but it 'll be difficult . As you 've seen in the last round , they came back against Barcelona , who are one of the best teams in the world .
`` It 'll be a really tough challenge for us but we 've got to be confident after the performance .
`` I felt we were still in control of the game , maybe we did n't play football as much in the last 20 minutes . I feel we gave them the Dzeko goal , which put up a few nerves , maybe , I do n't know why .
`` The penalty I thought was harsh , I thought their [ James Milner 's ] arms were by their side , but we 've got to stay confident . It was a good performance for 70 minutes .
`` Some of the runs and some of the balls in behind were brilliant . We were disappointed not to score more , to be honest . But we 've got to be positive . We knew it would n't be easy and it wo n't be easy over there , it 'll be really tough , as Barcelona found .
`` We 'll need to be at our best but I 'd fancy us to go there and score , with the forward players we 've got . It 'll be a challenge but one we 've got to look forward to . ''
Will Tom Harry get the better of Sam ? And will Demelza fall back under Hugh 's spell ?
The residents of Ross Poldark ‘ s Cornwall is no strangers to fisticuffs so they probably wo n't bat an eyelid when another major scuffle in the Poldark/Warleggan war erupts in season four episode two .
Advertisement
George 's brutish right-hand man , Tom Harry , has already very nearly beaten the life out of Drake Carne and this week they turn their attention to Demelza 's other brother Sam at the Sawle Feast . And when the apple of Sam 's eye , Emma Tregirls , gets involved in their little proxy war things , get a lot more interesting .
Meanwhile , Ross and Demelza are trying to get their marriage back on track but with Hugh Armitage looking less and less likely to leave Cornwall any time soon , and Lord Falmouth eyeing Ross up for a role far away from home , could their best-laid plans go up in smoke already ?
Let 's have a sneak peek…
Advertisement
Poldark continues on BBC1 on Sunday nights at 10pm
COLUMBIA , Mo . ( AP ) — The University of Missouri is naming a new residence hall after a late journalist who was repeatedly denied admission to the school starting in the 1930s because they were Black .
The Board of Curators unanimously voted Thursday to honor Lucile Bluford by bestowing their name on the 279-student dorm at the Columbia campus . The board also voted to name the hall 's atrium after Gus Ridgel , the university 's first Black graduate .
Bluford was denied admission to the university 's journalism school 11 times . Five decades after their first application , the university granted them an honorary doctorate degree in humanities in 1989 .
Bluford spent decades working at the Kansas City Call newspaper before their death in 2003 .
Ridgel received a master 's degree in economics from the school in 1951 . The 91-year-old taught , researched and worked as an administrator at the university level . They say the board 's decision is “ humbling . ”
Facebook 's big conference for the year is right around the corner , and while it seems like the hype has been a little subdued this time around , we 're expecting some pretty big announcements to come from the show .
F8 will start on Tuesday , April 18 with a keynote presentation at 10 a.m. PT , however different sessions will follow throughout the day . Another keynote will take place the next day at the same time , with more sessions to follow — so there 's plenty to be announced , even if it is largely developer-focused .
How to watch
How can you keep up with all these big announcements yourself ? Thankfully , Facebook is live-streaming the majority of its sessions , including the big keynotes . As mentioned , the conference itself will start on Tuesday April 18 at 10 a.m. PT , and will run a full two days .
To watch the keynote and the sessions , you will have to register on the Facebook F8 website , but when you do you 'll be able to live-stream the event , and watch sessions on-demand . You can also join the “ F8 Online Experience ” Facebook event page for updates on F8 , as well as live-streamed video and more information .
The event is hosted by the Facebook for Developers page .
What to expect
The announcements will cover a variety of Facebook products and services , from the Facebook app and Messenger , to the company 's other interests — like virtual reality . While not too much has been announced about the show so far , here 's everything we expect to see .
Group bots
Chat bots were a big focus at F8 2016 , and it looks like that might shape up to be the case again this year . This time around , however , Facebook might expand its bots platform to groups — that 's to say , instead of bots only being able to help individuals , they could help groups keep up to date with news , sports games progress , e-commerce , and more .
The news , reported by TechCrunch , is n't surprising . Facebook mentioned it would be expanding bots to work in group chats a while ago , and since then we have n't seen that actually happen .
An offline version of Instagram
This one could be pretty helpful for Instagram users with spotty internet connections . A session called “ Building Offline Experiences for Instagram ” has been posted on the Facebook F8 schedule , suggesting that the platform will get at least some more offline features . It would make sense — Facebook has had quite a lot of success with Messenger Lite and Facebook Lite , which currently sits at 200 million users .
The Camera Effects Platform
Another session on the F8 schedule is called “ Introduction to the Camera Effects Platform , ” and it could signal a way for developers to submit their own filters and photo frames . The idea here is simple — Facebook 's team is excellent at building great frames and filters , but they ca n't make everything . If more developers make filters and frames , the company could potentially outdo Snapchat .
A virtual reality headset
Virtual reality is seriously gaining steam , and Facebook is a major player in that happening . The company launched a 360-degree camera at F8 last year , and now recent rumors from Variety suggest Facebook could also launch its own VR headset — or at least the specifications for a VR headset that other companies could go on to use .
We 'll be on the ground in San Jose at F8 , so follow our site for continuing coverage and updates . You can follow us on Twitter at @ DigitalTrends . We 'll keep this page updated with all the F8-related info as we hear it , so stay tuned .
With NFL season in full swing , fans should be packing into sports bars on Sundays — so why are so many streaming the game at home instead ?
Recent research from Foursquare found that in 2016 , Sunday sports bar foot traffic dropped by 12 percent in cities with NFL teams ; cities without their own teams saw a 13 percent drop . Furthermore , there was a 10 percent decline in people who went to a sports bar more than three times during the 17-week season , while only 40 percent of fans who had been to sports bars more than six times during the 2015 season repeated this behavior in 2016 .
Fans at a Boston bar react while watching the first half of the Super Bowl in 2017 . Michael Dwyer / AP file
A Surge in Online Viewing
Certainly 2016 was a unique year as an historic presidential election played out on television sets across the U.S ; but Foursquare 's data points to another , more sustaining trend : people just are n't watching TV like they used to . The digital age has paved the way for streaming and subscription services and , in some cases , piracy ( Irdeto , a digital platform security company identified 239 illegal streams of the recent Mayweather vs. Mcgregor fight and were watched by nearly 3 million people ) .
`` The number of online viewers [ watching sports ] is definitely increasing and supported by public data , however that is also because more online subscriptions are being offered , '' said Symon Perriman , president and founder of FanWide . `` Media rights holders are realizing it is better to monetize from that distribution channel than fight it and deal with piracy . ''
These Pretzels Are Making Me Thirsty ... And Broke
Mike Clancy , a 31-year-old fitness trainer says they used to do the `` sports bar Sunday ritual , '' but that after a while it got old — and pricey .
`` The food is usually subpar and the cost for the weekly bar ritual can yield a strain on finances , '' said Clancy , adding that they bought the DirectTV NFL Sunday Ticket last year and spent the 2016 season watching at home with friends .
`` There were definitely differences , some better and some worse — like having homemade foods with much more flavor and quantity but not having as much opportunity to sit and be waited on like at a sports bar . [ And ] there 's something to be said for walking into an establishment that is decorated with your favorite team and being around hundreds of fans vested into every play of the game . ''
But ultimately , the pros of watching at home beat out the cons . Clancy says they will keep it up unless they find a place that has `` exceptional quality food at reasonable prices . ''
While some fans relish the social aspect of watching in bars , others prefer the solitary comforts that streaming provides .
Ryan Joe , a 35-year-old die-hard 49ers fan originally from the Bay Area , used to go to sports bars to catch the game mostly because it was hard to find San Francisco games aired in NYC .
`` The only way I could catch a game was by going to a sports bar , '' said Joe . `` But I stopped going out to watch football , because now it 's much easier for me to find a live stream of an NFL game online than it was just a few years ago . ''
Joe also likes the ability to tune into their smartphone and/or laptop during a game .
`` Typically what I do is check the Twitter feeds and refresh NFL.com , which tracks the play-by-play . ''
Women Have to Block Rude Men
In recent years , the NFL has woken up to the fact that it needs to market more towards women — which constitute nearly half its fan base — but sports bars may have some catching up to do in this department .
`` Often the bars are crowded with drunken men , yelling over games , and some who are rude or get physical with female fans , '' said Kryss Shane , a 34-year-old OSU Buckeyes fan based in Los Angeles who has largely given up on the sports bar scene . `` No one wants to pay to go somewhere where they can only hear drunken cursing at the TV or where they have to consider what they wear based on whether a drunk jerk may try to grope them . ''
Helena Wilcox , a 22-year old recent college graduate living in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , finds that sports bars have `` the reputation of being boys clubs — and that keeps women at an arm 's distance . ''
They also note that these bars tend to be too expensive to stay in for an entire game .
`` I 'll go to a bar to watch the first half and spend some time with friends but usually by the second half , I 'm ready to go home and watch from the comfort of my own couch , '' said Wilcox . `` It comes down to the fact that it 's expensive to sit around in the bar for two to three hours ( sometimes almost four , if it 's a college game ) and as a recent grad I do n't have the money to drop on rounds of drinks or food , and it 's definitely not something I can afford to do every weekend . ''
That women may not feel welcome in sports bars is an issue that Bob Weimar , owner and manager of Hattrick 's Sports Bar & Grill in Hatfield , Pennsylvania wants to change . He 'd like to feature women-only drink or food specials ( a kind of NFL ladies ' night if you will ) , but the state of Pennsylvania forbids it .
`` It 's illegal in the state of Pennsylvania to offer something to women that you do n't also offer to men , '' Weimar told NBC News . `` I could get fined for doing a ladies ' night , or a happy hour special just for women . Some bars do it even though it 's illegal , but I used to be a president of the Bucks and Montgomery County Tavern Association , so I know the laws and I stick to them . ''
Sports Bars Tackled by High Costs
Weimar has noticed a general decline in patrons for NFL games over the past few years , and it 's a pain point that is becoming more acutely felt as the costs on their end continue to rise .
`` The cable market is killing us , '' said Weimar . `` The DirectTV NFL Sunday Ticket is very expensive for bars to buy . It depends on how many seats you have , but for us it would be something like $ 2800 for the season , which is outrageous . ''
Another outrageous cost : poultry , aka , Buffalo wings , a staple food in the typical football watcher 's diet . Costs of meat have risen , and to absorb them , bars may be forced to pass some of the costs on to consumers , or give consumers smaller servings than they got seasons past .
`` Seven years ago wing prices were about $ 64 a case , and they would go up during football season and then go back down — but this year they never went down , '' said Weimar . `` Now it 's about $ 96 to $ 98 for a box of wings , so we had to start cutting down . We were going through six cases a week , but now we only order one . ''
Hattrick 's still offers wing specials and other deals during NFL games , but Weimar suggests that patrons desire deeper discounts — especially the younger patrons , many of whom are still living at home .
“ Younger people are living with their parents longer , and many of them are still in school or going back to school , ” said Weimar . “ They do n't have the money to spend , and if they do , they 're not going to blow it in a bar on Sunday . ”
Weimar is hopeful that 2017 will be an improvement on 2016 , adding that he 's considering investing in the DirectTV NFL Sunday Ticket . also , the bar will also be extending its van service ( open to anyone but aimed at preventing DUIs ) , to include Sundays . They used to charge $ 5 per passenger “ just to cover the cost of gas , ” but nobody wanted to pay , so now it 's free .
A THOUSAND OAKS , Calif. — The Los Angeles Rams have re-signed defensive end Dominique Easley after an injury kept them out last season .
The Rams announced the one-year deal with the veteran Monday .
Easley tore a ligament in their right knee early in Rams training camp last August , sidelining them for the season . The University of Florida product also tore ligaments in both knees during college .
Their first two NFL seasons with New England ended early due to injury after the Patriots chose them in the first round . But they were healthy during the 2016 season with the Rams , making 3 1/2 sacks and likely earning a spot as a starter last year before their injury .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
The Trump administration had sought to phase out the program starting last month , but two previous federal rulings stalled its efforts . Neither of those rulings — by judges in New York and San Francisco — ordered the government to resume accepting new applications for protection under DACA , making Bates ' ruling the strongest one so far .
`` Each day that the agency delays is a day that aliens who might otherwise be eligible for initial grants of DACA benefits are exposed to removal because of an unlawful agency action , '' Bates wrote .
In February , the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear the administration 's appeal of the San Francisco ruling .
The American Civil Liberties , one of the plaintiffs in the two cases that Bates reviewed , called the ruling `` a huge blow to the Trump administration 's bottom line . ''
`` DACA is constitutional , deal with it , '' the ACLU said .
California Attorney General Xavier Becerra , who launched one of the first legal actions against the administration 's decision last year , also welcomed the ruling , calling it on Twitter a victory for Dreamers and `` for everyone who has boldly fought in court . ''
This is a developing story . Refresh this page for updates .
People in the area waited anxiously to see what everyone 's favorite local groundhog 's prediction was on Friday for Groundhog 's day 2018 .
Huckytoo emerged from their hutch and saw their shadow , so you know that means ; six more weeks of winter .
But Hucky was n't the only one with that prediction . Many who were celebrating Groundhog 's day at Holland Huckleberry Farm said because of the constant snow and `` bad '' weather , they did n't have a shadow of a doubt that winter was n't going away .
The Holland Huckleberry Farm has been celebrating Groundhog Day for 18 years and while it 's all fun tradition , they hold a raffle for a painting of Hucky to benefit the Dixon Center .
It 's an organization that helps veterans with any needs they may have from wellness , to education , even jobs .
This year they raised more than $ 1,200 .
And as for Hucky , we 're all going to have to wait to see if their prediction is correct .
But in the meantime , it 's advised to listen to the First Alert Meteorologist team to find out when the springlike temperatures will be headed our way .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
RICHMOND , Va. — A federal appeals court has scheduled arguments for Dec. 5 in the case of a former Russian military officer sentenced to life in prison for leading a 2009 Taliban attack on U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
Lawyers for Irek Hamidullin have argued that they should n't have faced trial because they are a lawful combatant . Prosecutors , however , say fighters aligned with the Taliban do n't qualify for lawful-combatant status .
The 4th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments in December 2016 . But in August , the court said it wanted to hear additional arguments after one of the judges announced they were stepping down to serve as Baltimore 's city solicitor .
Tampa Bay Fishing Report March 2018
What a great winter to be in Florida , the rest of the country has been freezing when here , with the exception of a few weeks , we 're in shorts , flops and T-Shirts catching fish .
Fishing around Tampa Bay has been decent for the winter months with plenty of nice catches including redfish , snook and trout as well as some very large ladyfish and yellow tail jacks . If you 've never targeted big jack cravelle you 're missing some great light tackle fun . The power of these huge fighters is amazing and guaranteed to make you say uncle .
Fishing the area this winter has been fairly pleasant , but we can expect a few windy days . Bait was on the flats until a few weeks ago and should be showing up again in the near future . March is always a good time to try your hand at artificial lures .
Anglers who have never experienced the thrill of targeting snook , redfish and trout on artificial lures do n't know what they 're missing . It 's fun , exciting and helps you develop a skill that is never lost . Die-hard artificial anglers will tell you that anyone can catch fish with live bait , but plastic is a different test .
Once you 're hooked you 'll love it , it 's fishing at its best . If you 're not sure about artificials it gives you something different to attempt . I 've said many times , “ always leave the live bait at the bait shop ; if you bring a crutch you 'll use it ” .
If live bait is your choice , shrimp fished on a free-line or under a popping cork usually entices a bite . If you 're using lures , snook ca n't resist a MirrOlure topwater over a broken bottom flat on a calm morning . Sub-surface sinking or suspending lures work exceptionally well in deeper water , and of course soft plastics using at least an eighth of an ounce jighead always seem to produce good action during the early spring .
Redfish continue eating live and cut bait tossed in their direction , especially the rats . Grass flats with broken bottoms , submerged oyster bars and mangrove shorelines are good starting points . Like snook , artificials work for redfish . Cut baits , small pinfish and dead-sticking stinky baits usually attract the attention of most passing redfish . Try suspending stinky baits , cut chunks of pinfish or mullet or a piece of crab under a popper , you 'll be surprised at the results .
Spotted sea trout are found around deeper water broken bottom grass flats , especially on strong tides . They eat shrimp , greenbacks and pinfish . A popping cork proves deadly when rigged with shrimp , either live or artificial . Another option is bouncing a soft plastic jig off the bottom . Remember , the bite usually comes as the bait falls so do n't be surprised to have a fish on just as the lure hits the water .
There is a good chance to see cobia on the back of large rays and manatees , or just cruising around markers and cans . Large shrimp , pinfish , or greenbacks , normally do the trick , but a large artificial eel rigged on a jighead also works .
Sheepshead are everywhere right through March . Tough , toothy , boney mouths necessitate aggressive hook sets . Try fishing for these great fighters around markers , bridge fenders , docks , seawalls , rock piles , oyster bars or practically any type structure . Shrimp and fiddler crabs always produce , but green mussels and oysters also work . I like shrimp and fiddlers when I can get them .
Give Me a Call & Let 's Go Fishing – 813-477-3814 The area 's top outdoor fishing guide , Captain Woody Gore has guided and fished the Tampa , St. Petersburg , Clearwater , Tarpon Springs , Bradenton and Sarasota areas for over fifty years ; their charters offer world class fishing adventures and a lifetime of memories .
Single or Multi-boat Group Charters are all the same . With years of organizational experience and access to the areas most experienced professional guides and captains , I can arrange and coordinate any outing or tournament . Just tell me what you need and it 's done . For more information please visit my website at : www.captainwoodygore.com , or email me at fishing @ captainwoodygore.com or give them a call at 813-477-3814 .
If you 're a business owner or manager , holiday marketing is something that you probably should have thought of months ago . Marketing plans should technically be in place 6-12 months in advance . This allows for planning , budgeting , and the ability to add a new idea or event without panicking .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How retailers can prep for holiday shoppers 4:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The reality though is that a lot of businesses only develop their marketing plans few weeks in advance . So with Q4 looming , here are a few tricks to boost your holiday marketing efforts .
Form a Marketing Partnership
The old adage “ team work makes the dream work ” rings true even with marketing . Find another business to collaborate with for an event or joint marketing effort .
Pick a business with a bigger social media presence or email mailing list than you , so that you can leverage the business 's broader reach .
Then offer a complete marketing plan and offer to do most of the heavy lifting like event descriptions , clean up , and hosting to make it easy for them to say yes .
Capture Your Customer 's Dollar Early
Get customers through your doors before the holiday craze begins , and incentivize them to purchase early .
Offer discounts , deals , preview nights , VIP customer access and more as a way to bring them into your business . Invite customers onto your site with a value proposition that is meaningful for them . For example , if you 're a bakery , host a free class on how to decorate cookies . If you 're a brewery , maybe it 's a beer tasting .
Once customers are through your doors find ways to get them to spend money right away or soon after the event . Use the time that you have with them to promote whatever holiday specials , products or services you offer . Do n't wait for the customer to get into the holiday mood . It 's your job to get them there .
Get Your Staff Involved
Your staff should have a specific daily sales goal for Q4 . If you 're a retailer , try to add on one item to every sale they ring up . If you 're a restaurant , make it a goal to have every table order at least 1 dessert . If you 're a gym , try to get every member to buy a one-month package for their loved one .
Keep the goal simple and specific . Make sure your staff knows what the goal is and give tips on how to execute .
Management can even make it into a game by giving prizes to the staff member or members who perform the best by the end of the day , week , or month .
Lindsay Anvik is a business coach and international keynote speaker . Them seminars and consulting have been praised by major museums , Fortune 500 companies , and small mom and pop business owners . Them company , See Endless , consults with businesses by playing the role of both coach and cheerleader .
MIAMI — Adam Gase has yet to overtake the New England Patriots because they have yet to beat them .
Or even come close .
The Miami Dolphins ' second-year coach is 0-3 against the Patriots and faces them again Monday night . Gase has trailed 24-3 , 20-7 and 21-10 at halftime against New England , including two weeks ago when the Patriots won 35-17 .
And so the yawning gap persists between New England ( 10-2 ) and the rest of the AFC East . A victory will give the Patriots their ninth consecutive division title with three weeks of the regular season still to go .
The Dolphins ( 5-7 ) will likely sit out the playoffs for the 14th time in the past 16 years .
The divide with New England is such that Miami is an 11-point underdog at home , even though the Patriots will be without tight end Rob Gronkowski , who is serving a one-game suspension for a late hit to the head of Buffalo Bills defensive back Tre'Davious White .
The Dolphins hired Gase with the goal of passing the Patriots , and they gained ground in the standings as a rookie coach last season , when Miami won 10 games and reached the playoffs as a wild-card team .
But the Dolphins regressed this season , and were knocked out of post-season contention with a winless November that included their ninth consecutive defeat in Foxborough .
Gase is the Dolphins ' eighth coach since New England hired Bill Belichick in 2000 . Now Gase is in danger of becoming the first Miami coach to lose their first four meetings with the Patriots .
In three games against New England , Gase 's Dolphins have been outscored 101-55 .
“ We 've started slow in all three games , ” Gase said . “ It 's really hard to challenge them the way you need to challenge them if you 're down 21 , 14 , 20 before you even get going . They 're a hard enough team to play when it 's close . ”
While the Patriots are coasting to another division title , no team is better at avoiding a letup , and Belichick predicted the rematch with Miami will play out differently than the first meeting .
“ It 's not a continuation of last week 's game , ” Belichick said . “ It 's starting all over again , and that 's what we have to be ready to do . ”
Motivation wo n't be an issue , Patriots cornerback Devin McCourty said .
“ It 's going to be chippy , ” they said . “ You get into December , no one wants to lose anymore . Everyone wants to win games and build and get better . ”
The Patriots easily beat Miami last month despite not playing very well . A botched snap gave the Dolphins a touchdown , and Tom Brady threw a rare interception .
But a 14-0 deficit after 10 minutes doomed the Dolphins , and their habit of starting slowly will be tough to break . They 've been outscored 158-76 in the first half , and last week 's win against Denver was the first time all season the Dolphins led to start the fourth quarter .
Even if the Dolphins play better early , they 'll need to hold onto the ball . They 've committed nine turnovers in their past three games against New England .
“ You ca n't give them free possessions , and you 've got to make every one count , ” Gase said . “ You ca n't turn the ball over and give a guy like Tom Brady an extra possession . ”
While Gase is virtually assured of returning for a third season with Miami , there could be a significant shakeup among their assistants if the Dolphins do n't finish well .
Gase 's record is only 15-14 , but he 's 9-4 at home . And Brady has played some of their worst games in Miami , where the Patriots lost three seasons in a row through 2015 .
“ We 're in a northern environment ; they 're in a southern environment , ” Brady said . “ I think it 's hard for them to come up here ; I think it 's challenging for us to go down there . And that 's just the way it has always been . ”
——
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–NFL
——
Follow Steven Wine on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/Steve–Wine .
By JAMIE STENGLE
Associated Press
DALLAS ( AP ) - Texas Gov . Greg Abbott on Wednesday called for schools to have more armed personnel and said they should put greater focus on spotting student mental health problems but they proposed only a few small restrictions on guns following a shooting at a high school near Houston that left 10 people dead .
The Republican and staunch gun-rights supporter released a 43-page report following three days of mostly closed-door meetings last week organized with school district officials , shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate , among others .
The recommendations are voluntary and some would require changes to state laws that would need approval from the Legislature , which does n't come back into session until 2019 . School districts wishing to make some of the changes could begin doing so , such as sending staff for free gun training this summer .
The lack of major gun control measures is not surprising in a state that embraces its gun-friendly reputation and has more than 1.2 million people licensed to carry handguns .
The only significant gun-related proposal was a possible `` red flag '' law , although Abbott gave it a tepid endorsement , asking leaders of the Legislature to `` consider the merits . '' Eight states have red flag laws that allow family , law enforcement and others to file a petition to remove firearms from a potentially dangerous person . Florida , Vermont and Maryland passed such laws after the mass school shooting in Florida in February .
Abbott 's report does not appear to depart much from the playbook of the powerful National Rifle Association following school shootings .
Alice Tripp , legislative director for the NRA-affiliated Texas State Rifle Association said Abbott 's proposals would n't lead to weapons being seized without some protections for gun owners . `` Gov . Abbott has pledged due process . He 's a gun owner himself , '' Tripp said .
Abbott is proposing a change to the state law that says guns ca n't be accessible to children under 17 , with exceptions such as hunting or parent supervision . He 's encouraging the Legislature to consider making the law also apply to 17-year-olds . Authorities have charged a 17-year-old student , Dimitrios Pagourtzis , with capital murder in the May 18 attack at Santa Fe High School . Pagourtzis is accused of using a shotgun and .38 revolver that belonged to their father .
Abbott also wants a new law that would require gun owners to report a lost or stolen firearm within 10 days .
The report says the state will have access to nearly $ 70 million through federal funding and state grants for the proposals . The state also expects to compete for an additional $ 40 million from federal programs , and Abbott says he 'll ask state lawmakers for a further $ 30 million .
`` We all share a common bond : And that is we want action to prevent another shooting like what happened at Santa Fe High School , '' Abbott , who is campaigning for re-election , said during a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters .
Abbott 's Democratic opponent for governor , Lupe Valdez , said it 's `` astounding '' how few of the proposals directly address gun violence .
So far , the governor has not been enthusiastic about calls for a special legislative session on gun laws - a sharp contrast to the response in Florida following the February high school shooting there that killed 17 people . Florida lawmakers , who were already in session , passed a gun-control package three weeks later , thanks in part to a lobbying campaign led by student survivors of the attack .
In Texas , any attempts to create a mechanism to seize weapons is likely to be met with skepticism in a Republican-controlled Legislature that has expanded the rights of gun owners in recent years and made it easier and cheaper to be licensed to carry a handgun .
Also unlike the students in Florida , several students at Santa Fe High School have been vocal opponents of increased gun control , including some who were invited to meet with Abbott last week .
Kris Brown , the co-president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , said : `` The answer to preventing school shootings is n't some deep-seated secret . It 's guns . It 's the fact that it 's frighteningly easy for dangerous people to get access to a gun , and this proposal does little to stop that . ''
Texas State Teachers Association President Noel Candelaria said they `` strongly objects '' to arming more teachers . `` Teachers are trained to teach and to nuture , not double up as security guards , '' Candelaria said .
Abbott 's recommendations include measures to `` harden '' campuses such as creating vestibules where doors must by remotely unlocked before visitors enter , installing metal detectors and having an alarm that would signal there 's an active shooter .
Abbott is also recommending an expansion of a program that identifies students at risk of committing violence and provides help for them . They also want to increase the number of people trained to identify signs of mental illness and increase awareness of a state system that allows people to report people who may be a threat and suspicious activity .
__
Associated Press reporter Jim Vertuno contributed to this report from Austin .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
ATLANTA — The Washington Nationals picked a veteran to make the club 's first start at Sun Trust Park on Tuesday , while the Atlanta Braves hope to see a young power arm begin to live up to their potential .
In a matchup that features a pair of right-handers , Washington 's Max Scherzer ( 1-1 , 2.13 ERA ) goes against Atlanta 's Mike Foltynewicz ( 0-1 , 6.35 ERA ) in the opener of a three-game series .
Scherzer has pitched well in both of their starts this season , a win at Philadelphia and a loss against St. Louis . In their most recent outing on April 12 against the Cardinals , Scherzer struck out 10 in six innings and allowed three runs , only one of them earned .
Scherzer had success when they pitched at Turner Field . In seven starts at the former home of the Braves , Scherzer was 3-2 with a 2.35 ERA . They are 5-3 with a 3.70 ERA in their career against Atlanta .
Among the Atlanta hitters , Nick Markakis ( .320 ) and Ender Inciarte ( .316 ) have had the most success against Scherzer .
Foltynewicz was skipped when their last turn in the rotation came up because the schedule provided additional off days and the team did n't require a fifth starter . They did not pitch well in their first start , which occurred during cold — and occasionally snowy — conditions in Pittsburgh .
They allowed two runs on six hits and three walks against the Pirates but was yanked after 3 2/3 innings on April 7 . Foltynewicz pitched a two-inning relief stint on April 11 and allowed two runs .
In two career starts against Washington , Foltynewicz is 1-0 with a 3.86 ERA . They have 11 strikeouts in 11 2/3 innings against the Nationals .
Among Washington batters , Daniel Murphy ( .571 ) and Anthony Rendon ( .333 ) have both had success against Foltynewicz . Bryce Harper is hitless against the big right-hander , but they have a 1.020 OPS in April , the sixth-best number for the month since 1913 .
The Nationals ( 7-5 ) did not play on Monday . They finished a 4-2 homestand with a win over the Philadelphia Phillies on Sunday .
“ Much needed off day for our bullpen , and then we 've got a very , very tough road trip with the teams that we 're playing , different time zones , getting in late , ” manager Dusty Baker said .
The road trip will take the Nationals to three cities and will likely see Baker taking some innovative approaches to giving players rest over the next 10 games .
“ You 'll see different lineups just trying to keep guys fresh , ” the manager said .
Atlanta ( 6-6 ) has won five straight and is coming off a four-game sweep of San Diego . The Braves beat the Padres 5-4 with a ninth-inning rally on Monday .
“ We got back to .500 , ” said Atlanta first baseman Freddie Freeman , who hit a pair of home runs on Monday . “ That 's a huge win for us right there , obviously coming into a huge series starting ( Tuesday ) . ”
The Braves got some good news on Monday when they said the right hamstring injury to catcher Tyler Flowers was not as severe as initially believed and probably wo n't require them to go on the disabled list . Flowers is hitting .407 .
Atlanta outfielder Matt Kemp , sidelined since April 8 with a right hamstring strain , has resumed running , and they could return to action Wednesday .
“ Hopefully we get Matt back in a couple days and we 'll be in good shape here , ” Freeman said .
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now !
The Matt Rhule hire is a change of direction for the Baylor football program
Matt Rhule accepted the Baylor job without having ever coached in the state of Texas . Many questioned the hiring . Not so much why Matt Rhule but more of why Baylor . Matt Rhule had made it clear that they thought of it more of a calling than just a job offer . They want to lead young men and be part of re-building of a program that has had a tumultuous 2016 .
In May , Baylor dismissed Head Coach Art Briles amid a sexual assault scandal that has rocked the University . Athletic Director Ian McCaw and University President Ken Starr were also out of jobs . Baylor brought in Jim Grobe as Head Coach to try to lead the program in the right direction .
Baylor started the season 6-0 before a mid-season public feud between Baylor University Board of Regents and Briles ' remaining coaching staff culminating in every assistant coach tweeting out same message in support of Briles simultaneously . Following these events Baylor finished the season 0-6 and by Jim Grobes own admission the wheels fell off for the Bears .
With the hiring of Rhule Athletic Director Mack Rhoades is trying to take Baylor in a new direction . Rhule has no Texas ties and has never coached in the state . The vast majority of their career has been in the northeast .
Matt Rhule addressing their lack of Texas ties
Rhule seems to be making all the right moves in who they are bringing in on their staff to address the Texas ties . Their first hire was David Wetzel , a Baylor grad , who was President of Texas High School Football Coaches Association and Head Coach at San Antonio Reagan High School . Then they hired respected coach Joey McGuire from Cedar Hill High School in Dallas area . Finally They brought in former Baylor quarterback Shawn Bell who recently was head coach in the Austin area . In addition to these Texas coaches Rhule is bringing with them their entire defensive staff from Temple .
Matt Rhule has answered a lot of the questions asked when they were hired and if you 're a Baylor fan you should be very optimistic about the future .
More from Saturday Blitz
This article originally appeared on
Share
If you have a Schlage Sense Smart Deadbolt , your front door just unlocked a new capability .
Schlage announced that its smart locks will now work with Google Home , Google Assistant on Android devices and the Google Assistant app on Apple devices . The company first announced in January it was working on the integration at CES 2018 , and the feature went live on Tuesday , May 29 .
“ Schlage has been at the forefront of IoT security solutions since launching the Schlage Sense Smart Deadbolt in 2014 , ” Rob Martens , a futurist at Allegion , the maker of Schlage locks , said in a statement . “ This new integration and functionality is a testament to our ongoing commitment to raise the bar for innovation , convenience , and security and to support consumers ' choice of IoT platform . ”
The update enables users to lock their door and check whether it 's locked or unlocked with their voice . Users can activate the capability by saying , “ OK Google , is my door locked ? ” or , “ OK Google , lock my door. ” However , the upgrade does not include the ability to unlock the deadbolt with your voice .
Using the new functionality requires the Schlage Sense Wi-Fi Adapter , which Schlage sells separately $ 69 . The adapter also enables users to remotely access their lock using the Schlage Sense app on iOS and Android devices .
The Schlage Sense Smart Deadbolt lets users create up to 30 unique access codes , schedule access codes and look at past activity to identify which codes were used when .
The smart locks already work Amazon 's Alexa and Apple 's Siri . Schlage introduced the ability to lock and check the status of your door via Alexa in October and added the ability to unlock it by speaking a pin earlier this month .
For security reasons , the Alexa unlock feature is disabled by default . To enable the functionality , users must log in to their Amazon Alexa app and then create a PIN . After three incorrect voice code attempts , the feature will be disabled .
The Google Home update makes the Schlage Sense Smart Deadbolt more competitive with other smart locks , such as the August Smart Lock and the Kwikset Obsidian , which are also compatible with Google Assistant .
The Schlage Connect and Schlage 's Connected Keypad do not yet have compatibility with Google Assistant . Consumers now await the next update , wondering whether that will include compatibility with these other smart locks and the ability to unlock your door via voice command .
Are you interested in learning how to control access to your AWS resources ? Have you wondered how to best scope permissions to achieve least-privilege permissions access control ? If your answer is “ yes ” , this session is for you . We look at the Identity & Access Management policy language , starting with the basics of the policy language and how to create and attach policies to IAM users , groups , and roles . We explore policy variables , conditions , and tools to help you author the least privilege policies . We cover common use cases , such as granting a user secure access to an Amazon S3 bucket or to launch an Amazon EC2 instance of a specific type .
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) .
Nigerians may vote APC out in 2019 – Oyegun
NATIONAL Chairman of the Progressives Congress , APC , John Odigie-Oyegun , has warned that Nigerians may vote against the party in 2019 . “ We created a machine that has started a significant move in entrenching democracy in this country . What is democracy ? It is the ability to hire and fire ” , they said . “ It was the first time [ … ]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In this image released by the U.S. Army , Sgt . Allen L. Stigler Jr. , of Arlington , Texas , is photographed in an official portrait . According to the Pentagon , Stigler and Sgt . Roshain E. Brooks were killed Sunday , Aug. 13 in Iraq were casualties of a U.S. artillery `` mishap . '' U.S. Army via AP )
( Cooke County Jail via AP ) . This undated photo provided by the Cooke County ( Texas ) Jail shows Shannon Hoaglen . Texas authorities say four current and former employees of the state 's troubled Texas Juvenile Justice Department ( TJJD ) facilities , have been ...
( Cooke County Jail via AP ) . This undated photo provided by the Cooke County ( Texas ) Jail shows Derrick Goodman . Texas authorities say four current and former employees of the state 's troubled Texas Juvenile Justice Department ( TJJD ) facilities , have been ...
( Cooke County Jail via AP ) . This undated photo provided by the Cooke County ( Texas ) Jail shows Derrick Day . Texas authorities say four current and former employees of the state 's troubled Texas Juvenile Justice Department ( TJJD ) facilities , have been a ...
By PAUL J. WEBER
Associated Press
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) - A Texas youth prison guard asked a teenage inmate if they were `` ready to go to sleep '' as they and another guard choked them until they lost consciousness , according to prosecutors .
Authorities on Thursday arrested four guards at state-run juvenile lockups on charges of official oppression , including one who works at a Brown County facility and three who work at one in Gainsville , including the two accused of allegedly choking out a teen and a third accused of allegedly punching one in the face , tackling them and then pummeling their head and body .
The arrests are part of a state investigation into the troubled Texas Juvenile Justice Department . Since last year , at least nine state juvenile correctional officers have been arrested on abuse or misconduct charges and another was convicted in July on charges of having sex with youth in custody .
The unfolding crisis led Texas Gov . Greg Abbott to replace the agency 's top leaders and independent ombudsman . They also launched a state investigation into the juvenile system that houses about 1,400 youth offenders , which was drastically downsized and overhauled in 2007 following a sex abuse scandal involving guards and teenagers .
`` There is no room among us for those who dishonor themselves and violate the public trust . These arrests improve the safety of the youth we serve , '' said Camille Cain , the new executive director over the Texas juvenile detention system .
Court documents filed in Cooke County on Friday accuse correctional officers Shannon Hoaglen , 41 , and Derrick Day , 39 , of moving to restrain a teenager due to a `` rule violation '' and holding them to the ground until they could `` not talk , breath or move until they became unconscious ; waking up dazed , confused . '' The documents do not give the teen 's age or specify what rule they had broken . Youths in the Texas system age out at 19 .
Another correctional officer allegedly told investigators that Day lay down on the teenager and asked them `` Are you ready to go sleep ? '' They then counted until the teen stopped moving .
`` In the surveillance video , it is obvious , based on the sudden stop in movement by the Youth , that the Youth had lost consciousness during this restraint , '' according to an affidavit signed by Sgt . Jacob Richardson , who works in the agency 's inspector general office .
Cooke County Jail records on Friday did not list Hoaglen and Day as still in custody , and a court clerk did not know whether they had been arraigned or entered pleas . It was not clear whether either had an attorney , and no working phone numbers could be found for Hoaglen or Day .
Derrick Goodman , 56 , who allegedly punched the other juvenile in custody , said they had no comment when reached by phone Friday .
According to court documents obtained by The Associated Press on Thursday , Morsello Hooker , 31 , was arrested in Brown County and charged with official oppression related to allegations they picked up a 15-year-old who was lying on their back and slammed them on the ground . The Department of Public Safety said a fifth department employee was facing criminal charges in the investigation , but was at large .
In 2007 , Texas lawmakers shuttered lockups across the state after authorities believed at least 13 boys in custody had been sexually abused . Five juvenile lockups remain today but are spread out in rural areas , which juvenile advocates say has made finding and retaining qualified officers difficult .
___
Associated Press Writer Claudia Lauer in Dallas contributed to this report .
___
Follow Paul J. Weber on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/pauljweber
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Unfortunately , it seems that the world is becoming more and more superficial . Having poor fashion sense and looking like a disaster can have a negative impact on your life . The good news is that improving your fashion style is not difficult at all . The hot fashion tips packed into this article will help you look fantastic .
Accessories are your best friend . You can take any old outfit that would be quite boring or plain on its own and dress it up with amazing accessories . Add the perfect necklace or brooch to a little black dress , and you 've taken that LBD from average to awesome in two seconds flat .
If you want to bring your hair up from your shoulders , consider an simple up-do . Long hair can get in your way on a busy day . If you do not have time to spend on your hair , put your hair up in a messy , but adorable bun .
If you are used to dressing down but you would like to spruce up your style , try buying some sparkly accessories . These will make your outfit look brighter and you will not have to change your entire style . You can make a plain outfit fit for any occasion by changing the style of accessories .
Choose items to add to your wardrobe that make sense for your lifestyle . If you spend most of your time in jeans , then buy the best looking and best-fitting jeans that you can afford . The money you spend on an item for your wardrobe that you wear regularly is always a good investment .
There are countless attractive options in accessories for your hair . For example , you can go into any store and find a variety of headbands , ponytail holders and hair bows . You ought to have many hair accessories as part of your look . Many female athletes mix sporty pieces from their wardrobe with scrunchies in a rainbow of colors . If you are heading out with friends , add a matching headband to your outfit .
If you like form fitting clothing , it is very important to know what materials and colors blend together , and will hold their form the best . This is significant because if you get the wrong blend , not only the outfit will possibly go out of shape , but it might be uncomfortable as well .
Buy outfits that promote an hour-glass figure . No matter what the decade , that feminine outline is classic and always fashionable . This is why actores like Marilyn Monroe are still considered beautiful even with the new model trend toward long and lanky women . Curves are always in as it implies femininity and fertility .
When shopping for vintage clothing , do n't make assumptions based on the size on the tag . A size 8 in the 1950s fits differently than a modern size 8 , so save yourself some disappointments by always trying items on before buying them . Once you get a feel for how sizes have changed through the decades , you will have a better idea of what to look for .
Determine what is good and bad for your body shape . Smaller people can wear items which are made from softer textiles and are tighter fitting . Buxom women should wear noteworthy pants or skirts that draw others ' eyes away from the bust . If you have a pear shape , wear light colors on top with dark bottoms .
Add your personality to your style . Have a little bed head , wear an unbuttoned shirt , or put on shoes that do n't exactly match . You ca n't be perfect , so you should aim for controlled chaos .
Buy the right size clothing . Too many women wear shirts , skirts , and even bras that are too tight . This is very unflattering . Buying clothing that fits right will have you looking your best . It will also allow you to breathe and be comfortable in what you 're wearing . Part of being fashionable is being at ease with your choices .
If you are in your 40 's or older , know that you can still fashionable for your age . This does not mean that you should dress the way you did when you are 20 , but you can make wise fashion choices . For middle-aged women , V-neck tops with cardigans or blazers with a pair of dress pants is a nice look .
One great fashion tip is to pay attention to what specific designer or brand fit you best . This is a very good idea because many times , a designer will mold their outfits around a specific body type or individual so you will find success with much of their clothing options .
For a fun and simple daytime look , wear your hair in a casual up-do . Use an accessory that coordinates with your outfit to hold most of your hair in place . Allow some gentle pieces to fall out and frame your face . You will feel cooler , and look casually appealing to everyone !
You are probably feeling much more comfortable now about your fashion sense . Dressing to impress is not that hard , even on a budget . Try hard to implement these tips and results should come in short order .
PANAMA CITY ( AP ) - U.S. citizen William Dathan Holbert was sentenced to 47 years in prison by a court in Panama for robbing and killing five other Americans in a Caribbean tourist destination , authorities said Monday .
Holbert 's ex-wife Laura Reese was sentenced to 26 years for their role .
Authorities said Holbert admitted killing five people between 2007 and 2010 in Bocas del Toro province in order to steal their property .
Holbert 's lawyer , Claudia Alvarado , suggested an appeal was likely .
Holbert and Reese were arrested while trying to enter Nicaragua from Costa Rica in 2010 .
That year , the bodies of four adults and one child were found buried on the property of a hostel that Holbert owned .
Holbert killed a U.S. citizen named Mike Brown , their wife and young son in 2007 . Authorities have said Brown may have been living under an alias and they do n't know where they were from . In 2010 , Holbert killed Cheryl Lynn Hughes , a native of St. Louis , Missouri , who ran a small hotel in Panama , and Bo Icelar , former owner of a gallery in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Holbert had left North Carolina after they went through a divorce to a previous wife , sold their landscaping business and filed for bankruptcy . They met Reese in North Carolina .
In Montana , Holbert stole a car and sold it . Back in North Carolina they sold a $ 200,000 home that they did n't own . Authorities pursued them across a half dozen states that included a high-speed chase in Wyoming .
They and Reese had been living in Panama under the alias Cortez . They were fleeing a Panamanian investigation when they were arrested in Nicaragua .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A crowdfunding campaign has been set-up to provide financial support to Grigory Rodchenkov , the former head of the Moscow Laboratory who has since turned whistleblower and helped allege an institutional doping regime in Russia .
Rodchenkov , the principal character in the Icarus film currently being shown on Netflix , left Moscow for an unspecified location in the United States last year .
They provided information to the New York Times which formed the basis for the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) -commissioned McLaren Report , which alleged that up to 15 home medal winners at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi benefited from the illegal tampering of urine samples .
Dozens of other major events were similarly affected , it is claimed .
They are considered a traitor in Russia and has been the subject of huge criticism .
The campaign , taking place on the website Go Fund Me , is being organised by FairSport , an independent foundation dedicated to eradicating cheating in sport .
It is headed for Norway 's four-time Olympic speed skating champion Johann Koss and a total of $ 5,475 ( £4,200/€4,640 ) has so far been raised .
`` You may already have seen the Netflix documentary Icarus , '' reads an introductory message on the page .
`` The film 's main character , Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov , is still okay , but we do n't know how long this will last .
`` If we are to believe the press in Russia , their life is at serious risk .
`` [ Russian President Vladimir ] Putin has declared them Russia 's 'public enemy number one ' and - as you may know - a number of Putin 's enemies have met suspicious deaths .
`` We are FairSport.org , a group of supporters who want to help Grigory move forward with their life .
`` For obvious reasons , they can not work , but their bills are mounting .
`` His safety is in jeopardy , and they not only needs additional security and safe food and housing , but also the means to fund the legal team that is supporting them through their continued efforts , investigations , and immigration needs while they soldier on toward their goal of unveiling a system fraught with decades of corruption . ''
Nikita Kamayev , the former executive director of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency ( RUSADA ) , died from a `` massive heart attack '' in February 2016 .
They had reportedly planned to reveal details about drug use in sport beforehand .
The 52-year-old died on February 14 just a fortnight after RUSADA 's founding chairperson , Vyacheslav Sinev , also passed away .
NORTH PORT , Fla. ( WFLA ) – The destructive force of Hurricane Irma convinced homeowners to board up or get blown down .
In North Port , Bob Roehrig 's Sam Rodgers home sits in an area where either impact-resistant windows or storm shutters are required . The house came with fiberglass storm shutters supplied by Global Protection Products .
“ They do not fit , ” complained Bob Roehrig .
The shutters are supposed to fit over threaded studs that the homeowner screws into the wall around windows and doors .
A wingnut is screwed on to hold the shutter in place .
The problem Roehrig and their neighbors encountered repeatedly is the studs did not align with the eyelets or grommets in the shutters .
“ They do n't fit , they do n't match , ” said homeowner Bob Modafferi .
Modafferi found themselves having to smack the studs with a hammer to move them enough to make them fit .
“ We have a hurricane coming through , I need to get these shutters up , there 's no way I was able to do it unless I actually bent the stud at the risk of damaging the structure underneath , but I had not other choice , ” they explained .
“ They 're so far off the grommet from the studs , I could n't even force them , ” added Roehrig .
Roehrig sweated out Irma with their large sliding glass door unprotected .
Last week , homeowners in Apollo Beach contacted Target 8 because as Irma approached , they also found some of their GPP supplied shutters were missing , did n't fit , or were without brackets and hardware .
Like in Apollo Beach , GPP supplied North Port homeowners with a certification assuring that all openings had fitted protection . The company claims it even sent pictures of each house to the respective building departments .
“ I did call the building department , ” said Roehrig . “ They did not inspect it physically . They said the company GPP sent them pictures and they could n't even verify that they were pictures of my house . ”
The president of Sam Rodgers Homes told us they are well aware of these problems . Richard Rodgers says they have spoken with GPP and promises to make it right with all of the affected homeowners .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
by Sandra Schulz , Contributing Writer
July is upon us and so is the Kids Fishing Day at the Lake Park Marina , July 17th through the 19th , 2018 .
Since 1988 , The Palm Beach County Fishing Foundation and partners like The Marine Industries Association of Palm Beach County , have been hosting this event alongside of the West Palm Beach Fishing Club and many volunteers . We are also so very proud to be a part of this huge event as the owners of Living on Island Time drift fishing vessel .
The three day event hosts hundreds of disadvantaged kids from Palm Beach county to experience salt water fishing on the Atlantic ocean and learn about marine wildlife .
Each child will receive food and beverage for the day , a T-shirt , introductory lessons to marine wildlife , then for a finale , a fishing trip out on the ocean . There will be many stations set up throughout the park prior to their fishing trip one including a marine touch tank provided by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . The children will take home a certificate of participation and even a brand-new rod and reel in hopes that they will “ get hooked on fishing “ and continue to enjoy this wonderful sport . Please visit our Facebook page after the event for updated pictures of these smiling faces !
Sandra Schulz , owner
Living on Island Time , LLC
561-585-4473
Info @ fishingonislandtime.com
Website : fishingonislandtime.com
When rumors of DJ Traci Steele & Stevie J having a secret relationship flooded the internet , Tigger reported it . Moments after , Stevie J themselves called into the Big Tigger Show to `` clarify '' things ... but when they referred to Traci Steele as a one-night stand they had something to say ! ! ! So what did they do ? They called in too ! Listen to their call below & in case you missed Stevie , listen -- -- - > HERE .
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — A wild scene unfolded in Queens Wednesday night when police say a driver jumped a curb , hit a pole , then slammed into a gate before leaving a baby girl behind and running off .
The child 's car seat remained in the back of the smashed up Honda Civic , after police say the woman behind the wheel smashed the vehicle into a fence at the corner of 101st Avenue and 93rd Street in Ozone Park .
Police say the woman who crashed this car in to a fence , jumped out and handed their 1 year old to a stranger before running off . Tonight they are still looking for her ! More on what happened at 11 on @ CBSNewYork pic.twitter.com/HfTJTLtCKW — Valerie Castro ( @ VCastroTV ) May 31 , 2018
Witnesses say the woman believed to be in their 20s jumped out , grabbed their one-year-old child from the car , and handed them off to a stranger before running away .
“ The worst part is they just jumps out of the car , tells some random lady ‘ Listen , I 'm gon na get arrested , take my baby ' , leaving behind the car and their child , ” the witness said . “ I do n't know what to do about that . ”
Another woman watched the scene unfold from their apartment across the street .
“ She had the baby dangling off their arm , some lady leaned over and grabbed the baby because int they midst of everything you assume the baby got hurt , ” Ozone Park resident Kiana Velasquez said . “ We did n't know what was the issue , why would they leave the baby behind like that ? It was the craziest thing . ”
Medics arrived and rushed the child to Jamaica Hospital Medical Center .
The NYPD evidence collection team dusted the vehicle 's door handles for fingerprints in hopes of identifying the driver of the car with New Jersey license plates .
Hope you enjoyed Sounds of the Season on KFOR Sunday afternoon during the 70th annual State Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony . Hundreds gathered in the Rotunda of the State Capitol Building to sing and celebrate . The 24′ Blue Spruce donated by Roger and Vicki Lansman of Ord , who own a house at 34thand Dudley in Lincoln , features ornaments from each of Nebraska 's 93 counties .
While there are plenty of rumours about when we 'll first see Jodie Whittaker 's Thirteenth Doctor in the new series , the truth is slightly less clear
Every man , woman and their robot dog is pretty excited to see the debut of Jodie Whittaker 's new Doctor later this year – but when will Doctor Who actually be back on our screens ?
Advertisement
Here 's everything we know – as well as a few misconceptions about what the facts might mean…
When is Doctor Who coming back to TV ?
Despite what you may have read , all that has been confirmed by the BBC is that the ten-episode series will return in autumn , a season which officially runs between Sunday 23rd September and Friday 21st December . You may have heard of it .
But assuming the BBC is n't taking things THAT literally , we 'd say this statement means the series will begin at some point between the end of summer ( ie the end of August ) and December .
Apart from that , the BBC have officially said they have n't landed on a firm date and any comment on the airtime is just speculation .
But is n't the series coming back in October ?
Not necessarily . Earlier this month , a photo taken from a BBC Worldwide Showcase event included a note that the new series of Doctor Who would “ deliver ” in October 2018 , leading many fans ( and various websites ) to come to the understandable conclusion that this was a confirmation of when the series would begin on TV .
However , this is n't necessarily the case . In BBC Worldwide 's terms , a show having been “ delivered ” means it is in their hands ready to be distributed to foreign buyers who will then show it on their own networks . This gives an indication of roughly when a show will air in the UK but it could be that the broadcaster – in this case the BBC itself – delays transmission to suit its schedule . It wo n't necessarily broadcast a show as soon as it 's delivered . In other words , Doctor Who could actually be on even later than October .
What does this mean for the Doctor Who Christmas special ?
Of course , an October start would leave Doctor Who is a series 11 still on the air perilously close to Christmas , when it traditionally has a festive episode ( well , since the series returned in 2005 anyway ) .
However , rumours have been knocking about for a while that new showrunner Chris Chibnall does n't fancy doing a Christmas special this year , with the initial announcement of the series only mentioning the ten-episode main series and the BBC Worldwide Showcase also not referencing any extra festive episodes .
Of course , it could be that the Christmas special is being counted as part of the next run that comes after the forthcoming series 11 ( not unusual for Doctor Who – series nine technically began with the 2014 Christmas special before it kicked off properly in September 2015 ) – but it could also be that Chibnall is getting rid of the separate festive episode entirely .
Or it could allow for Chibnall to create a Yuletide episode within the confines of the main series , assuming the episode aired near enough to Christmas Day . And this would n't be completely without precedent in Whom – prior to 2005 , the only Doctor Who Christmas episode was the seventh part of 1965-66 serial The Daleks ' Master Plan , an episode called The Feast of Stephen that just so happened to air on Christmas Day and so had some Yuletide shenanigans shoehorned into the plot .
However , we 've had it pretty much confirmed that all series 11 will air in its entirety in “ autumn 2018 ” so assuming it wo n't spill over into 2019 , and that Chibnall wants it to run weekly without a break from start to finish , that might give us a specific and slightly later start date . If we count backwards from Christmas Day , a Tuesday , and assume the rest of the episodes are in their traditional Saturday slot , that gives us a series 11 launch date of 27th October .
Of course , we have all our fingers and toes crossed that we 'll have all ten episodes AND a separate Christmas special , but to quote the Rolling Stones , you ca n't always get what you want .
But will the series still be on Saturday ?
Here 's an interesting one – there have been rumours for a while that Chibnall is considering moving the series from Saturday to Sunday , cementing their vision for Doctor Who as unmissable drama ( traditionally , drama is more popular on Sunday evenings ) while also allowing Who to avoid being pushed around in the schedules by Strictly Come Dancing , which happened the last time it aired in the autumn .
The BBC are remaining characteristically tight-lipped about whether this move could happen but it 'd definitely be a big change for the series – even during its classic run Doctor Who aired on Saturday evenings , so this would be upending a decades-old tradition .
Then again , Chibnall is n't exactly unknown for shifting the way the series has usually operated…
How many episodes will the series have ?
Well , that we do know – Doctor Who is a series 11 will have a 65-minute opening episode , followed by nine 50-minute episodes .
Some official BBC Worldwide advertisements have suggested the series will have over 11 hours of content this year , but this almost certainly refers to spin-off videos , prequels and tie-in shows like the Doctor Who Fan Show rather than an extra episode or two .
For now , that 's pretty much all we know about Doctor Who 's airdate – but check back here for any updates .
Advertisement
Doctor Who returns to BBC1 this Autumn
England qualified for the 2018 World Cup with a 1-0 win over Slovenia at Wembley last night .
The victory assured the Three Lions of a place in Russia next summer , albeit they achieved it with an underwhelming performance .
After the final whistle , Manchester United youngster Marcus Rashford and Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson took to social media to react to achieving qualification .
This is what qualification looks like ! ! ! ! Russia 2018 🙌🏾 pic.twitter.com/vYHBAx9vIu — Marcus Rashford ( @ MarcusRashford ) October 5 , 2017
World Cup qualification ✅ Well done lads… . 👊🏻 # worldcup # russia A post shared by Jordan Henderson ( @ jhenderson ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 3:47pm PDT
Rashford was one of England 's better players on the night , even if they did overelaborate on a few occasions , while Henderson was clearly tasked with marshalling the midfield by manager Gareth Southgate .
Image source : Getty Images .
Continue Reading Below
A picture is worth a thousand words . And if you wanted to sum up what the world of retail has been like for investors since the Great Recession , the picture above pretty much says it all . While people do still like to buy some of their clothing at stores , the malls in which they exist are starting to look like ghost towns . That 's spelled awful returns for investors in companies like Kohl 's ( NYSE : KSS ) and J.C. Penney ( NYSE : JCP ) .
JCP total return price data by YCharts .
In fact , while the larger market has essentially doubled over the past decade , these two have been big losers . But the thing about the stock market is that it 's a forward-looking entity — and such price fluctuations could make these stocks great picks today .
But which is the better buy ? That 's a tough question to answer , but we can gain some insight by comparing them through three different lenses .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Financial fortitude
If you ever thought that companies are best when they return all of their cash to shareholders , the industry in which Kohl 's and J.C. Penney toil should be evidence of the opposite . Companies who had cash on hand entering the Great Recession are still alive today . Those that did n't — and instead had mountains of debt — have largely gone out of business or been bought out .
Here 's how J.C. Penney and Kohl 's stack up in terms of financial fortitude .
Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow J.C. Penney $ 183 million $ 4,500 million ( $ 322 million ) $ 87 million Kohl 's $ 597 million $ 4,500 million $ 600 million $ 1,600 million
Data source : Yahoo ! Finance .
Keep in mind that Kohl 's is currently valued at over three times the size of J.C. Penney .
But even after taking that into consideration , it 's clear that Kohl 's is far less fragile , financially speaking , than J.C. Penney . Kohl 's has a much better cash-to-debt ratio , and has raked in the free cash flow ( FCF ) over the past year .
Winner = Kohl 's
Sustainable competitive advantages
If I were forced to make investing decisions based on just a single factor , it would be this . A company 's sustainable competitive advantage — often referred to as a “ moat ” — is what separates it from the competition . It is the unique “ something ” that makes customers identify with or keep coming back to a certain company .
Sadly , for both J.C. Penney and Kohl 's , moats have been shrinking quickly in retail . In the past , the number of physical locations any store had — along with their brand recognition — provided enormous moats . If you had a store in a prime location , people would undoubtedly visit your store . And if you had lots of stores , you could benefit from economies of scale .
But very quickly , those strengths have turned into enormous liabilities . With the onset of e-commerce , brick-and-mortar locations became relative weaknesses instead of strengths . Nowhere is this more apparent than in the comparable-store sales ( comps ) of each of these companies .
Comps Over Time
Create column charts
Data source : Securities and Exchange Commission filings .
While J.C. Penney has been able to make laudable progress here over the past two years , much of it was possible because of the massive drops in 2012 and 2013 . In reality , there are no winners here when it comes to moats .
Winner = Tie
Valuation
Finally , we have valuation . While this is n't an exact science , there are some straightforward metrics we can consult to give us an idea of how expensive each stock is .
Company P/E P/FCF PEG Ratio Dividend FCF Payout Ratio J.C. Penney N/A 30 N/A 0 % N/A Kohl 's 13 5 1.4 4 % 22 %
Data source : Yahoo ! Finance , E * Trade . P/E represents figures from non-GAAP earnings .
Here we have a clear winner . Kohl 's is trading for a remarkably cheap price relative to its free cash flow , and it offers an outsized dividend that the company can easily continue to pay .
Winner = Kohl 's
Final call = Kohl 's
Kohl 's is the pretty clear winner here . While J.C. Penney could certainly turn things around and end up being the better holding over the next five years , it 's clear that Kohl 's is the safer bet . While I personally do n't own — or intend to own — either of these stocks , Kohl 's is not only the safer bet , but it trades for a very low price and offers a very healthy dividend .
10 stocks we like better than Kohl 's
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . *
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Kohl 's was n't one of them ! That 's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys .
Click here to learn about these picks !
* Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7 , 2016
Brian Stoffel has no position in any stocks mentioned . The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
ADDvantage Technologies Group on Tuesday reported net income for the first fiscal quarter ended Dec. 31 of $ 217,161 , up from $ 23,994 for the first quarter of the previous fiscal year .
West Ham hoping to sign Arsenal 's Olivier Giroud
West Ham United are plotting a move to sign Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud this summer , according to the London Evening Standard .
France international Giroud , who played in last night 's victory over England in Paris , was not a guaranteed starter for the Gunners last season and is rumoured to want a move away from the Emirates Stadium if manager Arsene Wenger tells them they will have to settle for a place on the bench again next term .
Alexis Sanchez and Danny Welbeck were both preferred at different stages of the 2016/17 campaign , while Wenger is likely to strengthen their attacking options before the start of next season .
But the Arsenal boss is reportedly eager to keep their compatriot in north London . They have always backed the 6ft 4in striker , even when they have come in for criticism from fans and media alike .
Giroud , aged 30 , is under contract with the Gunners until June 2019 and would still command a sizeable fee if they move on this summer .
Handsome , brave , soulful , damaged soldier Hugh Armitage takes their adored Demelza Poldark – the wife of their friend and saviour Captain Ross Poldark – to the sand dunes in Sunday 's highly charged series finale . There they stand alone , windswept and shimmering with sexual tension .
Advertisement
He 's written their poems , surreptitiously drawn their lovely image and told her , “ I am wholly disorientated… shipwrecked… lost… You are the woman who I love more than life. ” But the sight in Hugh 's melting cow eyes is failing after their brutal confinement in a squalid French prison and , to paraphrase inelegantly , they ask Demelza for a quickie before they go blind . Or , as they put it , “ Shall we grant ourselves each other so I can go into the darkness knowing I have once tasted heaven ? ”
It 's not a bad chat-up line , agrees Eleanor Tomlinson , who plays Demelza , a woman caught between two lovers .
“ Yeah , right , ” they laugh . “ It 's very funny , but very sweet . I think Demelza just feels honoured by the attention – no one has ever written their poetry before , and Ross has never sat down with a sketchbook and taken the time to draw them Demelza is swept away by it all . ”
It 's the latest talking point between the Cornwall-based drama 's legions of fans – five million tune in every week . Will Demelza , surely the most faithful of women ( and she 's had a lot to put up with ) , cheat on their buccaneering , often inconsiderate husband ?
It would be unfair to anyone who has n't read Winston Graham 's books and who does n't know the outcome to this beach-based tryst to be specific about what happens between Hugh and Demelza .
But the flirtation , which began when Ross ( Aidan Turner ) rescued their friend Dr Dwight Enys and Hugh Armitage , scion of Cornwall gentry , during that daring raid on the French prison , has intensified on both sides during the third series ' later episodes .
It marks , too , a highly significant moment in the development of Demelza , arguably the character who has come the furthest – emotionally , intellectually and sexually – since Poldark , a hugely successful reboot of the 1970s classic , began two years ago . In the very first episode they were pulled literally from the gutter by Ross Poldark , who thought they were a boy , when they were being abused and teased by a group of yobs in the street .
They took their home to Nampara to be their maid , rescuing them from a brutal father , and not too much later , Ross , enthralled and entranced by Demelza 's spirit , married them
In many ways it 's a very modern , 21st-century relationship of equals , particularly in this series as Demelza , left to their own devices by a husband who leads a dangerous foray into Revolutionary France , grows and flourishes ; they take charge of the family business , the copper mine , and keeps the home fires burning . Tomlinson has to chop a lot of logs and do a lot of baking and thump a lot of dough : “ Ah yes , the angry baking ! ”
For Poldark 's thrilled and devoted audience it 's been a joy to watch Demelza thrive throughout three series , learning to use their extraordinary power to charm men , secure funds for a community charity project for the starving poor and help their husband as they lock antlers with the wealthy stalwarts of a Cornish society that is on the brink of exploding into class warfare .
“ Demelza is not a stay-at-home wilting flower , they are strong and they will go out there and do what they think is right for the community , ” says Tomlinson , 25 , who grew up in Beverley in Yorkshire . “ In their independence from Ross they have grown up ; they know what 's right and wrong and how they want to live their life , and it gives them confidence . ”
Demelza has always been forthright , but increasingly demands a bigger voice in the marriage . “ Not once have you asked my advice or harkened to my opinion ! ” they yell at Ross , after rounding on them about the latest manly adventure from which they are excluded .
Says Tomlinson : “ Demelza loves Ross , but they do n't need them to the extent that they once did and I think that this relationship with Hugh comes out of someone paying their attention , someone highlighting their worth , while she 's being ignored by Ross .
“ She wears their heart on their sleeve and they are very true and very honest to Ross and I think it 's lovely . That 's what 's nice about her , they do n't conform to a society where women behaved themselves and were very much under their husbands ' thumbs . Demelza speaks their mind . ”
But poor Demelza must always and forever fight Ross 's residual love for their former fiancée , the glacially lovely Elizabeth . So is Demelza simply getting their own back with Hugh ?
“ I do n't think it 's tit for tat at all , ” says Tomlinson . “ At the end of series two Ross and Demelza decided they still loved each other and marriages are n't easy , they come with enormous problems , but they decide they have to work through them together and Ross promises to include them in every decision . ”
Debbie Horsfield , Aidan Turner and Alison Graham at the BFI Radio Times Festival
Writer Debbie Horsfield , who has adapted Graham 's novels for the screen and has almost completed series four , agrees . “ I do n't think it 's motivated by a desire for revenge , that 's not who Demelza is . ”
Demelza could probably be forgiven for wanting to get back at the man who has , in all likelihood , fathered a child ( Valentine ) with Elizabeth , whom they arguably raped in the previous series – and whom he 's now been spotted kissing in the local church . The audience knows that there was a certain let's-go-our-separate-ways quality to this secret snog , but Ross , for some reason , ca n't tell their wife this .
So when the divinely sensitive Hugh peers at Demelza through those prettily fogging eyes and tells them she 's “ the woman I love more than life ” , surely it 's game on ? Not quite , says Horsfield .
“ If only Ross had told Demelza what they truly felt about Elizabeth [ something only we , the audience , got to hear ] at the end of the last episode… It 's important that we know what they were thinking – he 's not just a b * * * * * d. It 's not Demelza thinking she 'll get their own back , it 's more , ‘ OK , I really fancy this guy , why should n't I ? '
“ Besides , it 's almost like they are two kids together , and Ross is caught up in other things so they take their eye off the ball and is maybe a little too sure that Demelza is not going to be interested elsewhere . ”
Indeed , as Demelza wrestles with their conscience and longing and their loyalty to their marriage and two small children , they tell them husband : “ I wish I could be two people but just for a day , to give myself to them without it being a threat to our marriage. ” And there it is , the key to everything , the Ross and Demelza marriage .
Says Debbie Horsfield : “ It 's a genuine marriage , it 's not rose-tinted . In the first series it was lovely , they were falling in love and it was incredibly passionate and really romantic . Then it had its trial and tribulations in series two .
“ By series three they were grappling with the challenges of what is going to be a long-haul marriage… What we are exploring is a threat to that marriage that comes from a different place – it comes unexpectedly from Demelza . ”
Series four promises plenty of London-based action as Ross moves to the capital to become an MP , which will eventually lead Demelza into even more socially exalted circles .
Advertisement
But initially , says Eleanor Tomlinson , “ Demelza becomes more independent , because Ross goes off to London and they very much becomes the boss of Nampara . That is their power – they and Ross are on an equal level and I wonder how they will respond to that . ”
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - Louisville Metro Police are expecting major traffic delays in downtown Louisville on Tuesday evening because of an event hosted by Bernie Sanders .
Drivers should expect heavy traffic delays in the areas from South 3rd Street and South 5th Street , and from West Broadway to West Liberty Street .
Sanders will speak at 7 p.m. at the Louisville Palace with Democratic National Convention Chair Tom Perez .
The event is part of the Come Together and Fight Back Tour .
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ LMPD releases traffic plan for Thunder Over Louisville
+ Ransomware : The computer threat you should worry about
+ Rue21 closing 400 stores
Doors open for the event at 5:30 p.m .
The event is free and open to the public . Admission is first come , first served .
Click here to RSVP .
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
The Italy international has been heavily tipped to join the Premier League champion in the transfer window , although Liverpool , Arsenal and Chelsea are said to be providing competition .
A report from Calcio Napoli 24 on Thursday ( AEST ) claimed City has agreed a deal with the 26 year-old that could cost the club as much as €50million .
Joao Santos claims an offer has been made to Napoli and admits it would be hard to turn down City 's advances .
`` I know an offer to Napoli has arrived from Manchester City , '' they said . `` We 're waiting for their response . I do n't think they have rejected offers .
`` If Napoli find an agreement with City , we will assess everything .
`` Obviously , Manchester City would be very welcome , an opportunity not to be turned down . The coach is one of the best in Europe . ''
Jorginho has established themselves as one of Serie A 's finest midfielders since signing from Verona in 2014 .
They made 33 Serie A appearances in 2017-2018 , scoring twice .
Need a snow plow or in the market for a used car ? Used government items are now easier to buy .
The City of Bridgeport has joined an online auction website to sell everything from street sweepers to used city cars .
The website is called govdeals.com and can be accessed by anyone wanting to bid on these items . The Bridgeport City Clerk says so far the city has been able to sell items really quickly on the site and says its an easy way for the city to make money .
`` Its great for the city . Its kind of like an eBay auction site so people will bid on the items just like they do on eBay so the highest bid will obviously win on the item so it kind of helps the city also to maybe make a little more money than we would if we had put a set dollar amount , '' said City Clerk Andrea Kerr .
Other cities in West Virginia , like Beckley , are using the website . The Beckley Treasurer says their municipality has made more than $ 100,000 since July .
COLUMBIANA COUNTY , Ohio ( WYTV ) – The Ohio Department of Health is helping a local coroner 's office cover pricey lab tests .
It 's all because of the state 's drug epidemic .
The Columbiana County Coroner 's Office received over $ 5,000 from the state . It will go toward toxicology tests that have been ordered for suspected overdoses .
There were a record 40 overdose deaths in Columbiana County in 2017 .
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Kenta Maeda on the 10-day disabled list Wednesday with a mild left hip strain , leaving the club with four of their five starters from the opening-day roster sidelined with an injury .
Also on the DL are Clayton Kershaw ( left biceps strain ) , Rich Hill ( left middle finger blister ) and Hyun-Jin Ryu ( left groin strain ) . Kershaw is expected to return from the DL on Thursday and start against the Philadelphia Phillies .
Maeda was removed from their start Tuesday against the Phillies in the second inning . They received a visit on the mound from the team 's medical staff on consecutive batters and came out of the game after striking out pitcher Jake Arrieta .
Manager Dave Roberts sounded optimistic that Maeda would miss just one start , but admitted that they would not rush their right-hander 's return .
“ I felt the sensation at the end of my last outing and worked on it between starts , ” Madea said through a team interpreter . “ I thought I could pitch through it but as I was in a game situation , I felt it getting worse and worse and I think my teammates and coaches started to realize that . ”
The Dodgers recalled right-hander Dennis Santana from Triple-A Oklahoma City to take Maeda 's spot on the active roster . It is Santana 's first time on a major league roster .
Roberts said Santana would be available out of the bullpen immediately and could be in line for a start when the team heads out on a six-game road trip starting Friday at Colorado . Santana has a combined 10 starts at Double-A and Triple-A this season , posting a 2.54 ERA .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Gov Obaseki Outlaws Private Tax Collectors
Edo state governor , Godwin Obaseki , has assured the people of the state of a quick economic recovery in 2017 , even as they announced the prohibition of activities of private tax collectors in the state .
Obaseki , who gave the assurance in their new year broadcast , said they would never betray the confidence reposed in them by the people who elected them governor on 28 , September , 2016 .
While thanking the people , the governor said “ I would like to use the occasion to express my profound gratitude and appreciation to you for overwhelmingly entrusting me with the responsibility to take charge and to steer the socioeconomic and political destiny of our beloved state in the next four years .
“ I am aware of the enormity of the trust and confidence you have reposed in me and by the grace of God Almighty I will meet your expectations . ”
Gov , Obaseki , who ascribed the socioeconomic activities of year 2016 as harsh however , expressed confidence that 2017 would be better for the people of the state .
“ As we reflect on 2016 , we have every reason to be thankful to God Almighty for preserving us and our country . 2016 was a year of challenges , difficulties , excitements and opportunities .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Four people found dead in a South Carolina home Sunday evening were killed in an apparent murder-suicide , local authorities said .
Lexington County Coroner Margaret Fisher identified the victims in a statement as 26-year-old Marissa Hope Reynoso and two of their children , 4-year-old Elijah Chavez and 1-year-old Ezra Chavez . Also dead was 25-year-old Jorge Luis Chavez , who 's believed to be the father of the two children .
The coroner said the bodies were found at around 8 p.m. Sunday .
The Lexington County Sheriff 's Office initially said that Jorge Luis Chavez was a person of interest in the murders and circulated a photo of them on social media . Early Monday , however , the sheriff 's office said the deaths were likely a murder-suicide and they were no longer searching for Chavez .
Fisher said Reynoso had an older child who was n't at the home at the time . The investigation is ongoing .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Israeli media is reporting that police are expected to question Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on a pair of corruption allegations .
A black screen was placed Monday in front of Netanyahu 's official residence in apparent anticipation of the police investigators ' arrival and to obstruct the view of journalists seeking to film them .
Netanyahu has denied what they call the “ baseless ” reports that they received gifts from two business people .
Israel 's Channel 2 TV has reported that Netanyahu accepted “ favors ” from business people in Israel and abroad . It said Netanyahu was the central suspect in a second investigation that also involves family members . It said a criminal probe is expected next week .
An opposition lawmaker is also campaigning for Netanyahu to be investigated over suspicions that donors improperly transferred money for their personal use .
In brief : Scientists search for extraterrestrials and habitable exoplanets based on what we know of life on Earth . But in a breakthrough discovery , researchers found a bacterial species that require only chemicals in the air to survive .
ANTARCTIC BACTERIA
For countless years , scientists and enthusiasts have wondered about the possibility of extraterrestrial life . From grey beings with large , haunting , humanoid eyes to microscopic space bacteria , theories about what might exist beyond our orbit have developed and changed drastically over the years and decades . But , while alien searching has evolved from conspiracy theories to advanced space imaging , there is still much we have to learn before extraterrestrial life could be confirmed . But one new discovery in Antarctica might change the way that we look for aliens , and it could be the key to ultimately finding them .
As described in the journal Nature , scientists have discovered a new bacterium that can survive solely off of chemicals in the air . Discovered in Antarctica , these microscopic organisms can survive off of just hydrogen , carbon monoxide , and carbon dioxide . Taking the term “ extremophile ” to the next level , these microbes can survive in some of the most extreme conditions that exist on our planet . These organisms are so unique that they are opening up the potential for finding alien life because , now that we know organisms can exist off of only chemicals in the air , extraterrestrial life could exist in much wilder circumstances than previously thought .
Lead researcher Belinda Ferrari expanded , “ Antarctica is one of the most extreme environments on Earth . Yet the cold , dark and dry desert regions are home to a surprisingly rich diversity of microbial communities . The big question has been how the microbes can survive when there is little water , the soils are very low in organic carbon and there is very little capacity to produce energy from the Sun via photosynthesis during the winter darkness . ”
ADVANCED ALIEN HUNTING
The conditions necessary for life to exist have evolved as we have grown and learned over time . One of the criteria in considering alien planets as hospitable to life is liquid water . But does the discovery of an organism that essentially survives off of only air change that ?
This research team reconstructed the genomes of 23 microbes and was able to identify two species of previously-undiscovered bacteria known as WPS-2 and AD3 . Living in the soil with other species , these bacteria survive with little sunlight , no geothermal energy , and extremely limited nutrients . As mostly dormant bacteria , these are the first lifeforms every discovered that survive by eating air .
Ferrari explained that “ This new understanding about how life can still exist in physically extreme and nutrient-starved environments like Antarctica opens up the possibility of atmospheric gases supporting life on other planets . ”
While life on other planets might look and be nothing like life on Earth , understanding how life can exist in unusual and never-before-seen circumstances will push us forward to concretely discovering alien life and better understanding where and how aliens are most likely to exist . Exoplanets that once may not have even been candidates to hold life might be re-analyzed to find habitable regions and the potential to hold life . It is apparent that the better we understand life on Earth , the more equipped we are to search for alien life .
`` This Discovery Could Change the Way We Search for Alien Life '' was originally published by Futurism , LLC on Dec. 8 , 2017 by Chelsea Gohd . Copyright 2017 . Futurism , LLC . All rights reserved .
On June 22 , one side of the building collapsed along its entire length . ( Photo source : Chief Billy Mattingly , Bardstown Fire Dept . )
BARDSTOWN , KY ( WAVE ) - Two weeks after a devastating partial collapse at the Barton 1792 Brands distillery , the other half of the facility came tumbling down on Independence Day .
> > DRONE VIDEO : June 22 collapse takes down 9,000 barrels
An estimated 10,000 bourbon barrels came crashing to the ground Wednesday , 12 days after approximately 9,000 barrels were impacted in the first collapse .
Few details were immediately available , but KSP officials confirmed to WAVE 3 News that a Fish & Wildlife officer was dispatched to the facility at 300 Barton Road at about 2:30 p.m. Wednesday .
Fish & Wildlife representatives have been involved since the first collapse since the impacted bourbon ran downhill from the distillery into nearby streams .
PREVIOUS STORY
+ 9,000 bourbon barrels involved in warehouse collapse at Bardstown , KY distillery
Nelson County EMA officials also confirmed Wednesday 's collapse .
Barton 's Facebook page posted Wednesday at about 2:46 p.m. that the facility would be closed for tours for the rest of the day , shown in the screengrab below :
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app : Apple | Android
+ Weather app : Apple | Android
No other information was immediately available .
This story will be updated .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
( Lacy Atkins/The Tennessean via AP ) . In this Monday , April 23 , 2018 photo , Travis Reinking , suspected of killing four people in a late-night shooting at a Waffle House restaurant , is escorted into the Hill Detention Center in Nashville , Tenn. , Monday , ...
( Metro Nashville Police Department via AP ) . In this image released by the Metro Nashville Police Department , Travis Reinking poses for a booking photo on Monday , April 23 , 2018 , in Nashville , Tenn . The mentally unstable gunman suspected of killing four ...
( Lacy Atkins/The Tennessean via AP ) . In this Monday , April 23 , 2018 photo , Travis Reinking , suspected of killing four people in a late-night shooting at a Waffle House restaurant , is escorted into the Hill Detention Center in Nashville , Tenn. , Monday , ...
By SHEILA BURKE , KATHLEEN FOODY and JAY REEVES
Associated Press
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( AP ) - Travis Reinking 's erratic behavior began years before police say they showed up without pants at a Waffle House restaurant and killed four people with an assault-style rifle .
The onetime construction crane operator bounced between states and suffered from delusions , sometimes talking about plans to marry singer Taylor Swift , friends and relatives told police . They were arrested outside the White House last year after asking to speak to President Donald Trump , and their bizarre actions seemed to intensify in recent days with a car theft .
Now Reinking is charged in Tennessee with four counts of criminal homicide . He 's been jailed without bond .
`` He 's a good kid that went off the handle for some reason , '' said Dave Warren , who once worked with Reinking in Colorado .
Former co-workers at Rocky Mountain Crane in Salida , Colorado , told police after the shooting that Reinking as complex .
They did n't drink or do drugs , according to a police report describing the interviews , and they were known as intelligent , polite and an excellent equipment operator . They did n't like the government or the National Rifle Association , and they talked about being a `` sovereign citizen , '' although the meaning of the phrase was n't clear .
What seemed to drive Reinking more than anything was an obsession with Swift , the report said .
Reinking told police - once in Tazewell County , Illinois , in 2016 , and again in Colorado last year - that Swift was stalking him . They were infatuated with them and supposedly purchased a $ 14,000 ring and drove to California to try to meet her , authorities said .
But co-workers also knew Reinking as openly gay , according to the interview notes .
Ken and Darlene Sustrich , the owners of the crane service where Reinking worked for six months , recalled a time when they and other members of a crew were returning to Salida after completing a job . As they passed through the town of Last Chance , Colorado , Reinking quit on the spot .
`` He misconstrued that was their last chance , '' Ken Sustrich said . `` He got super-paranoid , and they quit that day . They said , 'This is my last chance . ' ''
Reinking 's intelligence impressed them . They would sometimes talk about astrophysics , Darlene Sustrich said .
In their last few days at the crane service , they began showing signs of paranoia .
`` You could see something was off with him , but nothing violent , '' Darline Sustrich said . Then came a call from the FBI , saying Reinking had tried to jump the White House fence .
`` We told them , 'Hang onto them if you can . Help them if you can , ' '' they said .
Ken Sustrich told police that they reached out to Reinking 's father with concerns about their son 's mental health . They said the father replied that they were aware of the issues and `` had been recently trying to rekindle their relationship with Travis , '' the police report said .
Back in Illinois last June , a sheriff 's report showed , the younger Reinking barged into a community swimming pool and jumped in wearing only underwear and a pink woman 's coat . That same day , an employee at their family 's business , J & J Cranes , said they emerged from an apartment above the office wearing a pink dress , clutching a rifle and yelling profanities , according to a report .
The sheriff 's department called their father , who was out of state . They told officers that they had taken four guns away when their son was `` having problems '' but later returned them .
Police suggested that Jeff Reinking `` lock the guns back up until Travis gets mental help , '' officer Randy Davis wrote in a report . The father agreed to do so .
When they were arrested at the White House , Reinking was not armed , but Illinois state police revoked their state firearms card at the FBI 's request . Four guns , including the AR-15 used in the Waffle House shooting , were transferred to their father , a procedure allowed under Illinois law . The father said they later returned the guns to their son again , police said .
Signs of paranoid delusions continued : In August , Reinking told police they wanted to file a report about 20 to 30 people tapping into their computer and phone and people `` barking like dogs '' outside their residence , according to a report .
It is n't clear why Reinking moved recently to the Nashville area from Morton , Illinois , and if it had anything to do with being near Swift . The performer has a home in Nashville , though it 's not their only residence .
A representative of Swift did not return a message seeking comment , nor did the public defender appointed to represent Reinking , who has not entered a plea .
Nashville police say they were not aware of Reinking 's past fixation with Swift , but authorities in Music City say they are all too familiar with people being preoccupied with the superstar .
`` You would n't believe how many people are obsessed with Taylor Swift , '' Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson said .
Reinking apparently kept a low profile until recent days .
Alerted to the theft of a BMW from a car dealer last week , officers decided against a risky chase knowing the car had a GPS device and could be located . Police found the vehicle outside Reinking 's apartment , but they did not figure out until after the attack that Reinking had apparently taken it .
___
Foody reported from Denver , Colorado . Reeves reported from Birmingham , Alabama . Associated Press writers Dan Elliott in Salida , Colorado ; Ed White in Detroit ; John Raby in Charleston , West Virginia ; Kristin Hall in Nashville ; and Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , also contributed to this report .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Rick Patrick : Greene Publishing , Inc .
For only the second time in school history , the Warriors of Aucilla Christian Academy ( ACA ) have won the Class 2A District 1 basketball championship . This was accomplished on Friday , Feb. 10 , when the Warriors defeated Tallavana Christian School with a 72-53 final score .
Timothy Finlayson chalked up another double-double , scoring 27 points and snatching 10 rebounds for the Warriors . Gatlin Nennstiel added 15 points for the Warriors . Brandon Bates also had a double-double for the evening , scoring 11 points and grabbing 14 rebounds in the Warriors ' victory .
The Warriors will next host Christ 's Church Academy , from Jacksonville , in the Class 2A Region 1 semi-final game . That game will take place in the ACA gym on Thursday , Feb. 16 . Tip-off is slated for 7 p.m .
ST. LOUIS — Lance Lynn pitched seven shutout innings , Kolten Wong homered and the St. Louis Cardinals stopped a three-game losing streak , beating the Pittsburgh Pirates 2-1 Monday night .
The Cardinals , who had lost six of seven , are 4-9 and still have the worst record in the NL . Pittsburgh had won three in a row before losing in a game that took only 2 hours , 14 minutes .
Lynn ( 1-1 ) allowed three hits and struck out five while walking one . They also hit two batters .
Seung-Hwan Oh worked around an RBI double by pinch hitter Gregory Polanco in the ninth to record the Cardinals ' first save of the season . The last time it took St. Louis 13 games into a season to get a save was 1980 , when Mark Littell closed out the Phillies at Veterans Stadium .
Ivan Nova ( 1-2 ) gave up five hits and no walks in eight innings while striking out three . In 14 overall starts for the Pirates , Nova has four complete games and a total of three walks .
Wong led off the third with a home run that landed in the right-field bullpen .
St. Louis added a run in the seventh when Randal Grichuk singled , stole second , took third on a throwing error by catcher Francisco Cervelli and scored on a single by Jose Martinez .
Trevor Rosenthal pitched a spotless eighth for the Cardinals . Polanco doubled with two outs in the ninth before Oh retired pinch hitter John Jaso on a grounder .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Pirates : Polanco did not start for the third game due to right groin discomfort .
Cardinals : 1B Matt Carpenter did not start . They were hit in the bare hand on a groundout Sunday night against the Yankees . They appeared to damage the nail on their right ring finger .
TRADE
Pittsburgh acquired RHP Johnny Barbato from the New York Yankees on Monday for a player to be named or cash . Barbato , 24 , was optioned to Triple-A Indianapolis , where they will work as a reliever . They were designated for assignment by the Yankees on Wednesday .
STREAKS
The Pirates ' Josh Harrison was hit by Lynn 's pitch in the second inning and in the fourth inning . That marked four consecutive plate appearances they were hit by a pitch . … Pittsburgh 's Andrew McCutchen singled to left in the first inning . They have hit safely in eight consecutive games .
UP NEXT
Cardinals : RHP Mike Leake ( 1-1 , 3.00 ERA ) will make their third outing coming off pitching seven scoreless innings in a 6-1 win at Washington . They are 9-5 with a 3.36 ERA in 28 starts against Pittsburgh .
Pirates : RHP Chad Kuhl ( 0-1 , 2.38 ERA ) will make their third start . The 24-year-old Kuhl is 0-1 with a 6.43 ERA in two career starts against the Cardinals .
SAN FRANCISCO — In another sign of escalating tensions between President Donald Trump 's administration and California , the nation 's top immigration official said Friday their agency will have “ no choice ” but to arrest immigrants who are in the country illegally in California 's neighbourhoods and worksites .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement will also likely have to place immigrants arrested in California in out-of-state detention centres , ICE Acting Director Thomas Homan said in a statement .
Homan 's comments came a day after Gov . Jerry Brown signed bill SB54 , or sanctuary state legislation .
Starting Jan. 1 , police will be barred from asking people about their immigration status or participating in federal immigration enforcement activities . Jail officials only will be allowed to transfer inmates to federal immigration authorities if they have been convicted of certain crimes .
“ Ultimately , SB54 helps shield removable aliens from immigration enforcement and creates another magnet for more illegal immigration , all at the expense of the safety and security of the very people it purports to protect , ” Homan warned .
Federal immigration officials already carry out sweeps targeting immigrants in sanctuary cities and transfer many of their detainees to out-of-state facilities .
In their signing statement , Brown noted the bill does not stop ICE from operating in California . Their office declined to comment further on the ICE statement Friday .
“ They are free to use their own considerable resources to enforce federal immigration law in California , ” Brown wrote .
Democratic Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon , who carried the bill , said Homan 's statement “ exemplifies the fearmongering and lies that guide this Administration . ”
“ The Trump Administration is once again making heavy-handed threats against California because we wo n't help them tear apart families and our economy in the process , ” de Leon said in a statement .
Democratic lawmakers in California have worked to create barriers to Trump 's campaign pledge to step up deportation efforts . They have also approved money for legal assistance and college scholarships for people living illegally in the U.S. , and made it harder for businesses and government agencies to disclose people 's immigration status .
Trump first put the spotlight on sanctuary cities as a candidate in 2015 after the killing of Kate Steinle , who was fatally shot in San Francisco pier by a Mexican national who had been deported five times .
Trump referred to the case several times while campaigning as a reason to toughen immigration policies . The case has frequently been invoked as part of the immigration debate .
They have threatened to withhold federal funding to sanctuary cities , several of which have filed lawsuits to prevent that from happening .
California is home to an estimated 2.3 million immigrants without legal authorization .
Ousted Fox News Channel star Bill O'Reilly has launched an experimental video comeback with a daily online show .
The initial half-hour was posted on their website Wednesday for premium subscribers , originating from what they called a `` new prototype studio . '' They requested input from viewers for what they characterized as a `` sneak preview . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Bill O'Reilly 's firing and the women who made it happen 15:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
They said it would be made available to a non-paying audience on Thursday .
Among other topics , O'Reilly discussed President Trump 's `` fire and fury '' comments about North Korea and a movement that calls for California to secede from the union . They spoke by Skype with political commentator Michael Smerconish .
Related : 'Hey , I Missed You , ' Says O'Reilly in First Podcast
O'Reilly has produced a daily podcast , which this video startup apparently builds upon , since they were fired from Fox News in April in the wake of allegations of sexual harassment .
Pennsylvania 's hunting regulators this week gave preliminary approval to the use of semiautomatic shotguns for deer , bear and elk .
Final approval is set for the the April 23-24 quarterly meeting of the Pennsylvania Board of Game Commissioners .
Only shotgun slugs would be permitted under the proposal , not buckshot .
Semiautomatic , or autoloading , shotguns are now permitted for white-tailed deer and black bear hunting only in Pennsylvania 's Special Regulations Areas . In southeastern Pennsylvania , that 's all of Bucks , Chester , Delaware , Montgomery and Philadelphia counties , and also includes Ridley Creek and Tyler state parks during special controlled hunts . Special regulations also apply to all of Allegheny County in western Pennsylvania .
`` The preliminarily approved proposal would extend this authorization to the remainder of the commonwealth , as well as permit semiautomatic shotguns using single-projectile ammunition for elk hunting , '' the game commission says in a news release on Tuesday 's unanimous vote .
Current firearms regulations permit only manually operated ( pump , lever , bolt-action or single-shot ) centerfire rifles , shotguns and handguns and muzzleloading firearms for deer , bear and elk .
Centerfire rifles and handguns are prohibited for deer and bear hunting in the Special Regulations Areas , where there is no elk hunting allowed .
The move toward statewide big game hunting with autoloading shotguns follows Pennsylvania 's move to permit semiautomatic rifles and airguns for small game and furbearers -- but not big game -- beginning in the 2017-18 license year .
Pennsylvania Game Commission spokesperson Travis Lau said there is no push to extend the prohibition on centerfire rifles and handguns for big game hunting beyond the Special Regulations Areas .
`` I would n't expect hunting with centerfire rifles to go away for a species where it 's allowed now , '' they said Friday .
See what you 'll be able to hunt with semiautomatic rifles in Pa .
Firearms regulations in neighboring New Jersey prohibit centerfire rifles for deer and bear hunting .
New Jersey allows muzzleloading rifles for deer and bear , such as traditional muzzleloaders ( flintlock and percussion ) and modern , in-line muzzleloaders , said Caryn Shinskie , spokesperson for the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection .
New Jersey also permits use of shotguns -- single barrel , double-barrel , pump and semiautomatic -- for hunting deer and bear .
Deer shotgun hunters may use buckshot or slugs in New Jersey , while bear hunters may only use shotgun slugs .
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow them on Twitter @ KurtBresswein . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
CBN Injects $ 418m Into Forex Market
CHANNELS TELEVISION
CBN Boosts FX Supply With Additional $ 180 Million In its continued effort to further lift the Naira , the Central Bank on Tuesday injected another 418 million dollars into various segments of the forex market after it injected 413.5 million dollars on …
and more »
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. ( AP ) — The Jacksonville Jaguars have signed Tommy Bohanon , giving them a fullback on their roster for the first time in three years .
The Jaguars , who are expected to be more committed to the ground game under new coach Doug Marrone , opted not to carry a blocking back the past two seasons . They instead used tight ends and extra linemen in short-yardage and goal-line situations .
Jacksonville also signed receiver Larry Pinkard on Monday , the first day of the team 's offseason program .
Bohanon was a seventh-round pick by the New York Jets in 2013 . They started 14 games in three seasons with the Jets , totaling 20 carries for 67 yards and 17 receptions for 155 yards .
Pinkard signed as an undrafted rookie with Green Bay in 2015 .
Nigeria appoints Timi Dakolo , Mr Eazi as anti-tobacco lead campaigners
Their appointment was to leverage on their influence with young Nigerians .
The post Nigeria appoints Timi Dakolo , Mr Eazi as anti-tobacco lead campaigners appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ghanaian Afro-pop songstress eShun and rapper Flowking Stone have teamed up perfectly to create arguably the most beautiful love song of all , ‘ Someone loves Me ' .
It is produced by Willis Beatz . eShun 's latest single is a classic in the truest sense of the word and is a proof that music is a living organism .
It 's a combination of the perfect fusion of several opposites , combining music 's art of songwriting and the science of beat making .
About eShun
eShun is a talented and beautiful singer and songwriter with a gift of connecting with a wide range of audiences . Them unique approach to melodies , stunning vocals have captured the attention of audiences in Ghana and abroad .
ERIN , Wis. – The Masters has its own soundtrack , the iconic “ Augusta ” tune , with its tinkling piano and strings .
Well , the U.S. Open has a theme song , too – a lot of whining .
Sure , there are minor kerfuffles at every big tournament – these are professional athletes , after all – but overall the criticism seems to be muted at three of the four majors . Maybe there 's an odd choice for a tee here , or a questionable pin position there , but the event goes off without a constant chorus of complainers .
Not so at the U.S. Open , which is always rife with controversy and vitriol .
“ And usually for good reason , ” Brendan Steele said . “ The USGA makes a lot of mistakes . ”
The first balls are n't even in the air yet and Erin Hills , just 11 years old and largely unproven on a big stage , has already come under fire .
No surprise here , since it 's become a rite of June . These are the Many Complaints of the U.S. Open :
“ The USGA is out of control – that fescue is unplayable ! ”
By now you 've seen the videos on social media . Kevin Na tossed a ball into the knee-high weeds just off the fairway and needed a few seconds to actually locate it . Lee Westwood 's caddie , Billy Foster , was nowhere to be seen until they finally emerged , Army-crawling through the tall stuff . ( Hope they checked for ticks . )
The oddest part about the fescue is that , on some holes , players are better off missing the massive fairways by 25 yards , not five . It 's the opposite of the graduated rough concept .
On Tuesday afternoon , the USGA decided to trim some of the rough on four holes , citing a “ prescribed plan ” based on the weather that had blown through and made the fescue lie down and become too dense .
“ Really smart , ” Steele said … or not .
“ Cut the rough ? ! The USGA has gone soft ! ”
Rory McIlroy best summed up player and fan sentiment when they were informed that the maintenance staff was out on the course right then , weed eaters in hand .
“ Really ? ” they said , clearly exasperated . “ We have 60 yards from left line to right line . You 've got 156 of the best players in the world here . If we ca n't hit it within that avenue , you might as well pack your bags and go home . ”
He 's got a point , of course – these are probably the widest fairways we 've ever seen in a U.S. Open . Miss it in there , and there should be some sort of penalty , whether it 's a hack-out , an unplayable or a reload back on the tee .
The perception was that the USGA caved , that they watched the clips online and scaled back , fearing another revolt like at Chambers Bay .
Not exactly , USGA setup czar Mike Davis said : “ It had nothing to do – absolutely zero – with what the players were saying . ”
That prompted plenty of eye-rolling , too .
“ The U.S. Open SHOULD be tough – it 's only once a year ! ”
That 's how many justify the four days of ruthless , emotionally draining competition – that next week , and the week after that , players can go back to their bomb-and-gouge mentality .
There has always been more smiles on death row than at a U.S. Open venue . Players came to the year 's second major expecting the worst and usually got it : a long , narrow course , ankle-high rough , and greens that reacted like concrete and rolled like quartz . Oakmont , Winged Foot , Shinnecock , Pinehurst and Pebble are difficult already , no manufactured punishment necessary .
But even the USGA concedes that its philosophy has evolved . It is in the midst of a rebranding , from the “ toughest ” test in golf to the “ ultimate ” examination . Accuracy , trajectory , spin , curvature , recovery , management , nerves – they 're all part of the ideal Open package .
“ We are never , ever talking about that we have to have even par win or we have to make this as tough as possible , ” Davis said .
And then this : “ I can promise you , if we wanted to make it really tough , we could make it far , far tougher than what we make them at the Open . ”
See , guys – be thankful they have showed restraint .
“ Even par should be the winning score ! ”
Davis insists that even par is not a target score … so it 's purely coincidental , then , that the 72-hole total always seems to creep toward that number .
The winning score has been under par four of the past six years , and that run seems destined to continue this week , with more rain in the forecast and the first par-72 layout at the Open since 1992 . Jordan Spieth , in fact , predicted the winning score will be somewhere between 5 and 10 under . Even more eyebrow-raising was this : “ And I think the USGA will be OK with that . ”
And it should . Even par would be an acceptable winning score if the course was a difficult but fair test . That 's not always the case , as the USGA – which turned a blind eye to golf 's distance boom – has been accused of tricking up the courses to preserve this artificial barrier .
At Merion in 2013 , they shifted the mowing lines for fairways and had par 3s in excess of 230 yards and cut hole locations on ridges and slopes . At Chambers Bay in 2015 , they destroyed the greens the weekend before the tournament and created such a bumpy putting surface that 5-footers became guessing games .
And last year , at Oakmont , they pushed some of the fastest , most undulating greens in America to the edge , and then past it , as Dustin Johnson 's ball moved while they addressed a short putt .
“ If their major pinnacle event for them requires courses to be the way they are , ” Adam Scott said , “ then it does n't set a good example for every other bit of golf that they try to promote . Maybe we should get the numbers out of our heads and try a new strategy . ”
“ Suck it up ! Pro golfers are such babies ! ”
Not quite . The Open has become an excuse to take a flamethrower to the USGA , which gets one chance a year to exert its influence and challenge the world 's best players . Unfortunately , because of their various blunders – confusing rules , faulty setups , unpleasant fan experiences – the blue blazers lost the benefit of the doubt years ago , thus it 's open season on their various tactics .
There 's this aspect , too , according to Steele : “ What 's the worst thing that 'll happen to you if you criticize them ? They 'll put you in the last tee time ? If you get in , you get in . I think that 's why you see guys speaking out a little more . ”
Jack Nicklaus loved when players used to chirp about the course because they could immediately rule them out from contending . In 2017 , would there be anybody left ?
“ Mike Davis is way too involved ! ”
Quick : Name the person who sets up the courses at the Open Championship .
Exactly .
You ca n't . And you should n't .
Too often Davis is front and center , defending their setup choices . As a result , the Open becomes as much about Davis as it does the participants , and that does n't sit well .
And yet , through all of that , the USGA still holds all the power here .
As much as players might complain about the fescue or the setup or the scores , they are n't going to boycott the U.S. Open . They 'll still show up and compete for the silver trophy … even if it 's through gritted teeth .
AC Milan 's fervent activity in the transfer market ahead of the 2017-18 season may be responsible for destabilising the club in Serie A , says CEO Marco Fassone .
After finishing outside of the European places for a fourth successive campaign last season , the Rossoneri embarked a spending spree to bolster Vincenzo Montella 's squad .
Milan spent in excess of €194million as 11 new faces arrived at San Siro , including Leonardo Bonucci , Andre Silva and Hakan Calhanoglu .
It has done little to improve their fortunes , though , with Montella having been sacked as Milan languish in seventh , 16 points behind leaders and city rivals Inter .
And Fassone admits they may have brought in too many players to try and make themselves Scudetto challengers again .
`` The signings ? I 'd do them all again , but that does n't mean we did n't make a couple of mistakes , '' they told Radio Uno .
# UELdraw
We 're going to face @ Ludogorets1945 in the UEFA Europa League Round of 32 !
Nei sedicesimi di Europa League sfideremo il Ludogorets ! pic.twitter.com/dTmMjWD6k2 — AC Milan ( @ acmilan ) December 11 , 2017
`` There are some things we would n't do today , but by that I do n't mean the players .
`` There are some who are performing lower than their own quality , but it seems impossible that Bonucci and [ Lucas ] Biglia wo n't return to the levels of the past .
`` Did we sign too many players ? It 's possible . We did a lot of assessment , and in the end the answer [ sporting director Massimiliano ] Mirabelli and Montella gave me was to make a major change with six or seven players to be kept .
`` There was an awareness that it would be difficult to create a real team in the first few months , we thought we 'd get a lower return in the first part of the season and then rise back up .
`` We 've lost five or six points now that are difficult to recover in terms of fourth place . ''
NOVOKUZNETSK , Russia — Three months ahead of Russia 's presidential election , apathy and disappointment pervade incumbent Vladimir Putin 's heartland .
Alexandra Chekh , a retired kindergarten director , voted for Putin the last time around in 2012 . Now they wonder if they have anything to offer .
“ Change ? If they could do it , they would have done it by now , ” they said . “ If nothing gets done , then maybe we will need a new person . ”
A new person is unlikely — the 65-year-old Putin is the overwhelming favourite in Russia 's March 18 presidential vote . But the dim view taken by former supporters such as Chekh is notable in a city like Novokuznetsk , part of the Kemerovo region in southwestern Siberia where Putin tallied 77 per cent of the vote in 2012 .
The city itself lies 4,500 miles ( 7,240 kilometres ) east of Moscow .
Since that last election , anti-corruption campaigner and adamant Putin foe Alexei Navalny has been able to spread their message far beyond the prosperous and educated urban circles of Moscow and St. Petersburg where their support started . But Navalny is saddled by a fraud and embezzlement conviction — which their supporters view as politically motivated — that will prevent them from running in the presidential race unless he 's pardoned or some other dispensation is made .
Navalny is pressing on , nonetheless . On Saturday , several hundred people showed up at their rally in Novokuznetsk , a city of nearly 550,000 people that is home to coal mines , metals plants and soot-smelling air . Some at the rally came without hats or gloves despite the minus -15 Celsius ( minus -5 Fahrenheit ) temperatures .
Navalny focused on the grievances they have been highlighting throughout the campaign : low pay for state employees , the concentration of wealth in Moscow and the Kremlin 's excessive funding for foreign policy forays .
Official statistics show the region 's average monthly pay as 31,600 rubles ( $ 532 ) , a little under the Russian average . But Novokuznetsk residents think those figures are inflated by officials . When Navalny asked the crowd how much a nurse makes in Novokuznetsk , they shouted “ 10,000 ” or “ 15,000 . ”
If Putin 's 18 years in power have induced apathy and a sense of helplessness among Russian voters , that 's the big issue in Navalny 's view .
Putin has made voters in industrial cities like Novokuznetsk their base , touting stability as the key achievement of their rule . But these days , finding a fervent Putin supporter on Novokuznetsk 's snow-covered streets can be hard .
Of seven residents approached by an AP reporter , only four said they supported Putin . None of them expressed enthusiasm .
A survey by the independent polling agency Levada Center suggests that enthusiasm for Putin is in decline countrywide . It found that 51 per cent of those questioned said they were tired of waiting for Putin to bring “ positive change , ” 10 percentage points higher than a year ago .
Through their canny , energetic use of social media and YouTube , Navalny has done an end-run around Russia 's state-controlled news media , which is the main source of information for people outside of the country 's main cities . Demonstrations called by Navalny this year rattled the Kremlin , not only because of their large turnouts but due to the fact they were taking place in provincial cities throughout the country .
Many of those who showed up at the Novokuznetsk rally say Putin does have support there , but nowhere near as overwhelmingly as the last election figures indicated . The real picture , they say , is distorted by widespread voting fraud .
Navalny told The Associated Press after the rally that they are encouraged by the warm reception they are seeing in Russia 's regions . They say that proves support for Putin in the places that habitually give them 80 per cent of the vote at the polls is “ fiction and falsification . ”
Navalny 's activists all over Russia have been canvassing all year on the streets and going door-to-door to talk to voters , despite threats and intimidation from authorities .
“ If we can hold such a big rally here , with all the pressure and intimidation , it means that we enjoy at least significant support here , ” Navalny said after an hour of posing for photos with rally attendees in Novokuznetsk .
Navalny initially laughed off a question about what is going to happen if authorities — when the presidential campaign officially starts later this month — formally bar them from running .
“ ( The Kremlin ) can not bar me from running if such a big number of people is supporting me , ” they declared .
But they later offered a glimpse into their plans .
“ If they do n't register me , people together with me will not recognize this election and we will boycott this election , ” they said .
A low presidential turnout is something the Kremlin is very wary about .
Fighting apathy is one of the most common theories behind the surprise presidential bid of socialite-turned-journalist Ksenia Sobchak . The 36-year-old candidate has been mildly critical of Putin but faces none of the obstacles that Navalny 's supporters do . Many Russians think their efforts are designed to boost interest in an otherwise bland presidential campaign — a claim that Sobchak absolutely denies .
But Navalny probably does not even need to call for a boycott to bring the turnout even lower , because many residents of the Kemerovo region have already given up on the presidential vote .
Sergei Maslyukov , 40 , watched their daughter slide off a mammoth mound of snow on Novokuznetsk 's main square . They did not go to Navalny 's rally Saturday and has not heard much about the popular activist . They are also disappointed in Putin but sees no viable alternative to the Russian leader .
“ The promises they made . they did not make good on them , ” Maslyukov said . “ What promises ? Do you think average pay in Russia correlates to the prices ? I 'm not going to vote for anyone . ”
Virginia authorities are investigating the death of an Army veteran , paralyzed from the waist down , who was found in their wheelchair outside their apartment complex .
Media outlets report Goochland County Sheriff Jim Agnew identified the man as 38-year-old Paul Chisholm . The sheriff said they showed no signs of trauma other than to their feet , which apparently dragged under their wheelchair , leaving a trail of blood from their apartment . The blood pooled outside other apartment doors , where they may have sought help . A newspaper carrier found their body early Monday .
WWBT-TV reports that Chisholm 's mother said they suffered from post-traumatic stress and was medically discharged after they were injured in Afghanistan , where they served with the 101st Airborne .
The medical examiner was working to determine how they died .
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina — Finance ministers and central bankers of G-20 countries are meeting in Argentina at a summit that has been eclipsed by growing concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump 's import tariffs on steel and aluminum and the potential of a trade war .
Officials are also discussing issues including infrastructure development and the technology behind cryptocurrencies during the two-day meeting that began Monday in the Argentine capital .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin , European Central Bank President Mario Draghi and International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde are among those attending the summit in Buenos Aires .
It is the first of five meetings by finance ministers and central bankers scheduled in advance of a main G-20 meeting in Argentina that will be held Nov. 30-Dec 1 .
2016 has been an amazing year for Docker and the container industry . We had 3 major releases of Docker engine this year , and tremendous increase in usage . The community has been following along and contributing amazing Docker resources to help you learn and get hands-on experience . Here 's some of the top read and viewed content for the year :
Releases
Of course releases are always really popular , particularly when they fit requests we had from the community . In particular , we had :
Docker for Mac & Docker for Windows Beta and GA release blog posts , and the video
Read the entire article here , Top Docker content of 2016
via the fine folks at Docker .
Blazkowicz has since earned a few pet names from their prey ( `` Terror-Billy , '' for instance ) , but years of combat and the horrors of war have left them broken with battle scars -- both physical and mental . Not even their `` schmeckle '' works , apparently . Masculine fragility is a conceit that 's rarely explored in testosterone-driven big-budget video games .
These battle wounds meant that in a demo this week at E3 , I was left guiding Blazkowicz around the warship almost entirely as an invalid . Allow me to explain . Being wheelchair-bound meant that I was very vulnerable . My hands -- usually reserved for holding instruments of mass murder -- were relegated to pushing the wheelchair . Once I found a gun , my movement speed seemed to drop a bit because at that point I was only pushing with one arm while the other held my weapon .
There were even a few brief sections where I was knocked out of the chair and immediately felt helpless . And of course , wheelchairs ca n't go upstairs , which meant as I went deeper below deck the area immediately behind me became inaccessible .
It 's an interesting way of keeping the player on a linear path without it feeling restrictive or claustrophobic . That 's not to say I did n't find myself getting frustrated and traversing the same section over and over because I could n't figure out how to progress . Once I realized that I needed to wheel myself onto a set of gears that would lift me to the next area , and learned how to `` read '' the environment , though , making my way around the ship got easier .
My biggest takeaway is that based on the intro section I played on a PC ( it 's also coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One ) , it feels like the team at Machine Games has been working on this sequel since shipping the last game . Demos can be misleading -- especially at E3 -- but given how The New Order and its expansion The Old Blood turned out , it feels safe to hope that the rest of the game will play this well come October 27th .
Follow all the latest news from E3 2017 here !
Get the Mach newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
It 's another scheme for finding the Romulans or the Borg — and it definitely has some advantages .
The usual approach to looking for alien societies is to scan the skies for signals like radio transmissions or bright , flashing lasers . Either would tell us that someone 's out there .
Lamentably , these schemes have a troublesome drawback : the need for synchronicity between the sender ( aliens ) and the receiver ( us ) . What are the chances that , when our attention is directed to a particular planetary system , their transmitters are aimed our way ? It 's like two pairs of eyes meeting across a crowded casino . It might not happen .
That 's why a detection scheme that does n't depend on synchronicity — like the one proposed in a new paper published in The Astrophysical Journal — has such great appeal . The idea is to hunt for evidence that 's always around — artifacts that might even outlast the extraterrestrials themselves , in the same way that fossilized bones reveal the long-gone dinosaurs . We 've never seen a T. rex , nor heard its roar . But we have no doubt that they once stomped across the landscape .
Maybe we could sniff out our bumpy-headed brethren by examining the atmosphere around their home planet . For example , we might use instruments to look for the presence of chlorofluorocarbons — the woeful result of too much Klingon hairspray .
Sadly , detecting this gas from light-years away is beyond the capabilities of even the biggest telescopes . But there 's another kind of artifact that might be possible to find . Spanish astronomer Hector Socas-Navarro argues in the paper that we might look for artificial satellites around distant planets . After all , satellites are something you might expect any respectable alien society to have .
For us earthlings , satellites serve a multitude of functions , including spying on our enemies , enabling GPS , and furnishing the endlessly fascinating imagery you can peruse on Google Earth .
But one subclass of the 3,000 or so satellites swarming around Earth is particularly useful : the 400 that pirouette around the planet at roughly 22,000 miles above the equator . At that altitude , these so-called geostationary satellites complete one orbit every 24 hours , the same rate at which the Earth spins . Consequently , they appear fixed in the sky . That makes them especially handy for photographing the weather , relaying international phone calls , and beaming down satellite TV .
Now suppose there are aliens out there who are substantially more advanced than we are . Their planet might be orbited by billions or trillions of geostationary satellites instead of our measly 400 . And astronomers might be able to detect this orbiting thicket of space hardware when the planet comes between us and its host star — what astronomers call a transit .
Artistic ( unrealistic ) representation of a Clarke exobelt . Caro Waro / via Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias
If this were to happen , the dimming of starlight caused by the planet would be preceded and then followed by a very slight dimming by its satellite necklace . This would be especially pronounced if we saw the necklace edge-on , which would block out more starlight and thus be more noticeable .
The beauty of this scheme is manifold . To begin with , there 's no synchronicity problem , so the aliens do n't need to make any effort to get in touch . Even if they managed to blow themselves to smithereens millions of years ago , their satellites might still be around to mark their collective grave .
In addition , this approach requires no new telescopes nor even any new experiments . Astronomers would only need to do a careful check of data that 's already been collected in the search for exoplanets .
Despite what you see on TV and in movies , we 're unlikely to meet aliens anytime soon . In fact , we 're not even sure aliens are out there . But Socas-Navarro 's idea of looking for massive satellite swarms is a clever one . Its chances for success may not be great , but it 's easy to try . And there 's no winning this game without playing .
Dr. Seth Shostak is the senior astronomer at the SETI Institute in Mountain View , California and a noted expert on the search for extraterrestrial intelligence .
Arizona Cardinals running back David Johnson was carted off the field in Week 17 , but they have luckily avoided a severe injury .
Not much went right for the Arizona Cardinals in the 2016 season , as the team finished with a 7-8-1 record after being a popular Super Bowl pick in the preseason . Their campaign was n't as disappointing as the Carolina Panthers ' , but the Cardinals finished the year about five fewer wins than where most people predicted them .
Several stars like Carson Palmer and John Brown failed to meet expectations in 2016 , but one player who matched every superlative was David Johnson . After a fantastic rookie season as an all-purpose back , Johnson established themselves as a top-three player at the position and the team 's most important building block going forward .
Yesterday against the Los Angeles Rams , that building block went down with what looked like a severe knee injury . Johnson was carted off the field , and the injury looked gruesome .
Fears of an ACL tear were calmed yesterday , as ESPN 's Adam Schefter reported that Johnson 's ACL was “ intact ” .
Initial tests on Cardinals ' RB David Johnson 's knee showed meniscus damage , ACL intact , per source . MRI on Monday for further clarity . — Adam Schefter ( @ AdamSchefter ) January 1 , 2017
Monday 's MRI has apparently revealed that Johnson is indeed in the clear , because Cardinals head coach Bruce Arians relayed that the running back merely tore their MCL and will not need surgery .
BA says David Johnson has an MCL sprain and that Johnson will not require surgery . — Arizona Cardinals ( @ AZCardinals ) January 2 , 2017
Although the Cardinals season is over , this is fantastic news for both Johnson and the team . A length rehab stint is not easy , and that 's not even factoring in the emotional trauma of suffering a severe injury .
Johnson should pick up where they left off in 2017 as one of the NFL 's brightest stars . This year , they ran for 1,239 yards on 293 carries as a workhorse , catching 80 passes for 879 yards and four touchdowns to boot . It 's fair to say that Johnson was the second-best receiver on the team behind Larry Fitzgerald , and there are several receivers who would be envious of their numbers , including their average of 11.0 yards per reception .
More from NFL Spin Zone
This article originally appeared on
General . By submitting an entry to this contest , brought to you by KPRC Channel 2 ( “ Station ” ) and Houston Ballet ( the “ Sponsor ” ) , the entrant acknowledges and agrees to all of these official contest rules ( “ Official Rules ” ) . NO PURCHASE NECESSARY . Void where prohibited . By entering the contest , entrants agree to waive any right to claim any ambiguity or error in these Official Rules , or the contest itself , and agree to be bound by these Official Rules and by all decisions of the Station , whose decisions are binding and final . Failure to comply with these Official Rules or any contest specific rules may result in disqualification from the contest .
Eligibility . The contest is open only to legal U.S. residents who are 18 years of age or older at time of entry and reside in the local viewing area , and is void wherever prohibited or restricted by applicable federal or state laws and regulations . Employees of Station and Sponsor and their respective parent companies , subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , directors , agents , advertising and promotion agencies , and members of these employees ' immediate families ( spouses , parents , children , and siblings and their spouses ) and those living in the same household with these employees , are not eligible .
How To Enter . Contest begins at 12:00am on May 30 , 2018 . Deadline to enter is 11:59pm June 5 , 2018 . To enter , complete entry form on Click2Houston.com . Entrants must be the registered subscriber of the e-mail or telephone account from which the entry is made . You may enter once during the contest period . Multiple entries received from any person or e-mail address or telephone number will void all such additional entries . Entries generated by a script , macro or other automated means will be disqualified . Entries that are incomplete , illegible or corrupted are void and will not be accepted . All entries become the property of the Station and will not be acknowledged or returned . By checking the relevant box or selection in the registration form , entrants agree that the Sponsor may contact the entrant via email with information about pre-selected goods or services . If you do not wish to receive these materials do not check the relevant box in the entry form . If at any time you do not wish to receive these materials in the future , please use to unsubscribe procedures contained in the email message .
Station will reject and delete any entry that it discovers to be false or fraudulent . The Station will disqualify any entry from individuals who do not meet the eligibility requirements .
Selection of Winners . One potential winner ( s ) will be randomly selected from all entries . Contest winner ( s ) must execute and return any required affidavit of eligibility , release of liability , publicity release and/or prize acceptance form within ten ( 10 ) days of winning or being notified of winning ( sooner for time sensitive prizes ) , or prize ( s ) will be forfeited and an alternate winner may be selected . If a potential winner can not be contacted , fails to sign and return any required affidavit of eligibility , release of liability , publicity release and/or prize acceptance form within the required time period , or if a prize or prize notification is returned as undeliverable , the potential winner forfeits the prize . Station reserves the right to contact all contest entrants to confirm the registration entry . The official registration list will remain the property of Station and will not be distributed to the Sponsor without the specific approval of the contest entrant through the use of the Opt-In check box on the registration form .
Prize . Two tickets to “ Play ” , value : $ 160.00 Unless otherwise stated , all prizes or prize certificates must be picked up at Station ( at the address listed below ) during normal business hours . If the winner of a contest is under the age of 18 , a parent or legal guardian must claim the prize . Winners may be asked to show a photo ID . There will be no substitution , transfer or cash equivalent for prizes , except at the sole discretion of Station , which may substitute prizes of comparable value . The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received . Payments of all federal , state and local taxes related to the award of the prize are solely the responsibility of the winner . The winner may be required to fully complete and submit an IRS Form W-9 for receipt of the prize .
Disclaimer and Representations . Winner ( s ) assumes all liability for any injuries or damages caused or claimed to be caused by their or their participation in the contest and/or the acceptance and/or use of any prize , and releases the Station and Sponsor and their respective parent companies , subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , directors , agents , and employees , from any such liability . Neither the Station nor the Sponsor , nor their respective parent companies , subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , directors , agents and employees are responsible for : the failure of any entry to be received by the Station due to computer failures of any kind , traffic congestion on the internet or at any website , telecommunications , network , electronic , telephone or mobile service outages , delays , busy signals , or any equipment malfunctions or other technical difficulties that may prevent the Station from receiving any entry submission ; entries that are stolen , misdirected , garbled , delayed by computer transmissions , lost , late or damaged ; any injury or damage to the entrant 's or any other person 's computer related to or resulting from participation or downloading any materials in this contest ; or any human errors , any inaccurate transcription of entry information , errors in any promotional or marketing materials or errors in these Official Rules . If applicable , text message and data rates may apply , and the Station is not responsible for any fees incurred by an entrant for any method of entry .
The Station , in its sole discretion , reserves the right to disqualify any person tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Station 's website . Failure to comply with the Official Rules of the contest may result in an entrant 's disqualification and/or forfeiture of any prize or prizes . All decisions of the Station 's management with respect to the contest are final .
Station reserves the right to cancel , terminate or modify the contest if it is not capable of completion as planned , including , without limitation , as a result of infection by computer virus , bugs , tampering , unauthorized intervention or technical failures of any sort , or for any reason whatsoever . The Station reserves the right to make changes in the rules of the contest , including , without limitation , the substitution of a prize of equivalent value , which will become effective upon announcement or posting . If due to circumstances beyond the control of the Station , any event related to the contest or prize is delayed , rescheduled , postponed , cancelled or has a change of venue , the Station reserves the right , but is not obligated , to cancel or modify the contest and shall not be required to award a substitute prize .
Entry constitutes permission ( except where prohibited by law ) to use winner 's name , home city and state , likeness and/or voice for purposes of advertising , promotion and publicity without additional compensation . The winner 's name and city of residence will be posted online and mailed to those who request it .
By accessing these Official Rules or entering the contest on Click2Houston.com , you are deemed to agree to Click2Houston.com 's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .
Winner Announcement . For the name of the winner ( s ) , send a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt within 60 days following the end of the contest period to Station at 8181 SW Freeway Houston TX 77074 , Attn : Contest Winner List , or request it online at Desk @ Kprc.com . Be sure to specify the name of the contest for which you are requesting the list of winner ( s ) .
A rendition of the West Louisville YMCA , scheduled to open in 2019 . ( Source : YMCA )
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - Decisions on which contractors will build the new YMCA on West Broadway are being finalized , according to WEHR Construction and Harmon Construction , who are managing the project .
The new YMCA , scheduled to open in 2019 , is a $ 28 million dollar investment in West Louisville .
The first round of selecting contractors to work on the project drew mixed reactions from neighborhood residents .
A total of 27 bids were submitted from companies within a 10 mile radius of the construction site at 17th & Broadway .
Even with those numbers , some who live in the community are concerned about who will be included in the work to complete the 77,500 square foot facility .
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Ground broken for West Louisville YMCA
+ New YMCA slated for West Louisville
+ JCPS opens new West Louisville Satellite Office
“ We want to make sure that the community gets a good share of working - and helping - to build this YMCA , ” Reverend of King Solomon Missionary Church Dr. Charles Elliot said .
The reverend and dozens of other community members said they welcome the investment , but pray the workforce will be inclusive .
“ We really want to ensure that this project is reflective of the community , ” CEO of TKT and Associates Tierra Kavanaugh-Wayne said .
Kavanaugh-Wayne is the CEO of TKT and Associates , a diversity and inclusion company . Along with the two local construction management groups , TKT was hired to make sure at least 20 % of the contracts will get to minority owned businesses , and that at least 5 % of contracts will go to businesses owned by women .
“ This was n't about setting a goal so low that it could be achieved , but ensuring that the goals were competitive with other projects around the city , ” Kavanaugh-Wayne said .
Sadiqa Reynolds , President and CEO of the Louisville Urban League , said while they understand the community 's concerns , they would like to see all opportunities open to diverse applicants .
“ Black people in this community have been red lined out of opportunities for so long that we are suspicious of anything that is happening in our community and around us , ” Reynolds said .
WEHR Construction and Harmon Construction , who are managing the project , are in the process of finalizing contractors .
Kavanaugh-Wayne said a preliminary decision has been made on 20 bidders . Half of them are minority and women owned businesses .
The construction management group hopes to announce the contractors selected for the first tier of bids by February 15th .
The West Louisville YMCA is expected to open in mid-2019 .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
The popular political debate programme Question Time , is coming to Dunstable .
The BBC show will be recorded at The Grove Theatre on October 19 for a live transmission .
And people from Dunstable and the surrounding area can apply to be part of the audience via the website : bbc.co.uk/questiontime
There are approximately 100 people in the audience who are selected to ensure political balance
Question Time hears from a range of voices and always has representation from the government of the day and the official opposition party , as well as representatives from other political parties . The rest of the panel is made-up of political commentators and well-known public figures .
This is the second time Question Time has visited Dunstable – the last time was in February 2009 with Shami Chakrabarti , Nigel Farage , Theresa May , Will Young and Geoff Hoon on the panel
Chairman David Dimbleby said : “ I am very much looking forward to bringing Question Time to Dunstable . What really matters is that we have a lively audience who want to speak their mind . It 's a chance for Dunstable to get its voice heard not just by politicians but right across the UK . ”
By Joseph Ax
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Minutes after a man set off a pipe bomb strapped to their body in one of New York 's busiest transit hubs , throwing the Monday morning commute into chaos for many , a suspect was in custody , trains were rerouted and throngs of police swarmed the streets .
The massive response exposed the limits of the antiterrorism force the city has built since the deadly attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 . It has learned to respond quickly and effectively to attacks but faces an almost impossible task in trying to thwart every threat , particularly the acts of `` lone wolves '' targeting public places and New York 's vast transit system .
Nearly 6 million people ride New York 's subway each day , entering at any one of the system 's 472 stations - more stops than any other in the world .
That open access is partly what allows U.S. train systems to carry five times as many passengers as airlines but also leaves unique security vulnerabilities , according to a Congressional Research Service report earlier this year .
`` You ca n't search everyone entering a subway system , particularly a system the size of the one in New York , '' said Tom Nolan , a former U.S. Department of Homeland Security analyst who is now a professor of criminology at Merrimack College in Massachusetts .
No one was killed in Monday 's attack , and the person most severely injured was the accused bomber , whom police identified as Akayed Ullah , 27 .
New York state Governor Andrew Cuomo sounded relieved when they told reporters that just three other people had been slightly hurt in the attack .
`` When you hear about a bomb in the subway station , which is in many ways one of our worst nightmares , the reality turns out better than the initial expectation and fear , '' Cuomo said .
They had reason to expect worse : Suicide bombers killed 52 people in on London subways and a bus system in 2005 , 40 people were killed in the 2010 bombing of the Moscow subway and last year 32 died in coordinated attacks on Brussels ' subway and airport .
`` This is a fact of life , whether you 're in New York or London or Paris , '' New York Police Department counterterrorism chief John Miller told reporters . `` It can happen anywhere . ''
DOGS , CAMERAS AND WEAPONS
A network of cameras blankets almost all of New York 's subway system , which sprawls over 665 miles ( 1,070 km ) of tracks . The New York City Police Department uses radiation detectors to search for `` dirty '' bombs , which combine a traditional explosive with radioactive material , said Anthony Roman , a private security consultant who is familiar with NYPD antiterrorism efforts .
Undercover and uniformed police patrol the system , along with bomb-sniffing dogs , random screening posts and heavily armed tactical officers .
The city 's Joint Terrorism Task Force collects intelligence from overseas , and cameras equipped with facial and license plate recognition can help investigators track suspects in real time , Roman said .
But attempting to screen every passenger , as airports do use metal detectors and body scanners , is an impossible task and would only create more opportunities for attacks by causing crowding .
`` They will never be 100 percent , '' Roman said . `` The goal is to prevent and deter the vast majority of events , and for those few that occur , minimize their effect by quick , coordinated , interdepartmental response . ''
The NYPD 's Miller said intelligence had stopped at least 26 plots since 2001 . But the proliferation of so-called `` lone wolf '' attackers , who are self-radicalized and not working with an overseas militant group , has made it harder to do so , experts said .
Both Ullah and Sayfullo Saipov , accused of killing eight people on a Manhattan bike lane with a rented truck in the name of Islamic State , appear to have acted alone , according to authorities .
`` When you have lone attackers , it 's much more difficult , '' said Max Leitschuh , the senior transportation analyst at the risk management and security consulting company iJET International .
Following Monday 's attack , cities including Chicago , Boston and Los Angeles increased security for their mass transit systems .
Ultimately , those efforts are mostly about reassuring the public , said Maria Haberfeld , an expert in police counterterrorism and a professor at New York 's John Jay College of Criminal Justice .
`` You have to accept it , '' said Haberfeld , who served in a counterterrorist unit in the Israel Defense Forces . `` You can only put so many barriers out there before you abandon the idea of an open society . ''
( Reporting by Joseph Ax ; Editing by Scott Malone and Jonathan Oatis )
At least five people have died soon after being fitted with balloons designed to help them lose weight , the Food and Drug Administration said Thursday .
The FDA says it does n't know if the devices or the surgery to implant them is to blame but issued an alert to doctors to closely monitor patients who get them .
“ All five reports indicate that patient deaths occurred within a month or less of balloon placement , ” the FDA said in a statement .
“ In three reports , death occurred as soon as one to three days after balloon placement . At this time , we do not know the root cause or incidence rate of patient death , nor have we been able to definitively attribute the deaths to the devices or the insertion procedures for these devices . ”
Related : Gas-Filled Balloon May Offer New Weight Loss Option
One of the devices is a balloon that can be placed in the stomach and filled with saline water , the Orbera balloon made by Apollo Endo-Surgery . The other is a dual balloon system made by ReShape . Apollo , which says it has sold 277,000 of the devices globally , said it was preparing a statement .
Apollo said it reported the deaths to the FDA . `` There have been five reported deaths of patients who had received the Orbera intragastric balloon in four different countries since Orbera 's FDA approval in August of 2015 , '' the company said in a statement .
`` Apollo self-reported all five cases to the FDA as part of its Global Product Surveillance program . ''
The FDA says it 's looking into two other deaths .
“ The Agency has also received two additional reports of deaths in the same time period related to potential complications associated with balloon treatment ( one gastric perforation with the Orbera Intragastric Balloon System and one esophageal perforation with the ReShape Integrated Dual Balloon System ) , ” the FDA added .
The FDA 's adverse report system is very broad and is not designed to immediately prove a device or drug caused a complication . It is meant to gather information about anything that happens while someone is using a device or drug , or soon after , so that investigators can determine cause and effect .
Related : Balloon You Can Swallow Fights Obesity
`` For the first patient in Brazil , the cause of death was reported to be a heart attack . An autopsy was performed but the final report was not provided to us . There was no evidence provided of a device‐related malfunction or causation in this case , '' Apollo said in its statement .
`` For the second patient in Brazil , the hospital reported that a non‐device related gastric perforation occurred , causing complication and eventual death . ''
Causes of death for a patient in Britain and one in the U.S. were not known , the company said . A patient who died in Mexico had a heart abnormality but it 's not clear what caused the death .
Gastric balloons are among many different devices on the market to treat severe obesity . They aim to reduce how much a person can eat by filling the stomach , closing off part of the stomach or even surgically reducing stomach volume .
The need is great for different ways to treat obesity .
Obesity drugs have not been big commercial successes although several are now on the market . Several drugs were removed from the shelves years ago after they were found to cause problems such as stroke .
Diets are equally bad at helping people keep off the pounds for long periods of time . But surgical procedures to shrink the stomach have been very successful . One study showed the surgery helped people to lose enough weight to reverse their type-2 diabetes .
The American Diabetes Association and other groups have endorsed bariatric surgery as a way to treat type-2 diabetes .
An alleged bribery scheme uncovered by a federal investigation into men 's college basketball continued to widen Wednesday — exposing what college sports experts say is a recruiting system plagued by problems and crying out for reform .
But overhauling a wildly popular sports institution , one that has proven to be a consistent moneymaker for top-tier colleges and coaches , advertisers and bookmakers — bringing in millions upon millions a year — will require sweeping changes that such experts say must start with the NCAA .
One fix that some say could help solve the problem ? Pay the players .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed NCAA bribery scheme : 4 basketball coaches and Adidas executive charged 2:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` There 's this underground network already going on of secret deals and corruption , '' said Marc Edelman , a law professor focusing on sports and gambling at Baruch College in New York City .
`` The most reasonable way to resolve this matter would be to overturn the NCAA principle of amateurism , which would force the compensation of college athletes into an open and above-board market , '' they added , `` one that would be observable and transparent . ''
B. David Ridpath , an associate professor of sport administration at Ohio University , agreed that it 's time for colleges and universities to take a look at compensating student-athletes as a way to protect them from being exploited .
`` They 're kids who are essentially being pimped out by adults so that others can make money , '' said Ridpath , author of the forthcoming book , `` Alternative Models of Sports Development , '' which examines the intersection of athletics and academics .
Related : Louisville Coach Blames a 'Few Bad Apples ' in Scandal
Prosecutors say as much as $ 150,000 was pledged to at least three top high school recruits to attend two universities sponsored by Adidas . The money was allegedly supplied by the shoe company . None of the athletes were identified in court documents .
An Adidas executive and four assistant basketball coaches — representing Auburn University , Oklahoma State University , the University of Arizona and the University of Southern California — were among the 10 people charged on Tuesday .
The colleges have said they were `` shocked '' and `` appalled '' by the allegations . And Adidas said Tuesday that it was `` unaware of any misconduct and will fully cooperate with authorities to understand more . ''
On Wednesday afternoon the fallout deepend : The University of Louisville , which outed itself , said it was putting head coach Rick Pitino on an unpaid suspension and Athletic Director Tom Jurich on paid leave in response to the scandal , although neither was named in the criminal complaint .
Head coach Rick Pitino looks on during a game Dec. 17 , 2016 in Louisville , Kentucky . Joe Robbins / Getty Images
And Louisville said that one student who had enrolled after their family was allegedly paid bribes was removed from team activities .
`` It 's an absolute cesspool , '' Ridpath said of the situation . `` All of this has been an open secret . You know this stuff is going on , but it 's been very easy to hide , to look the other way . ''
Until now . Pitino — Louisville 's leader since 2001 who helped the Cardinals win a national title and is reportedly the country 's highest paid college basketball coach , making more than $ 7.7 million a year — said Tuesday that they were in `` complete shock '' over the bribery allegations and blamed `` a few bad actors . ''
Mark Conrad , an associate professor of law and ethics at Fordham University , said sports fans should n't be surprised by the scandal given how much money flows in and out of the NCAA , in large part because of the Division I men 's basketball and football programs .
College sports take in more than $ 9 billion in annual revenues , according to USA Today . Meanwhile , the NCAA March Madness basketball tournament is worth about $ 10.4 billion in bets , although most of them illegal , the American Gaming Association said this year .
`` The NCAA system works for 90 percent of student-athletes , '' Conrad said . `` Most are at school for an education and the athletic experience , and it works . But when you 're talking about the kind of money and type of pressure and the power of the Adidases and the Nikes , that 's a different story . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pitino and Jurich Suspended Over Basketball Bribery Allegations 1:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Amateurism is a bedrock principle of college sports , the NCAA says , and that means student-athletes ca n't have contracts with professional teams , salaries , endorsements , prize money more than their actual expenses and agent agreements , among other prohibitions .
In exchange , the athletes benefit through scholarships , unlimited meals and modest stipends , the schools say .
In a statement , NCAA President Mark Emmert said the organization continues to have `` no tolerance '' for bribery and if the latest allegations are true , that suggests an `` extraordinary and despicable breach of that trust . ''
Ultimately , whether student-athletes are paid or not , the FBI 's case shows that the NCAA and schools can no longer police themselves , some observers say , and need to outsource their recruitment process in order to regain that trust .
`` Fans ultimately do n't care what 's decided , '' Ridpath said . `` There just has to be integrity between the institution and the student 's education . ''
Amtrak Says Investigation Shows That Gay Man Found Brutally Injured in Rail Yard Jumped from Moving Train : WATCH
Colton Haynes hits on Nick Robinson in a deleted scene from the recent gay teen coming-of-age , coming-out film Love , Simon . The film was released on digital formats yesterday , and arrives on Blu-ray/DVD/4K Ultra HD on June 12 .
New video 🎥 Deleted Bar Scene from # LoveSimon starring Nick Robinson . pic.twitter.com/5qLJxCDSBQ — Nick Robinson Updates ( @ dailynickrob ) May 29 , 2018
In another deleted scene , Nick ( Jorge Lendeborg Jr. ) tries to take Simon to the Atlanta Eagle .
The new Preston County Dog Warden was introduced Monday morning at the Preston County Commission Meeting .
Cameron Radabaugh will be filling the second dog warden position at the Preston County Animal Shelter .
Radabaugh is qualified , trained for the position and ready to take on the role immediately . Radabaugh said they are looking forward to serving Preston County which is their home .
`` Just try to help out the community , help dogs get adopted , cats get adopted . Just try to get them a better life , '' said Radabaugh .
`` It 's going to help us at the shelter immensely and then to boot we just had one of our employees go out for maternity leave also , so we would have been down two people , so this came at the nick of time really , so like I said , he 's trained , he 's ready to go . So it really helps the county out a great deal , '' said Don Smith , Preston County Commissioner .
Radabaugh has former experience of being a dog warden in Monongalia County , and has the training required by the Humane Society .
But that remarkable time may have been less about the shoes than the race conditions .
Dr. Michael Joyner , a Mayo Clinic researcher who predicted that a sub-two hour marathon might be physiologically possible back in 1991 , notes that Kipchoge had help from a team of 30 pacemakers , who helped break the wind . What 's more , the course had no sharp turns , and Kipchoge did n't have to slow to grab drinks because they were handed to them by a cyclist .
“ He might have got a marginal gain from the shoes , but is somebody going to buy them and suddenly magically run 4 percent faster in a real race ? ” Joyner asks . “ Unlikely . ”
A runner 's ability and fitness level — as well as conditions on the course — are of paramount importance . And Joyner , who was not involved in the Colorado research , says that while it makes sense that the plate could give the foot more “ recoil ” when it touches the ground , it 's unclear just how much of a benefit this or any other shoe might provide .
But Joyner does believe the first sub-two-hour marathon could be coming soon — probably in a special exhibition like the one Nike mounted earlier this year . Adidas says it may hold its own “ Sub2 ” event in 2018 or 2019 , and Nike has hinted that it may organize another event aimed at breaking the two-hour barrier .
As for the first official sub-two-hour marathon — run without aids and sanctioned by the International Association of Athletics Federations — Joyner thinks that will come by 2030 . As they put it , “ Everything needs to go perfectly for the right runner on the right course on the right day . ”
Nebraska U-S Senator Deb Fischer will hold a listening session in Omaha this Friday . She 'll be at the Culinary Arts Institute of Metropolitan Community College , at 32nd and Sorensen Parkway , from 11:30 AM to 12:30 PM . F
ischer says they want to offer Nebraskans a forum to share their views and speak directly with them about questions or concerns .
George Gently actor Martin Shaw tells RadioTimes.com why the story had to end the way it did [ SPOILERS ]
* * SPOILERS : DO NOT READ IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN THE FINAL EPISODE OF INSPECTOR GEORGE GENTLY * *
Inspector George Gently did not go gently into the night . In fact they died in style , shot in the back on an empty beach just seconds after delivering the evidence that would expose the authorities for their corruption .
Advertisement
Staggering towards the sea , they saw the figure of their dead wife standing at the shoreline and cried out their final word – “ Isabella ! ” – before sinking to their knees . An MI5 sniper shot once more and Gently plunged face-first into the sand .
Well , we were n't expecting that .
“ I did say to them beforehand , I think it 's very important that George does n't just fade off into the sunset , ” Martin Shaw tells RadioTimes.com , revealing how they asked the team to kill Gently off for good . “ I think they need to go down in a blaze of glory . ”
Shaw spent a decade playing the principled police officer , with DI John Bacchus ( Lee Ingleby ) and later Sergeant Rachel Coles ( Lisa McGrillis ) at their side .
In their final feature-length episode , Gently and the New Age , we saw the Inspector investigate a final case just two weeks before their retirement from the North East Police Constabulary . But as they looked into the brutal murder of this young woman , it became clear they were being used by the authorities for their own ends .
More than ever , they were haunted by the murder of wife Isabella – especially when local MP Michael Clements ( Richard Harrington ) told them the name of the man who actually killed her : Alan Croxley .
And it was secret service agent Croxley who finally gunned Gently down on the beach .
“ We 've come full circle , ” Shaw says . Ten years later , the story is finally complete .
“ The series , the pilot , starts with George walking away from the Met in disgust because they believed – in fact , they knew – that there was a great deal of corruption going on in the Met , ” they explain .
“ But then they found out that the man who had been responsible for killing their wife had moved up north , was moving in on Newcastle , so they decided to go up there and go after him . And because they and their wife never had the chance to have children , they meet this young police officer and they sort of takes them on as if they were their son and the rest , as you know , is history . ”
Discussing the final episode , Shaw tells us : “ He 's giving evidence against the final bench of senior police officers , and he 's recruited by a security organisation , security department of the police force because of their particular knowledge . And he 's investigating a politician .
“ And really they are using George to bring down a politician , and they find out that it 's not as straight as it might be , they carry on against all the odds , and they come and get him . ”
Will people expect such a brutal ending ? Perhaps we should have seen it coming all along .
“ There 's a horrible sort of fatal inevitability about it , ” Shaw explains .
“ Along with the fact that George simply can not come to terms with life without their wife , without the love of their life . And also he 's made justice and truth their life . And having been a very committed soldier during the war where they were used to giving up their life , you know , the prospect , the possibility , of giving up their life for what they believed in – I think it 's just a natural step for him . ”
But while this may be the final episode of Inspector George Gently , at least it does n't leave us without a sliver of hope .
As John and Rachel pour out the whisky and raise a toast to the “ Gov ” , they come to a decision : they 'll devote themselves to finding the evidence and exposing the truth . After all – it 's what George Gently would have done .
Advertisement
What did YOU think about the Inspector George Gently ending ? Have your say…
Helen George returns to the small screen , but only on the big screen ...
Nurse Trixie Franklin has made a surprise appearance in the Call the Midwife series seven finale – but she 's not back in Poplar quite yet .
Advertisement
As a flickering home video of Trixie ( Helen George ) flashes up on the cinema screen at Sister Monica Joan 's birthday party , a huge cheer goes up . Nonnatus House 's troubled midwife looks healthy and happy as they recover from their alcoholism next to the Mediterranean .
Grinning beneath their wide-brimmed straw hat , they present a sign saying “ Happy birthday ! ” – before holding up another exciting message : “ See You Soon . ”
Is Trixie returning to Call the Midwife ?
Yes ! Trixie has a six-month leave of absence from Nonnatus House after falling off the wagon earlier this series , but after their six months are up they are expected to return to London and a life of blue dresses and red cardigans . So we can fully expect to see them in series eight of Call the Midwife .
Speaking at a screening in London before Christmas , George said : “ It 's exciting because the BBC have commissioned another series and we ca n't believe after this many years that there will be series eight , which is madness . Longest relationship I 've ever had ! ”
The reason for the actor 's absence was , of course , so they could give birth to their own baby – a daughter called Wren . After several episodes where the show 's directors came up with creative ways to hide the baby bump , George disappeared off screen for a few weeks , only reappearing for this one final moment in the series finale .
But what will happen when Trixie comes back Poplar ? Will they be able to stick with sobriety when they return to the stresses of work and everyday life ? And will they reunite with Christopher ?
Advertisement
Bring on series eight .
PENN & TELLER : FOOL US – Monday , December 11 , 2017 at 8pm on CW50 – WO N'T GET FOOLED AGAIN – Aspiring magicians are invited to perform their best trick to try and fool the world-famous team of Penn & Teller , who will get to see the trick only once and have to immediately try to work it out . Anyone who succeeds wins the right to perform with Penn & Teller in their celebrated show at the Rio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas . The live studio audience and the TV audience watch along with Penn & Teller as they try to figure out the secrets . The magicians featured in the episode include Javi Benitez , Mike Bliss , Ekaterina and Ran Gafner . Alyson Hannigan ( “ How I Met Your Mother ” ) serves as host ( # 408 ) . Original airdate 9/28/2017 .
The Normandy High School Band provided the beat and Mother Nature brought on the heat , as hundreds gathered on the St. Louis riverfront Tuesday morning to celebrate the opening of the new museum and visitors center at the Gateway Arch .
The ribbon cutting marked the final stage in a five-year project to revitalize the Arch grounds . Speakers emphasized the public-private partnership that planned and funded the $ 380 million project .
`` For the first time in National Park Service history , a local population chose to tax themselves , '' said Cardinals Hall of Famer Ozzie Smith , who served as master of ceremonies for the event . They praised St. Louis city and county voters for passing a sales tax to support the project .
U.S. Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke called the partnership a model and commended the cooperation between the National Park Service , city and state officials and civic organizations .
`` Our park system is for the benefit and enjoyment of the people , '' Zinke said . `` And we need , as a park and a government , to get back to working for the people . ''
They reminded the crowd that the plaza where guests were seated was constructed over Interstate 44 to better connect the Arch with downtown St. Louis . Gateway Arch National Park now expresses the majesty of the nation 's tallest monument , they said .
Missouri 's two U.S. senators both attended .
Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill told those gathered that the Arch project is positive news for everyone .
“ When everyone wants to talk about how government stinks , let me say , 'This is how it 's supposed to work , ' ” they said .
McCaskill said it took teamwork from the federal government and National Park Service to clear red tape , the Missouri Department of Transportation 's work on building the `` lid '' over the interstate and the efforts of local government in making everything happen on schedule .
`` And maybe , most importantly , the people of the St. Louis region , both the city and the county saying , ‘ Yeah , we want to tax ourselves a little to make sure we take care of our crown jewel — the Arch , ' ” McCaskill said .
Republican U.S. Sen. Roy Blunt spoke about overcoming concerns of the National Park Service in the early years so that the partnership could develop .
“ I think , initially there was a lot of you at the Park Service [ who thought ] ‘ Well , that means private and local money and the same kind of decision-making that we always had , ' '' they said . `` But fortunately for us , we had representatives of the Park Service that wanted to understand that this was n't the way that was going to be if this was going to work here or anywhere else . ”
After the ribbon cutting , the Normandy High School Band led a procession to the northern edge of the Arch grounds for a festival including music and food trucks at a new public gathering space that replaced a parking garage .
Vanessa Robinson Keith of Creve Coeur was among the visitors who braved the sultry 90-degree heat to observe the ribbon cutting and visit the museum . They described the Arch with pride .
`` It 's something we offer the nation and the world , '' they said .
Follow Mary and Abigail on Twitter : @ MaryDLeonard ; @ AbigailCensky
Here are President Donald Trump 's full remarks Monday , when they condemned hate groups such as the KKK `` repugnant . '' The speech came two days after the president was hit with widespread criticism for not more clearly denouncing the deadly violence , but rather speaking out against `` many sides '' involved .
Thank you . I 'm in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform . We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker . And it 's about time .
Our economy is now strong . The stock market continues to hit record highs , unemployment is at a 16-year low , and businesses are more optimistic than ever before . Companies are moving back to the United States and bringing many thousands of jobs with them . We have already created over one million jobs since I took office .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Trump 's Updated Response to Charlottesville Attack 3:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
We will be discussing economic issues in greater detail later this afternoon , but , based on the events that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville , Virginia , I would like to provide the nation with an update on the ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone .
I just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions . The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others . To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend 's racist violence , you will be held fully accountable . Justice will be delivered .
As I said on Saturday , we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry , and violence . It has no place in America .
And as I have said many times before : No matter the color of our skin , we all live under the same laws , we all salute the same great flag , and we are all made by the same almighty God . We must love each other , show affection for each other , and unite together in condemnation of hatred , bigotry , and violence . We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans .
Racism is evil . And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists , and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans .
We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal . We are equal in the eyes of our Creator . We are equal under the law . And we are equal under our Constitution . Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America .
Two days ago , a young American woman , Heather Heyer , was tragically killed . Them death fills us with grief , and we send their family our thoughts , our prayers , and our love .
We also mourn the two Virginia state troopers who died in service to their community , their commonwealth , and their country . Troopers Jay Cullen and Burke Bates exemplify the very best of America , and our hearts go out to their families , their friends , and every member of American law enforcement .
These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation . In times such as these , America has always shown its true character : responding to hate with love , division with unity , and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice .
As a candidate , I promised to restore law and order to our country , and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge . We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear . We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans , and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams in their hearts , and to express the love and joy in their souls .
Thank you . God bless you . And God blesses America . Thank you very much .
Preston boss Alex Neil hopes their ‘ whippet ' Tom Barkhuizen is now back to full speed after a difficult spell .
Barkhuizen netted their fifth goal of the season in Tuesday night 's win over Nottingham Forest at the City Ground .
Tom Barkhuizen has recovered from their recent illness
They also displayed a good turn of pace down the wing , something which had been missing from their game of late .
Do n't miss the latest football transfer news and gossip from leagues in England , Scotland and Europe with footballwire.co.uk
Neil put Barkhuizen 's dip down to illness which dogged them for a few weeks .
The signs are that they are back to good health , a boost for North End as they look to keep pace with the play-off chasing pack .
“ A lot goes on behind the scenes of a football club which people do n't know about , ” Neil told the Post .
“ Tom , for the best part of a month , has been ill .
“ That is why I have used them more sporadically in the last few weeks and not quite as often as I did .
“ It was n't anything to do with form because they have been a key performer for us .
“ Tom lost two kilos and if you look at him , they are like a whippet and ca n't afford to lose anything .
“ We 're trying to put weight on them more than anything .
“ He 's not been well and has had blood tests done to make sure they are okay because they were fatigued after games , which was unusual .
“ Thankfully it looks like the illness is going away now and we are getting the best out of them – I hope that continues . ”
Until last month 's 1-1 draw at Millwall , Barkhuizen had started every Championship game this season .
Even at The Den , they came on as a half-time substitute .
The week before in the FA Cup at Wycombe , Barkhuizen had been left on the bench .
In the fourth round against Sheffield United last week , they were a substitute as Neil sought to give them a breather .
Said Neil : “ We demand a hell of a lot from some of the lads and Tom is one of them .
“ He churned out six games in 24 days which might not sound a lot to some people but it is , at the intensity these lads are going at .
“ Tom is running at a high intensity for 90 minutes and gets through a lot of work . ”
Barkhuizen played on the left wing at Forest , their goal a header from a Paul Gallagher corner .
On the other flank was new boy Billy Bodin who opened the scoring with their first goal in a Preston shirt .
Neil was impressed with Bodin 's performance .
They said : “ Tuesday night was Billy 's best game for us .
“ The lad got their goal and earned us the penalty for the third goal .
“ Billy has real quality with their left foot when they track inside from the right-hand side .
“ It 's been a big move for them here as they have come from a different part of the country , they have moved their life up here . ”
Mental Walls کالم نگار | Mowahid Hussain Shah
World War II hastened the breakup of colonial empires , expediting decolonization , and ushering in US hegemony . 9/11 was a seminal defining event . It created a dividing line , which can now be used to characterize events as pre-9/11 and post-9/11 .
On September 1 , 1939 , when Hitler crossed into Poland , it ended one world and ushered in another world , with its vast repercussions . September 11 , 2001 ended ease of travel . Trust fell by the wayside , replaced by insecurity , fear , paranoia , suspicion , and hate .
21st century Europe was envisioned to be a borderless world , but what to do with deeply embedded mental walls in the mind ? Muslims are too deeply rooted through their historical presence in Europe 's past and , in its present , comprising a sizeable segment of Europe 's citizenry , to be bullied or expunged .
The city of Nice at the French Riviera has been a favoritewatering hole of British aristocracy , for its soothing climes and its Mediterranean breezes on the south of France . It 's hard to visualize that Tunis is just over a 1-hour flight from Nice , across the Mediterranean , and that in 1543 , the legendary Muslim corsair , Hayreddin Barbarossa , pillaged the city . Even today , the area 's medieval castles are reminders of the fear of fending off Muslim invaders .
A 20-minute ride from Nice is the principality of Monaco . In it , is the opulent Monte Carlo casino , made famous by James Bond movies . It 's also known for Arab potentates squandering their wealth into corrupt futility .
Alongside the French Riviera , presence of Algerian-origin and Tunisian-origin Muslims is ubiquitous and , despite the long hours of Ramazan , many there observe the fast.Their omnipresence is similar to the Turkish presence in Germany . Algerian-origin soccer legend Zidane became a national hero in France when their headers led to victory over Brazil in 1998 , in the World Cup Final in Paris . Today , aficionados consider them as the greatest ever soccer player . On June 3 , as manager of Real Madrid , Zidane 's team beat Juventus to retain the Champions League trophy , the first team in 27 years to do so .
Travel has turned into a torment . In the post-9/11 world , there are rigorous airport screenings , intrusive pat-downs , shoes off , belts off , painstaking scrutiny of carry-on contents , checked bags being opened . Gratuitous insults have n't worked and wo n't work .
What is wrong with trying an alternate route ? For example , making a good-faith effort of tackling Palestine and Kashmir to recede militancy and to give respect and salience to Muslims in the West .
Hatred and bigotry can infect quickly and spread fast . Witness the anti-Muslim rallies across the United States on June 10 , with its incalculable damage to the American brand .
The answer to a protruding nail is not always the hammer .
General Stanley McChrystal , who was US Commander in Afghanistan , delineates this very point , as cited in the June 22 , 2010 `` Rolling Stone '' story ( recounted , too , in the 2017 movie , `` War Machine '' , loosely based on their character ) that led to their firing by President Obama : '' 'It 's insurgent math … for every innocent person you kill , you create 10 new enemies . ''
Politicians , however , profit from building walls .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average opened sharply higher on Monday after deescalating tension with North Korea eased pressure on markets .
With futures indicating a strong start to the week , the Dow quickly soared by over 140 points after the opening bell , with the S & P up by 14 points .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Guam , Japan prepares for possible missile strike amid North Korea tension 2:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` What we 're seeing is a bit of a relief rally , '' Peter Cardillo , chief market economist at First Standard Financial , told CNBC . `` The reason for that is the rhetoric has toned down , for the moment . ''
Over the weekend , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense James Mattis penned an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal that sought to clarify the extent to which diplomatic solutions with Pyongyang would be pursued . The authors wrote of Donald Trump 's administration 's “ peaceful pressure campaign ” and “ diplomatic approach ” to North Korea 's denuclearization , while noting the regime 's “ dishonesty ” and “ repeated violations . ”
Although markets are constantly trying to anticipate , historically there is `` relatively little volatility when it comes to stock market and North Korean provocations , ” Kent Boydston , a research analyst at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , told NBC News .
Related : Wall Street Is Taking Note of Trump , Kim War of Words
The rebound in equities reflects renewed confidence in assets and the global economy in general , including data from Japan that showed economic growth at 4 percent , marking that nation 's longest growth streak since 2006 .
WINTER HAVEN , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Ruth Stobbe , 89 , is heartbroken after their sentimental gold cross necklace vanished while they were admitted in Winter Haven Hospital .
“ I 'm very sad about my necklace , ” Stobbe said . “ It was important to me . ”
The necklace is so important to Stobbe because their late husband , Richard , gave it to them more than 50 years ago . They say they never took it off after they clasped it around their neck – not even once .
“ I did n't want to take it off because they are the one who put it on , ” Stobbe said .
When they had x-rays at the hospital , they held the necklace chain in their mouth , and x-rays they turned over to the police show that .
Stobbe claims someone at the hospital took their necklace and Winter Haven Police tell Better Call Behnken that they believe there was a theft , however the investigation did not prove that .
So , for now , the investigation is “ administratively closed . ”
Captain David Castle , of the Winter Haven Police Department , said they hope new evidence will emerge .
“ We would love to get this necklace back , ” they said . “ We know how much it meant to this woman . ”
Stobbe blames their nurse in the cardiac unit
“ She said that everything looked so jammed around my neck , they were going to straighten it out for me , and a few minutes later , I felt the necklace slide off , ” Stobbe said .
Angel Neubrand , spokesperson for Winter Haven Hospital , said hospital staff was “ heartbroken ” to hear of the missing necklace and looked everywhere for it .
“ We are heartbroken , ” they said . “ We tried to find it . ”
As for the theft allegation , Neubrand said the hospital would consider a settlement agreement with Stobbe , if theft is proven , but so far that has not happened .
They said the hospital recommends patients leave valuables at home when they come to the hospital .
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW :
Today is America 's birthday , which means it 's time to party .
This year , the Fourth of July landed on a Wednesday and sort of crept up on us .
If you find yourself hosting a party tonight but do n't feel at all prepared , fear not , because `` Good Morning America '' teamed up with the DIY lifestyle team at Brit + Co to round up some last-minute party hacks that are sure to take your Fourth of July bash to the next level .
Plus , for those who only fire up the grill once or twice a year , we tapped a few female grill masters to share some of their wisdom . Here are some of their top tips and tricks to keep in mind if you are planning on grilling today .
So round up your friends and family , fire up the barbecue , and get into the patriotic mood with these easy ways to throw the ultimate party in the USA .
Light it up with these DIY starred-and-striped candleholders
Brit + Co
There 's a ridiculously easy way to create some last-minute holiday decor for your July Fourth bash , using items you likely already have around the house or can easily acquire .
What you need : Mason jars , red , white and blue spray paint , 1/4-inch masking tape and star-shaped stickers .
The end results look like something straight out of Pinterest .
Create last-minute patriotic attire from head to toe
Brit + Co
Ca n't find anything red , white and blue in your closet today ? Do n't worry -- `` Brit + Co '' has a step-by-step guide for how to create some patriotic garb with a regular T-shirt , jean shorts and white sneakers you likely already have lying around the house .
Brit + Co
First off , transform a simple white T-shirt into a stars-and-stripes tee in less than 10 minutes with this DIY guide .
What you need : Their template , a white tee , iron-on transfer paper , an iron , scissors and a piece of cotton fabric . Follow Brit + Co 's ten minute , step-by-step guide on how to make the festive T-shirt here .
Next , a super simple way to upgrade your plain denim shorts or plain white sneakers into festive Fourth of July party wear is to use some fabric paint .
Brit + Co
What you need : Plain denim shorts , plain white sneakers , fabric paint in assorted colors , a large paintbrush and a small detail paintbrush .
Brit + Co
Follow Brit + Co 's patriotic patterns for your shorts and shoes here .
Make a rocket pop pinata
Brit + Co
Nothing says summer like the classic red , white and blue rocket popsicles that have become a Fourth of July party staple over the years .
Use the iconic design as an inspiration for a fun pinata to take your party to the next level .
Making a pinata from scratch is actually way easier than it sounds and is sure to be a crowd-pleaser .
What you need : Red , white and blue crepe paper streamers , two 3-foot tall pieces of cardboard ( can easily use a couple of old boxes ) , scissors , liquid glue , marker , a box cutter and masking tape .
To learn how to put it all together , click here .
Make your party pop with homemade confetti poppers
Brit + Co
The Fourth of July is all about fireworks . While handheld fireworks or sparklers are fun , if you are hosting a party with children , or live in an area with strict firework restrictions , then these confetti poppers are the perfect fun alternative to make your party pop .
What you need : Origami paper , glitter , cake push pops , scissors , spray paint and permanent markers .
Grilling tips from female grill masters
Longhorn Steakhouse
While many view grilling as a man 's terrain , these boss female grill masters are proving that misconception wrong . Here , two female grill masters shared their top tips to remember when firing it up outside this Fourth of July .
Michelle Cerveny , 30 , of Canton , Ohio , beat out 5,000 grill masters to win the Longhorn Steakhouse Steak Master Series Championships this year , becoming the first woman to do so .
`` A lot of people are intimidated by the grill , I think people need to treat it like it 's another appliance in their kitchen , only its outside , '' they told `` GMA . ''
Make sure your grill is 'super clean '
Cerveny said their number one tip is to `` make sure your grill grates are super clean . ''
`` A lot of people do n't take the time to scrape them off or clean it off , '' they said , adding that this rookie mistake can have a big effect on taste .
Use fresh , not frozen meat and season heavily
Next , Cerveny says to be sure everything you put on the grill is `` always fresh and never frozen . ''
Finally , when grilling , they recommend to not shy away from seasoning .
`` A lot of people are scared of using too much seasoning , '' they said . `` But I always recommend to boldly season what you put on the grill , a lot of the seasoning will fall off through the grates . ''
Cerveny will be operating a Fourth of July grill hotline , similar to Butterball 's Thanksgiving turkey-cooking hotline , to answer any questions that might arise when you fire up the grill today .
Use your grill to do some baking
Courtesy Christie Vanover
Christie Vanover , the founder of Girls Can Grill , told `` GMA '' that one tip many people do n't know about is that you can also double up and use your grill for baking .
This is especially handy if you did n't get a chance to make desserts ahead of time and do n't have time to run in and out of the kitchen .
`` In order to bake on a grill , you need to distance your cookie sheet or muffin pan from the heat source , '' they told `` GMA , '' adding that this will ensure the bottoms of whatever you 're making do n't burn .
`` To do this , place a pie tin , metal pan or veggie grill basket on the grill grate , and then place your baking sheet on top , '' they said .
You can get Vanover 's original recipe for grilled cupcakes here .
Courtesy Christie Vanover
Use foil to clean your grill grates
Another tip they had is that if you do n't have a grill brush but need to clean your grill grates , an easy substitute is to 'crumble foil into a ball to make a grill cleaner . ''
Simply rip off a sheet of foil , ball it up , and scrape it along the grill grates .
'The foil will mold in between the grates to clean leftover residue , ' they said . `` And it 's sturdy enough to hold up for the toughest messes . ''
Use winter gloves to make pulled pork
Courtesy Christie Vanover
Finally , if you are making pulled pork this summer , Vanover recommends using winter gloves with latex gloves over top to protect your hands .
`` The winter gloves will keep your hands from burning , while the latex gloves will keep your winter gloves clean , '' they added . `` I prefer pulling pork by hand because it allows me to feel the meat and separate out any fatty pieces . ''
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Ryan Hudspeth redevelops affordable housing in rural areas . They said the work is especially rewarding because they grew up in affordable housing . They lived in the unfavorable conditions that often surround the neglected units in Tahlequah .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
America 's biggest business group is warning the Trump administration that a withdrawal from the North American Free Trade Agreement would be a `` political and economic debacle '' that would cost hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs .
The Latest on a Hawaii man charged with murder after police found their mother 's body parts in a freezer ( all times local ) :
12:50 p.m .
The public defender for a Hawaii man accused of killing their mother and stuffing their body parts in a freezer is asking for a Mandarin interpreter for their next court date .
Yu Wei Gong did n't speak during Monday 's brief court hearing . Deputy Public Defender Diamond Grace requested the interpreter for a preliminary hearing scheduled for Wednesday .
Gong has been charged with second-degree murder . Court documents say they called 911 on April 11 saying “ I killed my mom. ” When officers arrived at the Waikiki apartment and could n't find their mother , they told them they were “ in the fridge , ” according to an affidavit supporting an arrest warrant . An officer found body parts in the freezer .
Gong told officers they accidentally killed their mother in September after they became angry when the 26-year-old said they did n't want to go to school .
___
9:20 a.m .
A Hawaii man is accused of killing their mother and stuffing their decapitated head and dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the refrigerator freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared .
Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second degree murder , and they were expected to make their initial appearance in court Monday .
According to the state 's complaint filed against Gong , they called police April 11 , saying , “ I killed my Mom . ”
When officers arrived and could n't find their mother , they told them they were “ in the fridge , ” the complaint says .
An officer looked in one of the bags in the freezer and found the body parts .
Gong told officers that they accidentally killed their mother in September after they became angry when the 26-year-old said they did n't want to go to school .
Even though December 2016 was the wettest month since 1992 , the Kinneret ( Sea of Galilee ) is the lowest it 's been since January 2012 . Currently , the Kinneret needs another 60 centimeters of rainfall until it reaches the lower red line .
During the month of December , the Kinneret rose 24 centimeters . While this was certainly significant , it was not an unusually high amount . Most of the water came from rivers which overflowed and ran into the Kinneret , from the northern lakes as well as from the northern coastline . As stated , the amount of water dumping into the Kinneret was the highest recorded since 1992 .
In total , Israel receivd 113 % of its annual rains during the months of September-December 2016 . However , it is not enough .
The Kinneret 's current level is -213.60 meters , which is 60 centimeters below the lower red line . It needs another 4.80 meters until it fills the lake entirely and reaches the upper red line .
In addition , the Dead Sea 's level dropped 13 centimeters , measuring at -413.07 meters . During the same period last year , the Dead Sea dropped 16 centimeters .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Brighton and Hove Albion chief executive Paul Barber has criticised Sussex Police following the recent match with Crystal Palace .
The first derby between the two sides in the Premier League was marred by crowd trouble , with two flight attendants injured , and more than 100 Palace fans with tickets left waiting in the cold outside after the gates were shut following reports that a small number of ticketless fans had forced entry at the Amex Stadium .
A number of pyrotechnics were also set off inside the stadium , and the fans left outside were eventually shepherded back to Falmer train station .
But Barber has defended the actions , saying that they were `` entirely satisfied '' that the decision to close the stadium gates to prevent further potential disorder and to protect those inside the stadium was `` the correct call . ''
However , they have been critical of Sussex Police , who apologised last week for inaccuracies in an original statement , which stated that Palace fans travelled to the ground with knives and knuckledusters .
But in a statement released last week , the police force said that no such items were found either at the stadium or in Brighton , and that the information was based on information logged by officers on the night `` in good faith . ''
And Barber ( pictured , below ) has written in a column in The Argus to express the club 's `` extreme disappointment '' in the various communications from the police .
`` To be clear , the original Sussex Police statement on fan-related disturbances was released without our approval - but we trusted it and took it at face value , '' they wrote .
`` However , when we learned of the inaccuracies contained with the statement , we drew them to the attention of Sussex Police immediately .
`` We have since made very clear , and in the strongest possible terms , our extreme disappointment with various communications from Sussex Police leading up to , immediately after , and since Crystal Palace 's visit to the Amex . ''
Barber said they hoped the force would learn lessons from the mistakes made , while they confirmed why Palace 's allocation for the upcoming FA Cup clash would be 2,000 tickets , following advice from the Safety Advisory Group .
`` We would much prefer to be in a position to grant Palace supporters their full allocation , '' they said .
`` It would make for a better atmosphere and , from a business point of view , it would likely lead to a bigger overall attendance and increase revenue .
( Image : Gareth Fuller/PA Wire )
`` Sadly , given the mindless behaviour of a minority outside the stadium during our last meeting , granting a full allocation of tickets simply is n't possible . ''
In addition , they explained why the cup clash would be held on a Monday night , despite Palace recently expressing their surprise and disappointment at the timing of the game .
`` It is common knowledge that our stadium travel management plan relies on a large number of public transport services , as part of planning permission for the stadium , but we have hosted matches in similar or worse situations .
`` However , given the enhanced profile of this fixture , and the potential flash points , without rail services available to get supporters of both clubs in and out of the stadium , this would have further added to the challenges already being faced .
`` Yes , with a full rail service , a Sunday morning or lunchtime kick off would have been the preferred option , but without that option it is clear that the Monday night , with live TV coverage for those unable to secure a ticket , is the best option . ''
Why it matters to you With future missions taking spacecraft and humans further away from Earth , faster communications will be vital to their success .
With all the technology needed to look after astronauts on the International Space Station , and get rovers trundling over the dusty surface of Mars , you 'd have thought scientists would 've sussed out how to get a high-speed “ broadband ” connection up and running long ago .
Boosting data-transfer speeds beyond the current trickle of a few megabits a second — described by NASA as “ a pittance even by dial-up standards ” — would allow researchers to “ gather science faster ” and study events in space in a more timely fashion . It could also speed up the process of getting video back to Earth shot with cameras on faraway planets .
The good news is that scientists believe they 're on the verge of what they 're calling “ a broadband moment , ” with laser technology set to increase data-transfer speeds by up to 100 times in the next few years .
NASA explains that for the last 60 years or so , it 's been using radio waves to communicate with spacecraft . However , developments in optical communications , in which data is beamed over laser light , present new possibilities for much faster transfer speeds .
In addition , as space missions start to cover greater distances and therefore move further away from Earth , the laser technology offers the added value of being able to focus on locations with pinpoint precision , thereby improving the reliability of communications .
“ Laser technology is ideal for boosting downlink communications from deep space , ” said Abi Biswas , the supervisor of the Optical Communications Systems group at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California . “ It will eventually allow for applications like giving each astronaut their or their own video feed , or sending back higher-resolution , data-rich images faster . ”
But a number of challenges remain . For example , the relevant ground infrastructure is yet to be built , and the facilities will need to be set up in places where the skies are usually clear because clouds , as well as other atmospheric conditions , can interfere with the lasers .
More : Get your Sagan on with these 30 awe-inspiring photos of the final frontier
NASA offers an example of the effectiveness of its laser technology : The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter currently sends science data back to Earth at a mere 6 Mbps maximum . However , the laser setup could increase the maximum data rate to 250 Mbps , the kind of speed that could significantly transform space-to-Earth communications .
NEW YORK — Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities .
Sometimes it 's because they want to expand the opportunities for people who have talent and skills but ca n't find jobs .
The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 per cent , more than twice the national average .
Miles Thornback got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa , California . The owners heard that Thornback , who has cerebral palsy , had spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets .
Business owners do need to make reasonable accommodations if employees need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs .
CRESTVIEW , Fla. — A Florida man arrested for destroying a liquor store under construction told police they were Alice in Wonderland and that a “ hookah-smoking caterpillar ” ordered them to attack the site .
Crestview police said in a post on Facebook that Matthew Horace Jones is accused of breaking into a fenced-in area and using a forklift to cause more than US $ 100,000 in damage . They face grand theft felony and other charges .
Witnesses called 911 and police went to the site . The police report says Jones aimed the forklift toward officers , who stopped them at gunpoint .
Police quoted Jones as identifying themselves as Alice in Wonderland , blaming the attack on “ a hookah-smoking caterpillar ” and saying that they had a problem with “ building a place to sell alcohol . ”
No lawyer is listed for him .
Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens ' resignation was part of an agreement reached with prosecutors to dismiss charges that the governor misused a charity donor list during their campaign .
St. Louis Circuit Judge Rex Burlison on Wednesday accepted the deal reached between Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner and attorneys for Greitens . The state will not be able to refile the computer tampering charge , but the agreement has no bearing on the decision of a special prosecutor , Jean Peters Baker , whether to refile invasion of privacy charges . It also does not protect against other state or federal legal issues .
Gardner in April charged Greitens with computer tampering . Defense attorneys for Greitens contacted their office last weekend to strike a deal .
“ This was not what drove the governor 's decision , but it 's one part we had to address , ” said Jim Martin , an attorney for the governor . They would not go into any more details .
The agreement prevents Greitens ' attorneys from suing Gardner or any of their employees in civil court for how they handled the prosecution in this case , and the earlier felony invasion of privacy charge . But it does not rule out the possibility that Gardner could be sanctioned by the court or that they or an investigator they hired , William Tisaby , could be charged with perjury or other crimes .
A statement Gardner read to reporters made no mention of the connection between the resignation and the dropping of charges .
“ I remain confident that we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens . But sometimes , pursuing charges is not the right or just thing to do for our city or state , ” they said . “ Just as I believe that Mr. Greitens ' decision to resign is best for our state , I too , have to consider the totality of the situation . I believe the most fair and just way to resolve this situation is to dismiss the computer tampering charge . ”
Follow Rachel on Twitter : @ rlippmann
In Congress , July 4 , 1776
The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America , When in the Course of human events , it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another , and to assume among the powers of the earth , the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature 's God entitle them , a decent respect to the opinions of humankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation .
We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. -- That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed , -- That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness . Prudence , indeed , will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes ; and accordingly all experience hath shewn , that humankind are more disposed to suffer , while evils are sufferable , than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed . But when a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such Government , and to provide new Guards for their future security. -- Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies ; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government . The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations , all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States . To prove this , let Facts be submitted to a candid world .
They have refused their Assent to Laws , the most wholesome and necessary for the public good .
They have forbidden their Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance , unless suspended in their operation till their Assent should be obtained ; and when so suspended , they have utterly neglected to attend to them .
They have refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large districts of people , unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature , a right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only .
They have called together legislative bodies at places unusual , uncomfortable , and distant from the depository of their public Records , for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with their measures .
They have dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly , for opposing with manly firmness their invasions on the rights of the people .
They have refused for a long time , after such dissolutions , to cause others to be elected ; whereby the Legislative powers , incapable of Annihilation , have returned to the People at large for their exercise ; the State remaining in the meantime exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without , and convulsions within .
They have endeavoured to prevent the population of these States ; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners ; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither , and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands .
They have obstructed the Administration of Justice , by refusing their Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary powers .
They have made Judges dependent on their Will alone , for the tenure of their offices , and the amount and payment of their salaries .
They have erected a multitude of New Offices , and sent hither swarms of Officers to harrass our people , and eat out their substance .
They have kept among us , in times of peace , Standing Armies without the Consent of our legislatures .
They have affected to render the Military independent of and superior to the Civil power .
They have combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution , and unacknowledged by our laws ; giving their Assent to their Acts of pretended Legislation :
For Quartering large bodies of armed troops among us :
For protecting them , by a mock Trial , from punishment for any Murders which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States :
For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world :
For imposing Taxes on us without our Consent :
For depriving us in many cases , of the benefits of Trial by Jury :
For transporting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended offences
For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring Province , establishing therein an Arbitrary government , and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies :
For taking away our Charters , abolishing our most valuable Laws , and altering fundamentally the Forms of our Governments :
For suspending our own Legislatures , and declaring themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever .
They have abdicated Government here , by declaring us out of their Protection and waging War against us .
They have plundered our seas , ravaged our Coasts , burnt our towns , and destroyed the lives of our people .
They are at this time transporting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to compleat the works of death , desolation and tyranny , already begun with circumstances of Cruelty & perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages , and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized nation .
They have constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas to bear Arms against their Country , to become the executioners of their friends and Brethren , or to fall themselves by their Hands .
They have excited domestic insurrections amongst us , and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers , the merciless Indian Savages , whose known rule of warfare , is an undistinguished destruction of all ages , sexes and conditions .
In every stage of these Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress in the most humble terms : Our repeated Petitions have been answered only by repeated injury . A Prince whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant , is unfit to be the ruler of a free people .
Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our Brittish brethren . We have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us . We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here . We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity , and we have conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations , which , would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence . They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity . We must , therefore , acquiesce in the necessity , which denounces our Separation , and hold them , as we hold the rest of humankind , Enemies in War , in Peace Friends .
We , therefore , the Representatives of the united States of America , in General Congress , Assembled , appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions , do , in the Name , and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies , solemnly publish and declare , That these United Colonies are , and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States ; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown , and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain , is and ought to be totally dissolved ; and that as Free and Independent States , they have full Power to levy War , conclude Peace , contract Alliances , establish Commerce , and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do . And for the support of this Declaration , with a firm reliance on the protection of divine Providence , we mutually pledge to each other our Lives , our Fortunes and our sacred Honor .
Federal authorities were holding a man in custody Monday who is a domestic terrorism investigators said planned and tried to execute an anti-government bombing of an Oklahoma City bank .
Documents filed in federal district court say that Jerry Drake Varnell , 23 , drove what they believed was a stolen van containing a 1,000-pound ammonium nitrate bomb early Saturday morning to an alley beside BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City .
Jerry Drake Varnell , is pictured in this undated handout photo . Oklahoma Department of Corrections / Reuters
The bomb was a fake — the result of a months-long domestic terrorism investigation , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for Oklahoma 's Western District said in a statement . The cell phone that Varnell believed was a detonator dialed law enforcement , and the getaway driver was an undercover agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
The agency had been monitoring Varnell since December , the documents say , when they began discussing plans with a confidential informant about attacking the Federal Reserve Building in Washington D.C. “ in a manner similar ” to the 1995 bombing in Oklahoma City that killed 168 people and injured hundreds more .
“ I 'm out for blood , ” Varnell wrote in a text message to the informant , the documents say . “ When militias start getting formed I 'm going after government officials when I have a team . ”
Later , Varnell changed their plans , saying they did n't “ want to kill a bunch of people , ” the documents say , adding that the agent cautioned them that such a plan could still result in death .
“ You got to break a couple of eggs to make an omelet , ” Varnell responded during one of the meetings , the documents say .
Related : Three Arrested in Bomb Plot Targeting Somalis in Kansas
Varnell lived in a trailer on their parents ' property in Sayre , 130 miles east of Oklahoma City . In a June meeting with the agent , the documents say , they described themselves as a believer in “ Three Percenter ” ideology , a group that says it promotes patriotism and love of freedom and liberty . The Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors hate groups and extremists , has described the national group as anti-government . In a statement Monday , the Three Percenters condemned Varnell 's plans .
Varnell later wrote a message that they believed would be posted on Facebook and would distinguish the bank bombing from an ISIS attack . The message said the bombing was in “ retaliation ” for the “ freedoms that have been taken away from the American people , ” the documents say .
It was n't immediately clear if Varnell had a lawyer .
In a now-deleted Facebook post , Cade Varnell , who identified themselves as Jerry 's brother , accused the agency of pushing them into the plot , The Oklahoman reported .
“ The FBI brought them the van loaded with explosives , ” the post said . “ Good job America . ”
Cade Varnell did not immediately respond to an interview request .
JOINT BASE PEARL HARBOR-HICKAM , Hawaii — In a bow to America 's growing connection to India and its expanding security role in the region , the Pentagon is changing the name of the U.S. military 's Pacific headquarters to U.S. Indo-Pacific Command .
Under cloudy Pearl Harbor skies , with the USS Arizona Memorial as a backdrop , Defence Secretary Jim Mattis formally announced the name change Wednesday . They spoke during a leadership change ceremony as U.S. Navy Adm. Philip Davidson took over the command from Adm. Harry Harris , who has been nominated to be the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea .
The change is largely symbolic in nature , and carries no fundamental shifts in troops , military missions or other Pentagon activities . Instead , Mattis said , it 's a “ recognition of the increasing connectivity between the Indian and Pacific oceans . ”
Mattis said the new defence strategy released last year “ acknowledges Pacific challenges and signals America 's resolve and lasting commitment to the Indo-Pacific. ” And they said relationships with Pacific and Indian Ocean allies have been critical to maintaining regional security .
The U.S. and India have been forging stronger security ties for the last several years , with defence secretaries making more frequent visits and conducting talks on sharing technology .
The two sides also share concerns about maritime security in the Indo-Pacific , including worries about China 's increasingly aggressive build-up and militarization of manmade islands in the region .
Concerns about China were evident during the ceremony , along with the ongoing negotiations over a possible summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to discuss Pyongyang 's nuclear program .
“ China continues to improve both the size and the capability of its armed forces , in hopes to supplant the U.S. as the security partner of choice not just in the Indo-Pacific region , but across the globe — and on its own terms , ” Davidson said as they took over the new command .
Mattis took a subtle swipe at China 's “ Belt and Road ” initiative , which links Beijing 's economies to the rest of Asia , the Middle East , Africa and Europe through massive loans and investments .
“ The Indo-Pacific has many belts and many roads , ” said Mattis .
In leaving the command post , Harris laid out the threats across the region . They said North Korea “ remains our most imminent threat ” and a nuclear-capable Pyongyang is unacceptable .
They added that the U.S. should “ co-operate with Beijing where we can ” but must stand ready to confront China when necessary .
The Utah Jazz are poised to advance to the semi-finals of the NBA Western Conference playoffs after accounting for the Oklahoma City Thunder 113-96 in game four .
Utah 's balanced scoring attack beat Oklahoma City 's star-studded unit , with all five of their starters scoring at least 13 points as the Jazz took a 3-1 lead in the Western Conference first-round series on Monday .
Rookie of the Year candidate Donovan Mitchell led the Jazz with 33 points and seven rebounds .
Rudy Gobert and Joe Ingles combined for 36 points , while Derrick Favors had 13 points on six-of-nine shooting .
After falling behind 30-24 after the first quarter , the Jazz rallied back to take a 17-point lead entering the final period .
Utah came into the postseason winners in six of their last seven regular-season fixtures , and they have continued their success during the playoffs .
Paul George scored 32 points to lead the Thunder , and reigning MVP Russell Westbrook added 23 points and 14 rebounds , but their supporting cast did not do enough to stop Utah in the chippy matchup which heads back to Oklahoma City for Game five .
Thunder forward Carmelo Anthony scored just 11 points on five-of-18 shooting ( 0 of six from three-point range ) with six rebounds . Considered the third member of Oklahoma City 's 'big three ' , Anthony has struggled to find their shot this season .
HARDEN STARS AS ROCKETS SOAR TO COMMANDING LEAD
James Harden scored 22 of their 36 points in the third quarter to help the Houston Rockets beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 119-100 on the road . The Rockets outscored the Timberwolves 50-20 in the third quarter to take a 3-1 series lead in the Western Conference first-round matchup . Chris Paul added 25 points , and Clint Capela scored 14 points with 17 rebounds .
The Rockets ' 50 third-quarter points were the second-most in a quarter in NBA postseason history , behind the Los Angeles Lakers ' 51 against the Detroit Pistons in 1962 .
BUCKS ( 2-2 ) AT CELTICS ( 2-2 )
`` We just got to stay focus and locked in for 48 minutes . ''
Giannis talks Game Five : pic.twitter.com/qkeB5ZTPip — Milwaukee Bucks ( @ Bucks ) April 24 , 2018
The Milwaukee Bucks , powered by Giannis Antetokounmpo , have given the Boston Celtics fits . With Kyrie Irving and Gordon Hayward out of the line-up , Boston have lacked the firepower that once threatened to doom the Eastern Conference . The Bucks were inconsistent during the regular season but have won two straight in this series . If Khris Middleton and Eric Bledsoe can hit from deep , Milwaukee boasts a potent line-up .
Free Ifeanyi Ubah Nollywood Stars Protest Openly ( Photos )
Free Ifeanyi Ubah Nollywood Stars Protest Openly… .
Following the recent arrest of the Managing Director of Capital Oil and Gas Limited , Ifeanyi Ubah who has has been on detention for some weeks now by the Department of State Security over their refusal to remit N11 billion of realised from the sales of petroleum products stored in their facility by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation , NNPC .
Nollywood Actors have staged on a protest for their release , says they stand for Ifeanyi Ubah and so there for demand theirs
immediate release .
See Photos Below… Have you read Trendiee Today ? Click here to read
The post Free Ifeanyi Ubah Nollywood Stars Protest Openly ( Photos ) appeared first on Ngyab .
This post was syndicated from Ngyab . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NCAA declares Abuja airport ready for operations
The Director-General , Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority ( NCAA ) , Mr Usman Muktar , says the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport , Abuja , runway is ready for operation and can be opened on Wednesday .
Muktar stated this while speaking with newsmen during an inspection of the airport 's runway on Monday in Abuja .
The Abuja airport was closed on March 8 for six weeks to enable rehabilitation of its 3.6 kilometres runway to be carried out . Flight activities were consequently diverted to Kaduna International Airport during the period .
The Federal Government had announced that the airport would be reopened for normal operations on April 19 .
Muktar disclosed that NCAA had concluded the second phase of inspection as follow-up to the recommendations made to the contractors to correct some areas of concern earlier identified by a team of experts .
According to him , they inspected yesterday , made some observations but the findings that were found were not safety critical and today it is found that they have been rectified .
“ We have carried out the inspection and we have confirmed that the job has been done quite satisfactorily in line with the International Civil Aviation Organisation ( ICAO ) standard and recommended practices .
“ So , the airport , the runway is very ready to accept flight operations safely .
“ By this , we are declaring that the airport and its runway are quite operational at the time that has been determined as the official opening of this airport , ” they declared .
Muktar said that the agency had already issued “ Notice to Airmen ( NOTAM ) '' to all aviators worldwide that the airport was ready for reopening on Wednesday as scheduled .
On the calibration of the airport , they said that nothing had been tampered with as far as the instrument landing system was concerned to warrant recalibration .
According to him , calibrations are normally scheduled and very soon this airport will also be calibrated along with others .
“ It will be normal routine calibration which will be applicable to other airports that are due for recalibration , ” they said .
Earlier , the Managing Director , Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria ( FAAN ) , Mr Saleh Dunoma , had said that the runway was fully ready for reopening , adding that it had been completely cleaned up .
Dunona said that NCAA had given the operators a “ clean bill of health '' , adding that some of the observations raised by the team of experts on the repair of the runway had been corrected .
They explained that the runway was cleared “ because we have our technical team working across the length and breadth of the runway to make sure that every detail is observed .
“ That is why all equipment has been evacuated from the runway .
“ Later , all the professionals in NCAA and FAAN will carry out a detailed inspection again to ensure that all debris is cleaned up during final cleaning .
“ Any moment from now , if there is any aircraft , we are ready to receive that aircraft , but of course , in aviation there are procedures because NOTAM has to be issued and the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency ( NAMA ) will do that and then we are ready , ” they said .
The post NCAA declares Abuja airport ready for operations appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By DAVE SKRETTA
AP Sports Writer
LAWRENCE , Kan. ( AP ) - Kendall Smith knocked down a 3-pointer from the wing in the first half , silencing a buzzing sellout crowd of Kansas fans . The Oklahoma State guard instinctively put their finger to their lips in the universal sign for `` shush . ''
Smith silenced them again when it mattered most .
The senior backup scored 24 points , including the clinching free throws in the final seconds , and the Cowboys held on to beat the Jayhawks 84-79 on Saturday for a rare win in Allen Fieldhouse .
`` Just one of those , you know , you play college basketball and when you 're done you say , ' I was in Allen Fieldhouse one time and I hit a shot and silenced the crowd , ' '' Smith said afterward .
Cameron McGriff added 20 points and Jeffrey Carroll had 15 for the Cowboys ( 14-9 , 4-6 Big 12 ) , who built an 18-point first-half lead and dominated the boards in ending their three-game losing streak .
It was the third loss for the Jayhawks ( 18-5 , 7-3 ) in the Phog this season , their most since the 1998-99 season . It was also their second home loss in league play .
`` This is as tough an environment you can play in college basketball , '' Smith said . `` I think we had a full team effort , topo to bottom . Everybody came in and gave us something . ''
Devonte Graham gave the Jayhawks a chance when their two foul shots drew them within 82-79 with 14.2 seconds to go . But after they squandered several seconds trying to foul Smith , the guard capped their big performance by knocking down two free throws to put the game away .
`` We 've been in a lot of these games , really competitive , '' said Cowboys coach Mike Boynton , whose team won without injured guard Tavarius Shine . `` Really proud of my kids for showing the kind of fight and competitive spirit . Got a locker room full of guys that always respond . ''
Udoka Azubuike had 20 points and Graham and Svi Mykhailiuk scored 17 apiece for Kansas , which was celebrating 120 years of basketball by welcoming back dozens of former players and coaches .
They did n't have much to cheer about on a sunny Saturday morning .
A nip-and-tuck start gave way to complete first-half dominance by the Cowboys , who at one point had more second-chance points ( 18 ) than the Jayhawks had total ( 16 ) .
One of the nation 's most prolific 3-point shooting teams , the Jayhawks were relegated to dumping the ball to Azubuike in the post . And the big fella was unable to keep up with Oklahoma State 's own 3-point barrage , which at one point stretched the lead to 18 points late in the half .
Kansas coach Bill Self , who typically stalks the sideline , instead sat glumly as their team followed a 3-for-15 start from the field with three consecutive turnovers .
The Jayhawks ' 46-33 halftime deficit matched their biggest of the season .
`` Right from the jump , '' Self said , `` they were so much quicker and more competitive . ''
Kansas dug into its disadvantage early in the second half , quickly trimming the lead to seven points on Newman 's flurry of baskets . But for the next 10 minutes , the Cowboys matched the Jayhawks shot-for-shot , answering each attempt at starting a run with a crucial rebound or big basket .
The Cowboys still clung to a 78-71 lead after Newman missed a foul shot with about two minutes left , and Smith scored twice as the Jayhawks were trying to foul them to keep a comfortable lead .
Kansas finally got the game to one possession , only for Smith to hit the clinching foul shots .
`` It 's very frustrating , '' said Graham , who has been hobbled the last week by a knee injury . `` We 're way better on the road than we have been at home . We have to find a way to come out and crush teams the way they came out and stepped on our throats today . ''
120 YEARS OF HOOPS
The Jayhawks recognized the birth of its basketball program during a halftime ceremony , highlighted by the 30th anniversary of their 1988 title team . There was also a reunion banquet Saturday night with more than 400 players , staff and coaches from every era expected to attend .
BIG PICTURE
Oklahoma State had a 41-28 advantage on the glass , which produced a 26-7 advantage in second-chance points . That kind of hustle infuriated Self and proved too much for Kansas to overcome .
Kansas ' shooting went wayward as the Cowboys mixed zone and man-to-man defenses . The Jayhawks were 8 of 22 from beyond the 3-point arc , and several of those makes were in desperation time .
UP NEXT
Oklahoma State returns home against Baylor on Tuesday night .
Kansas continues its homestand Tuesday night against TCU .
___
More AP college basketball : collegebasketball.ap.org and twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
RICHMOND , Va. — Rhode Island coach Dan Hurley has come to VCU in the past with a young team and seen it get drummed .
They were happy to return the favour when they returned with the senior-laden and 22nd-ranked Rams on Friday night .
E.C . Matthews scored 18 points , Jared Terrell had 16 and URI beat VCU 81-68 for its 14th consecutive victory .
“ I thought we were really , really sharp , particular our passing , ” Hurley said . “ We 're just a veteran team that took advantage of our experience . We out-seniored them , out-experienced them . ”
Cyril Langevine added 12 points and a career-high 18 rebounds for the visiting Rams ( 19-3 , 11-0 Atlantic 10 ) in a matchup of teams with the same nickname . The winning streak is the program 's longest since the 1939-40 Rams won 15 straight .
Rhode Island also stretched its road winning streak in conference games to 11 , the longest such streak in program history .
“ It 's a lot of things , ” said Matthews , one of four seniors in the starting lineup . “ Being resilient . The non-conference games we had earlier in the season is why we play the way we do now . Having older guys , we kind of set the tone . ”
Justin Tillman scored 22 points to lead VCU ( 14-9 , 6-4 ) , which dropped out of a three-way tie for second place in the conference . Sean Mobley added 15 , all in the first half . The home Rams trailed just 41-38 at halftime , but could n't overcome being beaten 47-31 on the boards and outscored 26-6 on second-chance points as URI gradually took control after halftime .
“ We felt they were going to try to come out and bully us and control the game and come out hard from the start , so we tried to come out with energy , ” Tillman said . “ I thought we did that in the first half . … We kept letting them get second-chance rebounds and they were scoring off those . ”
Rhode Island scored 13 of the first 20 points after halftime to open a 54-45 lead , its biggest of the game at that point . Consecutive baskets by VCU closed the gap to 54-49 , but Rhode Island scored 10 of the next 15 points and VCU never got closer than six again .
The first half was played at a breakneck pace , with URI pulling away from a 27-all tie by scoring nine straight points . Mobley then hit three 3-pointers in a span of less than two minutes to keep VCU close .
BIG PICTURE
Rhode Island : The Rams ' winning streak coincides with Matthews ' return from a broken wrist . In coach Dan Hurley 's favoured four-guard lineup , Matthews , Terrell , Jeff Dowtin and Stanford Russell also make it difficult for even defensively disruptive teams to cause ball security issues . URI had just eight turnovers against VCU .
“ It 's not me at all . It 's a mixture . We 've got young guys , older guys . We 're just trying to make history and be better every game , ” Matthews said .
VCU : Tillman was their usually effective self , but the Rams ' No . 2 scorer , first-year student De'Riante Jenkins ( 13.1 points per game ) managed just nine points , and No . 3 scorer Johnny Williams ( 10.2 ) had two . VCU also was sloppy too often with the ball , committing 14 turnovers that Rhode Island turned into 16 points .
UP NEXT
Rhode Island has a week off before playing at home against Davidson next Friday night .
VCU plays at cross-town rival Richmond on Wednesday night .
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Hank Kurz Jr. on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/hankkurzjr
Bibb County Sheriff David Davis held a press conference Tuesday afternoon to discuss the departments response to the recent homicides and shootings in Macon . Davis held up an example of the weapons that deputies are seizing off the streets .
( Philip Toscano/PA via AP ) . A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London , Wednesday July 4 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Ben Curtis ) . Madison Keys of the US arrives for the women 's singles match against Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand on the third day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London , Wednesday July 4 , 2018 .
LONDON ( AP ) - The Latest from Wimbledon ( all times local ) :
8:55 p.m .
Day 3 at Wimbledon has been prematurely ended by rain .
Marin Cilic briefly resumed their match with Guido Pella on No . 1 Court , but another shower saw them depart with the third-seeded Croatian leading 6-3 , 6-1 , 3-4 - a break down in the third set .
Play was never able to resume on the outside courts as intermittent rain fell from just before 7 p.m. , leaving a number of other matches incomplete .
___
7:55 p.m .
Kristina Mladenovic advanced to a Wimbledon third-round meeting with Serena Williams after defeating Tatjana Maria 6-2 , 6-2 .
The 62nd-ranked Mladenovic was only slowed by a 30-minute rain delay as they cruised to victory without facing a break point . Williams progressed earlier with a 6-1 , 6-4 victory over Viktoriya Tomova .
Although play swiftly resumed on Centre Court - and also on No . 1 Court where third-seeded Marin Cilic was two sets up against Guido Pella - a second shower that began as Mladenovic clinched victory has seen play suspended on all courts once more .
A number of other matches on the men 's side of the draw remain in the balance . Ninth-seeded John Isner is serving at 3-4 in the fifth set against Belgian qualifier Ruben Bemelmans .
After knocking out sixth-seeded Grigor Dimitrov , Stan Wawrinka is struggling to back up their first-round performance as they trail Italian qualifier Thomas Fabbiano by two sets .
___
7 p.m .
Play has been halted by rain at Wimbledon . It 's the first rain break of this year 's tournament after two days of sunshine .
___
6:50 p.m .
Jan-Lennard Struff will face Roger Federer in the third round at Wimbledon after a 6-7 ( 5 ) , 3-6 , 7-6 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 4 ) , 13-11 comeback victory over Ivo Karlovic .
Despite being on the receiving end of 61 aces from Karlovic , the 64th-ranked Struff prevailed in just short of four hours as they sent down 31 aces of their own .
The final point count was 206-205 in Struff 's favor , with the German player 's first break of serve coming in the last game of the match .
Their reward is a meeting with defending champion Federer , who earlier defeated Lukas Lacko 6-4 , 6-4 , 6-1 .
___
5:55 p.m .
Caroline Wozniacki has made another early exit from Wimbledon .
The Australian Open champion lost 6-4 , 1-6 , 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia in a second-round match after being bothered by a swarm of flying insects in the second set .
Wozniacki has never been past the round of 16 at Wimbledon , and this is the fourth time in seven years they have lost in the first or second round .
The second-seeded Dane saved four match points at 5-3 in the final set before breaking back to level the match . But they were broken again in the last game .
Organizers used bug spray after Wozniacki complained to the chair umpire about the insects .
They are the fifth of the top eight women seeds to lose before the third round .
___
5:45 p.m .
Serena Williams continued their Wimbledon return by moving into the third round with an emphatic 6-1 , 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova .
The seven-time champion lost just five of 32 points on their first serve as they took a little over an hour to triumph against their 135th-ranked opponent .
Williams was unable to defend their 2016 Wimbledon title last year because they were pregnant .
Despite their ranking having fallen to 181 , Williams is seeded 25th this year .
The 36-year-old American next faces German Tatjana Maria or Kristina Mladenovic of France .
___
5:05 p.m .
Second-seeded Caroline Wozniacki is battling a difficult opponent and a swarm of flying bugs at Wimbledon .
The Australian Open champion complained to the chair umpire about the bugs that invaded No . 1 Court after they lost the first set 6-4 against Ekaterina Makarova of Russia . After shaking their head repeatedly on court to get the flying insects out of their hair , the Dane asked for bug spray to be used .
That seemed to do the trick - at least when it came to improving their own game . Wozniacki won the second set 6-1 to level the match .
___
4:25 p.m .
Gael Monfils overcame Paolo Lorenzi 3-6 , 6-3 , 7-6 ( 5 ) , 7-6 ( 3 ) to set up a third-round meeting with 2017 Wimbledon semifinalist Sam Querrey .
After hitting just four winners in the opening set , the 44th-ranked Monfils improved to a total of 49 for the match and reached the third round at the England Club for the seventh time in their career .
The Frenchman has never been beyond that stage and to do so will have to defeat 11th-seeded Querrey .
Querrey earlier eased past Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 ( 4 ) , 6-3 , 6-3 to advance to the third round for a third successive year .
Last year Querrey defeated Andy Murray to reach their first Grand Slam semifinal , where they were defeated by Marin Cilic .
___
4:15 p.m .
Roger Federer won 35 straight points on their own serve en route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4 , 6-4 , 6-1 in the second round of Wimbledon .
Federer did n't drop a point on their serve in the entire second set and kept that streak going until they were 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third , when Lacko sent a backhand winner down the line .
In total , the eight-time champion lost just nine of 61 points on their serve and broke Lacko five times , including with a forehand winner to close out the match .
___
3:45 p.m .
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as they prepare for their second-round match at Wimbledon .
And it 's got everything to do with the World Cup .
Edmund is English . Their coach , Fredrik Rosengren , is Swedish . Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday ?
On Wednesday , a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories , the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account , showing them and Rosengren at practice - posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation 's soccer jersey .
`` When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it 's coming home . let 's go England ! '' Edmund posted , referring to the slogan their country 's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup .
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday , Edmund will be hoping their third-round match on Saturday is scheduled at a time that does n't conflict with a certain soccer match .
___
3:15 p.m .
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set , and once again dominated the rest of the way to win .
The No . 9 seed , at 38 the oldest woman in the draw , came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6 , 6-0 , 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club .
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set , in which they made 12 unforced errors , twice as many as Dulgheru . Nine of those were errant forehands .
But the American , the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago , then won seven games in a row .
In the first round , Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games .
___
3:05 p.m .
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men 's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4 , 6-2 , 6-7 ( 8 ) , 3-6 , 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak .
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set , but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time .
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of their career .
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic , who hit 34 aces in their 7-6 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 4 ) victory over John Millman .
___
2:40 p.m .
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3 , 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka .
Seventh-seeded Pliskova did n't face a break point as they cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court .
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round , but they had previously failed to go any further .
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on their second serve throughout , winning just seven of 18 points on it .
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu , after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0 , 6-3 .
___
2:25 p.m .
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon .
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 4 ) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set .
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year , having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year 's quarterfinals .
___
1:45 p.m .
Wimbledon 's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court .
Federer drew headlines around the world when they walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for their opening match after ending their decades-long partnership with Nike . It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly , but organizers said they did n't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes .
`` I guess it was like a huge reveal , was n't it ? '' said Mick Desmond , the commercial and media director for the England Club . `` That 's absolutely fine . It 's obviously a marketing coup for Roger . ... We set the stage , he 's done a reveal . ''
Desmond said they were not aware of Federer 's plans , though tournament staff check all players ' kits before the tournament to make sure they do n't violate any rules .
`` Providing you 're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding , then that 's fine , '' Desmond said . `` It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective . From a commercial perspective , that 's their business . ''
___
1:05 p.m .
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon .
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0 , 6-3 , clinching the match with a backhand winner on No . 3 Court . They were joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States , who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4 , 6-3 .
Buzarnescu is making their first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam , having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No . 28 . Swan , ranked 204th , was given a wild-card entry to the tournament .
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year .
___
11:45 a.m .
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon , with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club .
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year . They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year .
No . 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action , playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand .
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later .
___
10:45 a.m .
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round .
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club . Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament - having missed last year while pregnant .
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year 's men 's runner-up , Marin Cilic , are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament . Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round , while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday .
The forecast calls for more sunny skies , although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon .
___
More AP tennis coverage : https : //www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A former Upton High School student is about to release their fourth album alongside their musical partner Ciaran Algar .
Utopia and Wasteland will be released on April 13 and will be backed up by a UK tour which comes to Storyhouse in Chester on April 17 .
Still only 24 and 22 , Chester-born , Sheffield-based Greg and Stoke-on- Trent-born , Manchester-based Ciaran released their first album The Queen 's Lover in 2012 when both were still at school .
Just six months later they landed the Young Folk Award at the 2013 BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards .
In 2014 , they found themselves at the Royal Albert Hall clinching the Horizon Award for Best Emerging Act and in 2015 they were nominated for Best Duo .
Drawing on a range of influences , Russell and Algar released their second album The Call in 2014 and , in 2016 , the acclaimed The Silent Majority .
Now with solo albums under their belts ( Greg 's Inclined to be Red and Ciaran 's The Final Waltz ) and performances in other line-ups ( most notably Algar with Sam Kelly and The Lost Boys and Russell in The Transports and their own multi-artist protest song project Shake the Chains ) they are back with an assured fourth studio album .
To be released on RootBeat Records on April 13 and showcased on a UK tour ( April 13-27 ) Utopia and Wasteland marks another milestone in their short but exceptional career .
Previously focusing mostly on putting their stamp on traditional songs or covers , here they produce original songs with nine of the 11 tracks being their own compositions .
Recorded at The Green Room Studio in Devon , there 's a significant leap in sound and production values courtesy of producer Mark Tucker who also adds percussion , bass and backing vocals to Greg 's voice and acoustic guitar and Ciaran 's fiddle , tenor banjo , electric tenor guitar , bodhran and vocals .
For more information on their forthcoming Chester gig , visit www.ravenfolk.org.uk or call 01244 677212 .
TALLAHASSEE , Fla. ( AP ) – Florida Gov . Rick Scott wants to put a constitutional amendment on the ballot that would make it harder for state legislators to raise taxes or fees .
The Republican governor will announce their proposal Monday . Scott , who is considering running for the U.S. Senate , wants the measure to go before voters in 2018 .
If passed by 60 percent of voters , state legislators could not pass any future taxes or fees without a supermajority vote .
Scott has not yet exactly outlined what would be covered by the proposal or how large a supermajority would be needed .
Several other states , including California , have similar restrictions .
Scott wants the Florida Legislature to place the amendment on the ballot . But the governor said they may also ask the Constitution Revision Commission to consider the proposal .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
> > BACK TO TOP STORIES
STX Entertainment
The outrageous Happytime Murders trailer was only asking for trouble by including loads of puppet ejaculation . And although the project is directed by Brian Henson , son of Muppet creator Jim Henson , Sesame Street is not happy about the raunchy nature of the film and , late last week , filed a lawsuit to accuse STX Entertainment of appropriating their brand while simultaneously tarnishing the Muppets ' reputation . Well , the Happytime Murders creators are taking the legal threat in stride , and they 've enlisted a puppet-lawyer for a public response . As one does .
Free , Esq. , an “ STX Entertainment lawyer , ” has issued a statement ( courtesy of the Huffington Post ) , in which they stress the cultural relevance of letting folks know what Henson puppets do when they 're off the clock :
“ STX loved the idea of working closely with Brian Henson and the Jim Henson Company to tell the untold story of the active lives of Henson puppets when they 're not performing in front of children . Happytime Murders is the happy result of that collaboration and we 're incredibly pleased with the early reaction to the film and how well the trailer has been received by its intended audience . While we 're disappointed that Sesame Street does not share in the fun , we are confident in our legal position . ”
Fred also wisely points out that the Happytime Murders is only intended for an adult audience , who they feel will appreciate the “ adorably unapologetic ” ways of these Henson puppets . Here 's a look at Fred — they look like a real courtroom shark — and as of yet , there 's been no further response from Sesame Street .
STX Entertainment/Huffington Post
( Via Huffington Post )
WASHINGTON — The Latest on the nomination of Mike Pompeo as secretary of state ( all times local ) :
3:45 p.m .
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer says they will oppose Mike Pompeo for secretary of state even as President Donald Trump 's nominee appears on track for confirmation this week .
Schumer is among Senate Democrats who backed Pompeo as CIA director . But on Tuesday they said Pompeo has not satisfactorily answered questions of a top diplomat .
Schumer says they asked Pompeo privately if they would walk back comments critical of Muslims . And they wanted to know if Pompeo would speak out against firing special counsel Robert Mueller or Deputy Attorney Rod Rosenstein in the Russia investigation .
Pompeo “ demurred , ” the New York senator said .
“ I am voting no for those reasons , ” Schumer said .
—-
1 a.m .
A close committee vote on the nomination of CIA Director Mike Pompeo as secretary of state is sending a warning to the White House as other Trump administration nominees are expected to meet with stiff resistance .
The Senate Foreign Affairs Committee advanced Pompeo 's nomination to the full Senate by just one vote . Until a last-minute change of heart by Kentucky Republican Rand Paul , the nomination appeared headed to an unfavourable recommendation .
Pompeo is expected to be confirmed by the full Senate later this week , given unanimous support from Republicans and backing from a few Democrats .
Sharp scrutiny is expected for Pompeo 's potential replacement at the CIA , Gina Haspel .
OTTAWA — The Ottawa Senators signed forward Magnus Paajarvi to a US $ 900,000 , one-year contract extension Wednesday .
The 27-year-old Swede had six goals and two assists in 35 games with the Senators last season after being claimed off waivers from the St. Louis Blues .
“ We 're happy to have Magnus back in Ottawa , ” Senators general manager Pierre Dorion said in a release . “ He showed us last season that they can play the game with speed , which fits with the style of play we want our team to exhibit .
“ Magnus is a versatile player who will be able to provide us productive minutes in many situations . ”
Paajarvi spent four-plus seasons with the Blues after beginning their career with a three-season run with the Edmonton Oilers .
In 387 career NHL regular-season games , Paajarvi has 105 points ( 51-54 ) and 72 penalty minutes .
Paajarvi , who was drafted by the Oilers with the 10th overall pick in 2009 , helped Sweden win gold at the recent world hockey championship in Denmark . They had three goals over 10 games .
Customs intercept contraband valued at N334m
The Federal Operations Unit ( FOU ) of the Nigeria Customs Service ( NCS ) , Ikeja says it intercepted contraband with a Duty Paid Value ( DPV ) of N334 million between April 1 and June 12 . The command said it also recovered N273.6 million from duty payments and demand notices on goods that tried to beat the system in the period under review .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It 's not uncommon for families to skip dinner time together with everyone 's busy schedules .
New research however suggests gathering around the table once a day has both positive mental and physical effects on families .
Dinner time can be a stressful time for many families . Parents rushing home from work , kids involved in after school activities .
For Summer and John Lehman , dinner time is the place where the family reconnects and gets to know each other best .
“ We get to find out what 's going on at school , what kind of homework they have , plans for the rest of the week . I mean…everything , ” said Summer .
But it is n't always easy to get everyone gathered around the dinner table at once .
`` Whether it 's competitive cheerleading , travel hockey , travel baseball , football…they 're always on the move , constantly , ” said John .
But making the time for a family dinner definitely has an impact .
`` Research has shown over the last decade that families who eat meals together frequently tend to be not only mentally healthier but they 're also physically healthier as well , ” said OraLee Macklenar , Behavioral Specialist at Mercy Health .
It can be something as simple as involving kids in mealtime preparation , setting a specific routine and getting rid of all distractions , like technology , at the dinner table .
The Lehmans say phones are n't allowed and the television is turned off .
`` We have to really work on getting more perspective of our time with our loved ones and family than we do with giving it to everything else and I think with all of our distractions today that 's a constant battle , ” said Macklenar .
Not only do the Lehmans find sharing a meal together once a day helps bring them together more , but it forces them to make healthier dinners , and it 's more cost effective .
`` For our family to go out to dinner this day , we 're easily , a family of six , at a hundred to a hundred and twenty-five dollars , ” said John .
Dr Macklenar suggests dinner time talk should be positive . So if you 're waiting to discuss that bad grade on the History exam or how they came home a little too late the night before , wait until after the meal .
`` Save that for another time . Have a family meeting and hold all of the disciplinary or behavioral issues for another time because then children are going to dread coming to the table and they 're less likely to show up , ” said Mackleniar .
Just some food for thought for today 's busy families .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
( AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee ) . In this June 9 , 2017 photo , a Cuban-born business person who spoke on the condition their name not be used for fear of deportation , poses for a photo in Doral , Florida . The man arrived from Cuba in 1967 as an 11-year-old boy and serv ...
( Rebecca Vann Photography via AP ) . This undated portrait made available by Rebecca Vann Photography shows Rudy Blanco , their wife Shelly , daughter Hannah and son Noah in Perry , Florida . Rudy Blanco was 8 when they were brought from the port of Mariel by his ...
( AP Photo/Lynne Sladky ) . In this May 17 , 2017 photo , Cuban immigrant Hermes Vigoa , who arrived in the U.S. two years before Obama canceled to fast-track citizenship system , gives an interview outside their home in Miami , Florida . Vigoa , 46 , was detained ...
By ADRIANA GOMEZ LICON and GISELA SALOMONThe Associated Press
MIAMI ( AP ) - Tens of thousands of Cubans living in the U.S. are adapting to a harsh new reality : After enjoying decades of favored status dating back to the Cold War , many of them now face the same deportation risks as any other immigrants .
They feel betrayed by former President Barack Obama 's administration , which in its waning days stripped away a nearly automatic path to citizenship that had been offered since the 1960s to Cubans who arrived on U.S. soil , even those who showed up without a visa . The change was part of a thaw in relations with Cuba , which also agreed to start accepting the return of more of its people who get deported .
Now some Cubans have been detained at routine appointments with immigration officials , and many more fear they could be imperiled by old deportation orders or caught up in the increased arrests of non-citizens pursued by President Donald Trump 's administration .
`` I was n't prepared for any of this . How could I have seen this coming ? '' said Maykel Vargas , a Cuban who spent three months in detention after immigration officials took them into custody when they were trying to renew a temporary document . `` I do n't know what is going to happen . ''
Anticipation is mounting about a White House announcement on Cuba planned for Friday and how it may affect business deals and leisure travel . But experts agree that Trump 's new policy is not expected to restore previous immigration privileges . Any changes open the possibility that the Cuban government could scale back commitments on migration agreements , including promises to take back deportees .
Vargas , 37 , worked as an Uber and Lyft driver to provide for their sister , who is single and pregnant . They said they could n't afford the $ 700 required to apply for permanent residency , a much more complex process . They continue fighting deportation after being released Monday with an ankle monitor .
Hermes Vigoa , 46 , was n't even nervous when they showed up at an immigration office in Miami earlier this year to renew a temporary document they needed for their driver 's license and car insurance while they completed the permanent-residency process .
They arrived in the U.S. two years before Obama canceled to fast-track citizenship system . Cubans still have a path to residency if they find a way to arrive in the U.S. with a visa , but Obama ended the open-arms treatment to curb a recent immigration surge mostly through the Mexico border .
`` I thought everything was fine until an officer told me , 'You are in limbo ' and told my girlfriend to take all my stuff because I was being detained , '' Vigoa said . They were detained for a month before they were released , without explanation , to continue seeking a green card .
Immigration officials did not respond to requests for information on these cases .
Officials say more than 36,000 Cubans currently face deportation orders . About 29,000 are convicted criminals and 7,000 non-criminal immigration violators , according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
Two other Cubans who were taken into custody last month after being here for decades are getting the attention of elected officials . They arrived as children in the famous Mariel boatlift in 1980 , when Cuba 's then-President Fidel Castro allowed the departure of anyone who wanted to leave the Communist nation . About 125,000 `` marielitos '' crossed the Florida Straits that year .
Both men have criminal convictions but insist they have turned their lives around .
In 1984 , the nations agreed on a list of 2,746 Cubans who were alleged criminals and could be returned to the island . When the U.S. abandoned the `` wet foot , dry foot '' policy in January , the two nations agreed that the list could be revised to add other Cuban `` marielitos '' who were subject to active deportation orders .
Rudy Blanco was 8 when they were brought from the port of Mariel by their parents in 1980 . They now have a family and owns a home-remodeling business in Perry , Florida . But because they were convicted of attempting to sell cocaine in 1998 , they are n't allowed to become a U.S. citizen and instead received an order of deportation by mail in 2005 .
Blanco was allowed to stay as long as they made routine visits to ICE . However , they were arrested on May 9 and is now awaiting deportation . An ICE spokesperson said only that the agency intends to deport them based on the 2005 order .
Blanco 's wife , Shelly , said that both Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and the family 's member of congress , Rep. Neal Dunn , have told them they are trying to gather information on the case . Both men are Republicans .
Colorado Gov . John Hickenlooper , a Democrat , pardoned another Cuban immigrant for an armed robbery committed 19 years ago , in an effort to stave off their deportation . Rene Lima-Marin , 38 , arrived as a toddler in the boatlift and 20 years later received a deportation order after their conviction .
Apart from the Mariel list , Cuba has agreed to review deportations on a case-by-case basis . Fifty-seven Cubans have been deported since October , while 335 were arrested between Jan. 22 and April 29 .
Susan Eckstein , a sociology professor at Boston University , argues that Cubans ' immigration privileges should end to make immigration policy more equitable for all foreign nationals .
`` I would be very surprised if Trump changes Obama 's policy because it is so consistent with their stance on immigration in general , '' they said .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
DETROIT ( AP ) The Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions are both headed to the postseason .
One of those teams looks like a threat to make a serious run .
Aaron Rodgers threw four touchdown passes , and the Packers calmly dispatched Detroit 31-24 on Sunday night to win the NFC North title . Green Bay finished the regular season with six consecutive victories , and although the Lions made the playoffs as a wild card , they frittered away the division title with three straight losses down the stretch .
The Packers and Lions were both safely in the playoffs by the time their game kicked off , because Washington lost to the New York Giants earlier in the day . But there was still a division title at stake in the Green Bay-Detroit game , and the winner would enter the postseason on a much happier note .
” Winning games like today gives you great confidence . It gives you momentum , ” Packers coach Mike McCarthy said . ” We clearly understand where we were six weeks ago , and where we are today . ”
Green Bay ( 10-6 ) starts its postseason at home against the Giants next weekend , and Detroit ( 9-7 ) plays at Seattle .
The Lions made the playoffs for the second time in coach Jim Caldwell 's three seasons at the helm , but they remain without a division title since 1993 . They are 0-5 this season against teams that made the playoffs – including losses to the Giants , Cowboys and Packers to close the regular season .
” This is n't what we wanted , and every loss is a major disappointment , but we have to have short memories , ” Detroit receiver Golden Tate said . ” All we can think about right now is Seattle , and playing the way we are capable of playing . ”
The Lions led 14-7 late in the first half , then Rodgers and the Packers scored 10 points before Detroit ever had the ball again . Green Bay managed a field goal at the end of the second quarter and a touchdown drive to start the third .
Detroit had a raucous home crowd on its side in what was probably the biggest game the Lions have played at Ford Field since it opened in 2002 . It turned out to be their last home game of the season – they 'll be the bottom seed in the NFC playoffs .
—
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP-NFL .
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. — Zach Lofton scored 22 points for New Mexico State and two potential tying shots hit rim and bounced away in the closing five seconds for New Mexico as the Aggies came away with a 65-62 win Saturday night .
“ It was n't a pretty game , ” New Mexico State coach Chris Jans said . “ It was a toughness win . And hopefully next time we 're in that situation , we 'll be talking about this game . ”
A.J . Harris added 12 points for New Mexico State ( 7-2 ) .
Antino Jackson had 14 points and Troy Simons 13 for the Lobos ( 3-7 ) . But Simons ' putback with five seconds rolled off the rim . And after Lofton made one of two free throws , Anthony Mathis had a good luck at a 3-pointer , but it drew iron as the buzzer sounded .
The game was tight throughout , with the Aggies holding their biggest lead at 23-16 midway through the first half but New Mexico responded with eight points over a 44-second span to regain the lead .
The Lobos held their largest lead at 54-45 midway through the second half following Makuach Maluach 's steal and fast-break dunk , but they only made one more basket the rest of the game and moments later , New Mexico State went on a 13-2 surge , with Lofton scoring four . New Mexico went 0 for 8 from the field over the final 6 1/2 minutes .
The Aggies made a slight defensive adjustment in the latter stages of the second half that contributed to the Lobos ' drought .
“ In the second half , especially down the stretch , the only thing we did was we started switching on a lot of their ball screens and hand-offs instead of letting them go downhill on us , ” Jans said . “ We just decided to switch them . We were playing some pretty small lineups so we were in a situation to do that better without our true fives on the floor . ”
The veteran Aggies also had a better presence about themselves in waning moments , New Mexico coach Paul Weir said .
“ I thought they made some really big shots , ” they said of the Aggies . “ You could just kind of sense their experience and you could just sense , I think you could sense , I guess our inexperience . .That team knows how to win those games and had the experience to do it . And we 're still trying to figure that out . ”
BIG PICTURE :
The Aggies were seeking their first sweep in the annual home-and-home series since 2002-03 . Both teams came into the game with head coaches in their first season with their squads , but the Lobos ' Paul Weir coached New Mexico State last season
KEY STATS :
New Mexico State whiffed on all eight of its second-half 3-pointers and was 4-of-20 from 3-point range overall .
And in the teams ' first meeting Nov. 17 , the Aggies in winning 75-56 , had a 50-25 rebounding margin , including 25-9 on the offensive glass . But New Mexico kept it much closer this time with a 44-36 rebounding deficit , including 15-9 offensively .
But Weir said that was still too much .
“ When you have a 3-point game and you have both teams shoot about 40 per cent , it 's the little things that add up and we were minus-2 on turnovers and minus-6 on the offensive glass and those eight possession end up being the difference in a game like this when the percentages are about equal everywhere else . ”
UP NEXT :
The Lobos are at home next Saturday to play Arizona , which won their meeting last season 77-46 in Tucson . After a 16-year hiatus , last season the teams resumed a long-standing rivalry , in which the Wildcats own an 84-42 advantage .
New Mexico State is at home Tuesday to play Division II Eastern New Mexico . It 's the Aggies final home game until Jan. 18 .
Credit : Cesar Diaz/Latino Sports
Bronx , NY – After three innings of the first game of the Subway Series between the New York Yankees and New York Mets , the Bronx Bombers are down 2-0 to the Amazins .
Leading the way for the Mets were Curtis Granderson and Yoenis Céspedes . Both athletes hit a home run off Yanks RHP Luis Cessa . Will the Yanks mount a rally ?
Or will the Mets win the first game of the Subway Series ? For now , here 's news my friends over at Story House and Unvision sent me about their popular show , “ El Chapo . ”
El Chapo , Original Series Media Release
Univision and Story House Entertainment today announced that the 12-episode second season of the original series “ El Chapo ” will premiere Sunday , September 17 at 10 PM ET/PT on Univision Network .
Season two kicks off with Chapo 's first prison break and goes on to reveal the critical role corrupt government officials play in aiding El Chapo 's rise over their rival cartel bosses . Viewers will also begin to see how their quest to become the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel , the most powerful criminal organization in the world , impacts the lives of those closest to him–including their family .
Additionally , the series will continue to break boundaries by airing episodes with English subtitles , a first for the No . 1 Spanish-language network . “ El Chapo ” is the first co-production between Netflix and Story House Entertainment , the content development and production unit of Fusion Media Group ( FMG ) . Season two will debut globally on Netflix at a later date to be announced .
“ Based on intense interest in this story , we are taking an unprecedented step to expand the reach of our breakout series ‘ El Chapo ' by making it accessible with English subtitles on Univision Network . This move speaks to the uniqueness of a series that has captured the attention of audiences around the world–crossing borders , languages , and cultures–and allows us to extend it to U.S. viewers who seek out quality storytelling regardless of language , ” said Camila Jiménez Villa , co-president and chief content officer of Fusion Media Group .
Over the course of three seasons , the ripped-from-the-headlines drama explores the life story of Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman over a span of three decades–from 1985 , when they were a low-level member of the Guadalajara Cartel , their rise to power as the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel and their ultimate downfall .
The first season of the highly anticipated original series made its U.S. premiere on Univision Network in April . The suspenseful season one finale reached 3.5 million Total Viewers and reinforced Univision 's position as the No . 1 Spanish-language network . Netflix , which co-produced the series , is currently streaming the entire first season with English subtitles .
The series stars Marco de la O who greatly transformed themselves for the role of El Chapo ; Humberto Busto as Attorney Conrado Sol aka “ Don Sol , ” a key political party figure ; Juan Carlos Olivas as El Güero , one of El Chapo 's partners ; Alejandro Aguilar as Toño , El Chapo 's main assassin ; Rolf Petersen as Ramon , rival cartel leader ; Hernan Romo as Benjamin , rival cartel leader ; Diego Vasquez as Ismael , one of El Chapo 's most trusted partners ; Juliette Pardau as Graciela , El Chapo 's second wife ; Roberto Uscanga as El Arriero , brother and partner of El Chapo ; Antonio De La Vega as Arturo Bl , brother and partner of El Chapo ; Harold Torres as El Cano , the leader of Emes , the largest rival cartel to El Chapo 's operation this season ; Juan Pablo de Santiago as Franco Sebastian ; Laura Osma as Elba , El Chapo 's third wife ; and Hector Munoz as Moreno , El Chapo 's son .
‘ El Chapo ' is created by Silvana Aguirre Zegarra and Carlos Contreras and produced by Daniel Posada . The second season is directed by five talented directors from four countries : Ernesto Contreras ( México ) , Carlos Moreno ( Colombia ) , Hammudi Al-Rahmoun ( Spain ) , Daniel and Diego Vega ( Peru ) . Christian Gabela is the General Manager of Story House Entertainment .
Share
The Dark Web is an infamous digital hive of scum and villainy , where people around the world visit their black markets and conduct encrypted business away from any watching eyes . Naturally , that makes a lot of people curious .
However , there are other , more innocent reasons to use the Dark Web . Reporters , for example , may use it as a way to communicate with whistleblowers who want to protect their identity . Internet users under oppressive regimes may access the Dark Web to communicate freely with the outside world . White hat coders may want to search for and study various bits of malware to prepare defenses , and so on .
Here 's the bottom line : If you are interested in checking out the Dark Web , we can show you how to access it — as long as you are careful . Check out the steps below to learn more .
Step 1 : Start with encryption : Download Tor and the Tor browser
Tor is the encryption program people use to navigate the Dark Web . While this encryption can work with several different dark browsers , the most common option is the Tor browser , because it 's free and easy to use .
These days , however , it 's common practice to add Tails , which is an additional security measure to protect your IP address . We suggest you start by downloading a safe version of Tails here . These Tails download should include Tor and the Tor browser as one complete package , so you have everything you need to get started . However , note that Tails requires an attached , empty USB storage drive to work , so you may have to buy an extra flash drive .
You may also want to download and enable a VPN ( virtual private network ) for additional security when using Tor and Tails . When getting ready for the Dark Web , you can never have too much security .
Step 2 : Prepare your computer
You do n't want anything on your computer that a hacker could take advantage , which is pretty much everything . So take a minute to clear things up — shut down all apps and ongoing functions .
Close any files you may be working on . Disconnect or cover up your webcam and do the same with any mic settings your computer has – yes , these can be used against you . It 's okay to get a little paranoid at this juncture .
Step 3 : Open the browser with a clear destination in mind
Without browsers like Google carefully organizing search results , the Dark Web is somewhat disarrayed , which can make it difficult to find what you are looking for . We strongly suggest that you do a lot of research and know exactly where you are going before you start .
To help with this , there are wikis that collect various Dark Web sites or directories that are ( relatively ) popular stops and good places to begin . Popular options include the Onion Directory and the Hidden Wiki . Take a look at the sites that these directories have collected and see what topics interest you ( and yes , these categories include absolutely everything , so please stay away from the naughty stuff like hiring hitmen or buying stolen goods ) .
We also suggest that you do a search for the sites that you intend to visit , to see what people are saying about their security and how safe they are . Just because a site is on these directories does n't mean it wo n't harm you or your computer . Never visit one of these sites directly on a normal browser — draw the line at research .
Once you have a clear destination in mind , close down your browser as we detailed in step 2 , and open up the Tor browser to visit these same directories . It 's also a good idea to turn off JavaScript before you begin , for additional safety . The Tor browser is essentially a rebuilt version of early Firefox browsers , so if you 've used Firefox in the past navigation should feel familiar to you .
Step 4 . Understand how transactions work before you do anything
There are no rules in a black market , but there are some agreed-upon methods of exchange so that people can trade . On the Dark Web , that means using cryptocurrency like Bitcoin .
We are n't suggesting you try to buy anything—that 's another big can of worms—but if you do look into a transaction , understand that you 'll need a cryptocurrency to do it safely , and even then “ safely ” is a tricky prospect .
Generally , people who purchase anything on the Dark Web first move Bitcoins ( or their cryptocurrency of choice ) from the Bitcoin exchange into a heavily secured wallet . Then they move the coins from the wallet into the Dark Web . Even then , it 's advisable to use a separate wallet solely for Dark Web activity , and only move the coins you intend to spend into the wallet . Use a separate name and password for the wallet that you will never use anywhere else . Many people have had their exchanges and wallets hacked by being careless .
Step 5 : Always remember , safety first
The FBI can absolutely track people on the Dark Web , and it keeps the extent of those capabilities a carefully guarded secret , which means you could still get prosecuted for breaking the law even when encrypted . Silk Road was n't brought down by amateurs .
However , a more immediate danger for beginners is the great number of traps and hackers in the Dark Web trying to steal personal information and follow any trace back to your computer to learn more about you . Identity theft and blackmail are rampant . So stay alert , do n't wander around too much , and do n't trust any site or contact that you find .
Step 6 : Close everything when you are done
While on the Tor browser , avoid any other activity on your computer—keep everything shut down . In fact , it 's common advice to avoid even change the settings ( outside of the JavaScript step we mentioned ) or window size of the Tor browser , since in theory this could be used to track you .
When you are finished , close the Tor browser and shut down/restart your computer entirely . Pay close attention when starting up again , and if everything appears to be acting normally , you can enable your mic settings , webcam , and other functions again .
Meghan Markle is reportedly set to join boyfriend Prince Harry at the reception after Pippa Middleton 's upcoming wedding .
It was previously reported that the Suits actor would not be attending the 20 May nuptials because of Pippa and fiance James Matthews ' “ no ring , no bring ” policy , meaning that as they and Harry were n't engaged , they would be unable to go to the wedding .
However , it has now been reported that while Meghan wo n't be joining Harry at the actual wedding ceremony , to be held at St. Mark 's church in Englefield , England , they will be on their arm for the reception later in the evening , according to People.com .
Britain 's Hello ! magazine were the first to report that Meghan was planning to attend the wedding in some capacity , after requesting a week off from shooting their hit U.S. TV show .
The claims come after Harry missed the royal Easter tradition of the royal family attending a service at Windsor Castle 's St. George 's Chapel alongside Queen Elizabeth II , instead flying to Toronto , Canada , to spend the holiday with Meghan . Their decision to miss the annual tradition has also fuelled claims the pair are planning to get engaged , with Meghan 's recent moves such as shutting down their lifestyle website and quitting their ambassadorial role for a skintight leather clothing range suggesting they are attempting to ensure their life is more aligned with the royals .
Pippa 's wedding is sure to be a massive draw for photographers worldwide , especially after the recent confirmation that their sister Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge 's , two children , Prince George and Princess Charlotte , are in the bridal party .
A representative for Catherine and husband Prince William 's London residence , Kensington Palace , confirmed three-year-old George will serve as a page boy , while little Charlotte , who turns two on 2 May , will be a bridesmaid .
It is not believed the Duchess will be a part of the bridal party , preferring instead to let their kids shine alongside their aunt , who caught the world 's attention by wearing a figure-hugging Alexander McQueen dress as Catherine 's maid of honour at their 2011 wedding to Prince William .
Pippa , 33 , and their 41-year-old fiance , the brother of British reality star Spencer Matthews , became engaged last July during a romantic weekend getaway to the U.K. 's Lake District , where James popped the question with a diamond sparkler reportedly worth over US $ 250,000 .
They had been dating for less than a year , but had previously enjoyed a brief romance back in 2012 .
MORGANTOWN , W.Va. — Even with several players recuperating from the flu bug , West Virginia 's defence can still frustrate the tar out of opponents .
One game after allowing the most points in a Big 12 game since joining the league in 2012 , No . 15 West Virginia overwhelmed Kansas State with its pressure , and the Mountaineers ended a three-game losing streak with an 89-51 victory Saturday .
“ We 're still ‘ Press Virginia , ” ‘ Mountaineers guard James “ Beetle ” Bolden said . “ We 've just got to come and play with the same energy every single night . ”
West Virginia ( 17-6 , 6-5 Big 12 ) got a rare win after holding a double-digit lead over the past month . The Mountaineers have had such leads in five of its last seven games but have won just twice .
The illnesses took a toll on the Mountaineers in the past week and coach Bob Huggins was concerned about having enough available bodies to execute any type of defence Saturday , especially after a 93-77 loss Wednesday at Iowa State .
Five players have been sick , and guards Daxter Miles Jr. and Bolden required hospital trips . Bolden recovered enough to make their first career start in Miles ' place , while Miles saw their first action of any kind in a week .
The Wildcats ( 16-7 , 5-5 ) never led , were held to their lowest scoring output of the season and had more turnovers ( 15 ) than field goals ( 14 ) .
“ Our pressure really was pretty good , ” Huggins said . “ We kind of backed it off at the end — I was just trying to save people 's legs . ”
Knowing West Virginia 's recent tendencies to relinquish big leads , especially in the second half , Kansas State coach Bruce Weber thought their team had a chance down 39-30 at halftime .
“ But they just kept pushing it and we got a little frustrated , could n't make some shots and it was like a snowball going down the hill and we could n't stop it , ” Weber said .
Forward Sagaba Konate , who led West Virginia with 19 points and nine rebounds , took advantage of the Big 12 's worst rebounding team . Over a 1:15 stretch late in the game , the 6-foot-8 sophomore scored off a rebound , made two free throws and threw down a dunk as part of a 13-0 run .
Bolden added 13 points , Teddy Allen had 12 points off the bench and Wes Harris had 10 for West Virginia .
Dean Wade scored 17 points and Xavier Sneed had 16 for Kansas State .
BIG PICTURE
West Virginia : The Mountaineers shot 61 per cent ( 14 of 23 ) from the floor after halftime in beating Kansas State for the eighth time in their last nine meetings . They did n't look like the stumbling squad that struggled to a 3-5 record in January after rising to the No . 2 ranking in the AP Top 25 on Jan. 8 .
Kansas State : The Wildcats made one basket over a 13-minute stretch spanning both halves , allowing West Virginia to take command . Kansas State has lost two straight after winning four in a row .
STRUGGLING BROWN
Kansas State leading scorer Barry Brown was held to just one point after scoring nine against No . 7 Kansas on Monday . Over their last two games Brown is 4 of 19 from the floor .
“ He lost a little bit of confidence , ” Weber said . “ No one works harder than they do . I think he 'll come back . I do n't have any doubt about that . ”
POLL IMPLICATIONS
West Virginia will likely fall several spots after the double-digit loss at Iowa State .
STOKES RETURNS
Kansas State point guard Kamau Stokes had two points in 10 minutes in their return from a six-game absence with a broken foot .
UP NEXT
Kansas State : Plays at Texas on Wednesday
West Virginia : Looks for its first regular-season sweep of Oklahoma after beating the Sooners 89-76 on Jan. 6 in Morgantown . The game at No . 12 Oklahoma is Monday night .
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow John Raby on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/jrabyap
In our last blog post , we explained why three important new features make it the right time to upgrade your data center to VMware vCloud Director® 8.10—a comprehensive solution for service providers to provision multitenant virtual data centers ( VDC ) across the hybrid cloud . This week we turn to the solution 's updated architecture . From enhanced security to more customizable virtual-machine placement , here are three more reasons to upgrade to vCloud Director 8.10 .
Increased customization – With vCloud Director 8.10 , service providers have the ability to customize virtual-machine placement and deploy in VMware vSphere® clusters—a real productivity boost to IT administrators who must simultaneously manage multiple virtual data centers with multiple requirements . This architecture update provides greater flexibility and overall environment control compared to previous versions of the software . It also improves cost-efficiencies and tailors customer experiences by integrating virtual-machine lifecycle workflows into external systems . Watch how administrators can boost productivity by creating and using VDC templates in vCloud Director 8.10 .
Read the entire article here , Why Upgrade to VMware vCloud Director 8.10 , Part 2 : Architecture
via the fine folks at VMware !
The Latest on the next trial phase of the man facing a possible death sentence for slaying nine people during Bible study ( all times local ) :
3:15 p.m .
A judge has issued an order governing Dylann Roof 's movement within the federal courtroom where he 'll be acting as their own lawyer during sentencing .
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel on Monday ruled that Roof ca n't approach witnesses or the jury during court , set to get underway on Tuesday . He 'll also be sitting in a chair furthest from the jury and victims ' family members .
The same jury that last month found Roof guilty of 33 federal charges is set to return to court Tuesday to begin weighing if they should be sentenced to life in prison or death for the June 2015 slayings of nine black parishioners during a Charleston church Bible study .
Gergel 's order was published online as they conducted a closed hearing on Roof 's competency . Media outlets including The Associated Press argued it should be open to the public , but the judge said they feared Roof may not get a fair trial if jurors knew of what was discussed .
___
1:15 p.m .
A judge has called for a recess in a second hearing on the competency of a man charged with killing nine black people during Bible study at a South Carolina church .
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel heard more than three hours of testimony Monday before breaking for lunch .
Over the weekend , Gergel says a court-appointed psychiatrist examined 22-year-old Dylann Roof for about five hours .
Jay Bender , an attorney for The Associated Press and other outlets , said closing the hearing would keep the community from an important part of the legal process . Gergel ordered Monday 's hearing closed to the media and public , saying Roof 's right to a fair trial could be hampered if jurors mulling their sentence learned the contents of the hearing .
Jurors are set to begin hearing evidence Tuesday as to why prosecutors feel they should be put to death for killing nine people at Emanuel AME Church in June 2015 .
___
9:30 a.m .
A federal judge has shut out the public from a second hearing on the competency of a man charged with killing nine black people during Bible study at a South Carolina church .
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel ruled Monday that Dylann Roof 's right to a fair trial could be hampered if jurors mulling their sentence learned the contents of the hearing .
Jay Bender , an attorney for The Associated Press and other media outlets , argued against the closure . Bender said closing the hearing to the public would be keeping the community from an important part of the legal process .
Gergel said they would have had to sequester the jury if they opened up the hearing . The judge said they did n't think jurors would intentionally seek out information about the result but might come by it inadvertently , a risk they could n't take . Gergel said he 'd release a transcript of the hearing after a verdict is reached in the case .
Jurors are set to begin hearing evidence Tuesday as to why prosecutors feel they should be put to death for killing nine people at Emanuel AME Church in June 2015 .
___
3:30 a.m .
The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating their punishment .
The sentencing phase of Roof 's trial begins Tuesday in Charleston . They could face the death penalty .
With Roof representing himself , the process is sure to be unconventional . The 22-year-old said they plan to call no witnesses or introduce any evidence .
Prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church .
Even if Roof is sentenced to death , it 's highly unlikely he 'd be executed anytime soon . The federal government has n't carried out a death sentence since 2003 .
WASHINGTON — In a one-two punch elating religious conservatives , President Donald Trump 's administration is allowing more employers to opt out of no-cost birth control for workers and issuing sweeping religious-freedom directions that could override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people and others .
At a time when Trump finds themselves embattled on many fronts , the two directives — issued almost simultaneously on Friday — demonstrated the president 's eagerness to retain the loyalty of social conservatives who make up a key part of their base . Leaders of that constituency were exultant .
“ President Trump is demonstrating their commitment to undoing the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and restoring true religious freedom , ” said Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council .
Liberal advocacy groups , including those supporting LGBT and reproductive rights , were outraged .
“ The Trump administration is saying to employers , ‘ If you want to discriminate , we have your back , ” ‘ said Fatima Goss Graves , president of National Women 's Law Center .
Them organization is among several that are planning to challenge the birth-control rollback in court . The American Civil Liberties Union filed such a lawsuit less than three hours after the rules were issued .
“ The Trump administration is forcing women to pay for their boss ' religious beliefs , ” said ACLU senior staff attorney Brigitte Amiri . “ We 're filing this lawsuit because the federal government can not authorize discrimination against women in the name of religion or otherwise . ”
Xavier Becerra , the Democratic attorney general of California , said they planned to file a similar lawsuit as soon as feasible . Other Democratic attorneys general said they were mulling the same step .
Both directives had been in the works for months , with activists on both sides of a culture war on edge about the timing and the details .
The religious-liberty directive , issued by Attorney General Jeff Sessions , instructs federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated . The guidance effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics that affect various actions are sincerely held .
“ Except in the narrowest circumstances , no one should be forced to choose between living out their or their faith and complying with the law , ” Sessions wrote .
In what is likely to be one of the more contested aspects of the document , the Justice Department states that religious organizations can hire workers based on religious beliefs and an employee 's willingness “ to adhere to a code of conduct. ” Many conservative Christian schools and faith-based agencies require employees to adhere to moral codes that ban sex outside marriage and same-sex relationships , among other behaviour .
The Alliance Defending Freedom , a conservative Christian law firm , called it “ a great day for religious freedom. ” But JoDee Winterhof of the Human Rights Campaign , a national LGBT-rights group , depicted the two directives as “ an all-out assault , on women , LGBT people and others ” as the administration fulfilled a “ wish list ” of the religious right .
The new policy on contraception , issued by the Department of Health and Human Services , allows more categories of employers , including publicly traded companies , to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections — another step in rolling back President Barack Obama 's health care law that required most companies to cover birth control at no additional cost .
Employers with religious or moral qualms will also be able to cover some birth control methods , and not others . Experts said that could interfere with efforts to promote modern long-acting implantable contraceptives , such as IUDs , which are more expensive .
The new policy took effect on Friday , but its impact wo n't be known immediately and may not be dramatic .
“ I ca n't imagine that many employers are going to be willing to certify that they have a moral objection to standard birth control methods , ” said Dan Mendelson , president of the consulting firm Avalere Health .
Nonetheless , they worried that the new rules would set a precedent for undermining basic health benefits required under federal law . The administration has estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out , and that 120,000 women would be affected .
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit , the share of female employees paying with their own money for birth control pills has plunged to 3 per cent , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
Many Catholic hospitals now rely on an Obama-era workaround under which the government pays for the cost of birth control coverage . That workaround can continue under the new rules .
Despite that workaround , there have been extensive legal battles waged by religious institutions and other parties challenging the birth-control mandate . The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops hailed the new policy as a “ return to common sense ” that would enhance “ peaceful coexistence ” between church and state .
Doctors ' groups that were instrumental in derailing Republican plans to repeal Obama 's health law outright expressed their dismay .
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation 's rate of unintended pregnancies .
“ Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘ to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans , ' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women 's health , ” said the organization 's president , Dr. Haywood Brown .
——
Crary reported from New York . Associated Press writers Sadie Gurman and Eric Tucker in Washington and Religion Writer Rachel Zoll in New York contributed to this report .
Oscar has arrived in China following ahead of the finalisation of their record-breaking switch from Chelsea to Shanghai SIPG .
The attacking midfielder touched down at Pudong Airport on Monday and was greeted warmly by a large contingent of supporters .
Oscar was presented with bouquets of flowers and the Brazilian stopped to sign autographs for fans who came out to welcome him .
The 25-year-old will link up with compatriots Hulk and Elkeson at SIPG , where Andre Villas-Boas is head coach .
Brazil midfielder Oscar , who has joined China 's Shanghai SIPG from Chelsea , receives a warm welcome at Shanghai pic.twitter.com/JIfTmNpqyN — Xinhua Sports ( @ XHSports ) January 2 , 2017
The club shelled out a CSL-record €60million in order to capture Oscar , who is a general manager Sui Guoyang said was motivated to sign by the offer of first-team football .
Oscar struggled for game-time following Antonio Conte 's arrival at Stamford Bridge , starting just five Premier League matches .
Their role was further limited by a switch to a 3-4-3 formation and their exit was confirmed last month .
Get the Mach newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
From in-vehicle infotainment to driver-assist systems , digital technology can be seen in just about every component of modern automobiles — except the license plate . But if one Silicon Valley startup has its way , even those stamped metal plates will soon go digital as well .
Reviver Auto , of Foster City , California , has developed electronic license plates , dubbed Rplates , that feature wireless LTE technology and monochromatic digital ink screens like the ones seen in e-reader devices .
“ License plates have been around for over 125 years , ” Reviver Auto CEO Neville Boston said . “ All the innovation around automobiles — it 's the one thing that 's never changed . ”
The company says its plates give motorists a new way to customize their vehicles — for example , letting them add personal messages ( subject to approval from the Department of Motor Vehicles ) or mentions of their favorite causes and charities . And the plates give authorities a new way to broadcast weather updates and emergency messages .
Each plate 's unique identifying characters are constantly displayed , of course . But motorists can add embellishments , such as university or sports team logos — and change these whenever they want . And in an emergency , the plates can display , for example , a flash flood warning or an AMBER Alert .
Reviver Gif Reviver Autonull
“ It would n't be flashing or beeping , ” Boston said , adding that the plan is to display emergency messages long enough for other motorists to see the messages without causing a dangerous distraction . “ It 's all about making sure that folks are safe on the road . ”
Boston compared this feature to roadside electronic signs that are used to convey emergency information or road closures . “ There 's not always messaging there , ” they said . “ But if something is happening , then you would see it . ”
When a car is parked , its digital plates can display other information , such as ads for which the motorist would be compensated . For example , a motorist might agree to let their or their plates run ads from a car dealership , Boston said , in exchange for free or discounted services from the dealership .
With the digital plates , consumers are able to renew their vehicle registration without visiting the DMV . And if a car is stolen , GPS tracking can be used to figure out the vehicle 's whereabouts , Boston added .
Rplates are now on sale in California , and will be available in Arizona , Texas , and Florida in the near future . Boston said Reviver is working to legalize them in another nine states by the end of the year . The plates retail for $ 699 , plus a monthly service plan that costs up to $ 7.75 for the desktop browser-based software to manage the system and optional GPS tracking .
Dr. Ashraf Gaffar , an assistant professor of engineering at Arizona State University who studies automotive technologies , agreed that digital license plates could offer some benefits but cautioned that they might introduce other problems .
“ Driver distraction is one of the biggest killers of teenagers in the United States , ” said Gaffar , who is not affiliated with Reviver . “ Having one more thing to look at while we 're driving will take our eyes off the road for a second or two more , which will have some side effects . ”
Gaffer also warned that electronic plates could be “ fertile ground for hackers , ” and could raise privacy concerns . They said more research is needed before the digital plates go mainstream .
“ It 's a cool thing , but we have to do our due diligence , ” they said . “ As a person working in this field , I see this as a major step forward . We just do n't want to go too fast forward without enough studies and understanding of the side effects . ”
Boston said future versions of the Rplate will be Bluetooth-enabled , allowing drivers to sync their smartphones with the plates . They said the company is working with consumer advocacy groups to ensure customers ' privacy is properly safeguarded .
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Usually when you hear of a player getting “ undressed ” in hockey , it 's in reference to a defender getting completely roasted by an offensive player 's stick handling . Not in Sunday night 's Ducks-Flyers game , though . Philadelphia 's Wayne Simmonds literally got undressed during a fight .
Simmonds dropped the gloves with Anaheim 's Kevin Bieksa just a minute and a half into Sunday night 's contest in Anaheim . Not only did Bieksa get the better of Simmonds during the tilt , the Flyers forward also had a number of layers pulled off them in the process . The jersey , shoulder pads and undershirt were all yanked off Simmonds ' body during the short scrap . The worst part of it all ? Nobody even threw any $ 1 bills theirs way .
The silver lining here is that Simmonds could have been ejected for not tying their gear down properly . That would have been a major blow for the Flyers so early in the game . Fortunately , the officials decided to laugh off the absurdity of the situation and just give Simmonds five minutes for fighting .
Quebec City police say their investigation into the slaying of a two-year-old girl points to just a single suspect .
Police say in a statement their probe is progressing and investigators have spoken to witnesses in recent days .
Rosalie Gagnon 's body was found in a garbage can last Wednesday and they were pronounced dead in hospital .
The toddler 's 23-year-old mother was charged with mischief , violating probation and obstructing the work of a police officer in the infant 's death .
Audrey Gagnon returns to court on Wednesday for a scheduled bail hearing .
Following an autopsy , police confirmed the girl had been stabbed to death .
The investigation was triggered after the discovery of an empty stroller near a park and the mother was tracked down and arrested a few hours later .
A silent march is scheduled for Tuesday evening in the Quebec City neighbourhood where the incident took place .
Over the weekend , Quebec 's minister for youth protection said they were seeking an inquiry into the girl 's death .
Lucie Charlebois asked the province 's human rights and youth rights commission to examine the type of services the toddler 's family had received .
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – A Struthers man is facing additional charges after police said their motorcycle drunk , crashing with a teenage passenger .
John Grzejka had a video arrignment in Youngstown Municipal Court on Monday .
In addition to child endangering charges , they are now charged with speeding , OVI , no operator 's license , driving under suspension , expired tags and failure to control .
Early Wednesday morning , Grzejka wrecked their motorcycle on South Avenue in Youngstown , sliding into the parking lot of Irish Bob 's bar .
They suffered serious injures . Their teen passenger was also hurt .
Both were taken to St. Elizabeth Hospital .
After they were treated , Grzejka was then taken to the Mahoning County Jail .
In the future , you and your friend may be able to walk through your next Airbnb rental before you even arrive . The home-sharing service recently detailed its interest in adding virtual reality ( VR ) and augmented reality ( AR ) to its listings and destinations .
Airbnb envisions using VR for trip preparation and AR for enriching the experience . With VR , Airbnb sees the technology allowing people to look around a home , and/or a city to get a better lay of the land rather than simply scrolling through a series of pictures . The post also notes guests would be able to “ share a virtual world together , perusing and touring destinations and home options while interacting in a more natural manner. ” This suggests Airbnb may see a future where multiple people are viewing a rental and communicating about it in VR .
For AR , context is key . Airbnb wants to leverage the technology to give people more information about the home and city they are in by just holding up their mobile device 's camera . Instantly translating foreign languages on home appliances , and directions to the kitchen are a few of the ways Airbnb envisions AR could help make travel easier for people . Airbnb does n't see AR only adding context to the home , and mentions the technology helping give valuable information about the city where hosts are staying . Presumably , this AR feature would be similar to apps such as Wikitude , which allow people to see information about places around cities provided by other people and sites such as Wikipedia .
Airbnb hosts have been asked for the option to give virtual tours of their homes in the past.Airbnb 's blog post conspicuously omits any mention of plans to release any VR or AR functionality in the Airbnb app . Airbnb stressed that any new functionality added to the app will require “ experimentation , iteration , and technological evolution , ” and most importantly , time .
Airbnb would not be the first to offer the option of touring a destination in VR . Companies such as LookAround and 3DVista are already helping people create VR tours of properties . Hotels have also got in on the VR fun , including Best Western Hotel and Resorts , which has offered VR tours of nearly 2,000 of its hotels since 2016 .
PORT ORANGE , Fla. —Police in Port Orange located a missing woman they said was kidnapped at a gas station .
Police said they were called just before 6 p.m. Thursday to the Spruce Creek Shell gas station on Taylor Branch Road .
Investigators said the victim , Damoya Davis , 22 , of Port Orange , and suspected kidnapper , Karon Watson , 32 , of Daytona Beach , arrived at the gas station together , but the victim removed several bags from the 2017 white Toyota Camry they arrived in and entered the store alone .
Witnesses said that they were on the phone arranging for someone to pick them up , according to police .
Authorities said Watson drove away , but returned a few minutes later and yelled for them to get into the car .
The victim refused and remained inside the store , but Watson allegedly entered the store and forced them outside .
Once outside , Davis allegedly began walking away , but Watson grabbed them again and began dragging them toward the vehicle , officials said . The victim was actively resisting as they were pulled toward the car .
Watson forced Davis into the car and drove away , police said .
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON :
Photo
WASHINGTON — It looks as if President Trump is going to get their military parade after all . The last time our forces paraded across Washington was in 1991 , to hail our triumph in the Gulf war . Unfortunately , there has n't been much to celebrate in our foreign policy since — unless you count the 15-year anniversary , on Tuesday , of the start of the Iraq war .
I do n't .
As a veteran of Afghanistan , I wish this were n't the case . No patriot wants to see us fail . But America 's approach to the world just is n't working to make us safer and more prosperous . And President Trump is n't helping . We need a more effective and realistic foreign policy .
The Iraq war is just the worst in a string of failures . They range from that destructive regime-change mission in Iraq and a later such effort in Libya to the ill-fated nation-building project in Afghanistan , and all the way back to the dangerous enlargement of NATO in the 1990s and 2000s to include countries on Russia 's doorstep . In the process , nearly 7,000 American troops have been killed and tens of thousands wounded , and we 've spent trillions of dollars — all while failing to achieve our strategic objectives .
Underlying all of these failures is the view , endorsed by both parties , that we need an active military presence around the globe to shape what happens almost everywhere . But it does n't matter how well funded our Pentagon , how brave our troops or how well intentioned our diplomats are . So long as we keep tinkering with this flawed operating system , we will continue to fail .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A recent poll by my organization , the Charles Koch Institute , and RealClearPolitics found that a majority of American civilians and veterans agree that the past 15 years of such efforts have n't made us safer and that Iraq is only the most concrete example . But the first year of the Trump administration suggests more of the same is ahead .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday , get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists , the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
As an outspoken critic of the Iraq war during their election campaign , President Trump should use this somber anniversary — and the appointment of a new secretary of state — to consider an alternate approach to the United States ' role in the world . A constructive but realistic mind-set would put our safety first while expanding America 's opportunities to engage productively with the world .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Thousands of Armenian-Americans took to the streets of Los Angeles on Tuesday to commemorate the deaths of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians under the Ottoman Empire a century ago .
The demonstrations came hours after Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan resigned following 10 days of large anti-government protests in that country .
Marchers in Los Angeles are demanding that the 1.5 million deaths starting in 1915 be recognized by Turkey as genocide . A separate protest was planned outside the Turkish Consulate in Los Angeles .
Although Armenians and many historians consider it to be genocide , Turkey — successor of the Ottoman Empire — contends those who died were victims of civil war and unrest .
Los Angeles demonstrators waving Armenian and American flags carried signs that read `` 1915 never again '' and `` Turkish denial must end . ''
`` We 're here to commemorate what happened and remember the victims but also to send a message to the Turkish government , '' said Dickran Khodanian , an organizer with the Armenian National Committee of America .
Marie Keshishian , an 18-year-old student at Glendale College , said all four of their great-great grandparents were killed in the genocide and that they were marching in their honor .
`` I 'm out here today to march for justice , to march for recognition , to march for the people — my ancestors , my great-great grandparents who lost their lives ... to hopefully get more people to recognize and accept that there was a genocide , '' Keshishian said .
Andrew Antaramian , a 32-year-old Pasadena attorney , said their ancestors were able to flee Armenia safely and that they join in the marches every year .
`` It 's important to always commemorate what our ancestors have gone through because if this is not going to occur again , we have to remind the world what our people went through , '' they said .
Kim Kardashian West , one of the most famous Armenian-Americans in the U.S. , tweeted an old photo of themselves in Armenia and praised global demonstrations calling for the genocide to be recognized .
`` It 's so inspiring to see all Armenians united in peaceful protests making a difference , '' they said . `` It 's a historic day for Armenia . ''
( AP Photo/Gregory Bull ) . A woman passes crosses for victims of the mass shooting Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds .
( AP Photo/Gregory Bull ) . Cece Navarrette places flowers at a cross for their cousin , Bailey Schweitzer , who was among those killed during the mass shooting Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday kil ...
( Marilynn Herman via AP ) . This photo provided by Marilynn Herman shows Brandon and Pati Mestas hugging during a photo taken in 2011 in Las Vegas . Pati , 67 , of Menifee , California , died during a shooting in Las Vegas .
( Facebook via AP ) . This undated photo shows Nicol Kimura , one of the people killed in Las Vegas after a gunman opened fire on Sunday , Oct. 1 , 2017 , at a country music festival .
( AP Photo ) . This photo combination shows some of the victims of the mass shooting that occurred at a country music festival in Las Vegas on Sunday , Oct. 1 , 2017 . Top row from left are : Heather Warino Alvarado , Steven Berger , Denise Burditus , Sandy Case ...
By KATHLEEN RONAYNEAssociated Press
Pati Mestas was a firecracker . Candice Bowers a tough-minded mom . Hannah Ahlers their family 's sunshine .
The victims of Sunday 's mass shooting at a Las Vegas concert lived their lives with passion and a love of country music .
Some families took comfort knowing the victims spent their last hours dancing to their favorite songs . Others grappled with harrowing thoughts about the night of terror .
Here are stories about some of the people who did n't make it out alive .
A TOUGH , DEVOTED SINGLE MOTHER OF THREE
Candice Bowers of Garden Grove , California , was a tough-minded single mother of three with a loud , infectious laugh . Them family said they worked as a waiter and was spending some much-needed time off at the concert . The huge Jason Aldean fan was very excited to be there .
They were also celebrating a personal milestone : Bowers had just finished a yearslong process to adopt a 2-year-old daughter .
`` That was just done , and it was a big accomplishment to get through the adoption process , '' said Michelle Bolks , Bowers ' aunt .
Bowers also had a 20-year-old daughter and a 16-year-old son .
`` She had a bit of a rough upbringing , but as soon as babies came into their life they stepped up and stepped forward and never looked back . They did this all by themselves and took this little one in and was doing it again , '' Bolks said .
COLLEGE REMEMBERS HONOR SOCIETY STUDENT
Known for their warmth and adventuresome spirit , Jordyn Rivera was in their fourth year at California State University , San Bernardino , where they made an impression on everyone from students to the president .
University President Tomas Morales said they got to know Rivera last summer in London during a summertime program for study abroad .
`` As one of their faculty members noted , we will remember and treasure them for their warmth , optimism , energy , and kindness , '' they wrote in a message to faculty and staff .
A native of the Los Angeles suburb of La Verne , Rivera , 21 , was studying health care management . Fellow members of an honor society are now raising money to pay their funeral expenses .
THREE CALIFORNIA CHILDREN LOSE MOM
Keri Lynn Galvan was at the Route 91 Harvest music festival with their husband , Justin , when they were killed by a gunman 's rain of bullets , their sister , Lindsey Poole , wrote in a statement . Them husband survived .
`` She was senselessly murdered on October 1st , 2017 while enjoying a night out with their husband and friends , '' Poole wrote .
The 31-year-old mother from Thousand Oaks , California , leaves behind children ages 10 , 4 and 2 .
Galvan 's days `` started and ended with doing everything in their power to be a wonderful mother , '' Poole wrote .
'OUR FIRECRACKER IS GONE '
The first time Alexis Magana drove over to their friend Brandon Mestas ' house , they asked how to find it .
`` Oh , you 'll know , '' they told them `` It 's the one blasting country . ''
It was Brandon 's mom , Pati Mestas , who was the household 's country music fanatic . Pati Mestas , 67 , of California , died in Las Vegas while listening to that favorite music . Magana remembered them as someone who was `` fearless and bold '' and always welcoming , from that first day they met .
`` She really was a firecracker , '' Magana wrote to The Associated Press in a Facebook message . `` I just never dreamed she 'd be taken from us in an instant . Our firecracker is gone and now it 's just dark . ''
Brandon Mestas , 33 , wrote on their Facebook page that their mother surely enjoyed themselves in their final moments .
`` She left this world surrounded by friends , singing and dancing with thousands of people . If I had to write the script myself , I could not have done a better job , '' they wrote .
ONE OF THE FIRST TO DIE
Brett Schwanbeck was hit almost immediately when the first shots were fired , their niece Carla Dawn wrote in an online fundraising page .
Schwanbeck , 61 , had been at the concert with their fiance , Anna . They found refuge in a dumpster as the shots kept coming , then ran back to Schwanbeck and begged for people to help them as soon as the shooting stopped , Dawn wrote .
Schwanbeck was rushed to a hospital , where they fought their injuries for two days before dying Tuesday .
Their niece described them someone who `` would drive 500 miles to help you if you needed it . ''
STUDENT WAS CELEBRATING BIRTHDAY
It was a weekend of birthday celebrations for Austin Meyer , 24 , in Las Vegas .
Meyer , an automotive student at Truckee Meadows Community College in Nevada , was attending the concert with their fiance , Dana Getreu .
Meyer dreamed of opening their own repair shop and starting a family , their sister , Veronica Meyer , told KSBW News .
`` Austin was a joy to be around . They always had a smile on their face , was ( witty ) and was always making people laugh , '' they said .
MOM WAS 'BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT '
Hannah Ahlers , a mother of three , was with their husband of 17 years when they were killed at the concert , according to the newspaper in Redlands , California , where they grew up .
Them father-in-law , Dave Ahlers , told the Redlands Daily Facts that they were a `` great mom and family person . ''
Ahlers lived in Beaumont with their husband , Brian Ahlers , and three children , ages 3 , 11 and 14 . They were a stay-at-home mom and `` amazing at it , '' Brian Ahlers said in a statement to the newspaper .
`` Beautiful inside and out , '' they said .
Them brother , Lance Miller , agreed .
`` She was our sunshine , '' Miller told the newspaper .
SEATTLE WOMAN LOVED COUNTRY MUSIC
Carrie Parsons was a huge fan of country singer Eric Church .
`` Night made ! '' they posted Saturday on Facebook after seeing the singer at the Las Vegas country festival .
Parsons , of Seattle , was one of the people who died when shots rang out at the Jason Aldean performance on Sunday night .
`` I feel peace knowing they were living life until their last moments , '' their friend Carolyn Farmer wrote in a social media post sharing Parson 's comments about the Church show .
Parsons was a staffing manager at the recruiting company Ajilon in Seattle , according to their LinkedIn page .
FRIENDS DIED AT CONCERT TOGETHER
Austin Davis , 29 , `` had this unbelievable superpower of making everyone they knew and loved feel like he 'd catch a speeding bullet out of the air for them , '' friend Katelyn Hood told The Associated Press in a Facebook message .
Davis was the only child of their parents , Lori and Gary Davis . The family was so close that Davis built their house on their property in Riverside , California , so they would never be far away .
`` He was their protector , '' said Hood , who named Davis as their son 's godfather .
Davis also left behind their girlfriend of nine years , whom they met in high school . They were at the concert with a family friend , Thomas Day Jr. , who also died .
They worked as a pipe fitter , loved watching their friends ' dogs - especially German Shepherds - and always made sure their friends ' had smiles on their faces .
`` Austin was Austin and no one could change him , '' Hood said . `` He stood firm on their beliefs because they knew they were raised right . ''
___
Associated Press writers Jay Reeves in Birmingham , Alabama ; Don Babwin in Chicago ; Julie Watson in San Diego , California ; Jason Dearen in Gainesville , Florida ; Lindsay Whitehurst in Salt Lake City ; Kathleen Ronayne in Sacramento , California ; and researchers Jennifer Farrar , Rhonda Shafner , Randy Herschaft and Monika Mathur contributed to this report .
___
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting , click here : https : //apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person , but they remind us of a used car salesperson whenever he 's selling their upcoming budget .
One who does n't want you looking under the hood too closely while he 's making their sales pitch .
On Thursday , Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that their fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that , `` Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province . ''
Um , that 's been true for Ontario governments going back decades .
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province , it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services .
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government , for example , made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday .
When the Liberals are in power , they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province .
When they 're out of power , they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services . ( In fairness , all parties do it . )
What Sousa did n't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario 's debt to more than $ 300 billion since coming to power in 2003 , which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign ( non-national ) borrower in the world .
They did n't say the auditor general and Ontario 's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt .
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they 're the same people -- is `` fairer because it does n't ask today 's generation alone to pay the entire freight . ''
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you do n't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today 's services -- on its head .
Finally , Sousa repeated , for the umpteenth time , that this year 's budget will be balanced , later adding along with `` next year and the year after that . ''
Two problems . First , Sousa 's promising to balance a budget that wo n't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018 .
Second , in 2003 , then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes .
And we all remember what happened after they won .
When Hurricane Maria battered Puerto Rico , it was personal for 'Hamilton ' creator Lin-Manuel Miranda , whose family hails from the island .
While grappling with not hearing from their Puerto Rico family for days and absorbing the extent of the devastation , Miranda decided to harness their artist friends and create a musical tribute to their beloved isla .
The result is the single `` Almost Like Praying , '' a catchy tune sung by an an array of singers and artists — from Luis Fonsi ( Despacito ) , JLo and Marc Anthony and Gina Rodriguez — all Puerto Rican — to the iconic Gloria Estefan , Ruben Blades and Juan Luis Guerra , who hail from nearby countries and have deep ties to the island .
The multi-generational ensemble , which includes young artists like Cuban-American Camila Cabello and Puerto Rican rapper PJ Sin Suelo , scrambled to record the song in a matter of days , Lin-Manuel Miranda told NBC News .
RELATED : ' A Nightmare ' : Recovery Stifled for Puerto Ricans in Hard-Hit Town
`` The response of the artists I contacted for the relief effort , to a person , were yes , even if they had n't heard the song , '' said Miranda . `` They just said yes because they wanted to find a way to help . ''
The song 's title and chorus , `` Almost Like Praying '' comes from the musical West Side Story 's well-known song , `` Maria . '' In Lin-Manuel Miranda 's creation , the artists name all 78 towns in Puerto Rico as well as places and historical moments , from the Cuevas de Camuy ( caves in the island ) and the Grito de Lares ( a short-lived but significant pro-independence uprising in 1868 ) .
All of the proceeds from the sale of the song go to the Hispanic Federation , an organization started by their father , Luis A. Miranda , Jr. , that is raising money and giving aid to the victims in the island .
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
Stand off between Tyrone and Donnelly 06 October 2017
Peter Donnelly
Tyrone 's highly rated strength and conditioning coach Peter Donnelly may be about to call time on their role with the county .
The Ulster Herald reports that Donnelly is in a dispute with the Tyrone county board over a new contract after their previous one expired on September 30th .
It is understood that an independent human resource company has been drafted in to review the issue and there are growing concerns that Donnelly could walk away from the position .
Donnelly is highly regarded in their field of expertise and Tyrone 's loss would be someone else 's gain . This is not the first time that the S & C coach had a dispute with the county board .
In 2016 , Donnelly was scuppered by the board in their attempts to set up a way forward to bring players through from the academy to the senior squad .
On that occasion , Donnelly was persuaded back into the fold , but it remains to be seen if the latest issues can be resolved .
Emmerdale kidnapper Beth has finally been arrested for snatching Amelia Spencer , but the 11-year-old still insists the woman who manipulated them into hiding from their own family to serve their own revenge agenda on the girl 's biological dad Daz is innocent .
Advertisement
Earlier this week Daz tracked down their missing daughter at a rendezvous with their abductor , who had demanded a ransom , and while Amelia was returned safely to the village Beth managed to evade capture and the young Ms Spencer told police that Daz knew their kidnapper and was behind the whole thing .
Tonight , Wednesday 4 July , saw Bernice contemplating boyfriend Daz 's claims of innocence from inside their cell . When they noticed Amelia sneakily using Dan 's mobile to contact Beth online , the ballsy beautician stole the phone and sent Beth a message pretending to be Amelia asking to meet up .
Ambushing the abductor at the cricket pavilion , Bernice caught Beth out and kept them occupied until the police turned up , during which time Beth revealed everything about targeting Amelia as a way of avenging their dead dad – the man Daz accidentally shot during an army training exercise .
Confessing they befriended Amelia online and deliberately created the ‘ Helmand2009′ username to make it look like Daz was guilty , Beth appeared to care very little about the poor girl caught in the crossfire of their revenge .
But Amelia is still under bitter Beth 's spell and believes they genuinely care for her , so when word reached the Spencers ' of Bernice 's intervention and the subsequent arrest the family marched down to the pavilion , Amelia sobbing as Beth was driven off in a police car .
Will brainwashed Amelia end up being Beth 's key to getting away with their crime if they continue to be under the impression Daz is guilty ? Can Daz ever convince their family they are the victim of a hate campaign ?
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Emmerdale page for all the latest news , interviews and spoilers .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the NL Division Series between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs .
The Louisiana Republican made a triumphant return to the House last week - more than three months after they were wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress .
Scalise wore a red Nationals jersey Friday night with their name and No . 3 on the back . They threw to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey while holding onto a walker stationed a few feet in front of the mound .
Scalise , Bailey and two others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice . Zack Barth and Matt Mika , the other shooting victims , were honored after the pitch .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
WASHINGTON — Congressional Democrats — Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and potential 2020 presidential contender Elizabeth Warren among them — along with the Democratic National Committee are starting to give charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from the disgraced Hollywood titan Harvey Weinstein .
Weinstein and their family have given more than $ 1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle , nearly all of it to Democratic lawmakers , candidates and their allies , according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics .
The party 's effort to separate itself from the 65-year-old film executive came after The New York Times reported that they have settled sexual harassment lawsuits with at least eight women .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Harvey Weinstein takes leave of absence amid sex harassment allegations 0:57 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Weinstein 's contributions are tiny compared to the biggest political donors , not even placing them among the top 100 funders . But he 's been a fixture among Democratic supporters for decades , making the revelations especially embarrassing for a party that touts itself as pushing progressive policies for women .
The biggest recipients of Weinstein 's largesse were the Democratic National Committee , the party 's senatorial and House campaign committees , and Hillary Clinton , the party 's 2016 presidential candidate and former senator , the Center 's data showed .
The DNC says it will give `` over $ 30,000 '' of Weinstein 's donations last year to Emily 's List , Emerge America and Higher Heights .
The GOP jumped on the episode , happy to force Democrats to return the funds or associate themselves with Weinstein .
`` Returning this dirty money should be a no-brainer , '' said Republican Party Chair Ronna McDaniel .
Schumer , D-N.Y. , is donating thousands of dollars to several charities supporting women , said spokesperson Matt House .
Warren spokesperson Kristen Orthman said the senator is giving $ 5,000 to Casa Myrna , Boston 's largest provider of services to domestic violence victims .
Another possible presidential contender , Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-N.Y. , will not accept any future Weinstein contributions , said senior adviser Glen Caplin . They said Gillibrand will donate $ 11,800 to RAINN , an organization that helps survivors of sexual violence .
`` Kirsten invites the right-wing activists using this terrible story as a political tool to join them in actually working to combat sexual assault and sexual harassment in our society , '' Caplin said .
Other Democratic recipients of Weinstein contributions who say they 're donating to charitable groups include Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey — another possible presidential hopeful — as well as Sens . Al Franken of Minnesota , Martin Heinrich of New Mexico and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut .
Demands to return campaign dollars are a staple of Washington politics practiced by both parties .
Republicans pressured Democratic candidates in 2011 to return donations from former Rep. Anthony Weiner , D-N.Y. , who had resigned when their lewd online behavior became public .
Democrats did the same after former House Speaker Dennis Hastert , R-Ill. , was sentenced to prison last year in a hush-money case that stemmed from decades-old sexual abuse during their years as a wrestling coach .
The report on Weinstein came almost exactly a year after the election-campaign release of audio from 2005 in which now-President Donald Trump made offensive , lewd comments about women .
Angola Surpasses Nigeria As Africa 's Top Oil Producer
Nigeria has lost its Africa 's top oil producer position to Angola for the second time in two years , as the country 's crude oil production fell by 67,000 barrels per day last month , the latest data from the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) have shown .
Nigeria 's crude oil production fell by 156,900 barrels per day ( bpd ) to 1.269 million bpd in March , from 1.426mbpd recorded in February . Consequently , the country lost its status as Africa 's top oil producer to Angola , according to the latest data from the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) .
Nigeria recorded the biggest drop in output in the month among its peers in OPEC , followed by Venezuela , based on direct communication .
Angola saw its oil output rise to 1.782 million bpd last month from 1.767 million bpd in February , based on direct communication , according to the OPEC report .
Again , this is not the first time the nation will lose its premier position to the former Portuguese enclave , spurred majorly by crude shut-ins resulting from either militant attacks or facility maintenance by oil companies .
The southern African country had in November 2015 overtaken Nigeria in output level as it produced 1.722 million bpd , compared to 1.607 million bpd produced by Nigeria , OPEC 's December report showed .
According to OPEC , its members pumped a combined 31.93 million barrels daily last month , down by 153,000 bpd from February . Saudi Arabia was said to have produced 9.9 million bpd in March , more than 100,000 bpd below its monthly quota under the production cut deal .
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @ thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL . Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources .
The post Angola Surpasses Nigeria As Africa 's Top Oil Producer appeared first on SIGNAL .
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The New York Giants ended the postseason aspirations for a division rival on New Year 's Day . Who stepped up against the Washington Redskins ?
Traditionally speaking , Week 17 was meaningless for the New York Giants . New York had already secured a postseason appearance , as well as its status as a No . 5 seed , and no result would change that .
With a chance to eradicate the postseason dreams of a division rival , however , the Giants went on the road and defeated the Washington Redskins 19-10 .
New York finishes the 2016 NFL regular season at 11-5 following its dominant defensive showing against Washington . In the process , it bounced back from a 24-19 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles and rediscovered momentum .
With nine wins over the course of its final 11 regular season games , the Giants are as hot as any team in the NFL .
New York has won at least 11 games for the first time since 2010 . Most importantly , it 's maintained an elite level of play on defense and may have stabilized one of its crippling areas of weakness .
The question is : who were the Players of the Game during the New York Giants ' 19-10 victory over the Washington Redskins ?
Offensive Player of the Game : Paul Perkins
For weeks on end , New York Giants fans were calling for Paul Perkins to replace Rashad Jennings as the starting running back . There have been flashes of brilliance throughout the 2017 NFL regular season .
During Week 17 , Perkins had a breakout performance that justified the belief that he 's the right player to go with during the NFL Playoffs .
Perkins carried the ball 21 times for a game-high and career-high 102 rushing yards . It was Perkins ' third consecutive game with at least 50 rushing yards , as well as their second straight with at least 65 .
With the first 100-yard game of their career , Perkins became the Giants ' first 100-yard rusher since the 2015 season .
Perkins ' ability to run between the tackles and fight through contract is something New York 's offense has been desperately missing . They wo n't go down on first contact and stepped up with a massive performance in Week 17 .
If the Giants get this type of play and production during the playoffs , they 'll be able to make another deep run .
Defensive Player of the Game : Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie
The New York Giants have one of the most feared and respected secondaries in the NFL . Landon Collins is a Defensive Player of the Year candidate , Andrew Adams is an underrated force , and Janoris Jenkins has become a legitimate shutdown corner .
During Week 17 , it was cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie who stepped up with a legitimately elite performance .
Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie with sixth INT of season , second of game . Puts this one away . Giants finish 11-5 . Keep Redskins out of playoffs . — Jordan Raanan ( @ JordanRaanan ) January 2 , 2017
Rodgers-Cromartie was targeted five times and allowed just one reception for five yards . They also pulled in two interceptions , including the game-sealing pick that put the Washington Redskins away late in the game .
As if that were n't enough , Rodgers-Cromartie also registered a sack and totaled three tackles in what may have been the best performance of their career .
Rodgers-Cromartie has been consistently superb during the 2016 regular season . Jenkins has justifiably received praise , but one could easily argue that Rodgers-Cromartie ranks amongst the Top 5 cornerbacks in the NFL .
The Giants will go as far as the defense takes them , and Rodgers-Cromartie is one of the most critical pieces to that puzzle .
Special Teams Player of the Game : Robbie Gould
When it comes to battles between NFC East rivals , games are often decided by defense and special teams . The New York Giants were legitimately dominant on defense , and it was special teams that sealed the deal .
The Giants needed place kicker Robbie Gould to step up against the Washington Redskins and that 's exactly what they did .
Gould converted a 22-yard field goal that gave New York a 3-0 lead in the first quarter . Those points proved critical . Washington tied the game in the fourth quarter at 10-10 and that score remained on the board until there were three minutes left on the clock .
With the game tied at 10-10 and just 2:12 on the clock , Gould converted a 40-yard field goal that proved to be the game-winning play .
Gould also converted an extra point in the second quarter , which has become more of an achievement than it used to be . Their perfection on scoring plays was one of the keys to victory for a team that struggled to generate consistent offense .
Gould is now 10-of-10 on field goal attempts in 2016 and 20-of-23 on extra points , and the latter mark must be maintained through the playoffs .
With a 19-10 win over the Washington Redskins in Week 17 , the New York Giants have discovered powerful momentum .
More from GMEN HQ
This article originally appeared on
Image source : Getty Images .
Continue Reading Below
For many working Americans , Social Security is a program that 's probably out of sight and out of mind . For those on the doorstep of retirement or currently retired , Social Security is more likely than not a vital income source that helps them make ends meet .
Statistics from the Social Security Administration found that 61 % of seniors , including 71 % of unmarried elderly Social Security recipients , rely on Social Security for at least half of their monthly income . A separate Gallup poll found very similar data , as well as an expected heavy reliance on Social Security by baby boomers once they retire . Social Security is , without question , responsible for keeping millions of seniors out of poverty each and every year .
Unfortunately , the program that retired workers have come to lean on so heavily during retirement could soon fail them . Currently , Social Security is bringing in more revenue than it pays out annually , and the program has more than $ 2.8 trillion in spare cash . However , beginning in the year 2020 , the program 's cash inflow will turn into a cash outflow , which owes primarily to two reasons : 1 ) The beneficiary base is rapidly growing as baby boomers leave the workforce en masse , and 2 ) Americans are living longer than ever before . The Social Security Board of Trustees is forecasting that , by 2034 , Social Security 's spare cash will be all gone .
Now here 's the good news : Social Security ca n't go bankrupt . In 2015 , more than 86 % of the $ 920 billion the program generated in revenue came from payroll taxes levied against working Americans . As long as people keep working , Social Security will continue to generate revenue that it can dole out to qualified beneficiaries . But this does n't mean benefits wo n't fall in the future . The latest Trustees report suggests that benefit cuts of up to 21 % may be needed across the board to sustain this all-important social program through 2090 . If you 're among the majority of pre-retirees or current retirees who are leaning heavily on Social Security , this is a terrifying proposition .
Image source : Getty Images .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans introduce sweeping Social Security reforms
Reforms need to be made to Social Security to keep the program as healthy as possible for future generations . While more than a dozen possible fixes have been proposed ( some of which resolve a portion of the budgetary shortfall ) , Congress has been unable to agree upon a solution .
Last month the Republican chairperson of the Ways and Means Social Security subcommittee , Rep. Sam Johnson ( R-Texas ) , laid out their encompassing plan to “ save Social Security , ” which included more than a half-dozen talking points . While I 'd encourage you to read up on the plan in more detail , here 's the meat and potatoes of what Johnson 's Social Security reform calls for :
The Social Security Reform Act of 2016 would gradually raise the full retirement age from 67 ( which will be the FRA by 2022 ) to age 69 .
The taxation of Social Security benefits would begin to phase out in 2045 and be eliminated completely by 2054 .
The Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage Earners and Clerical Workers ( CPI-W ) would be replaced as the figure tied to Social Security 's cost-of-living adjustments ( COLA ) in favor of the Chained CPI .
The retirement earnings test , whereby the Social Security Administration can withhold a portion of your benefits if you earn more than a stated threshold in a year , would be abandoned .
Lower-income retirees would see their benefits increase , and the minimum retirement benefit would be lifted for those who worked at least 11 years .
As you might have imagined , the Republican proposal has received harsh criticism . For instance , raising the retirement age reduces payouts for all Social Security recipients based on where the full retirement age stands now . The Chained CPI also grows at a slower rate than the CPI-W , suggesting that retired workers would see smaller benefit raises in the future than they 're receiving now .
Yet putting aside these negatives , the sweeping reforms suggested by Republicans could be just what Social Security needs .
The Republican Social Security proposal has a number of intriguing talking points
Image source : Getty Images .
To begin with , raising the retirement age , while certainly a touchy subject , is probably a smart move for the program over the long run . The architects of Social Security never envisioned Americans living to nearly 79 years of age , on average , when the bill became law in 1935 . Over just the past 50 years , we 've witnessed life expectancies increase by roughly nine years , according to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Increasing the retirement age gradually to 69 years would encourage healthier adults to work longer , adding more payroll tax revenue to the program while presumably also reducing the number of years the program will be making benefit payments to retirees . In simpler terms , it would update the program to reflect longer life expectancies , and that could be a good thing .
Eliminating the taxation of benefits would remove what amounted to a little more than 3 % of Social Security 's revenue in 2015 . However , it could also have a profound effect on lower- and middle-income elderly Americans .
The amendment that implemented a federal tax on Social Security benefits went into effect in 1983 . Here 's the kicker : Congress has n't adjusted the tax thresholds for inflation over the past 33 years . Thus the annual income thresholds of $ 25,000for individuals and $ 32,000 for joint filers are the same today as they were in 1983 , and therefore 56 % of Social Security recipients were forced to pay tax on a percentage of their benefits in 2015 compared to about 10 % of beneficiaries in 1983 . Eliminating this tax would be a major relief for those lower- and middle-income seniors who are earning $ 25,000- $ 40,000 annually in retirement but are forced to hand over money to Uncle Sam that they could sorely use .
Image source : Getty Images .
Even switching to the Chained CPI from the CPI-W could be viewed somewhat positively . The reason the Chained CPI is slower-growing than the CPI-W is that the Chained CPI factors in substitution . In other words , when the prices of goods and services increase , consumers may choose to substitute those items for cheaper goods and services . This is a pretty normal consumer reaction to inflation , but the CPI-W does n't account for it .
Ultimately , the Republican solution to Social Security would give the program some tough but necessary TLC . Raising the retirement age and using the Chained CPI could reduce benefits for some seniors over the long run , but it would also encourage working Americans to save more money and be less reliant on Social Security income during retirement . Remember : The Social Security Administration has suggested that your benefits are only designed to replace about 40 % of your working wages . Leaning on Social Security for any more than that simply is n't prudent . These reforms could also encourage people to work longer , providing valuable payroll tax revenue to the program .
The Republican reforms may not be perfect , but they could be exactly what Social Security needs right now .
The $ 15,834 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you 're like most Americans , you 're a few years ( or more ) behind on your retirement savings . But a handful of little-known “ Social Security secrets ” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income . For example : one easy trick could pay you as much as $ 15,834 more… each year ! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits , we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we 're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies .
Sean Williamshas no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article . You can follow them on CAPS under the screen nameTMFUltraLong , and check them out on Twitter , where they go by the handle @ TMFUltraLong .
The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned . Try any of our Foolish newsletter servicesfree for 30 days . We Fool may not all hold the same opinions , but we all believe thatconsidering a diverse range of insightsmakes us better investors . The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy .
LAKELAND , Fla. ( WFLA ) – A man was struck and killed by a vehicle in Lakeland Monday evening .
Lakeland Police said Steven Higgins , 57 , was standing on the sidewalk in the area of Beacon Road and Lincoln Avenue , waiting for the pedestrian light to change when they were struck .
Higgins was struck by Steven Statterfield , 29 , when Statterfield lost control of their vehicle and drove up on to the sidewalk .
The vehicle continued to travel through the intersection and struck a house .
Higgins was taken to Lakeland Regional Health Center as a trauma alert .
Higgins died from their injuries Monday night .
Statterfield did not sustain any injuries .
The intersection of Beacon Road and Lincoln Avenue was closed for approximately three and a half hours during the investigation .
No charges have been filed at this time . The investigation is ongoing .
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
> > MORE TOP STORIES
New car leasing program lets drivers get new car every two weeks
With car sales dipping two percent this year and fewer millennials getting behind the wheel , brands like Ford and Cadillac are starting “ car subscriptions , ” allowing drivers to swap cars in an out at their local dealership whenever they want .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
President Donald Trump on Wednesday will try to sell the American people on an unpopular Republican tax overhaul that their administration claims will generate about $ 1.8 trillion in new revenue – a figure that a top Democratic lawmaker dismissed as `` fake math . ''
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
1:53 They were unable to survive , fire chief says of family of 3
2:12 Eastman 's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends '
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year 's Day
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability , Liberty Bowl
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
You 'll find a lot of rumors about the P10 if you look around . It will reportedly have two variants : the P10 and the P10 Plus . Both will sport 5.5-inch qHD screen , except the Plus version will have curved sides like the Galaxy Edge . It will apparently be equipped with a better chipset , as well , along with 4 to 6GB of RAM and 32 to 128GB of storage . We 'll find out if any of those are true when the company reveals the device on February 26th .
Britain 's Queen Elizabeth misses church again due to heavy cold
Britain 's Queen Elizabeth missed a New Year 's Day church service on Sunday due to a heavy cold , Buckingham Palace said , a week after the 90-year-old monarch missed a Christmas Day service for the first time in decades . The world 's longest-reigning monarch , who became unwell before Christmas , stayed indoors at their Sandringham country estate in Norfolk , …
The post Britain 's Queen Elizabeth misses church again due to heavy cold appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Chiefs offensive lineman Laurent Duvernay-Tardif received their medical degree , eight years in the making , on Tuesday at McGill University 's commencement in Montreal .
They made the quick trip to graduation in Canada but will turn around almost immediately and head back to Kansas City to rejoin their teammates for voluntary organized team activities , ESPN.com reported .
Durvernay-Tardif , 27 , had joked that once they earned their medical degree they might want the nameplate on their Chiefs jersey to read `` Duvernay-Tardif M.D . ''
That 's the story behind their tongue-in-cheek graduation photo , posted on Twitter , with their newly earned title on the back of a white doctor 's lab coat with their No . 76 , as if it were a Chiefs jersey .
This is it ! Today I become a doctor ! It also marks the beginning of a great new adventure for all 2018 graduates of @ mcgillu Faculty of Medicine . # LDTMD # graduation # passion # nfl # chiefs pic.twitter.com/j4oD1BCuXJ — Laurent D. Tardif ( @ LaurentDTardif ) May 29 , 2018
`` Since the day I got drafted , I promised myself I was going to finish my studies and get that M.D . while I was still playing , '' they told ESPN earlier . `` It 's one of those life projects that you promise yourself you 're going to accomplish , and I 'm on the verge of doing it , so I 'm pretty excited . ''
Story Continues
The team offered its congratulations , retweeting the good doctor 's picture .
MORE : Chiefs lineman wants to add ‘ M.D . ' to jersey after completing medical school
Next on their educational journey : medical residency , where he 's a doctor under the supervision of another physician . That , they told ESPN , will have to wait . Football is their priority now .
Drafted in 2014 , Duvernay-Tardif is the Chiefs ' starting right guard .
The force is strong in the UK with a new Star Wars exhibition world tour bringing a whole new experience to fans - and set to be a top Father 's Day destination this weekend .
For almost 40 years , audiences around the world have followed the adventures of Anakin and Luke Skywalker , cinema 's most famous father and son duo .
Now comes STAR WARS Identities , a redefined modern exhibition experience in which visitors can rediscover the unforgettable characters of Star Wars in a whole new way .
Developed and produced by Montreal 's X3 Productions in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd. , the exhibition - at London 's O2 to September 3 - makes use of an extensive archive collection from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art to explore the sciences of identity through the characters of StarWars .
The stunning collection of some 200 props , models , costumes and artwork from the original Star Wars films , an interactive identity quest , and insightful scientific content , will all work together in STAR WARS Identities to follow the dramatic journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker .
TICKETS : For full details , schedule and ticket information , visit , www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com .
Visitors can develop a better understanding of what makes the characters of Star Wars who they are , and at the same time explore their own identity with one question : What forces shape you ?
“ This exhibition offers a fresh perspective on the beloved characters of Star Wars , ” says Jacques-André Dupont , President and Executive Producer of X3 Productions .
“ We get a deeper understanding of their identities , and , at the same time , we get a deeper understanding of our own .
The collection , the interactive components , and the scientific content work hand in hand here to create a seamless and exciting experience for our visitors . It 's a character-driven adventure into identity . ”
STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Working with the Montréal Science Centre and a committee of scientific advisors , exhibition developers of STAR WARS Identities divided the study of identity into three major themes : the origins of the characters , the influences that shape them , and the choices they make during their life . Within these three themes , ten components of human identity are explored : species , genes , parents , and culture in Origins ; mentors , friends , and marking events in Influences ; and occupation , personality , and values in the final zone , Choices .
These components form the backbone of the exhibition , exploring the complex notion of identity both in the real world and in creative fiction . Original content throughout the exhibition will shed light on each of the components of identity ; simultaneously , “ making-of ” featurettes explore the stories behind the development of many iconic Star Wars characters , explaining how they became who they are , and showing how different creative choices could have made them different characters altogether .
The vast and exclusive collection of some 200 objects from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art features props , models , costumes , and artwork from the original Star Wars films . This rich collection spans the original Star Wars canon , drawing from the classic ( 1977-1983 ) and prequel ( 1999-2005 ) trilogies , the animated series The Clone Wars , as well as a few artefacts from the recently released StarWars : The Force Awakens . Fan favourites like Darth Vader , R2-D2 , Chewbacca , Boba Fett , Yoda , and the Millennium Falcon – among many others – are sure to delight visitors of all generations .
STAR WARS Identities puts the visitor at the centre of the exhibition experience with an interactive identity quest that spans the duration of the visit .
Yoda at STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Closely interwoven with the collection and the educational content , this unique interactive experience will use technology to help visitors of all ages create their own personal and original Star Wars identity by incorporating elements of their own identity with fictional elements . Visitors will then leave with their own unique character inspired by the Star Wars universe and with a deeper understanding of the exhibition 's central theme .
In order to develop the exhibition 's scientific content , X3 Productions has collaborated with the Montréal Science Centre content experts to gather a team of specialists from a variety of scientific fields , including genetics , neuropsychology , health sciences , and psychology . Their knowledge and expertise have shaped the exhibition 's structure , and their input has been essential in developing its scientific content and in ensuring that its investigation into identity is up to date and firmly grounded in the sciences .
The Star Wars movies have broken box office records and won countless awards over the decades , but it is in the public 's imagination that the franchise has truly made its mark by enchanting audiences of all ages and establishing itself as a cultural touchstone across the world . The films continue to resonate today because of their universality : we identify with the characters of Star Wars , and we recognise ourselves in their journeys .
TICKETS : For full details , schedule and ticket information , visit , www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com .
Costumes on display at STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Staff members of The News Observer have won nine state awards in competitions sponsored by the Georgia Press Association . Two of ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news . Not yet a subscriber ? Subscribe today
Police say seven people , including three teenagers , were injured in a New Year 's Day shooting in Miami-Dade 's West Little River neighborhood .
The Miami Herald ( http : //hrld.us/2hEq8Ny ) reports that police say the victims were standing outside a house at around 6 p.m. Sunday when a car pulled and someone inside opened fire .
Police say six of the victims are in stable condition . A 17-year-old is in critical condition .
Police say there may be more than one suspect . A description of the suspect 's vehicle was not given .
A New York woman was sentenced to 23 years to life in prison after pleading guilty to torturing and killing a 1-year-old child they were babysitting in 2016 . Screenshot from NBC New York
HOUSTON ( CBSNewYork/AP ) — Bush family spokesperson Jim McGrath says 93-year-old former President George H.W . Bush is eager to get well so they can get to their summer home in Kennebunkport , Maine .
The 41st president is being treated at Houston Methodist Hospital for an infection that 's spread to their blood . They were admitted Sunday , a day after their wife Barbara 's funeral . They died a week ago at the age of 92 . Mr. Bush is 93 .
McGrath describes Bush as “ the most goal-oriented person on this planet. ” McGrath said Monday on Twitter that the 93-year-old Bush is “ responding to treatments and appears to be recovering . ”
Statement by the Office of @ GeorgeHWBush on President Bush 's health . pic.twitter.com/8UkB53JHqD — Jim McGrath ( @ jgm41 ) April 23 , 2018
Their son , former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush , indicated during their eulogy Saturday that their father had been hospitalized recently at the same time Barbara Bush was being treated .
“ I think Dad got sick on purpose so that they could be with her , ” Jeb Bush said .
Those hospitalizations were not publicly disclosed at the time .
First lady Melania Trump , who attended the funeral , sent their best wishes to the former president . Trump tweeted Monday evening : “ Sending healing thoughts of strength , along with prayers , for President George HW Bush tonight . ”
Sending healing thoughts of strength , along with prayers , for President George HW Bush tonight . — Melania Trump ( @ FLOTUS ) April 24 , 2018
George H.W . Bush uses a wheelchair and an electric scooter for mobility after developing a form of Parkinson 's disease and they have needed hospital treatment several times in recent years for respiratory problems .
They were hospitalized for 16 days in January 2017 for pneumonia . During that hospital stay , which included time in intensive care , doctors inserted a breathing tube and connected them to a ventilator .
They also are hospitalized in 2015 in Maine after falling at home and breaking a bone in their neck , and in December 2014 for about a week for shortness of breath . They spent Christmas 2012 in intensive care for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues .
People in their 90s with Parkinson 's disease are often at higher risk of pneumonia and other infections because their swallowing process can be compromised , said Dr. David Reuben , professor of geriatric medicine at the UCLA medical school in Los Angeles .
“ And the stress of losing a loved one can weaken the immune system , ” they said .
Bacterial infections are treated with antibiotics , they said , while viral infections require other treatments . Infections that spread to the blood usually are not viral , however , they said .
The prognosis for such a case would depend on a number of factors , including heart rate , blood pressure and oxygenation , Reuben said .
“ The more of these parameters are abnormal , the more serious the case is , ” they said .
Bush served as president from 1989 to 1993 . Born June 12 , 1924 , in Milton , Massachusetts , Bush also served as a member of congress , CIA director and Ronald Reagan 's vice president .
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Whether it 's the AA batteries that go in TV remotes or the lithium-ion batteries found in smartphones , you probably have a pretty definite image that springs to mind when someone mentions “ battery. ” That could soon change , however , based on research coming out of the Binghamton University in New York , where scientists have developed a stretchy , textile-based , bacteria-powered bio-battery which could one day be used to power wearable devices . In demonstrations , the battery was shown to be able to exhibit stable electricity-generating capabilities even after repeated stretching and twisting cycles .
The breakthrough tech was developed by a team led by Professor Seokheun Choi . If that name sounds familiar , it 's because Choi has previously been responsible for some innovative new battery technologies , such as a paper-like microbial fuel cell designed to produce electricity when activated by saliva . “ All my previous experiences and technologies on paper-based bio-batteries have been leveraged to develop , for the first time , an entirely textile-based bio-battery , ” Choi told Digital Trends . “ The device generated a maximum power of 6.4µW/cm2 and current density of 52µA/cm2 , which are similar to other flexible paper-based microbial fuel cells . ”
If you 're wondering what “ bacteria-powered ” means in this context , the answer is that the battery could be powered by natural bodily secretions — most obviously our sweat . That would make it perfect for a lycra-type material that could be employed to make sports wear or other types of smart clothing . While it probably wo n't be rivaling your iPhone in terms of sheer battery power anytime soon , it might open the way for wearables that would be able to gather sensor data from your body and then transmit it to a separate device . A T-shirt which could monitor our workouts or a pair of socks able to track our steps ? Yes , please !
Choi said that the team is currently working to improve the power and current generation for practical applications . “ But it will take more time for the commercial products , ” they noted .
A paper describing the work , titled “ Flexible and Stretchable Bio-batteries : Monolithic Integration of Membrane-Free Microbial Fuel Cells in a Single Textile Layer , ” was recently published in the journal Advanced Energy Materials .
WESLEY CHAPEL , Fla. ( WFLA ) — A 22-year-old Pasco County man is in jail for attempted murder after deputies say they stabbed their father multiple times .
The incident happened Friday evening at a home on Ashton Oaks Boulevard in Wesley Chapel .
Deputies say 22-year-old Stephen Grabania knocked on their father 's bedroom door , then started stabbing them with two kitchen knives when the door opened .
The victim told investigators they tried to run away from their son but was stabbed several more times .
According to the arrest report , the Grabania shouted several times that they were going to bleed their father to death while they were stabbing him .
When the victim was able to finally escape , they started knocking on several neighbors ' doors for help .
They were flown to St. Joseph 's Hospital in Tampa with 19 stab wounds to their neck , back , abdomen and arms . Deputies say several of the wounds are life-threatening . One of them was deep enough to puncture the man 's lung . They are now in critical but stable condition .
Several units , including SWAT , responded to the home and eventually arrested Grabania for attempted murder .
During an interview , deputies say Grabania spontaneously said , “ just take me to jail for the murder , I plead the fifth . ”
Almost Done !
Please confirm your details below .
Already have an account ? Sign In .
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you . The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you . You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile . Birthdate { * birthdate * } Gender { * gender * }
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers ( e.g . epaper , Digital Access , Subscriber Rewards ) , please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code . { * phone * } { * addressPostalCode * } { * phone * } { * addressPostalCode * }
{ * # registrationForm * } { * firstName * } { * lastName * } { * emailAddress * } { * displayName * } { * newPassword * } { * newPasswordConfirm * }
By clicking `` Create Account '' , I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account .
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia 's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia 's Privacy Statement . I consent to the collection , use , maintenance , and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia 's Privacy Policy .
{ * backButton * }
{ * /registrationForm * }
Japanese Wagyu entered the Taiwan market last October after a decade long hiatus and has since been commonly seen in various dining outlets . To present customers with a more unique Wagyu experience , Regent Taipei has invited the renowned Japanese Kakiyasu Group for a guest chef event from 2/9-2/11 at the Mihan Honke restaurant ; led by Kakiyasu 's executive chef Muraishi-san , the Kakiyasu Beef-Ultimate Luxury Wagyu Feast transports the entire Japanese Kakiyasu century-old traditions in its entirety , to Taiwan .
The experience , priced at NT $ 15,800 , will include a total of nine courses from appetizer , nigiri , sashimi , roasted items , sukiyaki , to kamameshi , and includes wine pairing selections . A Kakiyasu certificate , which certifies the beef 's ancestry and bloodlines , will be presented to guests at the end of the experience .
Each meal is limited to 20 seats and reservations are available starting today . To join the hotel-wide celebration , from 2/9-2/28 , 1F azie also presents Kakiyasu Wagyu Donburi , Kakiyasu Wagyu Hamburger Beef Donburi and Roast Kakiyasu Wagyu Donburi , ranging from NT $ 480 to NT $ 880 .
ST. LOUIS — The request by St. Louis leaders to have the U.S. attorney 's office investigate police conduct at protests has been referred to the U.S. Department of Justice in Washington .
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that in a letter on Wednesday , Acting U.S. Attorney Carrie Costantin says the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division handles investigations that focus on officer discipline and training . It 's not clear if the Justice Department will investigate St. Louis police .
More than 300 arrests have been made during protests since a judge 's mid-September acquittal of white former police officer Jason Stockley in the 2011 shooting death of Anthony Lamar Smith , who was black .
Police have drawn criticism for using force and chemicals in some arrests . Mayor Lyda Krewson and interim police Chief Lawrence O'Toole asked for an independent federal investigation .
——
Information from : St. Louis Post-Dispatch , http : //www.stltoday.com
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates — American Angel Yin won the Omega Dubai Ladies Classic in a playoff Sunday , beating South Korea 's In-Kyung Kim with a birdie on the second extra hole .
The 19-year-old Yin won with a tap-in birdie on the drivable 17th hole . The victory in the Ladies European Tour season finale is their first on a major tour .
“ I feel amazing , ” Yin said .
Yin closed with a 5-under 67 , saving par on the par-5 18th after finding the water , to match Kim ( 65 ) and France 's Celine Herbin ( 64 ) at 15-under 273 at Emirates Golf Club .
Yin and Kim birdied the 18th on the first extra hole , and Herbin was eliminated after hitting into the water with their third shot .
SAN FRANCISCO — Apple has bought Shazam , the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple 's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones .
The companies did n't disclose the price of the acquisition announced Monday . Technology news site Recode previously reported Apple is paying about $ 400 million for Shazam , citing three unidentified people familiar with the deal .
Apple Inc. issued a statement describing Shazam as `` natural fit '' with its services .
Have you heard the news ? Adnan Abidi / Reuters
`` We have exciting plans in store , and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today 's agreement , '' Apple said .
The Cupertino , California , company declined to say whether Shazam 's app will still be available after the deal closes .
Some of Shazam 's features conceivably could be blended into Apple 's music streaming services , which has accumulated more than 27 million subscribers since the company created it in 2015 .
Siri began drawing upon Shazam 's technology to answer questions about songs as part of a 2014 update to the iPhone 's operating system .
The Shazam deal marks Apple 's biggest acquisition in music since paying $ 3 billion for Beats Electronics ' line of headphones and music service in 2014 .
Digital services have been playing an increasingly important role for Apple as the sales of iPhones — the company 's main moneymaker — have slowed . Software and other services generated $ 30 billion in revenue during Apple 's last fiscal year , a 23 percent increase from the previous year .
Shazam was founded in 2002 and made one of the first apps for the iPhone . It has about 250 employees working at its London headquarters and seven other offices in the U.S. , Australia and Germany .
Two of the biggest names in the dairy and livestock artificial insemination industry will soon be joining forces .
Source : WisconsinAgConnection.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
How should educators confront bigotry , racism and white supremacy ? The incidents in Charlottesville , Va. , this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events .
One teacher wondering aloud about their role is Derek Weimer . They taught James Alex Fields Jr. , the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving their car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend .
Weimer says they taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union , Ky. As NPR reported , they told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart :
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and did n't cause trouble . But they say the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy . Weimer says they did their best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought they had succeeded in doing so . On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville , Weimer said they felt that they failed as a teacher .
For 40 years , the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry . By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments , from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era , they hope `` to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power , '' says Roger Brooks , president and CEO . `` We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history . ''
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic , social and emotional gains in students . A time like this , says Brooks , is the ultimate teachable moment :
`` There 's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment . ''
Indeed , just hours after the attack , teachers were sharing resources online , and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter . Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year .
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white , while half of all students are people of color . Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism , particularly with younger children . Brooks suggests they start by making an `` identity chart '' . This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences .
Diverse books : Some teachers will introduce topics of racism , civil rights and diversity , especially to younger students , through books . Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change . Here is a second , broken down by grade level , by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year .
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice .
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism , as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city . There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend .
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students ' own moral dilemmas .
American Federation for Teachers president , Randi Weingarten , shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT 's Share My Lesson platform : on racial profiling and stereotyping , on civil rights and social justice , on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events .
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag # CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events . Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum .
To help make sense of the news , the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race , ethnicity and identity .
If you have more to add , we 'd love to hear from you @ npr_ed on Twitter .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This has not been a season to remember for Chester FC fans .
Relegation from the National League , two managers sacked , off-field turmoil and a financial crisis have made 2017/18 a campaign of utter misery for the Blues faithful .
But amid the tumult and seemingly relentless bad news there have been silver linings , namely the emergence of the Blues of the future .
This season has seen academy prospects James Jones , Tom Crawford , Nathan Brown , Alex Downes , Cain Noble , Rhain Hellawell and Matty Thomson all make their senior debuts for the Blues .
Brown and Noble have both netted in front of the Harry McNally Terrace in recent weeks to bring some much-needed cheer to the Chester faithful .
But in the case of Jones and Crawford they have established themselves as key cogs in the Blues side , with the centre back Jones and midfielder Crawford both earning England C call-ups .
Jones was selected for England C 's friendly win over Wales C last month while Crawford , who has made 16 appearances for Chester this season , has been picked by Three Lions boss Paul Fairclough for a friendly with an FA Ireland Amateur XI in Dublin next month .
For 18-year-old Crawford , from Blacon , it is recognition for some fine performances at the heart of the Blues midfield since the turn of the year , performances that have attracted the interest of clubs including West Bromwich Albion and Norwich City .
And Crawford 's success is a source of immense pride for one man in particular .
( Image : Terry Marland )
Academy head coach Calum McIntyre , currently in caretaker charge of the managerless Blues until the end of the season , has overseen the development of Crawford ever since they came into the football club as a , much shorter , 15-year-old .
And McIntyre has tipped the midfielder for big things .
Said McIntyre : `` Everyone at the club , and particularly the Academy , are delighted for Tom Crawford . There have n't been many players to come through the Academy that are more popular than Tom .
`` His ability out on the pitch is clear for all to see but there is a lot more to them than that . They spend one night a week working with the youngest age groups in the Academy and works with the club 's Community Trust . They are a brilliant ambassador for what we do . It 's another achievement for an Academy graduate on the back of everything else in the last twelve months . It 's becoming quite surreal now . ''
`` The coaches at the club are hugely behind them and it 's no secret what I think of them on and off the pitch . It 's magnificent to see them get this opportunity and I 'm really , really proud of him . I doubt I 'm the only one that 's booked their flights to Dublin to get right behind him . They are going to have a really bright future in the game and I ca n't think of someone more deserving than them for the plaudits they are currently receiving . ''
Crawford and the non-league Three Lions will take on the Irish XI on Sunday , May 27 at Whitehall Stadium , Dublin .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
South African communities give Nigerians quit notice
The Nigeria Union in South Africa , on Wednesday claimed that two communities in the country , have asked Nigerians to leave their territories . President of the union , Ikechukwu Anyene , said the Kuruman community in Northern Cape Province gave Nigerians till Thursday to leave . They also said the Klaafontein community , Extension 5 , Johannesburg , directed landlords not to [ … ]
The post South African communities give Nigerians quit notice appeared first on Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Brian Wieser , advertising and internet analyst at Pivotal Research , said that stories about Facebook 's problems could begin to add up .
`` Facebook is n't yet toxic , '' Wieser said . `` But you do end up with consequences . You create a condition with advertisers or regulators where you do n't get the benefit of the doubt . Should you believe them when they make a claim ? ''
Steve Carbone , chief digital and investment officer at advertising agency MediaCom , a major ad spender on Facebook , said the ongoing issues are something they are keeping track of .
`` We will continue to monitor performance closely to ensure that our brands are not impacted by an underlying erosion of consumer trust on the platform , ” they said .
Facebook went from a dorm-room project to a global media giant by offering marketers the chance to aim their ads at particular groups of people , a process known as “ microtargeting. ” Debra Aho Williamson , principal analyst for digital advertising forecaster eMarketer , said that the most recent controversy represented a legitimate threat to the company 's business model if Facebook has to make changes .
Williamson added that remains a big if .
`` If Facebook were forced to change the way it uses data or the way its ad products work , then advertisers may become less enamored with it , '' Williamson said . `` But for now , we see no signs of advertiser demand diminishing . On the contrary , worldwide ad spending on Facebook is expected to rise more than 22 percent this year , reaching $ 48.85 billion . ''
Marketers may not be immediately leaving Facebook , but some users were , adding to a small but growing movement to ditch the social media network altogether . TV showrunner Michael Seitzman announced he 'd be disappearing from Facebook while others reminded Facebook of how fast users disappeared from Myspace . In February , actor Jim Carrey announced he 'd quit Facebook because of its involvement in spreading Russian disinformation .
Finally deleted my @ facebook account . If you 're angry about what facebook has done with our data then just # deletefacebook We all moved on from MySpace we can move on from facebook too . Remember we are n't the customers we are the product # CambridgeAnalytica — Eric ( @ ecarpen ) March 17 , 2018
Other Twitter users started using the hashtag ” # WheresZuck ” in reference to the lack of comment from Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg .
Paul Grewal , deputy general counsel at Facebook , said in an emailed statement that the company is taking action to make sure the data harvested has been deleted .
“ We are in the process of conducting a comprehensive internal and external review as we work to determine the accuracy of the claims that the Facebook data in question still exists , ” they said . “ That is where our focus lies as we remain committed to vigorously enforcing our policies to protect people 's information . ”
Even if marketers stick by Facebook and the company only loses a few of its 2 billion users , there 's a growing sense that government regulation could be on the horizon — and that could be a serious issue for the company .
Both Democrats and Republicans issued strong statements on Monday calling on Facebook to make changes and questioning whether the company had grown too big , too fast .
Ron Wyden ( D-Or . ) , a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , sent a letter to Zuckerberg asking whether the Federal Trade Commission should be step in . Facebook signed a consent decree agreeing to protect users privacy in 2011 . Failure to do so could result in financial penalties .
Senator Rubio ( Rep Fla. ) told NBC 's `` Meet The Press , '' that the company 's ability to control its platform had not kept pace with its rapid growth .
“ I 'm disturbed about Facebook 's growth and behavior , ” Rubio said .
Being `` lost in space '' is a nightmare scenario for astronauts , but they soon could be sleeping easier .
Engineers have filed a patent for a spacesuit self-return system to ensure spacewalking astronauts are safe , even if none of their crewmates can rescue them .
This system is , essentially , a `` take me home '' button . [ The Evolution of the Spacesuit in Pictures ]
Self-return
Lead inventor Kevin Duda , a space systems engineer at the Charles Stark Draper Laboratory in Cambridge , Massachusetts , has studied astronauts and life on the International Space Station a great deal .
The self-return spacesuit system , Duda explained , had to be capable of determining a precise location in a harsh space environment where GPS is unavailable . It had to compute an optimal return trajectory that accounts for time , oxygen consumption , safety and clearance requirements , and it had to be able to guide a disoriented and possibly unconscious astronaut to safety effectively .
Draper Director of Space Systems Séamus Tuohy said the return-home technology is an advance in spacesuits that is long overdue .
`` The current spacesuit features no automatic navigation solution — it is purely manual — and that could present a challenge to our astronauts if they are in an emergency , '' Tuohy said .
According to the patent , Draper 's `` take me home '' system can be configured to monitor the movement , acceleration and position of the crewmember relative to a fixed object , such as an accompanying orbiting spacecraft .
Data fusion
The system 's navigation , guidance and control modules can accommodate various scenarios . For instance , the navigation module can be configured using GPS , vision-aided navigation or a star-tracker system . [ The Most Memorable Spacewalks in History ]
Additionally , to improve the astronaut 's positioning and orientation , Draper has developed software that fuses data from vision-based and inertial navigation systems and that benefits from the advantages of both sensing approaches .
The team 's research into spacesuits is funded by NASA .
Down to Earth
Draper 's `` take me home '' system can also be of benefit down here on Earth , the inventors said .
For example , clothing equipped with sensors and other smart tech could serve as an added safety measure for first responders and firefighters as they navigate smoke-filled rooms . The spacesuit could also assist skydivers hurtling toward Earth and scuba divers who might become disoriented in deep water .
To view the patent , `` System and method for assisted extravehicular activity self-return , '' go to : https : //patents.justia.com/patent/20170192425 .
Leonard David is author of `` Mars : Our Future on the Red Planet , '' published by National Geographic . The book is a companion to the National Geographic Channel series `` Mars . '' A longtime writer for Space.com , David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades . Follow us @ Spacedotcom , Facebook or Google+ . This version of this story was posted on Space.com .
General Motors plans to go 100 percent electric , the Detroit automaker announced Monday .
GM currently offers one extended-range electric vehicle , the Chevrolet Bolt EV , but will add two others within 18 months , said Executive Vice President Mark Reuss , with “ at least 20 ” to be in the line-up by 2023 . In addition , the company is developing a new truck platform powered by hydrogen fuel cells , dubbed Surus , short for Silent Utility Rover Universal Superstructure .
The Chevrolet Bolt EV electric concept car is unveiled during the first press preview day of the North American International Auto Show in Detroit , Michigan January 12 , 2015 . REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
“ General Motors believes in an all-electric future , ” Reuss said . “ Although that future wo n't happen overnight , GM is committed to driving increased usage and acceptance of electric vehicles through no-compromise solutions that meet our customers ' needs . ”
Related : Volvo to Offer Electric or Hybrid Only
In recent months , a number of manufacturers have announced plans to “ electrify ” their product lines . All Volvo models launched from 2018 and beyond , for example , will use either hybrid , plug-in or pure battery-electric drivetrains . Last month , Volkswagen AG said it will invest $ 20 billion to develop electrified products . Every model sold by its various brands — including VW , Audi , Bentley and Lamborghini — will be offered with at least one battery-based drivetrain option .
But GM said it will go a step further .
Ditching the Combustion Engine
GM 's goal is to abandon the internal combustion engine entirely . At some yet-unspecified point , all of its products will draw power either from batteries or hydrogen . Fuel cells are sometimes referred to as “ refillable batteries. ” They rely on devices called stacks to combine hydrogen and oxygen from the air to produce water vapor and electric current . That power is used to drive the same sort of motors used in battery-cars .
GM was a pioneer in both battery and hydrogen technology . It launched its first fuel-cell prototype four decades ago . Its EV1 was one of the first electric vehicles produced by a mainstream manufacturer , but the line was scrapped when California abandoned its initial zero-emissions vehicle mandates in the 1990s .
Government mandates are clearly driving the industry 's current push to electrify . Even though the Trump administration is expected to roll back the federal Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards , California 's new ZEV mandate will require automakers to collectively sell millions of battery or hydrogen vehicles in the years ahead .
Related : Trump Rolls Back Obama-Era Fuel Economy Standards
And pressures are growing overseas . Several countries , including Norway and India , now plan to ban internal combustion engines entirely . The U.K. , France , Germany , and China are considering similar moves . China has just laid out new guidelines for alternative propulsion and is now the world 's biggest market for electrified vehicles .
The key question is one of consumer acceptance . Last year , all forms of electrified vehicles , from hybrids to battery-electric vehicles accounted for barely 3 percent of the U.S. new vehicle market . Pure electrics , like the Chevy Bolt , generated only around a half-percent of total volume . But a number of recent studies have suggested that could top 30 percent or more within a decade .
Tesla Leading the Way
One sign of an impending shift is the strong response to the launch of the new Tesla Model 3 which , like the Bolt , gets more than 200 miles per charge and is priced at under $ 40,000 before federal and state tax credits . Meanwhile , a new generation of even more advanced and affordable batteries , dubbed solid-state , is expected to reach the market early in the coming decade . They are expected to yield even longer range , shortage charge times and lower prices .
GM is n't talking about what its new battery-electric vehicles will be but they are generally expected to be utility vehicles , reflecting the rapid market shift from passenger cars to light trucks .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Tesla rolls out first Model 3 electric cars for $ 35,000 2:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
GM describes Surus as a “ fuel-cell-powered , four-wheel steer concept vehicle on a heavy-duty truck frame that 's driven by two electric motors. ” It could be used for delivery trucks , for example , or ambulances .
Earlier this year , GM launched a joint venture with Honda to begin producing fuel-cell stacks that could be used in vehicles as well as stationary power systems . Honda is expected to use the new hardware in the next version of its Clarity Fuel-Cell Vehicle . GM could use the system in a number of its own future models , including a production version of Surus .
This is the latest article from the BBC 's LDRS ( Local Democracy Reporter Service ) scheme , which OnTheWight is taking part in . Ed
A culture of “ gaming the statistics ” at GCSE has been accused of disadvantaging less academically-able students .
A report presented to the Isle of Wight Council 's Policy and Scrutiny Committee for Children 's Services on Thursday last week ( 15th March ) , showed in a number of schools , that teachers were “ focusing on trying to maximise performance at the C or 4 threshold ” .
This means teachers are targeting students close to the threshold , often to the detriment of less academically-able pupils .
“ Every grade counts ”
However , new measurements , Attainment 8 and Progress 8 , are based on a system where “ every grade counts ” .
Instead of individual grades , progress is measured against the progress of other pupils nationally .
Under the system , the Isle of Wight had an A8 score -0.33 below the national average and [ P8 score ] -0.30 below the national average — meaning students on the Island did not make as much progress as other students nationally .
Although achievement in both English and maths increased this year , it has still remained below the national average .
Maximise performance at higher grades
County education manager for school improvement , David Hardcastle , said results over recent years had been erratic , because schools had not built on the success of previous years .
They said :
“ In some schools , improvements have not been embedded and performance has slid back . ”
Mr Hardcastle said schools needed to focus on maximising performance at higher grades and reduce the proportion of students at the lower end to improve their A8 and P8 measures .
Image : Sterlic under CC BY 2.0
There 's a nation wide shortage of nurses right now and that is only expected to get worse . By 2020 , Nebraska is expected to be short by 4,000 nurses . 73 of the state 's 93 counties are lower than the national average of registered nurses to patients .
9 counties have one registered nurse , 4 have none . About half of the Nebraska nurses are expected to retire in the next ten years .
I write you from the year 2017 , where we 're currently awaiting new albums from Arcade Fire , LCD Soundsystem , Fall Out Boy , Grizzly Bear , and now the Killers . The actual news is a new horrorshow every day ; the rock news feels like a short trip to the recent past . Mercifully , the Killers ' new song “ The Man ” is almost good enough to convince me :
Do listen to “ The Man ” at least twice before you make up your mind , because there 's a lot going on : the synth liftoff , the backup choir , the vocoder overdubs , the intently funky bass ( “ funkier than anything we 've ever done before , ” Brandon Flowers told BBC Radio 1 's Annie Mac ) . Unlike the godawful new incarnation of Fall Out Boy , the Killers know their way around around glammy disco-rock ; unlike Arcade Fire , who appear to be on some too-clever-by-half Brazil RPG jaunt lately , they 're willing to embrace being corny about it . The hook is Flowers proclaiming that he 's the man , man , and they sound like he 's probably wearing spangled pants . They can still sell it , too : “ I got a household name , ” they sing , and sure , that 's a lee-tle bit of a stretch , but he 's not wrong , either .
That 's assuming he 's talking about themselves at all , though—the captial-M Man , in the “ keeping me down ” sense , feels more omnipresent than ever . “ The Man ” gets a lot better when you start believing it 's narrated by the villain , and that the Killers are subtly shimmying some kind of truth to power—because on the surface , the lyrics are pretty cliché . If you were to point to a guy on the street and ask for a freestyle based on the concept “ I 'm the man , ” he 'd have 50/50 odds of coming up with something like , “ I got gas in the tank / I got money in the bank. ” It 's almost enough to make you miss “ Are we human / Or are we dancer ? ” ( Editor 's note : I always miss “ Are we human / Or are we dancer ? ” )
As satisfying as “ The Man ” is when it comes to packing a big “ Fame ” glitter wallop , it 's not exactly something you 'll find yourself searching for deep-seated meaning in—which is why , based on the teaser photos , I hold out hope for a video outrageous enough to confirm that the Killers are in on the joke . I want to watch this Vegas cowboy character strut all the way from the Strip to a seedy motel ; I want to see them on a mechanical bull ; I want them to flex a bicep right as Flowers yells , “ You see what I mean ? / U-S-D-A certified lean . ”
Right then : “ The Man ” is a bop . It would sound fan-fucking-tastic in a roller rink . It might even make it on radio . Killers LP5 , Wonderful Wonderful , coming soon . Follow Fox Footy for more .
A glizty reception was on show on Saturday as Herald Senior Sports Editor Robson Sharuko tied the knot with their wife Florence Dakwa at a ceremony that began in Chitungwiza and ended in Belgravia .
Sharuko and their wife of 22 years were finally joined in Holy matrimony at St Theresa Roman Catholic Parish by Seke Urban Father Maxmillian Karombo before they celebrated the union in stylish fashion at a posh restaurant in Belgravia .
The veteran sports journalist , who rarely shows their inner feelings , was elegantly dressed in a white suit and was clearly in seventh heaven from the moment the day 's proceedings began .
Sharuko and Florence took their vows under the witty Father Karombo who punctuated the proceedings with lively jokes that left many in stitches as they told the Herald Senior Sports Editor , who also features on the popular ZTV magazine that “ You always host the Game Plan on television but today it was a planned game before the Lord ” .
After the church service , a long convoy made its way from Chitungwiza to Belgravia for the reception . At that venue , many people from the sporting fraternity and mainly the football family converged to join the Sharukos at the reception .
An authoritative voice of sport in the country , Sharuko 's wedding came just a month after they celebrated 25 years on the Herald Sports Desk .
The glittering event attracted various personalities who included PHD Ministries leader Prophet Walter Magaya , who took time off their busy schedule to grace the wedding and bless the couple .
Magaya said it has been long since they have attended a wedding but had come to celebrate with the couple whom they commended “ for doing a good thing before the Lord '' . The prophet presented the couple with a present of $ 2 000 while ZIFA president Philip Chiyangwa pledged a housing stand in Borrowdale for the couple .
Chiyangwa said it was high time that Sharuko , who made the dormitory town of Chitungwiza their home since arriving in the capital 25 years ago from Chakari relocated to the leafy suburbs .
CAPS United president Farai Jere and their wife Ashley also graced the occasion . Jere who is the Green Machine boss told guests that they considered the Senior Sports Editor a brother given that they both trace their roots in Zambia .
Jere said they were excited that Sharuko had taken their commitment to their wife to another level . Zimpapers , who were represented at the wedding by Managing Editor Victoria Ruzvidzo bought the couple a deep freezer .
Ruzvidzo said Sharuko , who also serves as an assistant editor “ is an asset to the company '' and had pleasantly shocked them by wedding .
Sharuko 's long-time friend , who was the best man together with their wife , Eddie “ Mboma ” Nyatanga , gave the couple a holiday voucher to Victoria Falls during the festive season while football agent Kudzi Shaba also presented them with a package to the Sun City resort and R15 000 spending money .
Former Daily News Editor Stanley Gama and Harare business executive Spencer Manguwa who gave presents of $ 1 000 each , H-Metro Editor Lawrence Moyo , Herald Sports Editor Collin Matiza , Gibson Mahachi who manages the affairs of a host of players and coaches were also in attendance .
Soccer legends Kennedy Nagoli and Eddie Muchongwe , ZIFA Northern Region pair of Willard Manyengavana and Sweeney Mushonga , CAPS United chief executive Cuthbert Chitima , and socialites Dallas Sekawawana and Wanisa “ Mawindo ” Mtandwa were also in the house . The Herald
Saraki : Others enjoying immunity should be tried too – Rep Akpatason
A House of Representatives member , Peter Akpatason , says the trial of the Senate President , Dr Bukola Saraki , has proved that nobody is above the law in Nigeria . “ If the Senate President can be tried , others , apart from president and governors who enjoy immunity , should be tried too ” , the lawmaker , representing Akoko-Edo Constituency of Edo , said [ … ]
Saraki : Others enjoying immunity should be tried too – Rep Akpatason
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
At this year 's World Economic Forum in Davos , the # MeToo movement had a place at the table . Not only were all seven co-chairs women , but also at least one panel was dedicated to addressing # MeToo .
The discussion featured a rousing moment when Peggy Johnson , an executive vice president at Microsoft , noted that whereas earlier in their career they felt they had to laugh along at inappropriate jokes cracked by men in the workplace , now they take it seriously — as does their daughter , a newcomer in the tech field .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump in Davos : 'America is open for business ' 1:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
On one hand , it makes sense that great minds in power would come together at Davos to tackle the longstanding yet increasingly urgent problem of sexual misconduct in the workplace . But is the WEF just giving an obligatory nod to a zeitgeist-y issue ? After all , Davos is so famously a boys ' club that political scientist Samuel P. Huntington coined the term “ Davos Man ” to describe the global elite that attend this swanky summit in the Swiss Alpine resort . Sure , you can be a Davos Woman , but you do n't hear that as much , and why would you ? Even in 2018 , only 21 percent of the conference 's attendees were women .
With that bleak number in mind , we must ask : Can real progress come out of this ostensibly watershed woman 's moment at Davos ? And what would that even look like ?
“ The very fact that this prominent meeting of the world 's economic elite is addressing the topic [ of sexual harassment against women ] is a very positive sign , ” said Alton B. Harris , adjunct professor of law at Northwestern University Law School , and co-author of Breaking Through Bias : Communication Techniques for Women to Succeed at Work . “ I do n't think this could have happened two years ago or even a year ago , and it would be a terrible mistake to pooh-pooh it , because it 's important that this issue has entered their field of vision . And yet , I have very serious doubts as to whether it will mean very much . ”
‘ Tokenizing ' women ?
One of the reason Harris has doubts is in fact one of the very reasons Davos seemed so progressive this year : the all-women co-chairs .
“ I think it 's a perfect example of tokenism , ” said Harris . “ What would have been a more powerful message of equality is to have women and men involved . I also think that we should have men addressing what their companies are doing to increase the presence of women in their organizations . We see this number of women peak at around 20 percent not just at Davos but in government and at even lower percentages [ in other areas ] . ”
Avery Blank , a women 's leadership expert , strategy consultant , and World Economic Forum agenda contributor adds that while they also are n't a fan of all-men or all-women committees , they actually found that in this case , the move was important .
“ The time is now . Having all women chairs is a way to call attention to the power imbalance and reset the balance of power , ” said Blank .
A more concerning point of skepticism Harris points to is in the WEF 's own data . The forum 's Global Gender Gap Report 2017 found that the gender gap widened in 2017 , and that the U.S fell from 45 to 49 among the 144 countries ranked .
As long as women make less than men , they have less power and more to lose . In such a world , the problem of harassment in the workplace can only persist .
“ The injustice and suffering these women face is not an accident , ” Winnie Byanima , Oxfam International director , and a panelist in the conversation on sexual harassment in Davos , told NBC News . “ It 's the result of discriminatory norms and of an economic system that is rigged against women , and especially poor women . Unless we tackle economic inequality together with gender inequality , ending sexual harassment and violence will remain a pipe dream . ”
There is a way to make this pipe dream a reality , but it 's something that every company must commit to changing from within . That likely wo n't be easy because it will require some possibly painful self-examination and re-assessing of values .
“ CEOs need to look in their own backyard and ask , ‘ What is our culture like here ? ' Everyone is aware that # metoo is happening and it 's a problem , but they do n't necessarily think of their own [ workplace ] , ” said Terri Boyer , founding director of the Anne Welsh McNulty Institute for Women 's Leadership at Villanova University .
This entails assembling data and being perfectly transparent about whatever you dig up regarding gender inequalities , lack of diversity in leadership , and any other skeletons in the C-suite closet . And this data ought not to be just a compilation of numbers on a spreadsheet , but the documentation of first-person experiences shared by all people in your company .
“ You need to be able to say ‘ this is what it looks like in my organization , ' and ‘ this is the experience of women in my organization , ' ” said Boyer . “ Doing that deep dive is tough but once you get past that , you can use the data to build your long-term , realistic plan that is n't just a verbal commitment or tokenism , but a plan that holds you and everyone accountable . It 's on this point where most organizations fail . ”
Do n't stop at the C-suite
Another point where organizations often fail is in valuing the work and stories of the people who are paid the least — and in enabling them to share their experiences with dignity , respect , and protection .
“ Women at the bottom of the economy — those who make our clothes , grow our food , and clean our hotel rooms — are even more vulnerable to harassment and violence , ” Byanima told NBC News . “ They can not speak up for fear of losing their jobs . They can not report crimes for fear of further abuse . They can not access justice because they lack the resources to do so . ”
Instead of focusing on only the top-level leaders , why not tap the minds of people below or at least outside the executive realm ? Shelley Zalis , CEO and founder of The Female Quotient thinks such consideration could quickly escalate that 21 percent of women attendees to a healthier number .
“ This year at Davos has been inspirational and aspirational and it does give women hope , ” said Zalis , who has hosted an equality lounge at Davos for the past three years . “ But it 's not going to change the numbers , which is what needs to happen to really reach a flipping point . Plenty of companies are run by women , but cultural change is not just about leadership from the top , and if you keep recruiting for title you will fall short . We need to start looking for different criteria [ such as ] industry expertise ; plenty of women may not have a CEO title but may be more qualified to speak on an issue than a CEO . ”
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — In another newsroom shake-up at the Los Angeles Times , veteran Chicago journalist Jim Kirk was named editor-in-chief Monday to replace Lewis D'Vorkin , whose short tenure was marked by clashes with staff .
Kirk , 52 , became the third top editor at the Times in less than six months . They had briefly served in the job on an interim basis during a management overhaul from August until November , when D'Vorkin joined the paper .
Kirk previously worked at the Chicago Tribune , Bloomberg News and Adweek .
They became publisher and editor of the Chicago Sun-Times after it was purchased in 2012 by Michael Ferro , who is now chairperson of Tronc , Inc. , the Los Angeles Times ' parent company .
Kirk took the job at the Los Angeles Times just two weeks after being named interim editor of the New York Daily News . That job has now gone to Jim Rich , who will return to the paper after a stint with the Huffington Post .
Reporters at the Times have become alarmed by recent hiring of several news executives who reported to business executives — not to editors in the newsroom .
Those hires sparked fears that the business side would wield undue influence in editorial matters . Traditionally , the editorial and business sides of a paper work separately to maintain journalistic credibility .
Earlier this month , journalists at the Times voted to unionize for the first time in the paper 's 136-year history .
D'Vorkin , 65 , will move into a new job as chief content officer for Tronc , developing content for digital and mobile consumers , according to company spokesperson Marisa Kollias . They were chief product officer at Forbes until October .
`` We are continuing to invest in high-quality journalism , which will always be the company 's top priority , '' Justin Dearborn , Tronc 's chief executive , said in a statement ,
Kirk will report to Tronc President Tim Knight .
The Times has seen years of staff cutbacks and management changes . D'Vorkin 's nearly three-month tenure as editor was marked by two combative newsroom-wide staff meetings .
Reporters and editors expressed concern that Tronc was building a shadow newsroom to blur the lines between news and advertising and boost revenue . Editors and reporters asked questions about the business-side operation , but D'Vorkin and other Tronc executives declined to discuss their plans .
`` The Los Angeles Times Guild would like to congratulate Jim Kirk on being named the next editor-in-chief of the Los Angeles Times , '' the steering committee said in a statement . `` We also look forward to working together in the future as one team — and we look forward to hearing their plans for the paper . ''
Just 10 days ago , Times ' publisher Ross Levinsohn was placed on unpaid leave following revelations that they had been a defendant in two sexual harassment lawsuits while they worked at other media companies .
Tronc has hired a law firm to investigate the allegations against Levinsohn made in a detailed report by National Public Radio . The probe is ongoing .
Margaret Hodge is calling for people to join them in boycotting Amazon over their tax arrangements :
“ I hope people take a leaf out of my book and stop using Amazon . I do n't use them at all… If we stop using Amazon then they may understand how angry their customers are . ”
You can read more about Hodge 's strong and principled views on Amazon in their book Called to Account , for sale on Amazon :
“ I do n't use them at all… ”
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. — Turner Elson scored a goal and set up three more to lift the Grand Rapids Griffins to a 5-2 win over the Manitoba Moose on Friday in the American Hockey League opener for both teams .
Colin Campbell had a goal and two assists for the Griffins ( 1-0-0 ) and Ryan Sproul , Dylan McIlrath and Dominic Turgeon also scored .
Cam Maclise , while shorthanded , and Peter Stoykewych supplied the offence for Manitoba ( 0-1-0 ) .
Jared Coreau made 27 saves in the win . Eric Comrie turned aside 17 shots in defeat .
Grand Rapids was 1 for 4 on the power play while the Moose failed to score on four chances with the man advantage .
FILE - In this file photo dated Sunday , Feb. 5 , 2017 , Lady Gaga performs during the halftime show of the NFL Super Bowl , in Houston , USA . Lady Gaga has canceled 10 concerts of their current Joanne World Tour , in Europe and South America because of severe pain , the tour 's promoter Live Nation said Saturday Feb. 3 , 2018 . Darron Cummings , FILE AP Photo
Share
Back in March , Google released an app called “ Just a Line ” as part of its slew of new ARCore 1.0 apps . On Wednesday , May 30 , the company not only launched a version for the iPhone but introduced a new collaborative feature for both Android and iOS .
If you already could n't tell by its name , Just a Line is super simple and also fun . The app essentially lets you bring drawings to life . Using the camera , simply point at the area where you 'd like to draw and press your finger on your smartphone screen to begin doodling . After you 're done , you can then walk around to see it from various angles .
The app is extremely reminiscent of Google 's Tilt Brush virtual reality app , which allows users to paint in a 3D space . But the app was only available on expensive VR devices , which makes Just a Line far more accessible .
Since the app was initially launched in conjunction with Google 's ARCore , it 's only been available for compatible Android devices . But iPhone users can now get in on the fun as well , by downloading the iOS version via the App Store . For both iOS and Android , users will also get to try a new feature that lets you simultaneously create together in augmented reality across both platforms .
To start , place both phones side-by-side and tap the partner icon . Once both phones are connected , you and your partner are able to see and add to the same drawing in real-time .
The collaborative experienced is powered specifically by “ Cloud Anchors ” which was introduced at this year 's annual Google I/O developer conference . It allows developers to create these types of AR experiences through the cloud regardless of whether you 're on Android or iOS .
At the conference , Google made a demo app called Lightboard where two people are able to shoot paintballs at each other . The point of the game is to cover an area with as much color as possible . We were able to play the game successfully between an Android phone and iPhone in seconds .
Even though Google only recently launched its new framework for augmented reality apps on Android , there are already tons of ARCore-based apps available on the Google Play Store . Ranging from Pottery Barn 3D Room View where you can virtually try furniture in your home , to My Tamagotchi Forever where you get to raise your own Tamagotchi , ARCore apps are available for a variety of categories .
NEW YORK — Charlie Sheen is suing the National Enquirer , saying that the magazine defamed them by alleging they sexually assaulted teen actor Corey Haim .
In papers filed Friday in Los Angeles , Sheen called the tabloid 's allegations “ ridiculous ” and “ disgusting. ” The Enquirer 's Nov. 8 edition includes a quote from actor Dominick Brascia , saying that Sheen had assaulted Haim when they were in their mid-teens and Sheen around 20 . Sheen and Haim , who died in 2010 , both appeared in the 1986 release “ Lucas. ” Brascia told the Enquirer that the assault came during the film 's production .
Sheen is seeking unspecified damages .
The Enquirer 's parent company , American Media Inc. , said in a statement Saturday that it looked “ forward to litigating ” the case and welcomed the chance to expose Sheen 's “ depravities . ”
Dive in sooner rather than later to beat inflation
Savings account interest rates at big banks have been hovering around 0.09 percent ( that 's right 1/10th of 1 percent ) . Inflation — when the purchasing power of your money falls as prices for goods and services rise — is usually around 2 to 3 percent per year . That means that the value of your money is still decreasing over time . “ Over longer periods of time , inflation is going to eat away at your buying power , so at the very least , you need to invest in a way that preserves that buying power , ” says McBride . That does n't mean you 're out of options . “ [ Even if you 're ] very conservative [ you ] can still get more growth than a savings account and should be able to beat inflation , ” says Eric Anderson , first vice president and financial advisor at RBC Wealth Management .
If you 've got a shorter time horizon…
When it comes to “ safer ” investments , it 's best to choose something where the principal amount of your investment is protected , says Jim Wang , founder of Wallet Hacks . One way to do that is by shopping around for a better savings or money market account than average . Although the average savings accounts are ( as we noted ) paying peanuts , the best are paying almost 20 times that much . You just have to search for them on a website like bankrate.com or gobankingrates.com . A certificate of deposit ( CD ) is another option to consider . CDs are savings certificates issued by a financial institution with fixed interest rates and maturity dates . Right now , you can find a 2-year CD paying around 2 % . There is a penalty for `` breaking a CD '' or withdrawing the money before the agreed-upon date . But as long as you withdraw after the maturity date , you get to keep the principal investment and the interest you gained . Short-term government or corporate bonds are another conservative option . You 're essentially providing a loan at a fixed interest rate , and the issuer is promising to pay back both the principal and the interest . As of the middle of March , 2-year Treasury bills were paying about 2.3 % ( Government bonds have tax-advantages as well . )
If you 're willing to do a little leg work…
Finally , you may want to take a look at high interest rate checking accounts . No , they 're not typical savings vehicles . But some of them pay significantly more . High yield checking accounts have account minimums , not maximums , because they do n't want to pay these high interest rates on unlimited sums . They typically require you to pay one bill automatically out of the account or receive one payment by direct deposit into it — and they require you to use your debit card for purchase at least 10 times each month . ( They make their money on swipe fees . ) Right now , for example , Blue Credit Union is paying 4 % on balances of up to $ 15,000 . Keep close to that in the account for a year and you 've netted $ 600 . Magnify Money and Bankrate both maintain lists of some of the best paying high yield checking accounts ; be sure to check them both , they have different listings .
With Hayden Field
GET MORE SIMPLE MONEY HACKS THAT 'LL HELP YOU SAVE
Want more tips like these ? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier , healthier and smarter ways to live . Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
Here are President Donald Trump 's full remarks Monday , when they condemned hate groups such as the KKK `` repugnant . '' The speech came two days after the president was hit with widespread criticism for not more clearly denouncing the deadly violence , but rather speaking out against `` many sides '' involved .
Thank you . I 'm in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform . We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker . And it 's about time .
Our economy is now strong . The stock market continues to hit record highs , unemployment is at a 16-year low , and businesses are more optimistic than ever before . Companies are moving back to the United States and bringing many thousands of jobs with them . We have already created over one million jobs since I took office .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Trump 's Updated Response to Charlottesville Attack 3:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
We will be discussing economic issues in greater detail later this afternoon , but , based on the events that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville , Virginia , I would like to provide the nation with an update on the ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone .
I just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions . The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others . To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend 's racist violence , you will be held fully accountable . Justice will be delivered .
As I said on Saturday , we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry , and violence . It has no place in America .
And as I have said many times before : No matter the color of our skin , we all live under the same laws , we all salute the same great flag , and we are all made by the same almighty God . We must love each other , show affection for each other , and unite together in condemnation of hatred , bigotry , and violence . We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans .
Racism is evil . And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists , and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans .
We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal . We are equal in the eyes of our Creator . We are equal under the law . And we are equal under our Constitution . Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America .
Two days ago , a young American woman , Heather Heyer , was tragically killed . Them death fills us with grief , and we send their family our thoughts , our prayers , and our love .
We also mourn the two Virginia state troopers who died in service to their community , their commonwealth , and their country . Troopers Jay Cullen and Burke Bates exemplify the very best of America , and our hearts go out to their families , their friends , and every member of American law enforcement .
These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation . In times such as these , America has always shown its true character : responding to hate with love , division with unity , and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice .
As a candidate , I promised to restore law and order to our country , and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge . We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear . We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans , and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams in their hearts , and to express the love and joy in their souls .
Thank you . God bless you . And God blesses America . Thank you very much .
Police say a man 's decomposing body was found in a Warren , Michigan home . FOX 2
You know that Japan has a serious problem with people working too much overtime when a company thinks there is enough demand to create a drone designed to chase workers out of the office at the end of each day . According to one recent study , Japan has some of the longest working hours in the world . Around one-quarter of Japanese companies employ staff who will pull upward of 80 hours of overtime every month . That places an enormous toll on people 's mental and physical well-being , and can actually lead to people literally working themselves to death in some cases .
Created by construction company Taisei and drone manufacturer Blue Innovations , the T-Frend drone patrols office buildings around closing time and “ encourages ” people to leave their desks and head home . To do this , it uses built-in speakers to blast out Traditional Japanese song Hotaru no Hikari , a tune more familiar to Westerners as the New Year 's Eve classic Auld Lang Syne . In Japan , this song is regularly played at the end of the school day or when stores are closing up , as a way to signal that people should leave as soon as possible .
The drone can also shoot footage and then upload it to a closed cloud service or store it on an onboard SD card . This serves a dual purpose : Both as a way of presumably identifying folks who lurk at their desks when they should be enjoying some valuable downtime , and also spotting potential intruders . It 's not clear exactly how the drone navigates around buildings , nor identifies who to blast with music , but this is not the first autonomous security drone we 've seen — even if it 's one of the more unique applications .
The T-Frend drone is n't yet publicly available , but according to the Japan Times , the two companies behind it hope to launch their new service in April . They are pricing their new service at a somewhat exorbitant 500,000 yen ( $ 4,400 ) per month . Still , if it 's able to effectively replace the need for human security personnel working long night shifts and holidays , that sum could turn out to be worth it for all involved .
MONTREAL — The Montreal International Jazz Festival has cancelled all performances of a slave-song show featuring a predominantly white cast and apologized “ to those who were hurt . ”
Wednesday 's announcement came as festival organizers faced mounting pressure over SLĀV , including Moses Sumney 's decision to cancel their scheduled concert Tuesday night in protest .
“ Since the beginning of SLĀV performances , the Festival team has been shaken and strongly affected by all comments received , ” the festival said in a statement . “ We would like to apologize to those who were hurt . It was not our intention at all . ”
The collaboration between theatre director Robert Lepage and singer Betty Bonifassi — both white — raised some eyebrows when it was announced last fall , but the controversy broke into the open at last week 's premiere .
Protesters gathered outside the venue on Ste . Catherine St. and patrons passed through a police cordon to enter the theatre .
Sumney , a rising soul star , announced their cancellation on the eve of their Tuesday night show , opting to perform at a non-festival club . In a letter to festival organizers that they released , they said it was “ not okay ” to have white performers singing slave songs in any context .
“ Especially not while they are dressed like poor field workers or cotton pickers . Especially not while they are directed by a white director and in a theater charging loads of money , ” they wrote .
“ This kind of black imitation is very reminiscent of blackface minstrel shows . The only thing missing is black paint . ”
The show had been billed as “ a theatrical odyssey based on slave songs ” and a “ tribute to music as a tool for resilience and emancipation. ” But protesters said it amounted to whites appropriating a black cultural form , and they criticized the festival for not including black artists in the show 's creation . Of the seven performers on stage , just two are black , and Bonifassi is the show 's star . Reviewers have described how at one point the chorus , wearing scarves in their hair and holding baskets , mime picking cotton . At another , Bonifassi plays the role of Harriet Tubman , the American abolitionist who was born into slavery .
The show had been a hit with fans and drew positive reviews in the French-language press . Its initial run quickly sold out , and it had been extended through July 14 .
A letter signed by Montreal artists , academics and community organizers calling for the show 's cancellation said the slave songs “ were born out of the myriad types of violence established , perpetrated , and maintained by a white power structure . To now have that violence exploited for profit by white artists and producers both embodies and perpetuates the historical exploitation and marginalization of Black populations in Quebec and the world over . ”
In their initial response to the backlash , festival organizers , Lepage and Bonifassi defended their artistic project . “ For 39 years , the festival has been synonymous with the global village , where there was neither race , sex nor religion and where all human beings were equal , ” the festival said last week .
Lepage and Bonifassi encouraged their critics to see the show before passing judgment .
“ From our point of view , whether black or white , we all have a responsibility to look at the darkest episodes of our history and try to find some light in them , ” they wrote on Facebook .
The show had not been performed since Bonifassi broke their ankle following the June 28 performance , but it was scheduled to resume Wednesday .
The statement said Bonifassi took part in the decision to cancel , but there was no mention of their injury . Instead the festival stressed that “ inclusion and reconciliation between communities are essential . ”
• Email : ghamilton @ nationalpost.com | Twitter : grayhamilton
Why it matters to you It 's not often that video game sales wholly represent the digital wish lists of gamers , so GOG 's latest sale is a lovely opportunity to turn a few of those wishes into purchases .
To celebrate the week of Valentine 's Day , GOG has discounted a wide assortment of sought-after games . The sale , called “ From Wishlists , With Love , ” includes the games most often included on GOG users ' wish lists to help spread some gaming love .
There are 55 unique games in the sale , but multiple editions of games and DLC bump the total number up sale items to 67 . Most of the entries are at least 50 percent off , with prices slashed up to 90 percent for some titles .
More : 7 years later , does ‘ Halo Wars ' need a mouse and keyboard after all ?
Here are some of the highlights :
Pillars of Eternity : Hero Edition – $ 18
Superhot – $ 12.50
Darkest Dungeon – $ 12.50
Grim Dawn – $ 12.50
The Witcher : Enhanced Edition – $ 1.50
The Witcher 2 : Assassins of Kings – $ 3
The Witcher 3 : Wild Hunt – Game of the Year Edition – $ 25
Legend of Grimrock – $ 5
Legend of Grimrock 2 – $ 8
Undertale – $ 5
Kerbal Space Program – $ 24
SOMA – $ 10
This War of Mine : Soundtrack Edition – $ 5
Transistor – $ 5
The Witness – $ 20
Wasteland 2 Directors Cut – $ 13.33
Firewatch – $ 11
Homeworld Remastered Collection – $ 11.66
Psychonauts – $ 1
Dying Light : The Following – $ 30
FTL : Faster Than Light – Advanced Edition – $ 2.50
Rebel Galaxy – $ 6.66
Hotline Miami – $ 1.50
That list includes three of our Editors ' Choice recipients : The Witcher 3 , The Witness , and FTL : Faster Than Light – Advanced Edition .
In the world of digital distribution , Steam is king , but GOG has surged over the past few years thanks its DRM-free policy . Every game listed above , like all games purchased through GOG , is unobstructed by DRM . You can install games purchased through GOG on any compatible PC and , in most cases , play without launching a pesky client . If you 're used to Steam , though , you can always add GOG games to your Steam library to have them all in one place .
You have a bit of time to treat yourself or someone special to one or more of these games at the discounted rates . The sale runs until February 20 .
With From Wishlists , With Love , and the Humble Freedom Bundle , there are plenty of great games for low prices this week .
HELP THE ANIMALS & GET GREAT DEALS SHOP THE BEST LITTLE THRIFT STORE IN THE RIM COUNTRY NOW AT 434 S. Beeline Hwy . ( Behind Time Out Thrift ) Open 10-5 Tues. thru Sun . 928-951-2587 Donations gratefully accepted .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
TO ADVERTISE ON OUR BLOG
The above are paid ads . To place yours for just $ 25/month , call Jim Keyworth at ( 928 ) 474-8787 or e-mail peoplesgazette @ gmail.com . Banner ads are also available across the bottom and top of the blog .
( The Rim Country Gazette Blog is currently averaging over 5,000 visits per month . Our readership survey shows Gazette readers are better educated and more affluent than the average newspaper reader . Gazette Blog ads reach the people most likely to vote and to use your services and products . )
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
These Are The Celebrities That SHOT Trump Down And Why – Americans Now Responding
I think it is the very height of disrespect and damned near unpatriotic to refuse to perform at a presidential inauguration . But a lot of A-lister Hollywood types have done just that . The Daily Caller has a list of eight of them . I 'm very surprised that KISS is on that list… Gene Simmons must have been out-voted by their fellow rockers . As for the others , there are no surprises here . I think they all need to get over it and accept that Donald Trump is now their President . I think they will come to regret behaving like this .
Jackie Evancho , the Radio City Rockettes and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir will be there . Although there may not be a whole lot of celebrities there , Trump will have the military and police there , as well as other first responders . And they will have a section of the American people there supporting them all the way . Trump wo n't miss the celebrity support and neither will their supporters . Those that count will be there and there 's a good chance Bibi Netanyahu will attend .
From the Conservative Tribune :
There are plenty of celebrities who are willing to be patriotic , so long as the Democrats are in charge . When it 's the GOP , not so much . That 's why we 've heard plenty about celebs who are boycotting performing at Donald Trump 's inauguration ceremonies . The GOP has been striking back , though , with NBC News reporting that Bristol Palin has gone as far as to call the biased celebs “ sissies ” in a blog post . Courtesy of The Daily Caller , here are eight celebs who have turned Trump down . Is your favorite celeb among them ?
Celebrities could n't get enough of Trump when they were just a regular ole ' billionaire running The Apprentice . But get elected as a Republican President and they shun you . Americans wo n't forget this . Bristol Palin wrote a scorching post on Patheos calling these glory hounds out . “ Is n't it amazing how ‘ not cool ' it is to be conservative in the public eye ? Either Hollywood is that far off — or we have so many sissies we have in the spotlight too scared to stand for what they believe in ! ” Palin wrote . I could n't agree more .
I have not always agreed with Bristol and I still do n't like what they wrote on Ted Cruz , but she 's right on this point . These elitist snobs are going to rue the day they tried to show they were better than the President of the United States . That 's okay… I have a feeling Jackie Evancho is going to get a massive launch into fame over this and Donald Trump has a very long memory concerning those that are not loyal . That bill will eventually come due .
The Creative Economy Department of the City of Barrie presents : Game On !
Join us on Oct 22 from 11-4 at the Mady Centre to have fun , meet other gamers , and check out some great technology .
Retro to new Gen Video games to play on site – Test your skills and compete for the high score !
Vendors will be on site selling video games , artwork , collectables and more !
Learn from local video game developers on what it takes to be in the gaming industry and how you can get involved !
Think you have what it takes to be named the top Mario Kart Champion ? Register now to compete in Mario Kart 8 and have a chance at winning the top prize !
Cost of registration is to share the event through social media . To register e-mail events @ barrie.ca registration deadline is Oct 20th . Space is limited . Must be 16+ to enter .
* * Cosplay is encouraged ! * *
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Get the Think newsletter .
“ Do you mean , citizens , to mock me , by asking me to speak to-day ? ” Frederick Douglass asked a packed hall of fellow Americans in Rochester , New York on July 5 , 1852 , a full 10 years before Lincoln would sign an executive order freeing enslaved persons in southern and bordering states . Douglass , who had made Rochester their home base for more than a decade after a harrowing escape and journey north to freedom aided by their future wife , Anna Murray Douglass ( a free black woman ) , had , by the time of their speech , penned an autobiography and became the preeminent abolitionist of the time .
“ Fellow-citizens , ” they continued in their speech commemorating Independence Day , “ above your national , tumultuous joy , I hear the mournful wail of millions ! Whose chains , heavy and grievous yesterday , are , to-day , rendered more intolerable by the jubilee shouts that reach them . ”
Frederick Douglass AP
Context here is important : Just two years prior , Congress had passed the Fugitive Slave Act as part of the final provisions of the Compromise of 1850 . It provided legal cover for enslavers to ruthlessly pursue human beings across state lines and force them back into servitude . The Compromise of 1850 had tightened tensions between the northern states and the southern states over slavery in the western territories , where white Americans had already expelled indigenous nations from their lands .
Federal policy had thus sanctioned some pretty disturbing and yet legal rules to placate the powerful few , further empowering southern planters and enslavers to hire bounty hunters to ( and compel citizens to assist them in efforts to ) drag women and men back to hell . Harsh rhetoric and fierce activism was necessary to shock the nation into response and end one of its greatest evils .
Thus , in 1852 , Douglass saw fit to tell the nation about herself : Their address is as much a powerful historical record of moral outrage as it is a poetic document . A conscientious objector , a dissident and a patriot eschewed silence and civility and issued a torrent of eloquent anger to rouse the spirit of northern whites to advocate the end of slavery for a nation who reifies their origins as a beacon of freedom and the embodiment of the enlightenment era 's highest ideals .
This mythology of American independence — that it is self-evident that all men are created equal — is a fable we continue to repeat , but it is incomplete .
And in 2018 , Douglass ' words still rattle and sear the soul . How can anyone celebrate our forefathers independence from tyrannical rule when we are witnessing in real time the separation of families and migrants , who emulate those who for generations sought refuge on these shores for our entire history ? How can anyone celebrate the founding of this nation when civil liberties and systemic injustices yet persist for all who are non-white men ?
This mythology of American independence — that it is self-evident that all men are created equal — is a fable we continue to repeat , but it is incomplete . We tell and retell a story of exceptionalism , of grit and of one set of experiences while negating a coterie of horrors and atrocity wrought for the fulfillment of enlightenment ideals for one small subset of the idealized .
Reading Douglass ' sharpest , most famous rebuke , read in 2018 — after 500 days of the Trump administration — is great to meditate during the 242nd anniversary of this nation 's founding .
Frederick Douglass circa 1880 . MPI / Getty Images
“ What , to the American slave , is your 4th of July ? '' they asked . `` I answer ; a day that reveals to him , more than all other days in the year , the gross injustice and cruelty to which they are the constant victim . To him , your celebration is a sham ; your boasted liberty , an unholy license ; your national greatness , swelling vanity ; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and heartless ; your denunciation of tyrants , brass fronted impudence ; your shouts of liberty and equality , hollow mockery ; your prayers and hymns , your sermons and thanksgivings , with all your religious parade and solemnity , are , to Him , mere bombast , fraud , deception , impiety , and hypocrisy -- a thin veil to cover up crimes which would disgrace a nation of savages . ''
`` There is not a nation on the earth guilty of practices more shocking and bloody than are the people of the United States , at this very hour , ” they added .
Douglass ' words cut to the quick when Americans have to face cruel acts done in our name .
Today , America at their 242nd year , there are children in detention centers or internment camps scattered across the country . These children , from infants to pre-teens , came from all over Central America and may never all be reconciled with their parents with whom they traveled to seek asylum .
The naive among us cry , “ This is not America ! ” , evidence of a struggle to recall countless moments in the nation 's long story where agents of the state and citizens have brutalized fellow Americans . Slavery 's practice was to separate families , often by brutalizing black women through rape and selling their children to enslavers for profit . In the late 19th century until mid 20th century , the federal government made it a practice to separate Native American children from their parents , placing them in federal-controlled boarding schools whose sole function was to “ kill the Indian in him , and save the man , ” famously coined by an army officer . And , of course , even family internment is not new in America , after the internment of Japanese American citizens during World War II -- a federal policy fueled by racial animus not dissimilar to the current administration 's actions against Muslims .
This battle for the narrative of America is a spiritual war in which we are all ensnared , implicated .
And yet , at this bitter hour in America 's story , the insincere among us demand civility from those dissenting against unjust laws and cruelty , even though uncivilized nationalistic populism has been inculcated in the party that once championed the end of slavery , a party which now contorts itself to recognize the humanity of Nazis and white nationalists , at least some of whom have proved themselves willing to ( allegedly ) plow cars into a swell of crowds engaged in peaceful protests , or tried to convince white , powerful men that the cries of children are cheap appeals at undeserved sympathy .
And the feckless leadership of the minority party has , by and large , acquiesced to the appeals of bad actors who demand civility yet offer none .
“ America is false to the past , false to the present , and solemnly binds themselves to be false to the future , ” Douglass cautioned in 1852 . America in their 242nd year faces yet another reckoning . There is a dangerous single story the nation has told itself about who we are and how that came to be . And , if we 're to be honest here , this battle for the narrative of America is a spiritual war in which we are all ensnared , implicated .
We have n't been honest about who we are ; The reckoning we are witnessing is is battle for the soul of America . We 're fighting for own humanity , less we — or at least the ideal we say that we strive to embody — perishes from the earth .
Syreeta McFadden is a writer and a professor of English in New York . Them work has appeared in the New York Times Magazine , Rolling Stone , BuzzFeed News , and elsewhere .
Jide Bademosi U-19 Cricket tournament : It 's going to be tough – Ukpong
By Jacob Ajom
Tournament co-ordinator for the First Jide Bademosi U-19 Cricket tournament , Okon Ukpong foresees a tough contest among the four teams that will be taking part in the tourney meant for teams in the south west region . The tournament commences tomorrow at the Liberty Stadium Ibadan .
Organisers said only four states ; Lagos , Ogun , Osun and host Oyo will be represented in this maiden edition , which is an initiative of Energy and Mineral Resources ( EMR ) who are also the sponsors .
Team Osun have already arrived Ibadan and are training hard to ensure they get acclimatised to both the playing conditions and the facility on offer .
“ They have been in Ibadan for two days now , ” Ukpong said yesterday in Lagos , pointing out that Osun 's early arrival could give them an advantage over other teams from outside Ibadan .
“ It is not going to be business as usual for the teams because the level of seriousness among them is high and I predict a very keen competition ahead , ” they added .
As they spoke , the Lagos U-19 team was in training at the Tafawa Balewa Square Cricket Oval in preparation for the tournament . Team co-ordinator and First Vice Chairman of the Lagos State Cricket Association , Barnaby Ephraim told our reporter that Team Lagos was targeting history . “ We want to be the first winners of this tournament and the trophy . We will do our best to ensure we come back victorious , ” they stressed .
Chairman of EMR , Seye Fadahunsi said they decided to sponsor the four-day event as part of their corporate social responsibility . “ We want to provide a platform where budding cricketers will meet , socialise and foster relationship among themselves . ”
“ It is also our modest way of honouring a man who was one of the greatest cricketers of their day . They were a giant in the South West and we could not think of any better way to honour them than through the game they still love most , ” Fadahunsi said .
The Jide Bademosi U-19 cricket tournament will be a 40-over competition that will be played in a round-robin format . The first and second place finishers will contest for the top prize in the final billed for April 23 in Ibadan .
The post Jide Bademosi U-19 Cricket tournament : It 's going to be tough – Ukpong appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In the latest fallout from the scandal rocking the gymnastics world , the coordinator of the U.S. women 's team stepped down Friday , citing stress from `` the present climate . ''
Valeri Liukin — a former Soviet Olympic champion and the father of 2008 U.S. gold-medal winner Nastia Liukin — had been the coordinator since September 2016 , when they took over from famed coach Marta Karolyi .
Valeri Liukin , seen here in 2012 , resigned Friday as coordinator of the U.S. women 's gymnastics team . Charles Rex Arbogast / AP file
`` I was truly looking forward to trying to turn this program around and bring success to our country and the gymnastics community . But the present climate causes me , and more importantly my family , far too much stress , difficulty and uncertainty , '' they said in a statement .
`` It is time to move on in a different direction , at least for now . I wish the coaches and athletes continued success , and I stand ready to encourage and support all of them from a different vantage point . ''
family is forever ️ — Nastia Liukin ( @ NastiaLiukin ) February 2 , 2018
USA Gymnastics did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Liukin 's resignation , which was first reported by USA Today .
The organization has been shaken by widespread criticism of the culture in competitive gymnastics and its handling of sex abuse allegations , including the case of former team doctor Larry Nassar .
During a sentencing hearing for Nassar earlier this month , former national team member Mattie Larson singled out Liukin by name , saying they made them feel `` completely invisible '' when they were competing .
`` It troubles me that they are now in that position , and I hope for the sake of current and future national team members , that they have changed , '' they said .
In a recent blog post , Nastia Liukin said their father was dedicated to athlete safety .
“ He , as much as anyone else , wants to change the culture and environment of this program , ” they wrote . “ The first step was offering one of their two gyms , WOGA in Texas , as a temporary place for the Women 's National Team while they search for a new Training Center .
” He continues to stay committed to providing a safe environment for these young women working so hard at a sport we all love so much . ”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed USA Gymnastics board resigns in wake of Larry Nassar scandal 1:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Liukin 's resignation is only the latest personnel change since the scandal erupted . The former president of USA Gymnastics was forced out last year , and the entire board resigned under pressure this month . And USA Gymnastics cut ties with the Karolyi Ranch , where some elite gymnasts say they were sexually abused by Nassar or mistreated by coaches .
The U.S. Olympic Committee announced Friday that two former federal prosecutors would lead a fully independent probe of how the allegations against Nassar were handled .
Six Olympic gymnasts , including 2016-star Simone Biles , have accused Nassar of abusing them .
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Much like its zombies who never seem to die , AMC 's The Walking Dead has continued to drag along , but now , with one fewer leading man .
For Andrew Lincoln , who has captained the show since it began as the eternally exhausted former sheriff Rick Grimes , the upcoming ninth season will be their last , reports Collider .
Lincoln will be included in six episodes , and whether he 'll succumb to the same fate of their fictional wife and son before them and be killed off or find another way out is yet to be seen .
The actor previously hinted that they were itching to make an exit , telling The Hollywood Reporter in December that “ there needs to be an end game and that is something that is definitely being talked about . ”
Rick 's death was , in fact , foreshadowed several times during Season 8 , wrapping instead with their son Carl 's unexpected death , despite fans assuming they would be the character Rick would eventually pass the baton to .
Despite last year 's speculation , Lincoln 's departure is still unexpected for fans , who had anticipated Lauren Cohan 's exit after they signed on for a lead role in the upcoming ABC drama Whiskey Cavalier ( just as their contract ended with the AMC series and rumoured salary negotiations did n't work out ) .
She , too , will return for six episodes in The Walking Dead ‘ s ninth season , with a similar “ part-time ” deal to Lincoln 's , reports TVLine .
As a kind of replacement for Lincoln , Norman Reedus , who has also starred on The Walking Dead since its inception and quickly become a fan favourite , will take over leading man duties as Daryl Dixon .
According to THR , that also means a substantial pay increase , with the actor negotiating a deal that will see them earning over $ 20 million .
That 's not the only change coming to The Walking Dead , which will also see its fourth showrunner in Angela Kang when they take over next season , replacing Scott M. Gimple , who told THR after the Season 8 finale , “ We knew for a long time that season ( eight ) was , in many ways , the end of a chapter of the show . The differences that people will be seeing in season nine and beyond are going to be pronounced . It 's going to be a very different show with characters handling very different issues , challenges and threats than we 've seen before . These characters will be different in a lot of ways . ”
More Videos
2:25 ' I 've seen my death . I 'm not going to live long , ' victim tells mother hours before fatal shooting
0:45 Masked gunmen rob Pio Nono store
1:36 `` Several shots were fired , '' police chief says
0:55 Pastor talks about meaning of Easter sunrise service
1:01 3,000 Easter eggs gone in seconds
0:43 Walk with God in a labyrinth
1:32 Man takes Good Friday to remind you to go to church Easter Sunday
3:22 They told their friend to put their hands on the steering wheel . Then a gun fired .
0:43 Brazen thief walks out with manager 's wallet
1:09 Bibb team going to world Robotics competition
1:07 `` Nobody will miss them like we miss him , '' says widow of fallen Bibb deputy
Nahdia Baker was facing over a dozen charges — and on most of those — the jury said they were not guilty .
A new Sting live DVD , Sting : Live At The Olympia Paris , is coming next month . Sting : Live At The Olympia Paris captures Sting 's performance in Paris from April 2017 . “ Sting : Live At The Olympia Paris captures the musician 's critically-acclaimed guitar-driven rock tour as it hit the French capital for a very special performance at the iconic venue in April , 2017 . Hailed “ the show of a lifetime ” ( The Vancouver Globe & Mail ) , Live At The Olympia Paris celebrates highlights from across the 16-time Grammy Award winner 's illustrious career , with blistering performances of new songs from their latest album 57th & 9th including the infectious first single , “ I Ca n't Stop Thinking About You ” , and the anthemic “ 50,000 , ” alongside classic hits from The Police as well as Sting 's solo career . Sting : Live At The Olympia Paris showcases the wide range of their eclectic style and songwriting influences in one momentous live show , ” a press release for the DVD reads . Sting : Live At The Olympia Paris will be released on November 10 . Copyright ( c ) 2017 RTTNews.com . All Rights ReservedLess «
When the Almighty set about to make Bostonians they made them from sturdy stock .
From Bunker Hill to the marathon bombing , they have shown the nation what it means to be Boston Strong .
Click here to join Conservative Patriots on Todd 's Facebook page !
It 's been four years since that day — the day Islamic radicals waged jihad on the Boston Marathon . Four people were killed . Sixteen people lost their legs — in the name of the religion of peace .
There are some who would rather we forget about the carnage of that day , April 15 , 2013 — but we can not and we must not .
We must never forget what the Islamic radicals did to us — the blood they spilled on American soil on Patriot 's Day , four years ago .
Click here to read the full story .
Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary . Their latest book is “ The Deplorables ' Guide to Making America Great Again. ” Follow them on Twitter @ ToddStarnes and find them on Facebook .
From washing dishes at Del Frisco 's to having a top 10 hit ( and being an accomplished dancer ) , Leon Bridges , has had quite a journey over the past couple of years . Seriously , they were washing dishes when they signed their first record deal . Yet , that 's not even the craziest thing we just learned about the `` Coming Home '' singer .
So we asked Leon themselves to share with us five things that we never knew in our exclusive video :
Ah , yes , the ballet classes certainly explain their smooth moves on stage !
Meanwhile , ​Leon 's second full studio album , Good Thing , drops on May 4 . Three of the album 's singles ( “ Bet Ai n't Worth the Hand , ” “ Bad Bad News , ” and “ Beyond ” ) are available now by clicking here .
The Thomas Fire in California 's Ventura and Santa Barbara counties has consumed more than 230,000 acres over the past week — becoming the fifth largest fire in the state 's history and continuing to send firefighters scrambling to control the blaze , officials said on Monday .
Crews had 15 percent of the fire under control as of Monday morning , up from the 10 percent reported contained on Sunday night , according to state fire officials .
Photos : California Coast Battles Massive Wildfire
The fire began on Nov. 4 as a Santa Ana wind-driven brush fire and morphed into a massive wildfire — stoked by high winds and feeding on tinder-dry conditions — that thousands of firefighters are still battling as of Monday afternoon .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Thomas Fire grows larger than more Californians evacuate 2:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Five fires covering more than a quarter of a million acres continue to rage across Southern California , with 9,000 firefighters combating the flames , according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection , or Cal Fire . Roughly 257,000 acres have burned and destroyed more than 1,000 structures in total .
However , the Thomas Fire has far surpassed the damage of the other blazes . It has threatened 18,000 homes and sent 95,000 residents fleeing , officials said . It has already destroyed nearly 800 structures and damaged 187 others , according to Cal Fire .
Firefighters move away from a burning house after discovering downed live power lines near Carpinteria . Mark Ralston / AFP - Getty Images
Among those to lose a home was Ventura resident Antonio Wong , whose home burned last Tuesday . Wong 's previous house , in Santa Rosa , was destroyed during a series of fires that tore across the state 's wine region two months ago , killing 42 people and razing more than 8,000 buildings .
Wong lived in their Ventura home between 2002 and 2008 . They kept it through a series of moves , opting instead to rent it out rather than selling .
`` We 're still in shock , '' Wong said in an interview with NBC News . `` I do n't even know if I 've fully processed the Ventura fire yet because I was still trying to process the first fire . ''
Related : ‘ Like an Atom Bomb Hit ' : Santa Rosa Residents Confront Devastation
In Santa Barbara , the county sheriff 's office issued evacuation orders on Sunday for the area spanning Buena Vista Drive to Toro Canyon Road from SR-192 north to Camino Cielo . Authorities also issued mandatory evacuation orders for localities in Ventura County , including the City of Ventura , Ojai , Rose Valley , and the unincorporated area of Fillmore .
Officials said fire weather could set off more blazes in the region , particularly the Santa Barbara communities of Montecito and Summerland . Gusty Santa Ana winds could push the blaze west and very low fuel moistures , which indicates fire potential , along with high temperatures and low humidity could ignite potential fires on the west and north sides , authorities said .
Firefighters watch after setting a backfire at night to make progress . David McNew / Getty Images
And while some residents have been able to go back to evacuated homes , officials warned that there are residual dangers .
`` When you are able to return home after a wildfire , it does n't mean that all of the danger is gone , ' Cal Fire said in a statement . `` Fire damage on your property and the surrounding area has more potential hazards than you might think . ''
California fire officials offered a webpage with tips for staying safe .
Following in the grand tradition of Bruno Mars , Britney Spears , Pitbull , Cher , and Lady Gaga , Blink-182 have announced a 16-date residency in Las Vegas . The performances , hosted at the Palms Casino , will begin May 26 and run on select weekends through November 17 . While Tom DeLonge may be in Nevada for some UFO research with Harry Reid , they will not be joining the band for their performances . In their stead , Matt Skiba will perform guitar and vocals .
“ When the Palms asked us to do a residency here in Vegas , we said ‘ Absolutely ! ' ” Mark Hoppus said in a statement . “ Now , we just have to cast our showgirls , create our set list — a true throwback of Vegas classics with Sinatra , Liberace . Maybe we can even marry someone on stage … The possibilities in Vegas are endless . ”
The “ Kings of the Weekend ” shows will feature songs from across the band 's 25-year career , as well as songs from their 2016 album California .
Blink-182 Las Vegas Residency Shows
May 26-27
June 8-9 , 15-16 , 23-24
October 26-27
November 2-3 , 9-10 , 16-17
Fresh off a Tuesday primary win , Jacobi Crowley — at the spry age of 26 — was heading to Fort Sill , a military base in their hometown of Lawton , Oklahoma , after accepting an invitation for a simulation tour of the post 's STEM education program .
Crowley captured the Democratic nomination for Oklahoma state Senate District 32 on June 26 and if they win the general election in November , they will be the youngest state senator in the Sooner state 's history , according to John Mahoney at the National Conference of State Legislatures .
Crowley 's win would mark a major victory for both millennial and African-American candidates eyeing an entry into politics .
The young nominee has lived in Lawton all of their life , aside from the years they spent at Southeastern Oklahoma State University pursuing a degree in special education . Now , a zealous crisis interventionist in Lawton Public Schools , as well as a football coach and ordained minister , Crowley is only one crest of a wave of teacher candidates running for office in 2018 .
Earlier this year , thousands of educators revolted at the state capital in Oklahoma City to protest a decade of steep cuts to education funding by a GOP-controlled legislature .
Sue Ogrocki/AP
After the nine-day walkout , the stunning show of activism morphed into a groundswell of teachers declaring candidacies for the 2018 ballot to unseat the very lawmakers that challenged their efforts to restore education funding .
Of the 112 educators who filed for local , state and federal office in the state — as identified by the Oklahoma Education Association as former and current educators and administrators , and , candidates with an immediate relative that is an educator — seventy-one teachers made it through their primary elections , either by winning outright or moving to a runoff .
Among them is Crowley , who is running for a seat vacated by term-limited state Senator Randy Bass , the current Democratic Floor leader .
But they are not new to the electoral process . Crowley made an unsuccessful bid for state House District 64 in 2016 . This cycle , their prospects look much more favorable : the district is a Democratic stronghold that Bass held for over the last decade .
`` I 'm running on things that truly affected my life and that truly affected a lot of people 's lives in the state , '' they told ABC News .
Jacobi Crowley/Facebook
Crowley is campaigning on a platform that is pro-education and pro-criminal justice reform , two issues they view as very much intertwined and pivotal in own life .
They are set to face Republican state Rep. John Montgomery in November , who said of their own campaign , `` There are a number of issues that Oklahomans want addressed in addition to having a fighter for our children , and I am excited about sharing solutions and getting feedback as we go forward . ''
'He always stood out as a leader '
Throughout their life , one permeating thought guided Crowley on a path that led them to graduate from high school , earn a bachelor 's degree , work in an alternative school in Lawton , help with Eisenhower High School 's football team , become an ordained minister in their church , and now , seek political office in Oklahoma .
That thought is this : `` I work in an alternative school . I see the third grade cycle of they ca n't read by the time they get to third grade . They get into the educational system , they act up , they have to come to me . I 'm trying to put some life into them but they 've never been told they can be anything . They 've never been told they can amount to anything . And so what happens is the negative influences that are in their life take over . ''
Crowley himself , in a lot of ways , contented with this notion their whole life — battling the negative forces that could have taken over .
It all began in their earliest years when reading and learning their ABC 's led them to be labeled as having a reading disability — a result of being raised by a grandmother who simply did n't know to teach him .
A young kindergarten-aged Crowley had to work with their aunt every day to learn the tune , which they said put them `` behind the curve . ''
Jacobi Crowley/Facebook
As the child of a single parent , they saw first-hand the `` struggle '' that comes with it , describing it as `` especially '' more difficult in a `` single parent black household . ''
`` My mom did all that they could and all that they knew in order to provide for me and my brother , '' they said . `` I have some great women in my life that developed me into becoming the man that you see today . ''
At the age of eight , their childhood was marred by the death of their grandmother , a key figure for an impressionable Crowley .
`` When I turned eight years old , that 's when my whole world changed , '' Crowley said . `` That 's when I had to grow up because I did n't have my grandmother anymore . ''
`` My grandmother taught me to be very strong , very precise in what I wanted , and be goal-oriented , '' they continued . `` As an eight-year-old , that 's what I did . And I kept doing things within my life , moving forward , and I always wanted to be somebody and do something with my life . ''
Crowley strived to never let the negative influences seize any part of their life , instead , they worked harder `` than other people , '' they said , because the stakes were simply too high for him .
`` I had to go get my degree to not be the status quo , '' they conceded . `` Out of my family , all the males have been locked up , except for a few . All the males have . In my family alone . I 'm one of the first that did n't go through that cycle . ''
After college , Crowley made perhaps their most consequential decision of all : they returned to Lawton . They currently work with many kids in the community , including their own 18-year-old brother , Mark Berry Jr. , through school , football and ministry .
`` [ I got ] a degree in special education and now I am able to first , understand what is going on with these students and second thing , help them , teach them , mold them , to be young , successful men and women , '' Crowley said .
`` He sees a lot of themselves in those kids , '' Crowley 's family friend and fellow church member , Kimberly Jones , said . `` [ He ] really wants to make sure every kid will have an opportunity and go to college . ''
Jacobi Crowley
`` They look up to him , '' they added . `` He has always stood out as a leader . ''
Crowley 's political aspirations , while early to him , do n't seem that sudden , brazen or unwarranted .
`` I never thought that I would get into politics this early , '' they admitted . `` But it 's time for now — my people need me . My community needs me . My state needs me . ''
'We 're going to run different '
Their theory is that by having `` real '' conversations about the pervasive issues in Oklahoma and the ones that have touched their own home — and listening to both sides — voters will show up to the polls .
As Oklahoma made the most dramatic cuts to education funding since the 2008 recession — decreasing funding per student by 23.6 percent , according to the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities , at the same , the state also ranked second in the nation for overall incarceration in 2016 , according to the Oklahoma Department of Corrections .
For Crowley , these issues are first and foremost . They said they see too often the cycle of incarceration breaking up families , even their own , and he 's plagued with anxiety over their brother 's future .
`` It troubles me to see my brother who is 18 years old — if they make key decisions in a negative way , they can be in a jail cell , '' they reflected . `` Quicker than anyone else . Because the first thing is the color of your skin . ''
Jacobi Crowley
`` You ca n't talk about economic diversity , you ca n't talk about community awareness , you ca n't talk about really even education when you 're breaking up families , '' Crowley lamented .
Starting with their own community , Crowley said they aim to `` do more '' so others will see education as the first `` stoplight '' before young boys and girls become more incarcerated criminals .
`` By doing more , I came to the decision of running for state Senate , '' they said . `` We 've seen it on Tuesday — people really want to see something done in their community . ''
But Crowley 's most challenging hurdle is a stark reality for all Democrats this cycle : falling voter turnout .
A new Pew Research study found that while the youngest generations , including Generation X , Millennials , and the post-Millennial generation , make up of the bulk of eligible voters in 2018 , if turnout outcomes from the 2014 midterms persist , they are less inclined to comprise of the majority of voters who cast ballots this November .
2018 has seen some exceptions for young political newcomers , like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez or Stacey Abrams , who tapped into a dormant part of the electorate and emerged victorious in their primaries . Much like them , Crowley said they believe there is an awakening happening in the country .
`` The last election — the presidential election as well as this election coming forward — a lot of people awakened , '' they said .
`` It 's looking pretty good , '' they affirmed . `` I 'm young , black and a Democrat . I want to be viewed different so we 're going to run different . ''
Jacobi Crowley/Facebook
`` Town halls are good — but today , a lot of people are intimidated by that , '' they asserted . `` It 's always good to meet people where they 're at . ''
So they are out shaking hands , knocking on doors , riding the city transit bus to talk to voters during their commutes . He 's coming to them , telling them , it 's `` now or never '' for change .
`` If you want change , they are the right one to go to , '' Berry said after casting their ballot for the first time with their brother by their side .
Crowley explained : `` This is the campaign of the people , this is the campaign of my community . ''
Brazilian authorities say that dozens of inmates have died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas .
The office of the state 's public security office says the rebellion at Anisio Jobim penitentiary complex began Sunday afternoon and was quelled Monday morning . An office spokesperson says dozens have died , but did not specify .
News portal G1 cites the governor 's office as saying that at least 50 have died and an unknown number managed to escape in the chaos . Calls to the governor 's office were referred to the security office .
Similar incidents happened in Brazilian prisons in October .
Two of the biggest crime gangs of Brazil began fighting last year over control of several prisons .
It 's not immediately clear what sparked the latest unrest .
Today [ May 30 ] marks what would have been Big L ‘ s 44nd birthday . Born Lamont Coleman in 1974 , the Harlem emcee rose to prominence after emerging with the Hip Hop trio , Three the Hard Way .
Their first notable appearance was on Lord Finesse ‘ s “ Yes You May ( Remix ) , ” as an original member of the World Famous Diggin ' In The Crates ( DITC ) crew , which was released in 1992 . Coleman followed up with their debut album , Lifestylez Ov Da Poor And Dangerous and made significant contributions to the underground Hip Hop scene . In 1998 , they founded their imprint , Flamboyant Entertainment , on which they released one of their most popular singles , “ Ebonics . ”
On February 15 , 1999 , Big L was murdered at 45 West 139th Street in Harlem after being shot nine times in the face and chest in a drive-by shooting . One of Big L 's childhood friends , Gerard Woodley , was arrested in May of '99 for the crime . Woodley was later released under controversial circumstances and the murder case remains unsolved . Let us celebrate their life and legacy .
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - Parking in downtown Louisville is about to get more expensive .
The Parking Authority of River City is raising rates beginning Aug. 1 . Meter rates will increase from $ 1.75 an hour to $ 2 . Monthly rates in PARC garages will increase by $ 5 in most facilities .
The last time parking rates went up was two years ago . PARC said it needs the extra cash to invest in aging infrastructure . Planned upgrades include a renovation of the Riverfront garage , new lighting at the Ali Center garage , and security cameras at all garages .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
1:55 First bass go into repaired Ocmulgee Public Fishing Area
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 `` I 've never seen anything like this , '' sheriff says of dangerous intersection
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin does n't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy ' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make `` promposal ''
A review of the surveillance material flagged by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes shows no inappropriate action by Susan Rice or any other Obama administration official , Republican and Democratic Congressional aides who have been briefed on the matter told NBC News .
President Donald Trump told the New York Times they believed former National Security Adviser Rice broke the law by asking for the identities of Trump aides who were mentioned in transcripts of U.S. surveillance of foreign targets . Normally , the identities of Americans are blacked out in transcripts circulated by the National Security Agency , but they may be `` unmasked , '' if their identities are relevant to understanding the intelligence .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed ' I leaked nothing to nobody , ' Susan Rice insists 16:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Rice did not dispute that they requested the identities of certain Americans in the waning days of the Obama administration , but they denied any wrongdoing in an interview with NBC News ' Andrea Mitchell . Them denial came after Nunes said they believed the names of Trump aides had been inappropriately unmasked and circulated .
Related : What Is Unmasking , And Did Susan Rice Do Anything Wrong ?
Members of the House and Senate intelligence committees from both parties have traveled to NSA headquarters to review the relevant intelligence reports .
`` I saw no evidence of any wrongdoing , '' said one U.S. official who reviewed the documents , who would not agree to be identified further . `` It was all completely normal . ''
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes speaks to reporters at the Capitol on March 24 . J. Scott Applewhite / AP , file
Their assessment was shared by a senior Republican aide who had been briefed on the matter but declined to speak on the record .
The finding by lawmakers of both parties was first reported by CNN .
Nunes has recused themselves from their committee 's investigation of Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election while the Office of Congressional Ethics investigates complaints that they disclosed classified information when they brought the unmasking concern to light .
When the New York Times asked Trump on April 5 if Rice broke the law , Trump said , `` Do I think ? Yes , I think . ''
`` I think it 's going to be the biggest story , '' Trump added . `` It 's such an important story for our country and the world . ''
Related : Nunes Backs Down From Assertion Trump Was Monitored
Sebastian Gorka , a Trump national security adviser , was asked by Sean Hannity on Fox News how the unmasking issue compared to Watergate .
`` Losing 14 minutes of audiotape in comparison to this is a little spat in the sandbox in the kindergarten , '' Gorka replied .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Analysis : Is Susan Rice Responsible for Unmasking Trump Aides ? 2:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But current and former U.S. intelligence officials have said that any unmasking request by Rice would have been made to the NSA director or the FBI director , who would have the final say . Both men are still in their jobs under President Trump .
Current and former officials say it is routine , and not inappropriate , for the national security adviser to request the identities of Americans mentioned in intelligence reports .
Related : Nunes Had Secret White House Meeting Before Trump Monitoring Claim
`` Let 's say there was a conversation between two foreigners about a conversation they were having with an American , who was proposing to sell to them high-tech bomb making equipment , '' Rice said April 4 on MSNBC 's Andrea Mitchell Reports . `` Now , if that came to me as National Security Advisor , it would matter enormously . Is this some kook sitting in their living room communicating via the internet , offering to sell something they do n't have ? Or is it a serious person or company or entity with the ability to provide that technology perhaps to an adversary ? That would be an example of a case where knowing who the U.S. person was , was necessary to assess the information . ''
Share
Google announced the nominees for this year 's annual Google Play Awards , including awards for all kinds of different apps and games that can be downloaded straight from the Google Play Store .
The winners for each category will be announced on May 7 at Google I/O , and are aimed at representing the best of the best apps on Google Play . This year is the third year that Google is running the Google Play Awards and Google is highlighting a few new categories this time around — including augmented reality and virtual reality categories .
There are a few categories of apps . First up , there are well-being apps , which are defined by Google as apps that empower users to “ live the best version of their lives , while demonstrating responsible design and engagement strategies. ” There are a few apps in this category — including Clue , a period-tracking app ; Lifesum , a diet planner and calorie counter ; and Headspace , a meditation and mindfulness app .
The second category is “ Best Accessibility Experience , ” and is aimed at offering a game or helpful app to those with disabilities or special needs . Apps include Audio Game Hub , which is an audio-based game , and Be My Eyes , in which users who can see can help blind people with tasks through a video feed .
There are a few gaming categories , including “ Standout Indie ” games , which have to be developed by independent developers , and “ Best Community Building Game , ” which are aimed at connecting gamers . In the latter category , you 'll find apps like Pokémon Go and PUBG Mobile .
As mentioned , AR and VR experiences are highlighted , too . There is a category dedicated to “ Best AR or VR Experience , ” and in that category , you wéill find a few different apps . For example , BBC Earth : Life in VR and Porsche Mission E are both nominated as the best in that category .
There are a few other categories , including “ Standout Startup , ” which highlights apps from new developers , and “ Standout Build for Billions Experience , ” which includes apps and games optimized for performance and localized for emerging markets . Last but not least is “ Best Breakthrough Hit , ” which includes high-profile apps like Animal Crossing : Pocket Camp , and Final Fantasy XV Pocket Edition .
Why it matters to you What if Black Mirror were n't so fatalistic ? The first trailer for Electric Dreams injects some hope into dystopian futures .
Back in February , we reported that Amazon had acquired the U.S. rights to Electric Dreams , an anthology series based upon the works of famed novelist Philip K. Dick . The series , a collaboration between British and American writers , premiered on September 17 on the United Kingdom 's Channel 4 .
On Friday , October 6 , at New York Comic Con , Amazon unveiled the first official trailer ( viewable above ) , which gives us an extended look at the stories we 'll see across the first season 's ten episodes . There 's a very Black Mirror-esque vibe in play , with most of the stories being based in the future , but Electric Dreams seems to distance itself from Black Mirror by injecting some hope and happiness into the proceedings .
There 's even a sequence late in the trailer where the phrase , “ The future is still human , ” flashes across the screen , along with some uplifting music and shots of characters that look happy . We do n't know much about any of the plotlines , but there 's a healthy smattering of A-list talent here , including Bryan Cranston , Terrence Howard ( Hustle and Flow ) , Steve Buscemi , and Richard Madden ( Game of Thrones ‘ Robb Stark ) .
Dick was a science fiction author whose work inspired many films , including Blade Runner ( and , of course , Blade Runner 2049 ) Total Recall , Minority Report , and The Adjustment Bureau . Electric Dreams hails from Sony Pictures Television , and is executive produced by Cranston and their Moon Shot Entertainment banner , along with Ronald D. Moore , showrunner for Outlander .
With 10 episodes , Electric Dreams takes inspiration from Dick 's short stories , and includes a roster of established writers to pen various episodes , including Dee Rees , who wrote and directed HBO 's Bessie ; Tony Grisoni ( Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas ) ; Jack Thorne ( Harry Potter and the Cursed Child ) ; Matthew Graham ( Life on Mars ) ; David Farr ( The Night Manager ) ; and Travis Beacham ( Pacific Rim ) , as well as Moore himself , and Michael Dinner , who also serves as executive producer .
An accomplished actor , Cranston is best known on the small screen for roles like the terrifying Walter White in AMC 's Breaking Bad , the hilarious and goofy Hal in Fox 's Malcolm in the Middle , and President Lyndon B. Johnson in the TV movie All the Way , as well as for big-screen performances in films like Trumbo , for which they were nominated for an Academy Award .
But this is n't Cranston 's first dance with Amazon — they currently serve as creator of , and recurring character in , the crime drama series Sneaky Pete , which debuted on the streaming site earlier this month , and has already been renewed for a second season .
Dick , who passed away in 1982 at the age of 53 , is known for exploring philosophical , sociological , and political themes in their science fiction novels . They wrote the 1962 alternate history novel The Man in the High Castle , on which the extremely dark eponymous Amazon series is loosely based . There 's no confirmed debut date for Electric Dreams , but the trailer indicates that it will hit Amazon Video in 2018 .
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year 's Day
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
1:02 Parts of Haiti left in ruins , says UN humanitarian coordinator
Those homeless on the streets are already struggling with the cold as the first day of winter approaches . Te Kāea hit the streets to find out how the less fortunate are coping .
Homeless woman 'Francis ' says , “ It 's so sad , we have families out there with children that are as young as three years old , like 'come on I 'm an adult I 'm really freezing ' . ”
Yesterday was the coldest day on record in Auckland in over 60 years .
Living on the streets for 35 years , Francis says it 's colder than ever .
“ People- if you come out here it 's so cold- people are going to start dying , how many more people must die out here ? ''
Lifewise is a government-funded pilot program which has housed over forty homeless people in one year . Manager Lisa Roberts says there needs to be a more cohesive pathway for homeless .
“ There 's a bit of emergency housing , there 's some Housing First , there 's some transitional housing , there 's some specialist small providers . What we would like to see is a national strategy around housing which includes homelessness , ” says Roberts .
“ It would be great to see a pathway where people have a single point of entry and they can look at all the different provisions that are open to them and they can be steered in the right direction . At the moment people have to knock on every individual door to see if they fit the criteria ” .
They say a specific strategy for Auckland is needed to tackle the growing number of those sleeping rough .
Meanwhile , the homeless do what they can to cope with the winter chill .
“ You try sleeping out here boss . It 's so cold , I sleep with 5 mink blankets , last night our blankets got taken , ” says Francis .
The first day of winter will be Friday .
Daughter of South Korea 's ‘ Rasputin ' arrested in Denmark
The daughter of Choi Soon-Sil , the woman at the centre of a corruption scandal that led to the impeachment of South Korea 's President , has been arrested in Denmark after months in hiding , Seoul prosecutors said Monday .
Chung Yoo-Ra , the 20-year-old daughter of the woman dubbed South Korea 's “ Rasputin ” , is one of the figures in the influence-peddling scandal that sparked massive street protests demanding the removal of President Park Geun-Hye .
Danish police arrested Chung Sunday night for overstaying their visa , Korean prosecutors said , adding they were in talks with Danish authorities to have them deported to Seoul .
Choi , a secret confidante of Park , is accused of using their ties with the president to force top firms including Samsung to “ donate ” nearly $ 70 million to non-profit foundations Choi then used as their personal ATMs .
They are also accused of using their influence to secure their daughter 's admission to an elite Seoul university , with a state probe revealing the school had admitted Chung at the expense of other candidates with better qualifications .
The revelation touched a raw nerve in education-obsessed South Korea and prosecutors sought to question Chung over their admission to Ewha Women 's University in 2014 .
Park stands accused of colluding with Choi to extract money from the firms and also of letting them meddle in state affairs including nominations of top officials , but the president denies all charges against them
Parliament voted on December 9 to impeach Park over the scandal and their executive powers have been handed to an acting president , Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-Ahn .
The impeachment case is being considered by the Constitutional Court — which has up to six months to reach a ruling — but hundreds of thousands of South Koreans have joined weekly protests calling for Park 's immediate departure from office .
If the impeachment is confirmed , a presidential election will have to be held within 60 days .
Choi , daughter of a controversial religious figure who was close to Park until their death in 1994 , is awaiting trial on charges including coercion and abuse of power .
Several professors at Ewha Women 's University , including a former school president , have been investigated for giving Chung preferential treatment .
One professor was arrested over the weekend for allegedly giving Chung a good grade for a class they never attended and forcing their teaching assistants to forge exam records for them
Top Samsung managers were also investigated as part of the scandal , following accusations the firm indirectly bankrolled Chung 's equestrian training in Germany in a bid to curry policy favour .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nigerians urged to grasp value in vaccination
An expert in the health sector has called on Nigerians to see importance in the on-going vaccination as Nigeria joins other Africa countries to begin immunisation to mark the 2018 Africa Vaccination Week .
The African Vaccination Week ( AVW ) is an annual event celebrated during the last week of April . It is an initiative of governments in the African region that was initiated in 2010 . It is celebrated in synchronization with other WHO Regions and the World Immunization Week ( WIW ) .
This year 's event started yesterday April 23 through 29 under the theme “ Vaccines work , do your part . ”
Africa Vaccination Week is aimed to strengthen immunization programmes in the African region including Nigeria by raising awareness on the need and right of every person ( particularly every child and woman ) to be protected from vaccine-preventable diseases .
Adeola Deborah a medical practitioner based in Lagos said , vaccines help to prevent diseases and looking at this year 's theme “ Vaccines work , Do your part ! ” and for Nigeria , the theme is “ Vaccines work , Be an immunization champion ” say Nigerians need to ensure they receive the optimal impact , it will be vital that every child , adolescent and pregnant woman receives the vaccines .
“ I urge Nigerians as individuals , communities , and religious to see these vaccinations as a responsibility and value this opportunity to support universal immunisation coverage ” , said Deborah .
They further stated that immunisation activities play an important role by reducing disease outbreaks of polio , measles and the other diseases .
“ Nigeria needs about $ 2.7 billion ( N824 billion ) to buy vaccines over the next 10 years to enable it achieve its target of 84 per cent immunisation coverage by 2028 , the National Primary Health Care Development Agency ( NPHCDA ) has said .
“ Nigeria will require about $ 2.72billion to procure vaccines and devices from 2018 to 2028 . While GAVI will support with $ 773.2 million , the government and other source , which include Basic Health Fund , loans and marching grants from donor agencies , will provide the balance , ” Faisal Shuaib , Executive Director of NPHCDA ,
The World Health Organisation Country Representative , Wondi Alemu , therefore , has called for increased domestic resources for immunisation programmes in the country .
“ I call on governments , parliamentarians and policymakers , civil society organisations , the private sector , communities and all families to break down the barriers to immunisation and ensure all Nigerian children get the shot to life that they deserve .
“ WHO and partners are dedicated to working with the government in ensuring universal immunisation coverage , ” they said .
ANTHONIA OBOKOH
The post Nigerians urged to grasp value in vaccination appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A jury found Monday that a preponderance of evidence showed that former DJ David Mueller groped Taylor Swift .
The Denver jury , comprised of six women and two men , also found that the singer 's mother , Andrea Swift , and their radio manager , Frank Bell , did not intentionally interfere with Mueller 's contract and were not responsible for their firing .
The jury voted to award Swift the $ 1 they filed for .
`` I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration , my attorneys Doug Baldridge , Danielle Foley , Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault , and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process , '' Swift said in a statement obtained by ABC News . `` I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life , in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this . My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard . Therefore , I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves . ''
The verdict came about four hours after lawyers for both Swift and Mueller made their closing arguments . Last Friday U.S. District Judge William Martinez threw out the former radio host 's suit against Taylor Swift , saying there was not enough evidence to prove they got them fired from their Denver radio station . However , Mueller 's claim against Swift 's mother and their radio manager , Bell , was allowed to proceed , the judge said .
Mueller accused Andrea Swift and Bell of getting them fired .
During their testimony , Andrea Swift , like their daughter , said they did not intentionally call the radio station looking to get Mueller fired , just that “ he committed a sexual assault on my daughter ” and “ I wanted them [ his employers at KYGO ] to make their own conclusion . ''
Bell , a longtime family friend of the Swifts who serves as an intermediary between the singer and radio stations , said they merely asked the station to look into things .
`` All I asked them to do is investigate and take action , '' they said .
Mueller had accused Taylor Swift of `` intentional interference with contractual obligations . '' The former DJ first sued Swift in 2015 , claiming that they falsely accused them of grabbing their backside at a 2013 meet-and-greet , causing them to lose their job . Taylor Swift then filed a countersuit for assault and battery , claiming that Mueller `` took their hand and put it up my dress , '' according to court documents obtained by ABC News .
Last week , Mueller , Taylor Swift , Andrea Swift , Bell and Mueller 's ex Shannon Melcher , who was present at the time of the alleged incident , all testified in court .
While Mueller and Melcher both testified that the former radio deejay did n't grab or intend to grab the pop singer on their backside , Taylor Swift themselves was adamant when they told the jury that Mueller reached up under their skirt and `` latched on to my bare ass cheek . ''
They added : `` He was busy grabbing my ass underneath my skirt . ''
Mueller said in depositions that their damages amounted to about $ 3 million .
It 's a strong possibility that a verdict may finally be reached next week in the case , The People vs. James Worley .
That is because the case is moving along much quicker then originally planned . In fact , it 's been moving along so fast that the judge asked jurors to not report on Monday .
The state only has a handful of witnesses left to call and is expected to only need Tuesday and Wednesday to finish presenting their case . Once they are finished , it 'll be the defense 's turn to take over .
The state started with nearly four dozen witnesses . They were called to help the state with the burden of proof . The state 's witnesses are required to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that James Worley is guilty of kidnapping and murdering 20-year-old Sierah Joughin .
After a week of seeing evidence , jurors learned on Friday that the items found at the scene where police say Sierah went missing , did contain Worley 's DNA . In addition , Sierah 's DNA and blood was found on items located at Worley 's property .
A witness was asked what they found on an air mattress that was presumptive positive for blood .
`` On the sample collected from the air mattress I obtained a mixture . Sierah Joughin was included as a major contributor and that statistic was rarer than one in one trillion and James Worley was excluded , '' explained the witness .
But even with the state 's presentation of their evidence and witnesses , Worley 's defense team worked to cast a shadow of doubt in juror 's minds that Worley was not the killer . Worley 's attorney pointed out that DNA from a man was found under Sierah 's fingernails , but was not the defendants .
The coroner who performed Sierah 's autopsy is still waiting to testify , along with James 's brother , Mark Worley .
Mark lived in a trailer on their brother 's property .
Friday will be the defense 's turn to take over . They have a short list of witnesses to call . It 's also a possibility that James Worley could take the stand in their own defense .
The Honorable Robinson told the jury to expect to begin deliberating next Monday .
It is now a possibility that within one week , there will finally be a conclusion to this case that has been in the works for nearly two years .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
Entertainment of Saturday , 7 October 2017
Source : mynewsgh.com
2017-10-07
Majid Michel
By now , it should n't be news to you that actor Majid Michel has taken God as their Lord and personal savior .
The actor , has since been turned into a new leaf and lives a Godly life .
There has always been several arguments and controversies surrounding paying of tithe by Christians and in order to address the unending debate , the actor came up with this piece .
READ Their OPINION BELOW
Now in the scripture , God established what we call tithing . Tithing was the act of paying God 10 % of your income . And notice the emphasis is on “ PAYiNG ” . You do n't “ GiVE ” a tithe . A tithe is not a donation . it 's a Tax .
According to the scripture , you owe God 10 % of your total income and after you pay God what you owe Him , you then give as God has prospered you .
Now I owe God 10 % of my income and according to scripture , I owe God 10 % of my income on behalf of whom ? Who was the tithe for ? … . For the POOR ! YES ! The tithe was for the POOR. ! Read how Ruth met Boaz in the Bible and study what we call Gleaning . All was for the poor .
Better glass tinted windows , larger pipe organs , better carpet for the floor , better pews for the sanctuary , bigger fellowship hall , better Christian education building , we cheat God and we Rob from God by giving the money back to ourselves when God says it belongs to the poor .
In the 70 's statistics said there were about 60million Americans that claim to be born again and committed to the Lordship and Authority of Jesus Christ and believe that the Bible is the word of God . Ok . These 60million , have a per capita income of 21 thousand dollars a year .
This comes to something like 1.2 trillion dollars . if those people were obeying the word of God according to the scripture , it means that 120 billion dollars of their income belong to the poor . And if Gods people were paying God what they owe Him on Behalf of the poor , there literally will be very little poverty in the world .
And so the prophet asked a question , will a person rob God ? I suggest to you that week in and week out , we rob God by not directing our income to where God says it ought to Go . Jesus is my savior . Not my religion . What we fail to realize is that God does n't need Your money .
The church does . God is looking at your heart and loves a cheerful giver . if the church expenditure of money received is your issue , then address that . Do n't address giving to the Church . if you do your part , God will do their part according to Their PROMiSE .
What the church does with the money has always been an issue . And that should not stop anyone from Giving to the Body of Christ . # LEADERSHiP
Get the Mach newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
It 's another scheme for finding the Romulans or the Borg — and it definitely has some advantages .
The usual approach to looking for alien societies is to scan the skies for signals like radio transmissions or bright , flashing lasers . Either would tell us that someone 's out there .
Lamentably , these schemes have a troublesome drawback : the need for synchronicity between the sender ( aliens ) and the receiver ( us ) . What are the chances that , when our attention is directed to a particular planetary system , their transmitters are aimed our way ? It 's like two pairs of eyes meeting across a crowded casino . It might not happen .
That 's why a detection scheme that does n't depend on synchronicity — like the one proposed in a new paper published in The Astrophysical Journal — has such great appeal . The idea is to hunt for evidence that 's always around — artifacts that might even outlast the extraterrestrials themselves , in the same way that fossilized bones reveal the long-gone dinosaurs . We 've never seen a T. rex , nor heard its roar . But we have no doubt that they once stomped across the landscape .
Maybe we could sniff out our bumpy-headed brethren by examining the atmosphere around their home planet . For example , we might use instruments to look for the presence of chlorofluorocarbons — the woeful result of too much Klingon hairspray .
Sadly , detecting this gas from light-years away is beyond the capabilities of even the biggest telescopes . But there 's another kind of artifact that might be possible to find . Spanish astronomer Hector Socas-Navarro argues in the paper that we might look for artificial satellites around distant planets . After all , satellites are something you might expect any respectable alien society to have .
For us earthlings , satellites serve a multitude of functions , including spying on our enemies , enabling GPS , and furnishing the endlessly fascinating imagery you can peruse on Google Earth .
But one subclass of the 3,000 or so satellites swarming around Earth is particularly useful : the 400 that pirouette around the planet at roughly 22,000 miles above the equator . At that altitude , these so-called geostationary satellites complete one orbit every 24 hours , the same rate at which the Earth spins . Consequently , they appear fixed in the sky . That makes them especially handy for photographing the weather , relaying international phone calls , and beaming down satellite TV .
Now suppose there are aliens out there who are substantially more advanced than we are . Their planet might be orbited by billions or trillions of geostationary satellites instead of our measly 400 . And astronomers might be able to detect this orbiting thicket of space hardware when the planet comes between us and its host star — what astronomers call a transit .
Artistic ( unrealistic ) representation of a Clarke exobelt . Caro Waro / via Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias
If this were to happen , the dimming of starlight caused by the planet would be preceded and then followed by a very slight dimming by its satellite necklace . This would be especially pronounced if we saw the necklace edge-on , which would block out more starlight and thus be more noticeable .
The beauty of this scheme is manifold . To begin with , there 's no synchronicity problem , so the aliens do n't need to make any effort to get in touch . Even if they managed to blow themselves to smithereens millions of years ago , their satellites might still be around to mark their collective grave .
In addition , this approach requires no new telescopes nor even any new experiments . Astronomers would only need to do a careful check of data that 's already been collected in the search for exoplanets .
Despite what you see on TV and in movies , we 're unlikely to meet aliens anytime soon . In fact , we 're not even sure aliens are out there . But Socas-Navarro 's idea of looking for massive satellite swarms is a clever one . Its chances for success may not be great , but it 's easy to try . And there 's no winning this game without playing .
Dr. Seth Shostak is the senior astronomer at the SETI Institute in Mountain View , California and a noted expert on the search for extraterrestrial intelligence .
Gastrectomy
A slide show depicting gastrectomy , surgery to remove part or all of the stomach .
Northside defensive back Alijah McGhee ( 28 ) knocks the ball loose form Valdosta punter Davis Baldwin ( 45 ) during their game Friday night . Jason Vorhees jvorhees @ macon.com
Get the Think newsletter .
On Tuesday , May 29 global coffee chain Starbucks closed down around 8,000 of its stores in the U.S. for “ unconscious bias ” training . On the very same day , ABC cancelled its highly rated reboot “ Roseanne ” over the sitcom star 's racist Twitter rant ( or as they called it , a “ joke ” ) about former presidential advisor Valerie Jarrett .
While Roseanne Barr may be finally facing the consequences for their actions , the same can not be said for millions of others in this country . Indeed , something very ugly is happening in our nation right now with respect to black Americans . And that ugliness can not be swept under the carpet any more by the rest of America .
Obviously this race problem did not begin or end in a Philadelphia coffee shop ( or the social media feed of a sitcom star ) , but the public arrest of two black men sitting quietly in a Starbucks in April is yet more evidence of a situation that can no longer be ignored . To tackle this problem , however , we have to understand its origins : What we are confronting in 2018 is in fact the continuation of an American legacy dating back to the 18th century .
As president and slave owner Thomas Jefferson noted in their “ Notes on the State of Virginia ” in the early 1780s :
`` It will probably be asked , why not retain and incorporate the blacks into the state , and thus save the expense of supplying , by importation of white settlers , the vacancies they will leave ? Deep rooted prejudices entertained by the whites ; ten thousand recollections , by the blacks , of the injuries they have sustained ; new provocations ; the real distinctions which nature has made ; and many other circumstances , will divide us into parties , and produce convulsions which will probably never end but in the extermination of the one or the other race . ''
Jefferson , like many of their white peers , considered blacks inferior to whites and feared a race war would ensue if they were emancipated . Jefferson believed that slaves would retaliate against their former masters and thus embraced the idea of `` colonization '' : arranging for transportation of free blacks to Africa , regardless of their birthplace . Slavery , Jefferson wrote , was “ demoralizing to both White and Black society . ”
From the beginning , the Founding Fathers believed not only that slaves were inherently less than , but that they would stage an uprising if they were ever allowed to be free . This sense of superiority , mixed with a racially charged fear of free African Americans , continues to inform society today .
Here 's the point : whether in a college dorm in New Haven or a CVS parking lot in Milwaukee or a Waffle House in North Carolina , black citizens are clearly being singled out , attacked , violated and arrested by police for just simply existing in public . Several of these most recent incidences stemmed from anonymous phone calls from “ concerned ” white citizens attempting to use the police as a personal protection detail to guard against minorities . ( Resulting , I might add , in no repercussions or fines . )
Sometimes , as happened in Philadelphia , these incidents have been turned into learning experiences . After a store manager called the police on two men sitting in a store located in the mostly white upper middle-class Rittenhouse suburb of Philadelphia , the CEO of Starbucks apologized and met with the pair . Then Starbucks acted : It set up a foundation for the two men to help others in Philadelphia , and ordered a mass employee training session on racial bias . It accepted responsibility for the mistake and took action to try and fix it .
Often , however , the outcome has been far less positive . In April , police officers in an Alabama Waffle House wrestled a woman to the ground , ultimately exposing their breast . Waffle House defended the employee , prompting Dr. Bernice King , the daughter of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , to call for a national boycott of the chain . In May , days after a young black Yale student had the police called on them for sleeping in their shared dorm space , they said the university had yet to apologize to her , or take disciplinary action against the white student who called the police .
And on March 18 , an unarmed , 22-year-old black man named Stephon Clark was shot to death by police in their grandmother 's California backyard . Videos of the incident show it took several minutes for the officers involved to administer aid as Clark bled out in front of them .
It does n't matter who you are or what you are doing — being black in public in America remains a potentially dangerous activity . Just ask the young black people in California who were greeted by police cars outside their Airbnb after a neighbor called the police . Their crime ? Not smiling enough . Or ask the black women at a country club in Dover , Pennsylvania , who had the cops called on them because they were playing too slow .
LONDON — As they were waiting for The Killers to arrive on stage at a music festival in London last month , Gina Martin says they noticed two men nearby looking at a picture of a woman 's crotch on a phone screen .
The freelance writer from London says they could barely believe it when they realized the skirt and underwear displayed were hers .
The image had been taken moments before and captured “ my legs , my thighs , my crotch , ” said Martin . “ I knew it was me straight away because of what I was wearing . ”
Martin , 25 , had just become a victim of what is known as `` upskirting . ''
They quickly alerted nearby police officers who then questioned the two men they told them had snapped the photo . Although Martin says the officers were helpful and empathetic , they say they warned them there might not be much they 'd be able to do about it .
Gina Martin / NBC News
Five days later , they say they received a phone call from police saying they were closing the case .
Martin says they have since learned that under English law there is no specific legislation designed to deal with “ upskirting ” or “ downblousing ” — where mobile phones or cameras are used to surreptitiously photograph woman underneath their clothing in public without consent .
Martin has since garnered significant attention in the British press over their case , as well as the support of public figures .
Professor Clare McGlynn , an expert in legal regulation of image-based sexual abuse at Britain 's Durham University , explains that England has laws that prevent voyeuristic images being taken in private settings like homes and changing rooms .
But because most upskirting takes place in public , no law clearly covers this activity .
When upskirting is prosecuted in England it is usually done under what is called “ outraging public decency , ” McGlynn continues . That means the charge is generally based on offense caused to the wider public who may have witnessed the act rather than for the harm caused to the person photographed .
But Martin believes this is n't enough in an age when compromising or “ creepy ” images taken in a public place without permission can be shared instantly on social media or even uploaded to porn websites .
“ I got so many messages from women who this has happened to ”
London 's Metropolitan Police told NBC News in a statement they believed Martin 's case had initially been dealt with “ in line with the victims wishes , ” but that they had since “ recontacted the victim and inquiries are ongoing . ”
The Met also stated that it “ takes allegations of voyeurism seriously and does and will investigate them thoroughly . ”
Martin says they are aware their case has been re-opened . But they have already resolved to take matters into their own hands by starting an online petition to raise awareness on the issue in the hope of pressurizing U.K. lawmakers to act .
At time of writing more than 60,000 people had signed on in support . If 100,000 sign up the issue will have to be offically considered for debate in the British parliament .
Yet Martin 's experiences are not unique and upskirting is far from just a U.K. problem .
The Japan Times reported police in Kyoto , Japan , were ramping up vigilance at train stations , temples and shrines last October amid reports of people trying to take photos of girls ' and women 's underwear in major tourist areas .
Singer Katy Perry accused photographers of trying to take photos up their skirt in much publicized incident in 2010 , which resulted in their then-husband Russell Brand being arrested after a subsequent scuffle with photographers .
Katy Perry and Russell Brand attend John Galliano Pret a Porter show as part of the Paris Womenswear Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2010 at Halle Freyssinet on Oct. 7 , 2009 . Eric Ryan / Getty Images Contributor
Holly Kearl of Washington D.C. non-profit , Stop Street Harassment , meanwhile , points to a case where a teenager was charged in connection with upskirting photos taken of women who were riding the escalator at various Metro stations in Maryland just last week
According to Christina Gagnier , a California based lawyer and advisor for the anti-cyber exploitation non-profit Without My Consent , laws on upskirting differ from state to state in the U.S ..
In California , for example , upskirting falls under and is covered by the non-consensual distribution of intimate photos , ” Gagnier says .
More than 30 states have moved on the wider issue of “ non-consensual pornography ” which accounts for issues like upskirting and revenge porn , Gagnier adds .
But like in England , there remain places where the law was never designed to contemplate issues like upskirting , which have become prominent with modern tools like camera phones and selfie sticks .
Susan Gallagher , a professor of political science who specializes in gender , privacy and politics at the University of Massachusetts Lowell , says many uskirting cases in the U.S. rely on older laws and have hinged upon what degree of privacy a victim can expect in a public place .
“ [ The best solution would be ] a very robust criminal and civil regime at a federal level ”
They point to a 2016 case in Georgia where a man was found not guilty of taking upskirting photos in a grocery store . Under voyeurism laws in the state at the time , such images were only illegal if they occurred “ in any private place and out of public view . ”
Some states with similarly worded laws have tried to argue that the “ private place ” is the woman 's body , Gallagher continues . But seeing as that is not how those laws were intended when written that interpretation “ has n't really held , ” they said .
Georgia subsequently moved to amend its laws and as of May upskirting is now illegal in the state .
Gagnier says they wish the issue did n't have to be legislated upon but believes the best solution would be “ a very robust criminal and civil regime at a federal level so victims have access to justice down both of those paths . ”
They say that would be the case if a 2016 bill introduced by California Congresswoman Jackie Speier on non-consensual pornography were to become law .
Back in England , McGlynn highlights laws that have been introduced in Scotland and the Australian state of Victoria as key examples to be followed by U.K. legislators .
Gina Martin / NBC News
Martin , meanwhile , says their campaign has received messages of support from lawyers and lawmakers in the U.K. parliament . Ideally , they want upskirting to be regarded as a sexual offense .
“ If it was classed as a sexual offence a lot more women would start reporting it as they could do so anonymously , ” they say .
Yet just raising the issue and speaking to other women has been a reassuring experience for Martin , even though they have received abuse from trolls on various social media channels as well .
“ I got so many messages from women who this has happened to , so it 's obviously a really big issue , ” they say .
“ Girls as young as 15 [ told me it has happened to them ] . They did n't know what to do . So this is why I really want to push it , ” they add .
President Donald Trump said Saturday that the memo released by the House Intelligence Committee the day before has vindicated them and proved that the special counsel 's Russia investigation is an `` American disgrace . ''
In a tweet posted Saturday morning , Trump continued their attacks against their own FBI and Justice Department for its investigation into potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign during the 2016 election .
`` This memo totally vindicates 'Trump ' in probe , '' the president tweeted . `` But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . ''
This memo totally vindicates “ Trump ” in probe . But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 3 , 2018
Trump 's tweet appeared to support contentions made by Democrats like Rep. Adam Schiff of California that the memo 's release was merely a partisan attempt to undermine the Russia investigation .
On Saturday , Schiff responded to Trump 's tweet by claiming that — far from vindicating the president — the memo in fact proved `` quite the opposite . ''
`` The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your adviser , Papadopoulous , who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians , '' tweeted Schiff , who is the ranking member on the committee .
Quite the opposite , Mr. President . The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your advisor , Papadopoulos , who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians . https : //t.co/2rGOE1jGg2 — Adam Schiff ( @ RepAdamSchiff ) February 3 , 2018
On Friday , after more than a week of speculation and partisan infighting , the White House declassified a memo written by House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , and staffers .
Related : The House memo does n't prove the Mueller probe is a fraud
FBI and Department of Justice ( DOJ ) officials fought hard against the memo 's release , even issuing a rare statement claimingthat they had `` grave concerns '' about inaccuracies and misleading conclusions in the document .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pres . Trump says GOP memo 'vindicates ' them 2:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In an interview with Fox News on Friday , Nunes said although they helped write the controversial memo , they had not read the FISA application under question .
Instead , as part of an agreement with DOJ officials , Nunes said one Democrat and one Republican were allowed to read the documents . Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-S.C. , a former federal prosecutor , and Schiff were selected .
House Republicans have touted the memo as proof that the premise of the Russia investigation is flawed . The memo argues that the FBI misled the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court about the basis for its application to eavesdrop on Trump campaign aide Carter Page .
Related : No , the GOP 's public war with the FBI is not normal
The memo states that the decision to spy on Page was based on a dossier written by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele , who Republicans claim had an overt anti-Trump bias .
But after analyzing the four-page document , many political analysts noted that the memo does not shed light on what role , if any , the dossier played in the special counsel 's inquiry . Others note that Page came under surveillance in October 2016 , after the Russia investigation was well under way .
Trump continued to tweet about the Russia investigation Saturday evening . Trump touted what they called `` great jobs numbers '' and rising wages , but `` nobody even talks about them . ''
`` Only Russia , Russia , Russia , despite the fact that , after a year of looking , there is No Collusion ! '' the president tweeted .
Why it matters to you Dalek fans , this is surely the documentary you 've all been waiting for ( because it 's about Daleks ) .
A feature-length documentary revealing everything you never needed to know about Doctor Who ‘ s Daleks is coming to the big screen . Maybe .
It 's hard to convey the enormity of the Daleks ' impact on British popular culture in their 54-year lifespan , their pepper-pot appearance and wobbly voices terrifying generations of children who dared peek at the TV from behind the safety of the sofa whenever the Skaro natives showed up on screen .
One of their biggest fans , British writer and filmmaker Victor Lewis-Smith , is keen to set to work on a tell-all Dalek documentary for cinema release . But they need your help .
The unexpurgated history
Lewis-Smith says that while the BBC has commissioned a ton of programming from them over the years , “ there 's one proposal they have always rejected . That 's the unexpurgated history of the Daleks . Why ? What secrets about the Daleks do they want to keep hidden ? ”
He 's therefore turning to crowdfunding in a bid to cobble together the cash to get the movie — called The Undiscovered Daleks — off the ground .
The filmmaker says that , to their amazement , no documentary maker has ever taken the Daleks on despite their enduring fame and popularity .
Lewis-Smith is clearly up for the challenge , claiming that “ it 's time to investigate the myths , misunderstandings , and unknown stories that surround these cybernetic monsters . ”
The weirder side
Besides delving into the Daleks ' fictional and real life stories , the movie will also explore “ the weirder side , such as The Gay Daleks , pop star Daleks , and Dalek merchandise. ” It also plans to include interviews with famous Dalek fans , among them former Doctor Who is a actor Tom Baker , occasional Doctor Who is a writer Mark Gatiss , and the multi-talented Stephen Fry .
“ Every aspect of Dalek culture will be explored , ” the filmmaker promises .
The project is hoping to raise 250,000 pounds ( about $ 320,000 ) in funds , which will go toward restoring and transfering archive material onto modern formats as well as travel costs for interviews with Doctor Who writers , actors , and designers , and of course to pay a professional film crew .
Dalek message
Pledge 10 pounds ( $ 13 ) and you can download the movie within a month of its theater release . For an extra 15 pounds you 'll get your name in the credits . Truly dedicated Dalek fans can spend a day with the production team for 5,000 pounds ( $ 6,400 ) , while 1,000 pounds ( $ 1,275 ) will get you a two-minute personalized video message from a Dalek . Now what proper Dalek fan would n't want a personalized video message from a Dalek ?
The plan is to premiere The Undiscovered Daleks at a London movie theater , followed by a limited nationwide release in major cities . Shortly after that , it 'll be available to supporters as either a download or a DVD before going on general sale .
But take note , Dalek fans . The project must hit its target by July 7 to get made . If it fails , the plan will be exterminated .
The Premier League champion has been linked with an €80million bid for the Spain international , who has been unable to hold down a permanent place in Zinedine Zidane 's plans at the Santiago Bernabeu .
However , Guardiola has been quick to rule out a deal for the 26 year-old , who has a contract until 2022 that includes a release clause of €700m .
`` City are n't going to sign Isco , '' they said .
The former Barcelona manager was happy to pay tribute to Madrid 's achievement under Zidane , after they claimed a third UEFA Champions League in a row with a 3-1 win over Liverpool .
However , they have promised City will do its utmost to end the Spanish club 's recent dominance .
`` It 's spectacular , you have to take your hat off to them , '' Guardiola said . `` It does n't matter if they deserve it or not , because it 's very difficult to do what they 've done .
`` They 've demonstrated their quality , and we hope to prevent them from taking the fourth consecutive one .
`` Zidane has done a spectacular job . ''
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) The Texas Rangers placed right-hander Sam Dyson on the 10-day disabled list with a right hand bruise Monday , one day after the closer blew a save for the third time this season .
According to manager Jeff Banister , Dyson was hurt while trying to field a comebacker in the ninth inning of Sunday 's 8-7 loss in Seattle . Dyson allowed two runs in the inning despite not allowing a ball out of the infield and suffered their third loss .
Dyson is expected to go on a rehab stint in the minors once their hand is healthy .
Banister said that right-hander Matt Bush will initially assume the closer duties .
Right-hander Keone Kela was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock .
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now !
Donovan Harris was sentenced to life in prison but is eligible for parole in October . ( Source : KOOL )
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - A Louisville family continues to fight for their daughter nearly 24 years after they were brutally murdered .
The man who killed Mary Byron is up for parole , and their family wants to make sure they stay in jail for their entire life sentence .
Pat and John Byron were in Frankfort on Monday to testify in front of a parole board . They want to make sure Donovan Harris , the man who killed their daughter , remains in prison at the Kentucky State Reformatory . Harris ' hearing in front of the parole board is expected to be on Tuesday , according to the Mary Byron project .
Twelve years ago , a parole broad deferred Harris ' parole request for another 12 years . Harris is up for parole in October 2017 .
Mary Byron was raped , assaulted and stalked by Harris in late 1993 . Harris was arrested and jailed for the crimes , but someone posted their bail and they were released . Mary did n't know that Harris was out of jail .
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Trump condemns , KKK , neo-Nazis as `` thugs ''
+ Meme mocking Charlottesville car attack sparks investigation into Shively officer
+ 71-year-old accused of sexual abuse involving 7-year-old
On the evening of December 6 , 1993 , Mary was in their car after leaving their job at JC Penney at Mall St. Matthews . Harris approached from the driver 's side and shot them to death inside their car . It was Mary 's 21st birthday .
Exactly one year after Mary 's murder , Jefferson County , Kentucky became the first community to institute automated telephone notification for crime victims and other concerned citizens . That system is VINE - The National Victim Notification Network - which is now used in thousands of communities across the nation .
An online petition titled `` Deny paroles for Donovan Harris '' has generated more than 6,000 signatures .
Harris is now 47 years old . Mary would have turned 45 this year .
Following their death , the family set up the Mary Byron Foundation , which targets domestic violence issues and led to the formation of the Victims
Identification and Notification Everyday system .
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
Elon Musk is getting into the roasted chestnut business with a flamethrower that looks like a futuristic weapon .
The Silicon Valley CEO said that the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives was “ A-ok ” with its sale so long as the torch is less than 10 feet .
But an ATF spokesperson told NBC News on Monday that it does n't regulate flamethrowers .
The Boring Company 's Flamethrower The Boring Company
`` I 'm not sure why they said that , ” said the spokesperson , Alexandria A. Corneiro . “ The domestic production and possession [ of flamethrowers ] are not regulated by the Gun Control Act or the National Firearms Act , so we have no regulatory function in that matter . ”
Corneiro was n't sure who regulates flamethrowers . The Boring Company , which Musk founded in 2016 and began taking pre-orders for the torches on Saturday , did not immediately respond to requests for clarification .
The company had taken orders for 10,000 of them at $ 500 a pop as of Monday afternoon , Musk claimed on Twitter .
Elon Musk Tim Rue / Bloomberg via Getty Images file
But in California , where Musk 's company is headquartered , state assemblyman Miguel Santiago , D-Los Angeles , said that they planned to block their sale .
Referring to the Boring Company , which has proposed building a vast network of tunnels to alleviate traffic congestion in densely populated sections of the United States , including in Los Angeles , Santiago said that the company 's “ deviation ” from a “ real public policy problem…feels like a complete slap in the face . ”
Related : Tesla denies Model 3 production snags , but says certain parts are being hand built
`` If this is real , I 'm outraged and you should be too , '' Santiago wrote on Twitter . `` If this is a joke , then it 's a terribly insensitive one given that we 're coming off of the worst wildfire season in history . Either way : NOT FUNNY . NOT GON NA HAPPEN .
In announcing the device , Musk wrote on Instagram that “ a flamethrower is a super terrible idea . Definitely do n't buy one . Unless you want to have fun . ”
In a video that accompanied the post , Musk can be seen turning the machine on . As an intense blue flame erupts from the barrel , they grin and runs toward the camera .
“ Fire extinguisher sold separately ( for exorbitant amounts of money ) , ” the company says on its website . “ May not be used on Boring Company decorative lacquered hay bales or Boring Company dockside munitions warehouses . ”
Musk made the comment about the ATF after a would-be purchaser wrote on Twitter that the flamethrowers might be illegal .
“ ATF says any flamethrower with a flame shorter than 10 ft is A-ok , ” they said . “ Our design is max fun for least danger . I 'd be way more scared of a steak knife . ”
MANATEE COUNTY , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Buildings near Port Manatee have been evacuated as firefighters battle a blaze at the port .
There are conflicting reports about what is on fire .
The Manatee County Sheriff 's Office says the fire is actually a brush fire and piles of sulphur are in danger of catching fire .
Manatee County EMS reports that a dump truck caught on fire at the port and set three small piles of sulphur on fire
North River Fire Rescue crews and a hazmat team have responded .
Nearby buildings have been evacuated .
U.S. 41 is also closed in both directions at Piney Point Road in Palmetto .
Stay with WFLA.com for updates about this breaking story .
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
> > MORE TOP STORIES
The Hair Shack in Ventnor joins a handful of other businesses that have been targeted by burglaries in recent months .
The eco-friendly hair salon had their front door kicked in at around 4am on Sunday morning with many electrical items taken , as well as all the staff tips .
The Hair Shack is just one of five other small businesses who have been hit , including The Central convenience shop which has been burgled twice ; Isle of Vapes ; Masala Bay Indian restaurant ( also hit twice ) , as well as Italian restaurant , Tramezzini .
Devastating impact
Salon owner , Carol Falkner , explained that their insurance excess does not cover any items or money that they lost to the burglar/s .
For a small independent business such as this , the impact is devastating .
Look out for offers
Carol took to social media to highlight the burglary and ask Islanders to watch out for boxed electrical hairdressing items being offered cheaply .
If you have any information contact police on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 .
Location map
View the location of this story .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
In Partnership with New Jersey CRDA , New Event to Showcase Open & Women 's Divisions Airing Live from Atlantic City Country Club
Will Hogue Vying for Third Consecutive Victory in 2018 Alongside Current No . 1 Justin James ; Women 's Division Led by 2018 Winners Alexis Belton , Phillis Meti , Along with Five-Time World Champion Sandra Carlborg
VIDEO : Will Hogue Captures First Two Televised WLDA Events in 2018
The World Long Drive Association ( WLDA ) season continues next week with the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash . The inaugural event – in partnership with the New Jersey Casino Reinvestment Development Authority ( CRDA ) – will mark the third WLDA competition in six weeks showcased live on Golf Channel , with coverage airing from 6-8 p.m . ET on Tuesday , June 5 from Atlantic City Country Club .
The eventwill feature a 36-man field competing in the Open Division based on World Long Drive rankings , led by current No . 1 competitor in the world , Justin James ( Jacksonville , Fla. ) and Will Hogue ( Memphis , Tenn. ) , who will be vying for their third consecutive victory following wins earlier this year at the Clash in the Canyon and Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun . The Women 's Division includes 2018 winners-to-date Alexis Belton ( Ruston , La. , Clash in the Canyon ) and Phillis Meti ( Auckland , New Zealand , Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun ) courtesy of their 380-yard blast in the final , along with five-time ( and defending ) world champion Sandra Carlborg ( Alingsas , Sweden ) .
“ We 've reached the critical point of the season , and right now Will Hogue is on fire , ” said Jonathan Coachman , play-by-play host for World Long Drive Association events on Golf Channel . “ With how stiff the competition is , to have a chance to win a third straight event shows how in control of their golf swing they are to generate so much power . They have to be the favorite in Atlantic City . ”
COVERAGE : Live coverage of the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash will air on Golf Channel from 6-8 p.m . ET on Tuesday , June 5 , with Golf Centralpreviewing the event from 5:30-6 p.m . ET . Encore showings of the competition are scheduled to air on Golf Channel immediately following the live telecast , from 8-10 p.m. and 10 p.m.-Midnight ET .
The production centering around live coverage of the competition will utilize six dedicated cameras , capturing all angles from the hitting platform and the landing grid , including a SuperMo camera as well as two craned-positioned cameras that will track the ball in flight once it leaves the competitor 's clubface . New to 2018 is an overlaid graphic line on the grid , the “ DXL Big Drive to Beat , ” ( similar to the “ 1st & 10 line ” made popular in football ) displaying the longest drive during a given match to signify the driving distance an opposing competitor will need to surpass to take the lead . The telecast also will feature a custom graphics package suited to the anomalous swing data typically generated by Long Drive competitors , tracking club speed , ball speed and apex in real-time via Trackman . Trackman technology also will provide viewers with a sense of ball flight , tracing the arc of each drive from the moment of impact .
Morning Drive and Golf Central also will prepare viewers for the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash through interviews and dedicated segments featuring competitors on-site in New Jersey .
OPEN DIVISION FIELD ( in order of World Long Drive ranking ) : Justin James , Ryan Reisbeck , Will Hogue , Maurice Allen , Tim Burke , Trent Scruggs , Paul Howell , Ryan Steenberg , Mitch Grassing , Landon Gentry , Glenn Wilson Jr. , Nick Kiefer , Kyle Berkshire , Justin Moose , Tommy Hug , Kevin Shook , Jason Eslinger , Steve Monroe , Eddie Fernandes , Jeremy Easterly , Dan McIntosh , Brady Torbitt , Jeff Gavin , Scott Kalamar , Spencer McDaniel , Jim Waldron , Stephen Kois , Josh Cassaday , Patrick Hopper , Jeff Flagg , Jeff Crittenden , Mitch Dobbyn , Mark Costello , Bryan Kelly , Wes Patterson and Ben Tuaone .
WOMEN 'S DIVISION FIELD : Hollie Bartsch , Alexis Belton , Monica Borowicz , Sandra Carlborg , Mary Driscol , Chloe Garner , Erin Hess , Michelle Kinney , Ashley Lewis , Phillis Meti , Troy Mullins , Debbie Peever , Alex Phillips , Cory Ann Pond and Angela Zimmerman .
FORMAT : The Open Division preliminary rounds will consist of 36 men broken into four “ pods ” of nine competitors across four three-minute sets of eight balls each , with a points system being used to identify four from each pod advancing to the Round of 16 . From there , five sets of eight balls will determine the eight competitors advancing to take part in the single elimination match play bracket during the live telecast on Golf Channel . The Women 's Division will feature 16 competitors broken into two groups of eight taking part in four sets of eight balls . The top four point-earners from each pod will advance to the single-elimination match play competition beginning with the quarterfinals , with the winners moving on to the semifinals which will play out on Tuesday night 's telecast .
BROADCAST TEAM : A new voice to World Long Drive , veteran sports broadcaster Jonathan Coachman will conduct play-by-play at each of the five WLDA televised events on Golf Channel in 2018.Art Sellinger – World Long Drive pioneer and two-time World champion ( 1986 , '91 ) – will provide analysis , and Golf Channel 's Jerry Foltz will offer reports from the teeing platform and conduct interviews with competitors in the field .
DIGITAL & SOCIAL MEDIA COVERAGE : Fans can stay up-to-date on all of the action surrounding the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash by following @ GolfChannel and @ WorldLongDrive on social media . Golf Channel social media host Alexandra O'Laughlin will be on-site contributing to the social conversation as the event unfolds , and , the telecast will integrate social media-generated content during live coverage on Tuesday , June 5 using the hashtag , # WorldLongDrive .
In addition to the latest video and highlights from on-site , WorldLongDrive.com will feature real-time scoring for the duration of the event , June 4-5 . Golf Channel Digital also will feature content from the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash leading up to and immediately following the live telecast .
2018 WORLD LONG DRIVE ASSOCIATION SCHEDULE :
DATE EVENT LOCATION WINNER ( S ) / DEFENDING CHAMP March 15-17 East Coast Classic West Columbia , S.C. Justin Moose April 21-24 Clash in the Canyon ( * Golf Channel * ) Mesquite , Nev. Alexis Belton , Will Hogue May 11-15 Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun ( * Golf Channel * ) Maricopa , Ariz. Phillis Meti , Will Hogue June 4-5 Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash ( * Golf Channel * ) Atlantic City , N.J. ( New Event ) June 21-23 Bluff City Shootout Memphis , Tenn. Justin James July 6-8 Bash For Cash Port Rowan , Ont. , Canada Justin James August 2-4 WinStar Midwest Slam Thackerville , Okla. Landon Gentry August 12-13 Tennessee Big Shots benefitting Niswonger Children 's Hospital ( * Golf Channel * ) Kingsport , Tenn. ( New Event ) September 1-5 Volvik World Long Drive Championship ( * Golf Channel * ) Thackerville , Okla. Sandra Carlborg , Justin James
Showcasing the truly global nature of World Long Drive , several events will be staged in 2018 through officially sanctioned WLDA international partners , including stops in Germany , Japan , New Zealand , South Africa and the United Kingdom . Additionally , an all-encompassing international qualifier will be staged ( late summer ) featuring a minimum of four exemptions into the Open Division of the Volvik World Long Drive Championship in September .
Motorcar Parts of America Inc. ( MPA ) has reported record sales for its fiscal 2017 fourth quarter and year ended March 31 on a reported and adjusted basis .
Net sales for the fiscal 2017 fourth quarter increased 17.4 percent to $ 114.4 million from $ 97.4 million for the same period a year earlier . The company said its sales performance for the fiscal 2017 fourth quarter reflects continued strength of its rotating electrical business , as well as contributions from its other product lines – including the company 's emerging brake power boosters , which began shipping in August .
Adjusted net sales for the fiscal 2017 fourth quarter increased 13.8 percent to $ 114.9 million from $ 100.9 million a year earlier .
Net income for the fiscal 2017 fourth quarter increased sharply to $ 9.8 million , or 50 cents per diluted share , from $ 2.3 million , or 12 cents per share , a year ago .
Net sales for fiscal 2017 increased 14.2 percent to $ 421.3 million from $ 369 million a year earlier .
“ Our results for fiscal 2017 reflect strong growth and continued momentum into the new fiscal year despite the impact of a mild winter on our sales . As we begin a new fiscal year , we are well-positioned within a $ 116 billon aftermarket hard parts industry – supported by organic growth , new product line expansion and complementary acquisition opportunities , ” said Selwyn Joffe , chairperson , president and CEO of Motorcar Parts of America . “ We are particularly proud to highlight the company 's cash flow performance for the fourth quarter , with net cash provided by operating activities of $ 15.5 million .
“ We anticipate continued growth in all of our product lines , and we are encouraged by the additional opportunities we are seeing . Our double-digit compounded annual sales growth over the past five years highlights the company 's success and we remain optimistic about the future , ” said Joffe .
They noted that despite lower replacement rates in the quarter due to weather , the outlook for non-discretionary automotive parts remains strong , supported by favorable dynamics such as an aging vehicle population , increased miles driven and relatively low fuel prices . “ The company is poised for further growth as we harness our distribution relationships and leverage our scale , global footprint and financial strength to deliver growth and profits to shareholders . As always , we thank our entire team for their day-in and day-out commitment to excellence and our company , ” they said .
If you liked Middle-earth : Shadow of Mordor , you 're going to be either extremely happy or a little disappointed about its sequel , Middle-earth : Shadow of War .
In just about every way , developer Monolith is expanding , increasing , and doubling down on the elements that made Shadow of Mordor work , as was evident when it showed off a big chunk of the game to journalists at E3 2017 . But it also feels like an expanded and deeper version of the same game , which might be a turnoff to players expecting massive overhauls . Shadow of War is bigger , more easily traversed , and most importantly , more Nemesis System-focused than its predecessor .
Players of Shadow of Mordor will remember that game 's signature feature , a system in which the orcs that populate the Tolkien universe 's evil country of Mordor grow , level up , and remembered their encounters with you . A random orc that happens to strike a killing blow against the player advances up the ranks of orc society , gaining a name and traits , and popping up later in the world to menace you again . The idea is to create player-personal stories of rivalries and revenge between you and the grunts and bosses you take on throughout the game .
More menacing nemeses
The marketing tag line for Shadow of War is “ Nothing is forgotten , ” and that 's the marching order for the most interesting aspect of the game . Now the Nemesis System that lets orcs get more powerful over time is expanded , allowing you to grow an army of your own . But your captured , mentally dominated orcs remember what happens to them — and might decide to betray you if you 're a bad leader .
Monolith is expanding , increasing , and doubling down on the elements that made Shadow of Mordor work .
“ There 's always those guys that people love to hate , ” Bob Roberts , design director , explained . “ Last time , it was about killing and getting revenge . And there were some people who would get to that point of feeling like this guy was important to them , but they did n't just want to kill him , that 's the end . So there 's this whole dimension now where you make them a follower , they keep their personality , they become loyal to you . ”
The demo we played at E3 let players roam around doing open-world activities like ambient quests and gathering collectibles , engaging in story moments , or trying to grow their army and capture territory in Mordor . It 's this last part that 's the most interesting — where last time you gathered orcs in order to weaken their commanders and ultimately defeat Dark Lord Sauron 's lieutenants . This time , your goal is to take over the country piece by piece .
In practice , the biggest thing gathering all those orcs is good for is taking on fortresses and capturing them . There are more orc leaders , more of a hierarchy , and more interesting traits and personality quirks .
To capture forts , you can take war chiefs by weakening their subordinates , and by extension , weakening a fortress 's defenses . Gathering orc commanders to your cause ultimately lets you wage a huge , army -ized siege on a fort that increases the scale of Shadow of War 's battles significantly .
The open-world nature of Shadow of War plays into taking down forts by giving you a variety of options in terms of how to approach those battles . The more work you put in ahead of attacking the place — taking down war chiefs and converting lieutenants to your side — the less difficult a time you 'll have when you finally trigger the big battle . Remove the warchiefs for a fort , and you might knock out their siege defenses or remove the buckets of poison they can dump through holes in the outer walls .
You 'll also choose lieutenants of your own when you attack a fort from among your dominated orcs , and each of them brings additional bonuses . One might lead a pack of ravenous caragors , another might outfit all their minions with shields , and so on . Strategic choices can help you counter the fortress defenses , which raises the chances of success .
The overall idea is that more of the world is more reactive this time out , Roberts said . Your troops remember how you lead them ( and whether you leave them to die ) , just like the guys you fight in battle remember what you did to them or how they managed to best you .
If an orc commander in your army is injured on the battlefield , he 'll bleed out in the same way players in games like Gears of War do . Act quickly and you can “ revive ” him . Fail , and he 'll probably die — but there 's a chance they could miraculously survive somehow , and they wo n't be happy with how they were treated .
Interactions like that can lead to infighting in your own ranks , as well as those of the enemy . You might even wind up with your trusted soldiers betraying you . There are upsides , too : You can set an orc to serve as your bodyguard , and there 's a chance they could save your life during one of Shadow of War ‘ s “ last chance ” death animations . Roberts said the hope is that players ' personal stories with orcs go beyond just grudges to potentially incorporate bloody friendships .
More war in Mordor
So the Nemesis System is bigger and more robust this time out . As for the rest of the game — it feels a whole lot like Shadow of Mordor . Expect a lot of the same approach : Open-world missions mixed in with ambient Nemesis System interactions , and a story unfolding as you complete missions and push forward across Mordor .
There seems to be a lot more in the way of potential abilities and upgrades for player character Talion , which will offer more chances to customize how you play Shadow of War over time . But the gameplay players saw before is pretty much the same . Expect a lot of sneaking around , deploying stealth kills , climbing stuff , blasting bad guys with ghostly superpowers , and fighting multiple enemies in Batman : Arkham Asylum-style beatdowns that are heavy on counterattacks and timing .
In addition to trying to bring down a war chief and take a fortress ( both of which we failed at , as did the developers giving a hands-off theater demo after our play session ) , we got a look at a Shadow of War story mission . In it , Talion was working to learn about a special class of orcs called the Chosen , which meant sneaking around a specific area , capturing low-level orcs , and interrogating them .
With a few additions like a double-jump and more climbable surfaces , we were able to quickly scale buildings , take down archers , and sneakily snag orcs to interrogate them . The stealthy mission would have felt right at home in Shadow of Mordor , but the additions and improvements to Shadow of War — specifically when it comes to jumping and climbing — made the mission feel a lot more open in allowing for a variety of approaches .
Middle-Earth : Shadow of War Compared To
But again , it feels like Shadow of Mordor , which is meant as a positive description and not a knock against innovation . Monolith is deepening a lot of elements about Mordor , and that 's leading to an improved sequel that specifically does everything the last did , but better . But the two games are extremely similar , and any players hoping Shadow of War was going to reinvent the Mordor wheel are going to come away disappointed .
