Australia 's first UFC world titleholder Robert Whittaker will need an early wake-up call as they take part in a 7am bout to defend their belt early next year .
Following the abdication of their Canadian rival George St-Pierre due to injury on Friday , Whittaker was elevated from interim champion to undisputed world titleholder .
They face their first challenger , former champion Luke Rockhold , in the first bout in Perth on February 11 at 7am to suit a US pay-per-view TV audience .
Sydney 's Tyson Pedro will face Russia 's Saparkbek Safarov in the light heavyweight division while Brazilian Jussier Formiga will take on Brisbane 's Ben Nguyen in the flyweight .
It is the first time Perth will host a UFC event after the McGowan government lifted a ban on cage fighting .
Fresh from altitude training , the New Zealand born turned Sydneysider traded friendly barbs with Californian Rockhold in Perth on Tuesday .
Whittaker suggested Rockhold start training with sharks before meeting them in the arena .
`` I 've got some tips from Mick Fanning , '' Rockhold quipped .
Tourism Minister Paul Papalia said they expect about 14,000 fans , 8000 from interstate , to attend the fight and be broadcast .
The pair struck poses to promote the WA-government sponsored event , which Papalia says will inject about $ 7.25 million into the WA economy .
The McGowan government has not revealed the amount paid by taxpayers to bring the event to WA .
Smoothie Bowl
1 cup coconut or almond milk
1-2 cups frozen berries ( your choice )
1-2 teaspoons agave nectar
1 banana
1/4 cup açaí berries ( frozen )
Assorted fresh berries
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 cup granola
In a blender or food processor blend the coconut milk , 1/2 banana , açaí berry purée , cinnamon and 1 teaspoon agave nectar till smooth . Pour into a bowl and top with fresh fruit , granola , chopped almonds and then drizzle with the rest of agave nectar . Enjoy !
* * experiment with all of the seasonal fruits to switch up your smoothie bowl
* * To add protein to your smoothie bowl add 1 scoop of your favorite protein powder and blend with the fruit .
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
* Dollar flattens after Dudley comments , U.S. consumer data
* Dollar index still on pace for best week since Feb .
* S. African rand slumps as fin min replaced ( New throughout , changes dateline , previous LONDON )
By Dion Rabouin
NEW YORK , March 31 The dollar was flat on Friday as a Federal Reserve official 's seemingly dovish remarks and uninspiring data on the U.S. economy doused the sanguine mood from earlier this week .
The euro rebounded from a two-week trough , and the dollar fell to its low on the day against the Japanese yen after comments from New York Fed President William Dudley . Seen as one of the most important members of the Fed 's rate-setting committee , Dudley said the central bank was in no rush to tighten monetary policy .
Their comments followed less-than-stellar data on U.S. consumer spending that showed that even as confidence hit its highest level in more than 16 years last month , Americans are still holding their wallets tightly .
`` We 're not seeing great sentiment one way or another , but bursts of enthusiasm this morning definitely got squelched by the comments and economic data , '' said Boris Schlossberg , managing director of FX strategy at BK Asset Management .
`` A lot of the air went out of the balloon today because we did n't get quite the positive data set that we wanted and we 're still getting relatively cautious commentary from the Fed . ''
Consumer spending , which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity , edged up just 0.1 percent last month .
The dollar index , which tracks the greenback against six rival currencies , was little changed from its late Thursday levels at 100.40 . Backed by early-week gains , however , it is on pace for its best week since mid-February .
Similarly , the euro , which briefly hit its lowest since March 15 , was on track for its worst week in seven as investors this week have revised their expectations for when the European Central Bank will begin to tighten monetary policy .
The euro was last up 0.1 percent against the dollar at $ 1.0686 .
The dollar hit a 10-day high against the yen in overnight trading , but reversed that move , touching its session low after Dudley 's remarks . It was last down 0.25 percent at 111.61 yen .
The dollar rallied as much as 2.5 percent against South Africa 's rand to 13.613 , its highest since early February , after President Jacob Zuma fired finance minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle following days of speculation that has rocked the country 's markets and currency .
The dollar was last up 0.7 percent at 13.381 rand . ( Reporting by Dion Rabouin ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
Fans of Leeds Rhinos and Castleford Tigers have rallied around both teams ahead of their Grand Final derby clash today .
The teams face off at Old Trafford from 6pm in a game which would bag Leeds a record-breaking eighth Super League triumph or mean Cas are crowned champions for the first time .
Leeds Rhinos v Hull Super League play off semi final Headingley fri 29th sept 2017 Fans celebrate winning
But either way , the trophy is coming back to West Yorkshire .
And supporters of both teams have sent the players well wishes ahead of the big game .
Rhinos devotees are desperate for two of the club 's stalwarts , Danny McGuire and Rob Burrow , to say goodbye with a win .
For Castleford , it would be welcome boost in sporting pride for the small town .
Leeds fan Chris Hall said : “ All the best to the Rhinos , would n't it be a great achievement if they could lift the trophy for the legends that are Danny McGuire and Rob Burrow . ”
Castleford supporter Faye Noon said : “ Wishing all the luck to the mighty Tigers , do it for our small town . Everyone 's buzzing . Fab to see so many Cas shirts about and people smiling with the feel good factor . ”
For players on both teams walking out tomorrow , the chance to lift silverware would also be the ultimate prize .
Rhinos prop Anthony Mullally said that to win the clash - their first final - would be a “ dream come true ” .
Speaking yesterday as the club were catered for at Banyan ahead of travelling to Manchester , they said : “ I 've heard the stories and I 've seen it – it 's something I 've dreamed of since I was a little kid . ”
Posted by admin on April 18 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
MIAMI – The U.S. Coast Guard says a cruise ship crew member who was missing for nearly 24 hours was found out in the ocean north of Cuba with no injuries and in stable condition .
About half an hour after passengers aboard the Norwegian Getaway cruise ship docked in Miami , the U.S. Coast Guard got word that a crewmember who went overboard Saturday afternoon northwest of Cuba had been found alive and well out in the ocean waters by another cruise ship .
“ The Carnival Glory had found someone in the water waving their arms and they rescued them and they were the missing Norwegian crewmember and that was roughly about 21 miles north of Cuba , ” said U.S. Coast Guard spokesperson Jonathan Lally .
The U.S. Coast Guard says it received a report Saturday around 3:20 p.m. that a 33-year-old Filipino crewmember went overboard 28 miles northwest of Cuba .
Passengers aboard the Norwegian Getaway say they watched the search efforts .
“ We saw the cruise ship made a u turn and started heading back we noticed that the crewmembers were using binoculars trying to find the crewmember in the ocean , ” said passenger Eddy Lowinger .
The Coast Guard says one of its cutters and a two aircraft assisted in the search .
Passengers assumed the worst .
“ Our condolences to the crew member 's family , ” said Lowinger .
But the U.S. Coast Guard continued its search for the crew member .
“ Our crews continued searching throughout the night , ” said Lally . “ The total square mileage that our crew searched was 1,636 sq . mi . ”
The crewmember would be found 26 miles outside of the U.S. Coast Guard 's search area .
“ One of the things that the coast guard could never calculate when it comes to in search and rescue is the person 's will to live , ” said Lally .
The U.S. Coast Guard tells us Carnival Glory 's next port of call is Cozumel , Mexico and that 's where the crew member is expected to unboard .
As far as how the crewmember went overboard , that remains under investigation .
25.761680 -80.191790
President Trump on Monday authorized their top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft , a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions .
Trump called their action `` a very big move '' against practices that cost our nation `` millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year . ''
They cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software , but also Beijing 's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China 's markets .
`` We will safeguard the copyrights , patents , trademarks , trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity , '' Trump said at the White House . They were flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer , Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of their economic team .
Monday 's steps were very preliminary , and analysts say that it could be a long time , if ever , before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China .
Eventually , it could lead the administration to initiate what 's called a Section 301 investigation , a sanctions mechanism that 's part of the Trade Act of 1974 .
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration , but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization .
Matt Gold , a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative , told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives , such as the WTO .
`` It saves time , '' they said . A WTO case `` would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel , get a decision , then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body . Then we get another decision . Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers . ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization . ''
The White House move was applauded by technology groups , which have long complained about intellectual property theft . The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying `` for too long China has flouted the spirit , if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements . ''
Sen. Sherrod Brown , D-Ohio , said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it does n't work with the United States to level the playing field . But they said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel .
`` We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement , especially on steel , '' Brown said .
But there are risks to the White House approach . Carolyn Freund , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways .
`` China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods , and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China , '' they said . `` It wo n't lead to anything positive . ''
In an editorial on Monday , the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will `` poison '' relations .
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump 's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail , the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices . Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance , and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed .
They say that 's because it 's one thing to talk about steel tariffs , but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers , such as automakers and appliance companies .
`` That was the turning point , '' Bochy said . `` That ball was smoked . What a great play they made . ''
Jon Gray turned in their shortest outing of the season at 3 1/3 innings . They walked two straight batters with the bases loaded in the fourth to allow the Giants tie the score at 4 . Musgrave entered and the Rockies got out of the tight spot when Andrew McCutchen 's liner was dropped by Trevor Story , who then began a double play .
`` Absolutely horrible . Bad mindset , '' Gray said of their pitching performance . `` I feel like my stuff was really good , well enough to win . But I was n't going at guys I should have . I think I picked around the corners and got behind too much . I have to go at guys and get them out . ''
Pablo Sandoval started at second base a day after Kelby Tomlinson committed three errors . Sandoval had an RBI single in the second .
Tomlinson entered the game in the fifth .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Giants : RHP Jeff Samardzija was placed on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness . ... INF Joe Panik ( left thumb ) could return to the Giants on Friday . ... RHP Mark Melancon ( elbow ) will be evaluated Thursday .
Rockies : 2B DJ LeMahieu ( left thumb ) took multiple at-bats in Arizona on Wednesday . `` He 's doing really well . He 's close , '' manager Bud Black said . Possibly activated Friday ? `` You can speculate . I 'm not going to tell you . But you can speculate it a lot , '' Black said .
FIRST PITCH
Before the game , 8-year-old Hailey Dawson of Las Vegas delivered a ceremonial underhand pitch to Chad Bettis while wearing a Rockies-themed prosthetic hand . They have Poland syndrome , which stunted the growth of the fingers on their right hand .
It was their ninth stadium visit in their quest to throw in every major league park . Them next stop is Seattle .
She 's also delivered pitches at Baltimore , Washington , San Diego , San Francisco , Chicago Cubs , Texas , Cleveland , and during Game 4 of the 2017 World Series in Houston . Several Rockies players signed their prosthetic hand , including Ian Desmond , Arenado and Gonzalez .
UP NEXT
Giants : The Giants head home for six games after going 2-6 on their trip . RHP Chris Stratton ( 6-3 , 4.97 ERA ) starts Friday in a three-game set against Philadelphia .
Rockies : After a day off , LHP Tyler Anderson ( 4-1 , 4.72 ERA ) takes the ball Friday to open a three-game series against the Dodgers and LHP Alex Wood ( 1-4 , 3.75 ) .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Pat Graham , The Associated Press
March 31 Beijing Join-cheer Software Co. , Ltd. :
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 0.3 yuan for every 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 3 new shares for every 10 shares , as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/P6EM1h
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Risks and rewards of meshing physical , cybersecurity
Security is undoubtedly a primary focus for any organisation , particularly in this digital age where assets extend beyond the physical to include virtual assets such as data .
By Sanjay Vaid , practice director cyber risk security at Wipro
The emergence of cloud or Internet-based devices , such as smart meters and smart CCTV cameras , is expanding the reach of traditional security measures and enabling a host of heretofore unknown benefits .
For most industries traditional security mechanisms such as perimeter and access control are still of vital importance . Technology has , however , introduced new ways for these to be managed and automated . These technologies are yielding faster response times and improved security . Meshing technology with physical security can vastly improve the overall security landscape for any organization .
Introducing Internet of Things ( IoT ) devices into an operational environment aids the reduction of many health and safety risks . These can range from smart cameras for surveillance , to sensors implanted on vehicles which track and trace progress , prevent breakdowns and enable pre-emptive maintenance . For example , sensors can quickly identify gas leaks , enabling quick resolution . Another example would be IoT-enabled construction equipment , which help avoid collisions or load-related accidents . Technology is making the industry safer .
There is a flip side to this however , as advanced technology also introduces a number of threats into security environments . Operations of organisations in entirety can be brought down by cyber-attacks , launched on a seemingly innocuous piece of technology such as a sensor or smart device .
Recently , a casino in Las Vegas was infiltrated via its fish tank , albeit a very high tech fish tank connected to a wireless access point – the intent being to steal data . Fortunately , technology also came to the rescue in this case , as the systems were closely monitored and the hackers could be stopped before too much damage was done . Another recent attack saw an entire critical infrastructure plant 's operations being shut down due to hackers accessing and taking control of an Internet enabled workstation .
The likes of these attacks highlight how effectively cyber criminals can damage or cripple an entire business in a matter of minutes . In certain industries where health and safety is of paramount import – such as mining , oil and gas , engineering and health- the derailing of infrastructure and the halting of operations can cause more than simply financial or reputation damage – there are lives at stake .
A challenge facing industries such as those involving chemical plants , mines and oil & gas organisations , is that technology can also introduce physical threats . WiFi , for example , can cause a fire hazard in environments sensitive to sparking . In such cases , organisations need to investigate alternative , environmentally suitable technologies to bring these sites onto their cybersecurity network , and maintain central surveillance , access control and identity management .
Access , both physical and network , is the area that businesses need to closely monitor and secure . Physical access is critical and ensures only the right people gain entry to the right areas of a business at any given time . Technology is allowing businesses to apply the likes of biometrics to manage access enabling quicker , more accurate access control .
From a virtual access and data security point of view , it is critical that organisations implement proper identity controls such as authentication and passwords , as well as multiple layers of encryption across their data-at-rest and data-in-motion .
Integration and centralisation is critical in order to properly manage and monitor all of these technology-backed security measures . Businesses need to ensure that the security technology they invest in , from physical to cyber , is capable of integrating with a central management platform from which they can efficiently and effectively control their entire security environment .
It 's also important to have the right security policies and processes in place , so that organisations are able to follow proper protocol in times of breach , or when a risk is identified . This is especially important as new regulations emerge , such as the Protection of Personal Information ( PoPI ) Act and the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) . Such regulations will be pivotal when redefining data security policies and are likely to have a larger impact on sectors such as the financial , retail , and insurance sectors .
Budget and security concerns are likely to come up against each other , as businesses weigh risk against costs . Costs , however , will be in line with the risks , which inevitably vary across different industries . For many organisations where it is less critical for security to be wholly controlled within the business , opting for Security-as-a-Service will be a win-win answer to the risk vs cost debate .
Thousands walked the beach route in Pascagoula this morning to raise awareness for heart disease .
Taren Reed spoke to participants who have a big reason for keeping a healthy heart .
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
MOSCOW , March 29 VTB Bank is discussing with co-investors in Russia 's No.4 mobile phone operator Tele2 a possible ownership change that would give state-controlled Rostelecom control in the mobile company , VTB 's First Deputy CEO said on Wednesday .
Rostelecom has a 45-percent stake in Tele2 Russia , while VTB and its partners own the remaining 55 percent . ( Reporting by Kira Zavyalova ; writing by Maria Kiselyova ; Editing by Andrey Ostroukh )
Posted by admin on January 2 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
When the judge asked one dad if they had anything they wanted to say , they had only one request .
`` I would ask you to , as part of this sentencing to grant me 5 minutes in a locked room with this demon , '' Randall Margraves , father of 3 victims said .
Margraves ' daughters are just a few of the hundreds of women who have all come forward with details of their abuse .
The judge declined Margraves request , saying , `` That 's not how our legal system works . ''
`` Well , I 'm going to have to , '' Margraves responded before they launched into a sprint toward Nassar .
Nassar has already received lengthy sentences in previous trials . At this point , they will certainly spend the rest of their life in prison .
As if all of Nassar 's convictions were n't convincing enough , now , one of their lawyers is making some controversial comments on the case .
`` There is a huge part of me that does not believe that every one of those girls was victimized by him , '' Attorney for Larry Nassar , Shannon Smith said .
However , Nassar said they do n't want to have anything to do with that statement . That seems appropriate , since he 's already admitted to using their position to sexually assault the women .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
TEL AVIV – A $ 50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the conviction of a suspect who viciously assaulted an ultra-Orthodox Jewish man as they were walking home from Shabbat services in New York City .
New York State representative Dov Hikind made the announcement on behalf of an anonymous philanthropist from Los Angeles .
The victim , 52-year-old Menachem Moskowitz , was choked and beaten in the middle of the day , sustaining a cracked rib as well as a black eye , swelling and bruising . Their attacker had told them they “ hated Jews ” and threatened to kill him .
It was the second attack within a week against Jewish victims in the same neighborhood .
“ There 's one violent incident after another ; one attack after another — always on innocent , vulnerable members of the Jewish community , and always with a racist , anti-Semitic message , ” said Assemblyman Hikind , a Democrat from Brooklyn , in a statement .
“ The Crown Heights community feels like they are under siege and this has to stop immediately . The police must increase their protection of these innocent people . ”
“ Will Brooklyn become like Paris now ? ” asked Hikind . “ Will we start seeing people attacked with racial slurs on a regular basis ? Do Jews here really have to fear for their lives from criminal thugs ? We need a strong and immediate response to these hate crimes , and I wo n't rest while this continues ! ”
Footage of the attack emerged Monday .
“ I turned around and I see that he 's right behind me and they jumped me . And then they said ‘ I hate Jews , ' ” Moskowitz told CBS . “ He put me in a headlock and I 'm trying to maneuver out of him . In the meantime , I 'm screaming ‘ Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! ' They say , ‘ You do n't need help . I 'm going to kill you right here . ' ”
Moskowitz told the CrownHeights.info news website that they said , “ Good afternoon ” to a man who was smoking a cigar on a street corner .
“ As soon as [ I greeted ] him , they began yelling at me , ‘ You fake Jews , who are you saying hello to ? You 're fake Jews and you stole all my money and robbed me , and stole my mortgage and my house . I want to kill you ! ' ” the news website quoted the man as saying .
Moskowitz said they walked away from the man quickly but that the assailant caught them and put them in a choke-hold and threatened to kill him .
Two people eventually separated them and told Moskowitz to run . They called the Jewish ambulance service Hatzalah from their home , which notified police .
“ Two nurses came . Medical , wearing white . Male and female , ” they told CBS .
“ There 's fear . There 's a lot of fear . The thing we know is that , unfortunately , there are people out there who want to kill us for one reason — because we are Jews , ” their wife Channah told CBS .
Last week , another Jewish man was attacked by three black men and two black women . One of the men asked the victim if they wanted to fight and proceeded to kick and punch him , before fleeing the scene .
The Anti-Defamation League announced on Sunday that it is offering $ 5,000 rewards for information leading to the convictions of the people behind both attacks .
“ We unequivocally condemn these senseless assaults , ” said Evan R. Bernstein , ADL New York regional director . “ We appreciate the leadership of the NYPD Hate Crimes Task Force , who are investigating these assaults as hate crimes . Hopefully , these rewards will encourage anyone who may have seen something to come forward . ”
In New York , anti-Semitic incidents have increased over 90 percent in 2017 , according to the ADL .
Braum 's will not by demolishing the Donnay Building on NW 50th near Classen Blvd . The metro-based restaurant and dairy chain wanted to build another location at the site of the old building that houses bars and a business . The Hilo Club , the Drunken Fry , Charlies Music , and the Classen Grill would all be torn down under the proposal .
Braum 's has since withdrawn its request to rezone the property which would have allowed for the sale of the property . Braum 's recently failed to get enough votes from planning commissioners to send the proposal to city council .
Red Oak LLC currently owns the building and did not return our phone calls about their plans moving forward .
Those who organized opposition against the Braum 's plan are still working to save the building . They are hoping to work with Red Oak to find a buyer willing to repair the Donnay Building instead of flattening the structure . They are also working to give the building an historical distinction so it ca n't be torn down .
“ Hilo was the first LGBTQ bar in Oklahoma City , ” says Mark Faulk , who organized opposition to the Braum 's proposal . `` That has historic significance as well . ''
TULSA , Okla. ( AP ) - The Latest on a Delta Air Lines flight diverted to Tulsa , Oklahoma , because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger ( all times local ) :
2:10 p.m .
Delta Air Lines is apologizing to customers whose plans were delayed because a flight from Portland , Oregon , to Atlanta had to land in Tulsa , Oklahoma , due to what it described as an unruly passenger .
Delta spokesperson Anthony Black says flight 1156 landed `` without incident '' and that there were 172 passengers and six crew members onboard the Boeing 737-900 .
Tulsa International Airport spokesperson Alexis Higgins says the plane landed about 11:30 a.m. Wednesday and the passenger was removed . Higgins said they did not know the nature of the disturbance .
FBI spokesperson Andrea Anderson in Oklahoma City confirmed the agency was investigating but referred other questions to the U.S. Attorney 's office .
1:50 p.m .
A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland , Oregon , to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa , Oklahoma , because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger .
Tulsa International Airport spokesperson Alexis Higgins says Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI .
Higgins said they did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesperson did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment .
Higgins said the aircraft was refueling shortly after 1:15 p.m. and would resume the flight to Atlanta .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A 60-year-old Turkish Cypriot man is in critical condition at Larnaca general hospital after the car they were driving collided with a vehicle driven by a 39-year-old on Sunday afternoon .
According to the police report the accident occurred at 4.30pm in Artemidos Avenue in Larnaca when the 60-year-old parked their car in a roadside parking spot along the avenue . As they attempted to enter the road again , their vehicle collided with a car coming from behind driven by a 39-year-old man .
The 60-year-old and their wife , 56 , who was also in the car , were trapped in their vehicle following the collision and had to be freed by the fire service .
Following the collision , the Turkish Cypriots ' car reportedly spiralled out of control and smashed through a road sign , traffic lights and a lamp post .
All three were transferred to the Larnaca hospital were the 60-year-old underwent surgery and was kept for further treatment due their critical condition . Their wife 's and the 39-year-old 's condition is not serious .
An alcohol test given to the 39-year-old indicated they were almost three times over the limit , as the indication was 57microgrammes instead of the permitted limit of 22mg .
MANILA Philippine government negotiators and a Maoist rebel group have struck a deal for a temporary joint ceasefire and plans to free prisoners after days of talks in the Netherlands , an official and domestic broadcaster ANC said on Wednesday .
Communist New People 's Army rebels have been waging protracted guerrilla warfare for nearly five decades in rural areas in the poor Southeast Asian country , killing more than 40,000 people .
Peace talks between the rebels ' political arm , the National Democratic Front , and the government , brokered by Norway , resumed this week in the Netherlands , hoping to reach a political settlement in 12 months to end the conflict .
The two sides `` after several days , have crafted together with the NDFP an agreement , '' Jesus Dureza , a presidential adviser on the peace process , said on social media site Facebook .
President Rodrigo Duterte had approved the deal , they added .
It is the second time the two sides have agreed on a bilateral truce since November 1986 , when the government and rebels signed a 60-day ceasefire .
But that deal was scuttled in January 1987 after police opened fire and killed 13 people during a farmers ' demonstration in Manila .
The two sides are still finalising the terms of the ceasefire but would sign the agreement on Wednesday at around 9 p.m. in Manila , broadcaster ANC said from in a live report from the Netherlands .
ANC said the government also agreed to free 23 elderly and sickly political prisoners , while the rebels would release three soldiers and a police officer taken captive in three separate areas on the southern island of Mindanao .
The two sides are also discussing social and economic reform , but it was not known if the guerrillas had agreed to a demand by Duterte for the rebels to halt extortion and recruitment activities .
Peace talks between the two sides have been `` intermittent and inconclusive '' since 1986 , bogging down in 2012 when the government refused to free political prisoners . They resumed in August 2016 , when Duterte released 19 rebel leaders from jail .
But the president scrapped talks in February when rebels ambushed an army convoy , breaking a unilateral ceasefire that held for five months . They set four conditions before both sides returned to the negotiating table on Sunday .
( Reporting by Manuel Mogato ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
Scroll for more content ...
Trump administration officials and members of Congress addressed some of the nation 's hottest political issues on the Sunday morning shows this week , talking about the Trump administration 's plan to denuclearize North Korea , the White House 's strategy to nominate a new Supreme Court justice , and calls to abolish US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) .
North Korean denuclearization
On CBS 's `` Face the Nation , '' White House national security adviser John Bolton said North Korea 's nuclear arsenal could be dismantled in a year if Pyongyang cooperates , adding that the program would require `` full disclosure of all [ of North Korea 's ] chemical and biological , nuclear programs , ballistic missile sites . '' They also disclosed that the plan has not been put into action yet .
Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins on CNN 's `` State of the Union '' reacted to a Washington Post report that North Korea is working on concealing nuclear weapons : `` This is a very troubling report . There 's no doubt about it . And North Korea has a long history of cheating on agreements that it 's made with previous administrations . ... But there 's no doubt that , in order to achieve that goal , we need verifiable , unimpeded , reliable inspections . And without those inspections , we can have no guarantee that North Korea is not cheating once again . ''
Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told NBC 's `` Meet the Press '' that if the Post report was true `` nobody should be surprised . '' They added that if officials in Pyongyang `` play Trump like they 've played everybody else , they 're going to regret it . ''
Supreme Court vacancy
After Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announced last week that they would retire soon , the Trump administration signaled an eagerness to get a nominee confirmed to the court before the upcoming midterm elections .
Collins also told `` State of the Union '' that they are not comfortable with President Donald Trump 's list of 25 potential Supreme Court nominees . `` Now , some of the people on the list , I have not vetted at all at this point . One of them , I voted against years ago . And I would have to do a great deal more work on many of them . ''
Graham on `` Meet the Press '' called Trump 's list of 25 judges `` highly qualified . They challenged concerns that a new Supreme Court justice appointed by Trump would lead to the overturning of Roe v. Wade . `` You do n't overturn precedent unless there 's a good reason , '' they said . They also said he 'd like a justice who is `` conservative , not crazy . ''
Both Democratic Sens . Tammy Duckworth of Illinois on `` State of the Union '' and Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota on ABC 's `` This Week '' agreed that the nomination should be delayed until after midterm elections in four months .
One concern for some senators , Sen. Maria Cantwell , D-Washington , said , is being edged out by voting against the Supreme Court nominee . They told `` Meet the Press '' : `` My colleagues on both sides of the aisle know that this vote could be one of the key votes of their entire career . ... If they vote for somebody who 's going to change precedent , it could be a career-ending move . ''
Some Democrats , including Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin and Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal , say the clearance of the judicial short list through the Federalist Society precludes them from Democratic support . Durbin told `` Fox News Sunday '' that the Federalist Society is `` looking for someone on the court who will make sure that they rule that the Affordable Care Act 's protection of those with pre-existing conditions is unconstitutional . '' Blumenthal said on `` Face the Nation '' that the organizations doing the vetting made it a condition that the nominee `` commit to rolling back protections for health insurance . ''
Calls to abolish ICE
Over the weekend , several Democratic lawmakers joined protests across the country calling to abolish ICE .
Duckworth , on `` State of the Union , '' relayed that they do not support calls from some Democrats to abolish ICE : `` If you abolish ICE as it is , as an executive agency , it reflects the policies of the White House , of the President . You abolish ICE now , you still have the President with the same failed policies . Whatever you replace it with is just going to still reflect what this President wants to do . ''
Klobuchar on `` This Week '' expressed similar sentiments : `` I think what has to change are the policies , and the people that are making these policies are making horrendous decisions like separating kids from their parents . We are always going to need immigration enforcement . ''
Police on Monday announced that a number of roads in the Troodos area remain closed due to snow and frost , while visibility is limited due to dense fog .
There are currently 60cm of snow in Troodos square and 70cm at the top of Olympus .
According to the latest update , the following roads are closed to all vehicles :
Platres – Troodos
Prodromos – Troodos
Karvounas – Troodos
The Fterikoudi – Panayia bridge road is also closed due to landslides .
The following roads are open only to vehicles equipped with snow chains or with four-wheel drive :
Kakopetria – Karvounas
Kakopetria – Spilia
Prodromos – Troodos
Pedoulas – Prodromos
Kakopetria – Pinewood – Prodormos – Pedoulas
Pedoulas – Kykkos
The following roads are dangerous due to landslides :
Farmakas – Palaichori
Kykkos – Campos
Kykkos – Milikouri
Drivers are urged to be extremely careful , to drive at low speed , to maintain safe distance from vehicles ahead and keep their car lights on .
Police also warned that drivers must keep in mind that due to constantly changing weather conditions the situation on the roads , especially in mountain areas , presents constant challenges .
For updates visit : https : //www.facebook.com/cypolice/ or www.cypruspolicenews.com
'While we will and we may uphold the power of the President , it is also our duty that that power is discharged fully in accordance with the framework that governs our country , ' says Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno
Published 2:02 PM , June 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno said on Wednesday , June 14 , that a Supreme Court ( SC ) decision clarifying the definition of martial law would also protect soldiers in Marawi City .
The Chief Justice made the statement while interpellating the counsel of the petitioners against President Rodrigo Duterte 's martial law declaration in Mindanao on Wednesday , the second day of oral arguments on the petitions .
`` We also have a duty to the men and women . They are dying , their lives being given up , heroic acts being performed , and they do not know the legal conundrum they might face should this court fail to sufficiently outline the legal framework for which martial law must be administered in this country , '' Sereno said .
Prior to the statement , Sereno asked lawyer Marlon Manuel , counsel for the Marawi group of petitioners , `` if there are statutes that would put military officers in hot water if they follow a presidential directive that turns out to be without sufficient basis . ''
In response , Manuel cited international statutes which may impose liabilities on the soldiers if the martial law declaration in Mindanao turned out to be invalid .
Associate Justice Marvic Leonen had also said during the first day of the oral arguments on Tuesday that there was a need to clarify the operational guidelines of martial law in Mindanao . ( READ : HIGHLIGHTS : Day 1 of SC oral arguments on Mindanao martial law )
Protection for military
Sereno said the military had sought the amendment of Republic Act 9372 or the Human Security Act of 2007 because `` in their view , the liabilities there are burdensome . '' The law outlines the `` political , economic , diplomatic , military , and legal means '' to fight terrorism in the country .
`` Congress has not sufficiently legislated that framework to keep the army from legal harm 's way , '' Sereno said , driving home their point on the importance of a High Court decision clarifying martial law .
`` While we will and we may uphold the power of the President , it is also our duty that that power is discharged fully in accordance with the framework that governs our country , '' they added .
Sereno led Manuel to tell the justices that if the SC does not clarify the guidelines , `` we will be destroying the institutions that have been built over the decades . ''
`` Then we are reverting back to the martial law period during Marcos , '' Manuel said . ( READ : Martial law , the dark chapter in Philippine history )
Sereno 's sentiments on the martial law period during the Marcos regime are not unknown . The Chief Justice said in a speech at the Ateneo de Manila University that the imposition of martial law in Mindanao should be guarded to avoid the injustices and mistakes of military rule under Marcos .
What 's the difference under martial law ?
On the first day of oral arguments on Tuesday , Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio led Albay 1st District Representative Edcel Lagman to say that the crisis in Marawi City was a mere `` threat '' and not a case of rebellion which is the constitutional basis for martial law . ( READ : SC 's Del Castillo : Is n't Marawi siege act of rebellion ? )
Carpio even pointed out on Tuesday that there were no incidents in other provinces in Mindanao , a line of thought seen by a legal expert as Carpio raising a possibility to restrict martial law to Marawi City .
On Wednesday , Carpio explored the issue of whether there was added legal value in the declaration of martial law . ( READ : SC 's Bersamin says trust Duterte on martial law )
Lagman , representing minority lawmakers who filed a petition against martial law , said the martal law declaration just strengthened the primacy of Duterte 's role as commander-in-chief and emboldened soldiers to do what they may not necessarily do .
Carpio said this was just a `` psychological effect . ''
`` But legally , there 's no additional power , assuming they do not suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus . We 're just quibbling over something that does n't matter legally – that 's the effect if they do not acquire legal power , `` Carpio said .
Lagman answered : `` He may not assume any legal power , but the Constitution requires them to have sufficient factual basis when they declare martial law . '' – Rappler.com
0 Trump says GOP memo `` totally vindicates '' him , as it stirs more questions about the Russia
With the release on Friday of a GOP memo about the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 elections – and the partisan reaction to it – the memo only seemed to add fuel to the fire that has been raging in Congress about the probe , as Republicans accused the FBI of running a biased investigation , while Democrats say the GOP is trying to do all it can to undermine the probe .
“ The President is clearly muddying the waters to obfuscate the truth and delegitimize — or soon terminate — the Russia investigation , ” said Rep. Joaquin Castro ( D-TX ) , a member of the House Intelligence Committee .
“ These top people went to a secret court to get a warrant to spy on an American citizen and they used an opposition research document to get that warrant , ” said Rep. Jim Jordan ( R-OH ) , who led other Republicans in demanding more answers from the FBI .
And on Saturday , President Trump chimed in again on the probe :
This memo totally vindicates `` Trump '' in probe . But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 3 , 2018
While the President and the two parties slug it out – let 's look at a few items from the GOP memo which seem to require more of an explanation :
1 . Why the big FBI focus on Carter Page ? For those not familiar with Page , they were a fringe figure in the Trump campaign , an unpaid foreign policy adviser who seemed to have little impact until their July 2016 trip to Moscow , which drew press and intelligence interest . The GOP memo showed the FBI got a FISA warrant for surveillance on October 21 , 2016 for Page , but by then , they are n't doing any work for the Trump Campaign . So , if you argue that surveillance on Page meant surveillance on the Trump Campaign , that just does n't seem to be the case via Page . And Page seemingly had no role in the Trump Transition either . In testimony to the House Intelligence Committee , Page denied ever being in contact with most of the key players in the Trump camp , as well as the President .
2 . So why were there extensions for the Page surveillance ? When a FISA warrant is granted , it is only for 90 days . And when the renewal comes up , the FBI must show some progress from surveillance , meaning they must have produced some new evidence that merits a continuation of their eavesdropping . The GOP memo reminds us that it 's more than just new evidence – “ each renewal requires a separate finding of probable cause. ” The FISA warrant on Page was granted October 21 , 2016 – just before the election . According to Republicans , it was renewed several times . Page has played no role in the Trump Administration of any kind . What was Page doing that would have required all of those extensions ? In their interview with the House Intelligence Committee , Democrats were interested in their December 2016 trip to Moscow , and whether they had talked about lifting sanctions on certain Russian interests . And it 's obvious the FBI was interested in something as well . What that was , is not yet clear .
3 . What did Andrew McCabe actually say ? The GOP memo states that former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe said the Steele Dossier was critical to getting a FISA surveillance warrant against Carter Page , which has prompted Republicans to say this is the smoking gun evidence of the FBI and Obama Administration using a partisan opposition research product to start an investigation of President Trump and their aides . “ Deputy Director McCabe testified before the Committee in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC ( the FISA Court ) without the Steele dossier information. ” That 's a pretty blunt declaration by Republicans on the Intelligence Committee . But immediately , there were stories disputing that assertion about McCabe . This seems cut and dry – either they said it , or they did n't . Just give us the Intelligence Committee transcript and we can figure it out pretty quick .
McCabe did in fact testify under oath that there would not have been a FISA warrant if not for the dossier . It was recorded . — Lee Zeldin ( @ RepLeeZeldin ) February 2 , 2018
4 . Coming soon – a Democratic memo on Trump-Russia . Remember , Democrats put together their own memo on items from the House Intelligence Committee investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 elections – and that may be released soon as well . “ The only responsible way to correct the grave actions House Republicans have taken is to immediately release the Democratic memo , ” said Rep. Eric Swalwell ( D-CA ) , who is on that panel . It 's not clear if the Democrat 's memo is a blow-by-blow rebuttal of the GOP memo , or if it goes into other areas . For that to be made public , the Intelligence Committee would have to vote to approve it , and then get the agreement of President Trump . Rep. Carlos Curbelo ( R-FL ) is one GOP lawmaker who is ready for that to happen .
Agree with @ SpeakerRyan that memo drafted by Democratic Members and staff should also be released now that the Majority memo has been made public . https : //t.co/sKR9X54oVP — Carlos Curbelo ( @ carloslcurbelo ) February 2 , 2018
5 . Rosenstein becomes a political pinata . You have to figure that Rod Rosenstein – first appointed as a federal prosecutor by George W. Bush , then held over in the same post by Barack Obama – did n't see this level of stomach-churning work coming when they accepted President Trump 's nomination to be Deputy Attorney General . Mr. Trump did n't sound too fatherly when asked if still had confidence in Rosenstein . “ You figure that one out , ” the President said with an aggravated look on their face in the Oval Office . Now , we have a conservative group running TV spots against Rosenstein . Most people ca n't name the Attorney General , let alone the Deputy AG . But that 's where we are right now . Remember , Rosenstein is the boss of Robert Mueller . You get rid of Rosenstein , and Mueller could be next .
6 . All the while , the Mueller investigation continues . Some days I stand outside the Capitol for a minute and remind myself that the world does not orbit around that building . Think about the Russia investigation that way for a minute . While there are all sorts of charges and counter-charges being leveled by both parties about the memo on Capitol Hill , not far away , former FBI Director Robert Mueller is moving ahead with the Russia investigation . There have already been indictments and a guilty plea . There are a number of sealed cases in federal court here in Washington , D.C. – many wonders if those are related to the Mueller probe . And while there 's a lot of GOP fire being thrown at the Special Counsel , that 's not true of everyone on the Republican side . There was this on Friday from retiring Rep. Trey Gowdy ( R-SC ) .
As I have said repeatedly , I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller . The contents of this memo do not – in any way – discredit their investigation . — Trey Gowdy ( @ TGowdySC ) February 2 , 2018
Stay tuned . There is a lot more in this investigation that was n't touched by the GOP memo .
History by design . Fashions long forgotten yet big in their day . Looking back and in awe of what I do not remember , I find a past opens up with memories I can not capture . Being in theatre , I learned what it was to look at history by design .
I love watching Call of the Midwife on PBS . Indeed , it is a wonderful series that takes place during the years I have been alive . It begins post WWII . The costuming is right on . I observe what my mother would have worn in those early days and learn a bit about life in those times . It takes place in England but not so different that what was happening in the United States . I often see a young Ruth pushing a pram . Them hair curled and their figure thin . They are n't wearing glasses back then , and , to this daughter , they are quite beautiful . Housedresses buttoned up the front were made from sackcloth . Shoes were designed for long wear . Dresses were practical . Clothing was worn for several days and bathing was not a daily activity . In these women I see my past life . I learn what it was like to live when the milkman delivered milk in a glass bottle and people rode bikes or walked . A day of no television when radio was the main source of learning about the world outside of Neff Road .
In later episodes of Call of the Midwife , time progresses to where a modern world step in removing the old and adding bright colors to the new . Appliances take on new colors and so do the clothes . This series is now into the '60 s that I remember . Through this show , I travel through time .
And , yes , I love Perry Mason . I love the look of the homes , hair , cars and clothing . Perry goes from slim to not so slim . Della ages from young woman to middle aged . Paul , of course , is still a womanizer . I chuckle at the differences the years make and love every minute of the mysteries . Indeed we learn about our pasts by learning from that magic picture box .
I am in wonder at the speed at which time travels . We can not go back . And , who wants to ? Contrary to the past , we can design our own looks . I know this because I still watch TV . Heck , I can get a tattoo , wear white pants in December , ride on a Harley in leather and shave my head . All of the finger-pointing that took place long ago and the rules of protocol are tossed aside , so we can be who we want to be without criticism . I rather wish I were a teenager now . Not just because of the smooth skin and thin figure but because I would be able to have my own voice and use it . I could be a girl of my own design .
We do n't wear bustles any more . And cinched-corset designs gave way when , I would assume , some women said , “ no more. ” For me the demise of the garters , girdles and pantyhose was the end of useless torture . We no longer dress for men . We dress for ourselves . Men can toss out the three-piece suit , tie tacks and pegged pants . They can be more casual and yet look good . They can design their own look .
History does indeed show us how far we have come . I will continue to watch Perry and try to remember if I have seen the episode four or five times . I will continue to embrace new shows that show me more options for my current look and those that remind me of my mother and sisters . Indeed the past was history by design . Perhaps the future is individuality by design .
https : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_drakecolumnPRINT-4.jpg
By Pamela Loxley Drake On Neff Road
Pamela Loxley Drake is a former resident of Darke County and is the author of Neff Road and A Grandparent Voice blog . They can be reached at pamldrake @ gmail.com . Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author . The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author .
Pamela Loxley Drake is a former resident of Darke County and is the author of Neff Road and A Grandparent Voice blog . They can be reached at pamldrake @ gmail.com . Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author . The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author .
The memory of Harrison County deputy Earl Wesley Phillips who made the ultimate sacrifice 45 years ago is being honored .
April 6 Amazon.Com Inc
* Amazon to create 5,000 new , part-time , work-from-home jobs over the next year
* Amazon.Com - new virtual customer service jobs are part of plans to hire more than 30,000 part-time roles over next year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
EX-OLYMPIC swimmer and lawyer Chris Fydler is favoured to be the next chef de mission of Australia 's Olympic team .
Incumbent Kitty Chiller has told the Australian Olympic Committee ( AOC ) they do n't want the job for the 2020 Tokyo Games as they pursue a corporate career . Fydler , a triple Olympian , has been deputy chef de mission for the past two Games and will be discussed as a candidate at an AOC board meeting later this month .
media_camera Kitty Chiller has stepped down as Australia 's Olympic chef de mission .
Chiller was the nation 's first female chef de mission but oversaw just one ( Olympics ) — Australia 's troubled campaign in Rio last year .
“ I have struggled with the decision , it has been hard . I love the athletes and the Olympic movement , ” Chiller told News Corp .
“ I did n't want to rush it because I wanted to be sure .
media_camera Ashley Callus , Chris Fydler , Michael Klim and Ian Thorpe their epic 4x100m relay win .
“ I have probably always known what it would be and I am so busy now with the corporate work that I have been doing that now it just feels right . ”
An AOC executive board meeting on August 24 will discuss a replacement .
Originally published as Olympic hero tipped to replace Chiller
NEW YORK ( AP ) — John Oliver has trolled their way to the top .
The HBO host 's spoof of a new picture book by the wife and daughter of Vice President Mike Pence was No . 1 on Amazon.com as of midday Monday .
“ Marlon Bundo 's Day in the Life of a Vice President ” is a tribute to the Pence family 's beloved rabbit . It was written by the vice president 's daughter , Charlotte Pence , and illustrated by their wife , Karen Pence .
Oliver 's book , which they announced over the weekend , is called “ Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo. ” The story is the same , almost : This Marlon Bundo is in love with a male bunny .
The parody book was written by “ Last Week ” contributor Jill Twiss and illustrated by EG Keller .
Manorhamilton and Leitrim will be glued to their computer screens this afternoon when Sean McDermott Boxing Club 's Déarbhla Rooney is fighting for a place in the Women 's Bantam weight Final at the European Youth Boxing Championship .
Déarbhla has beaten off Poland 's Pawlak Weronika and Croatia 's Nikolina Cacic of Croatia to reach Tuesday 's semi-final where they will face the imposing Russian fighter Valeri Radinova in the semi-finals after the Russian defeated England 's Elise Glynn 4-1 in their quarter-final .
Radinova is a tough fighter with an aggressive brawling style that puts them on the front foot while a tight guard means it can be hard to break through . The Russian fighter beat the European champion Elise Glynn in the quarter-finals so their confidence will obviously be up as they take on Déarbhla .
However , with 1992 Olympic champion Michael Carruth and Michael Mongan giving their advice in their corner for the last fight and Sean McDermott BC coaches John Gilligan and James Kelly also giving advice , the coaching team and Déarbhla are sure to work out a plan to deal with the dangerous Russian .
For those of a superstitous nature , Déarbhla will box out of the red corner for the first time in these championships in bout 268 of the programme , the semi-final fourth in the afternoon schedule in ring B . It should mean that Déarbhla climbs into the ring at about 1.45 pm on Tuesday afternoon if all three bouts ahead of them go the distance .
Déarbhla will be joined in Tuesday 's Semi-Finals by Irish team-mates Dean Clancy from Sligo , Lauren Kelly , Jude Gallagher , Daina Moorehouse and Evelyn Igharo on what should be a very exciting day for Irish boxing .
The link for watching today 's Semi-Finals is available here .
Everyone in the Leitrim Observer and connected with any Leitrim sport wishes Déarbhla the best of luck .
A A
La Center — Registration for kindergarten at La Center Elementary School will take place from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. April 17-28 at the school , 700 E. Fourth St. , La Center .
Children must turn 5 years old on or before Aug. 31 to enter kindergarten for the 2017-2018 school year . Parents and guardians are asked to bring their child 's immunization record and a copy of their legal birth certificate to the school for registration .
The school will host Kindy Cub Nights from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. March 9 , April 11 and May 11 in its cafeteria . Students and parents will have dinner and work on activities to prepare students for school . Anyone interested is asked to sign up by calling the school 's office , 360-263-2134 . Families are encouraged to attend all three events .
[ India ] , Apr 24 ( ANI ) : In wake of the violence that gripped West Bengal , Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) MLA from Bairia district , Surendra Singh on Tuesday said the inaction of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee would soon lead to a situation similar to that of Jammu and Kashmir and the Hindus would be wiped out of the state .
`` Mamata Banerjee is playing the role of Surpanakha . People are getting killed on streets and they being the chief minister is not doing anything about it , such leader is not a good one . Hindus are unsafe in Bengal . If nothing is done about it , Bengal will face situation like that in Jammu and Kashmir . Hindus will be ousted from Bengal just like it happened in Jammu and Kashmir . '' Singh told reporters here .
While likening the Chief Minister with mythical demoness Surpanakha , Singh said that the Congress party was playing the role of demon king , Ravana . Singh further alleged torture of Hindus by terrorists entering the TMC-ruled state from adjoining Bangladesh . `` Fortunately we have a leader like Modi Ji and we will oust all foreign elements from Bengal , '' they added . A clash broke out between supporters of Trinamool Congress ( TMC ) and BJP , during filing of nominations for panchayat elections in Birbhum district , on Monday , which claimed one BJP worker 's life . Clashes were reported from other parts of the state as well . Singh is not new to controversial statements . Recently , speaking in defence of BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar who was accused of raping a girl in Unnao , Singh said that no one could rape a mother of three children . ( ANI )
THE Orlando Magic have named Steve Clifford as their new head coach , taking over from Frank Vogel who was fired last month .
Clifford , 56 , was a former assistant coach at the franchise from 2007-2012 , a period that saw the Magic reach the playoffs five times including a 2009 NBA Finals appearance .
They will be handed the task of attempting to resurrect the Magic 's fortunes after a dismal 2017-2018 campaign which saw them finish one place off the bottom of the Eastern Conference with a 25-57 record .
Clifford is Orlando 's fifth head coach since 2012 , following Jacque Vaughn , James Borrego , Scott Skiles and Vogel .
Clifford joins after five seasons as head coach of the Charlotte Hornets . They took the Hornets to the playoffs twice during that period , compiling a 196-214 record .
“ We are very excited to welcome Steve ( Clifford ) back into the Magic family , ” Magic president of basketball operations Jeff Weltman said .
“ Steve is widely regarded throughout the NBA community as an elite coach and developer of players at all stages .
“ His teams have always been disciplined and prepared and have embraced the concept of playing for each other . ”
KIRKLAND , Wash. — In the world of social media , many people obsess with how many ‘ likes ' they get or how cool they look to others .
Now , one local high school student is challenging that with a new app .
The app is called Unite and it aims to do just that — unite the community and help people connect easier and to feel a sense of belonging .
Whether it 's basketball or a book club , Unite aims to connect people nearby through common interests .
The creator of the app is Sami Bagbhan , an 18 year-old from Kirkland who is about to graduate from Lake Washington High School .
The app centers around four themes .
“ Sports , study , hangout , and start your own event , ” Bagbhan said .
Q13 News spoke to a young man who recently downloaded the free app and hosted a Bible study .
“ If you like playing chess , you like backgammon , do your thing and you will find someone interested in it rather than everyone has to be the star football player , ” Sam Sadeghi said .
Unite launched at the end of May and it already has more than 500 users .
“ Something new , something refreshing and it 's easy to use , ” Massey Hosseini said .
Hosseini is a freshman at Lake Washington High School and they say the app makes it easier to find friends .
“ Some kids from Juanita High School and some other kids in my high school , I have never talked to before ; we met at Starbucks and we actually got work done , which was nice , ” Hosseini said .
Bagbhan said the idea for the app came from their personal struggles to fit in .
“ As a kid I grew up knowing what it 's like to be alone , ” Bagbhan said .
They say when they first immigrated to the U.S. as a 10-year-old , finding friends was so tough that at times they would eat lunch in the bathroom .
“ No one wants to sit next to me , no one wants to talk to me , they make fun of my accent , ” Baghban said .
They hope their creation will make it easier for others to feel like they belong ; it starts with a common interest and an open mind , they said .
MONTEVIDEO , Uruguay — Kyle Gimour will captain Canada ' A ' against Argentina XV at the Americas Pacific Challenge on Saturday .
The six-team rugby tournament also features developmental sides from Uruguay , the U.S. Samoa and Tonga .
`` Argentina , whether it 's the Pumas , Jaguars or XV side , are known for playing a wide , expansive brand of rugby with a lot of decoy runners and offloads and we 're going to have to be ready for that , '' Canada coach Mike Shelley said in a statement .
Canada opened last year 's tournament with a 56-29 loss to an Argentine side , with five returnees – Adrian Wadden , Conor Keys , Pat Parfrey , Lucas Rumball and Guiseppe du Toit – in the starting lineup for Saturday 's game .
FILE PHOTO : Malaysian Police officers gather before a protest organized by Members of the youth wing of the National Front , Malaysia 's ruling coalition , in front of the North Korea embassy , following the murder of Kim Jong Nam , in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , February 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : North Korean suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder , Ri Jong Chol , leaves a Sepang police station to be deported , in Malaysia March 3 , 2017 , in this file photo taken by Kyodo . Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Malaysia 's Royal Police Chief Khalid Abu Bakar demonstrates to the media during a news conference regarding the apparent assassination of Kim Jong Nam , the half-brother of the North Korean leader , at the Malaysian police headquarters in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , February 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Kim Jong Nam arrives at Beijing airport in Beijing , China , in this photo taken by Kyodo February 11 , 2007 . Kyodo/via REUTERS/File Photo
KUALA LUMPUR Malaysian authorities wrongly identified the slain half-brother of North Korea 's leader as a South Korean national and first alerted Seoul 's embassy in Kuala Lumpur soon after their death , sources familiar with the incident told Reuters .
The police error did have a silver lining : It enabled Seoul to quickly inform Kuala Lumpur the dead man was probably Kim Jong Nam , half-brother to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un .
Kim was murdered around mid-morning on Feb. 13 , when Malaysian police say two women smeared super toxic VX nerve agent on their face at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport .
After examining the victim 's passport , Malaysian authorities confused the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , the formal name of North Korea , with the Republic of Korea , the official name of its estranged southern neighbour , the sources said .
Malaysian authorities contacted the South Korean embassy , sending along copies of documents found on Kim 's body . After the mix-up was realised , North Korea 's diplomatic mission in Kuala Lumpur was informed on the day of the murder , the sources said .
Malaysian police did not respond to requests for comment .
The confusion over Kim 's nationality also explains why it was the South Korean media that initially broke the news . Within 24 hours of their death , South Korea 's National Intelligence Service had briefed lawmakers in Seoul that Kim Jong Nam was believed dead . It then was leaked to the South Korean media .
Hours after the news emerged in South Korea , Malaysian police confirmed that a North Korean man had died at the airport , without disclosing their identity .
OUT IN THE OPEN
South Korean and U.S. intelligence sources say North Korea masterminded the attack , which Pyongyang denies .
North Korea does not even acknowledge the dead man is Kim Jong Nam . Pyongyang continues to refer to them as Kim Chol , the name on the diplomatic passport Kim was carrying when they died .
South Korean intelligence officers say Kim Jong-un had issued standing orders for the elimination of their elder half-brother .
Kim Jong Nam 's murder was remarkably public , according to North Korea analysts . The assassins chose an airport covered by CCTV cameras and a designated weapon of mass destruction possessed by only a few states , North Korea among them .
“ The effect had to be planned , ” said Robert L. Gallucci , a former U.S. chief negotiator with North Korea over its nuclear programme . “ They wanted to underline impunity , that they can act with impunity . ”
The brazen nature of the assassination also made collecting evidence relatively easy . After the first chaotic day , the investigation was taken over by Malaysia 's Special Branch - which combines the roles of elite police unit and domestic intelligence agency .
The two women who smeared the VX nerve agent on Kim - described by police as Vietnamese “ entertainment outlet employee ” Doan Thi Huong and Indonesian “ spa masseuse ” Siti Aisyah - were arrested three days after the killing .
According to lawyers , families and consular officials , the two women believed they were involved in a prank .
CCTV AIRPORT FOOTAGE
Three days after the women 's detention , four North Koreans were named as ringleaders of the plot , all of whom left Malaysia soon after the murder .
Captured by CCTV footage at the airport , the men - later identified by South Korea as agents of Pyongyang 's ministry of state security - were nearby when Kim was poisoned .
While South Korea and Malaysia were caught unawares by Kim 's trip to Malaysia , the alleged state security agents at the airport suggests North Korea was well informed .
Three of the four arrived in Malaysia before Kim did . The other one landed a day later , on February 7 , police have said .
Malaysian police believe the women were recruited by another North Korean national Ri Ji U , also known as James .
Two other North Koreans , Hyon Kwang Song , second secretary at the Kuala Lumpur embassy , and Kim Uk Il , a staff member of North Korea 's state airline Air Koryo , were also named as suspects .
Ri , Hyon and Kim are believed to be holed up in the North Korean embassy , where Malaysian police are prevented from entering without permission under the Vienna Convention that lays out the international rules of diplomacy .
Another “ important ” but unnamed North Korean national is also being sought , Malaysian police inspector-general Khalid Abu Bakar said last week .
North Korea and Malaysia 's historically close ties began to unravel in the wake of Kim 's death , hitting a nadir when Pyongyang banned nine Malaysian citizens from leaving the country in retaliation for the Kim investigation .
Malaysia 's Prime Minister Najib Razak initially announced a tit-for-tat ban , accusing North Korea of “ effectively holding our citizens hostage ” . A day later , they struck a more conciliatory tone , saying the dispute would be solved through quiet negotiations .
Those talks have yet to conclude . North Korea is demanding Kim 's body and the three remaining suspects inside its embassy be returned to Pyongyang in exchange for an end to the travel ban on Malaysians , a diplomatic source said .
( Reporting by Tom Allard , Emily Chow and James Pearson . Writing by Tom Allard . Editing by Bill Tarrant . )
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike , oil prices dip , NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday , mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months . A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S & P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data . Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent , hit by an unexpec
House Republicans , with the approval of President Donald Trump , on Friday released a disputed GOP intelligence memo that alleges FBI abuses of its surveillance authority .
Scroll for more content ...
The highly controversial memo from the GOP and House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought for a Trump campaign aide without a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia .
The memo is the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI 's investigation into Trump and Russia , alleging that the investigation was infused with an anti-Trump bias under the Obama administration and supported with political opposition research .
The public release of the classified document , through a never-before-used committee rule , threatens to further fracture the frayed relationship between the President and their Justice Department and intelligence community , both of which opposed the release of the document , which is based on classified intelligence . The FBI issued a rare public warning on Wednesday that the memo omits key information that could impact its veracity . The release also raises the question of whether Trump might seek to dismiss their deputy attorney general , Rod Rosenstein , who appointed special counsel Robert Mueller .
Trump signed off on releasing the memo before it was released , and the White House requested no redactions , spokesperson Raj Shah said .
Speaking in the Oval Office Friday , Trump implied the memo revealed political bias at the FBI . They said they believed the purported bias was a `` disgrace '' and said certain people should be `` ashamed of themselves . ''
Asked whether they retained confidence in Rosenstein or if they planned to fire him , Trump demurred .
`` You figure that one out , '' Trump said .
Democrats have slammed the memo as an inaccurate and misleading portrait intended to undermine Mueller 's probe . They disputed what the memo concluded about McCabe 's testimony on the dossier as the basis for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant .
California Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee , told reporters Friday that the Republican memo `` cherry picks '' information from McCabe 's testimony .
Schiff argued that memo does not represent what McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee , and they said McCabe told the panel the `` genesis of the investigation '' did not begin with the dossier .
The memo is focused on a warrant granted in October 2016 by the FISA court to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page , as well as the approval of three subsequent renewals .
Even if the dossier was used as part of the application , a FISA renewal indicates that a judge was convinced that the surveillance was yielding information about the target acting as an agent of a foreign power that merited continued monitoring .
Questions about the memo
The memo tries to connect what Republicans believe was a flawed application to monitor Page to the overall counterintelligence investigation into potential collusion between Russians and the Republican campaign .
But the memo also undermines its own argument about the application being overly reliant on the dossier . It notes that the application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos , suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier in the Page application .
Papadopoulos was already under investigation for contacts with a professor connected to the Russian government who had promised dirt on Hillary Clinton . That investigation was opened months before the Page application after the FBI received information from the Australian government , CNN has reported .
The memo states that the FBI counterintelligence investigation was `` triggered '' by Papadopoulos in July 2016 , months before the Page FISA application was filed .
The memo also does n't mention that the FBI had earlier opened an investigation into the Russian intelligence agencies ' hack of the Democratic National Committee .
Former FBI Director James Comey , who was in charge during the 2016 campaign , downplayed the significance of the memo Friday .
`` That 's it ? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee , destroyed trust with Intelligence Community , damaged relationship with FISA court , and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen . For what ? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs , '' Comey tweeted .
Rep. Trey Gowdy , a South Carolina Republican who vetted the intelligence for the Intelligence Committee in place of Nunes , tweeted that the memo did not discredit Mueller 's investigation .
`` As I have said repeatedly , I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller . The contents of this memo do not - in any way - discredit their investigation , '' Gowdy tweeted . `` While this memo raises serious concerns with the FISA process , I have been and remain confident in the overwhelming majority of the men and women serving at the FBI and DOJ . ''
Dossier allegations
The memo alleges that Christopher Steele , the ex-British intelligence agent who wrote the dossier , harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations that were not included in the FISA application , and that senior DOJ officials knew about Steele 's anti-Trump bias .
According to the memo , that Steele told then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr in September 2016 that they `` was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president . ''
The memo alleges that the FISA application cited a September 2016 Yahoo News article on Page 's July 2016 trip to Moscow , but the application `` incorrectly assesses that Steele did not provide information to Yahoo News . ''
`` The article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele themselves to Yahoo news , '' the memo states .
But the memo then goes on to say that the FBI did not know about Steele 's media contacts , alleging Steele `` improperly concealed and lied '' to the FBI about their media contacts . Schiff , however , said that the Yahoo News article was not referenced in the FISA application to corroborate Steele .
The memo names former officials in the Obama administration who signed off on the warrants , saying former FBI Director James Comey signed three applications , and McCabe and former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates signed at least one .
But the memo also states that Rosenstein -- who was elevated under Trump -- signed off on at least one FISA application for Page . Dana Boente , who is currently the FBI general counsel and was appointed by Trump 's FBI director , also signed off as well on one or more of the applications .
Democrats dispute memo 's findings
Democrats have slammed the Republican memo as misleading and inaccurate . Schiff , saying the memo fails to provide `` vital context , '' called the memo `` a shameful effort to discredit '' the FBI and Justice Department and an attempt to undermine Mueller 's probe .
Virginia Sen. Mark Warner , the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said the memo `` demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth . ''
`` Unlike almost every House member who voted in favor of this memo 's release , I have actually read the underlying documents on which the memo was based . They simply do not support its conclusions , '' Warner said in a statement .
But Nunes said in a statement that committee had `` discovered serious violations of the public trust , and the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes . ''
`` It is my hope that the committee 's actions will shine a light on this alarming series of events so we can make reforms that allow the American people to have full faith and confidence in their governing institutions , '' Nunes said .
Page 's role
The Steele dossier alleges that Page met senior Russian officials as an emissary of the Trump campaign and discussed quid-pro-quo deals relating to sanctions , business opportunities and Russia 's interference in the election . After Page took a trip to Russia in July 2016 , the FBI grew concerned that they had been compromised by Russian operatives , US officials briefed on the matter told CNN .
Page says they never cut any political deals with the Kremlin and says there was nothing illegal in their interactions with Russian officials .
`` The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant , historic leap in the repair of America 's democracy , '' Page said in a statement Friday .
Ohr , the Justice Department official who was demoted amid the discovery of their ties to the opposition research firm behind the controversial Trump dossier , figures prominently in the memo .
`` Before and after Steele was terminated as a source , they maintained contact with DOJ via then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr , '' the memo says . `` Shortly after the election , the FBI began interviewing Ohr , documenting their communications with Steele , '' including `` clear evidence of Steele 's bias , '' according to the memo .
It adds , `` Ohr later provided the FBI will all their wife 's opposition research , paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS . The Ohrs ' relationship with Settle and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from ( the FISA court ) . ''
Ohr previously served as an associate deputy attorney general , but was stripped of that position after their meetings with Steele and Simpson became public in December . More recently , Ohr has was removed as head of the Justice Department 's Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Forces as well .
Escalation of partisan fight over Russia probe
The memo was spearheaded by Nunes , who was a member of the Trump transition team , and written by majority committee staff .
The committee voted along party lines to release the memo first to the full House and then to the public on Monday .
At the same time , the committee rejected an effort from Schiff to also make public a 10-page Democratic counter-memo . The committee voted to release that memo to the full House , and Schiff plans to push for its release next week .
A major incident 's been declared in Wiltshire in the UK- where police think a man and a woman left critically ill may have been exposed to an unknown substance .
The pair , in their 40s , were found unconscious at a property on Saturday evening . They were taken from Amesbury to Salisbury District Hospital .
It 's a few miles from where former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia Skripal were poisoned earlier this year - but nothing is linking the two at the moment .
Police say it 's not yet clear if a crime 's been committed .
Warren Buffett , chairperson and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway , smiles before speaking with Bill Gates ( not pictured ) , at Columbia University in New York , U.S. , January 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton - RTSXPMW
As the United States adapts to the presidency of Donald Trump and faces rising tensions abroad , Berkshire Hathaway Inc ( BRKa.N ) shareholders will descend on Omaha , Nebraska this weekend seeking reassurance , from Warren Buffett .
The weekend known as `` Woodstock for Capitalists '' is unique in corporate America , a celebration of the billionaire 's image and success at a conglomerate whose businesses range from Geico insurance to the BNSF railroad to See 's candies to Ginsu knives .
Buffett , 86 , and vice chairperson Charlie Munger , 93 , will answer five hours of questions at Saturday 's annual meeting .
Many say it reinforces their views about investing and Berkshire , even if it remains unclear how much new they learn .
`` Watching someone like ( Buffett ) with strong command on details of the economy and Berkshire 's operations is very impressive , '' said Meyer Shields , a Keefe , Bruyette & Woods analyst who rates Berkshire `` market perform . '' `` But you 're not going to learn a lot about Berkshire Hathaway the company . ''
Last year 's attendance fell to about 37,000 from more than 40,000 a year earlier .
But there were also 1.1 million real-time sign-ons to Yahoo Finance , which webcast the meeting for the first time . It will do so again , in English and Mandarin .
LARGE , LARGE ORGANIZATION
Much of Berkshire 's relative outperformance came decades ago when it was much smaller , and even Buffett has called the company 's huge size an `` anchor on investment performance . ''
Buffett has said Berkshire owns 10 businesses big enough to make the Fortune 500 list of large U.S. companies on their own .
But details can be thin . For example , aircraft parts maker Precision Castparts , acquired last year for $ 32.1 billion , merited about a page in Berkshire 's annual report .
Precision 's final annual report , in 2015 , ran 87 pages .
`` It 's a large , large organization , '' said Jeffrey Stacey , founder of Stacey Muirhead Capital Management in Waterloo , Ontario , who is attending their 26th straight meeting . `` I am willing to give it the benefit of the doubt because the track record has been so good for so long . ''
Buffett said in February that boosting disclosure could put many Berkshire businesses at a disadvantage , and that `` it 's the growth of the Berkshire forest that counts . ''
They also know the perils of conglomerates , saying in 2015 that dubious accounting , self-promotion and mediocre businesses make them `` richly deserve '' their `` terrible '' reputation .
Buffett says Berkshire is different , in part because they took Munger 's advice to buy wonderful businesses at fair prices .
Shareholders enjoy that focus less than they once did .
Berkshire 's share price has slightly lagged the Standard & Poor 's 500 .SPX including dividends during the eight-year bull market , but has outperformed since the global financial crisis mushroomed in September 2008 .
Shields , who is not attending Saturday 's meeting , wants Buffett to reveal more , even if shareholders can `` safely assume '' their eventual successor as chief executive is top-flight .
ISSUES APLENTY
While Buffett and Munger do not know in advance the questions they will get from shareholders , journalists and analysts at Saturday 's meeting , they can anticipate many .
Buffett may need to review Berkshire 's support of Wells Fargo & Co ( WFC.N ) , in which it holds a roughly 10 percent stake , despite a sales scandal over bogus customer accounts .
They may also get questions about their support for 3G Capital , a Brazilian firm known for ruthless cost-cutting . Berkshire controls Kraft Heinz Co ( KHC.O ) with 3G , and recently tried to help 3G buy Unilever NV ( UNc.AS ) ( ULVR.L ) for $ 143 billion .
Trump is sure to come up . Buffett did not support their election but Berkshire 's book value could swell by $ 36 billion with their proposed corporate tax cuts , Barclays Capital said .
Buffett may also get questions about their surprise bets on Apple Inc ( AAPL.O ) and the four biggest U.S. airlines .
Having gone over a year since a big acquisition , Buffett may be asked how they can better deploy the $ 86.4 billion of cash , equivalents and Treasury bills that Berkshire recently held .
Succession may also come up . Indeed , Buffett has already delegated work to lieutenants like Ajit Jain , Gregory Abel , Tracy Britt Cool and Todd Combs that they once would do himself .
( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York ; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and Lisa Shumaker )
An off-duty Port Authority police officer sprang into action Saturday and detained an alleged stabber after they were woken up by a woman 's cries for help , officials said .
Scroll for more content ...
Officer Giovanni Urena , 34 , was asleep in their Corona apartment Saturday afternoon after their shift at LaGuardia Airport when they heard a woman scream outside .
`` Help me ! Help me ! '' they screamed in Spanish , according to a Port Authority Police Department spokesperson .
Urena woke up , looked out their window and saw a bleeding woman and a knife-wielding man , officials said .
`` My first instinct was to help the lady out . I could n't let them die , '' Urena said . `` I just could n't let them get away . ''
They pulled on a pair of jeans , ran outside and chased the alleged stabber down 39th Street . Urena was barefoot and did n't have a weapon or cellphone .
Urena tackled the man to the ground , they said . They told a nearby pedestrian to call 911 and stayed there until NYPD officers took the man into custody .
Benito Abreu , 61 , was charged with assault , menacing and criminal possession of a deadly weapon , police said .
The woman suffered serious stab wounds . She 's in stable condition at a hospital and is expected to make a full recovery .
Neighbor Pedro Ortiz praised Urena .
`` God bless him , '' they said . `` Not too many would do that , especially when they are off duty . Some people would just turn the cheek . ''
Making VM performance management practical
In today 's highly-virtualised , hyper-converged technology world , new data centre tools and technologies can become quite abstract and conceptual .
“ The data centre realm is certainly becoming more complex , ” says Anton Jacobsz , MD of Networks Unlimited . “ Data volumes are increasing exponentially , as companies look to derive greater insights from all the information they 're storing . ”
“ Knowing how to plan the expansion and modernisation of your data centre is a tough challenge . ”
But they say that a recent ground-breaking paper from one of Networks Unlimited 's vendors , Tintri , breathes fresh air into the conversations , and helps technology pros make decisions based on a firm understanding of how advanced data centres can operate .
Called ‘ A Deep Dive into Tintri VM Scale-out ' , the paper highlights four tangible instances where a suite of sophisticated VM management tools can be orchestrated to achieve great results .
Scenario 1 – Solving the initial VM placement challenge
“ For data centre administrators , particularly in large enterprises or those that are rapidly digitising , it seems like adding new VMs is a very regular occurrence , ” notes Jacobsz . “ Traditionally , each time the team adds a new machine , they have to ‘ guess ' the storage capacity and performance needs – and choose a storage solution that they hope will work best . ”
Tintri 's VM Scale-out tools allow the team to simply drop a new VM onto any VMstore in a storage pool that is managed by VM Scale-out . Every 10 minutes , Tintri analyses VM-level footprint and performance statistics , to work out the optimal location for the new VM .
With literally just a couple of clicks , administrators can accept the suggestion and move the VM to a permanent location that 's best suited to its needs – automatically carrying all the data protection policies , snapshots and historical performance data along with it .
Scenario 2 – Deploying new virtual desktop infrastructure
“ A large-scale , new virtual desktop infrastructure ( VDI ) deployment is a notoriously difficult project to scope and to ensure there is sufficient resource provisioning , ” explains Jacobsz .
The Tintri Analytics histogram feature helps administrators to analyse previous storage and compute resource needs , to extrapolate the likely needs for an entire VDI deployment . Tintri Analytics Experiments can then further refine the results of this initial analysis . This tool conducts multiple ‘ what if ' scenarios – in a purely hypothetical simulation – to reliably determine if the original estimates will be sufficient .
When it comes to the actual deployment , Tintri 's VM-level cloning tools help to simplify and accelerate the implementation . Tintri cloning and fast file copy technology rapidly deploys data from individual desktops to the virtualised storage array .
Full hypervisor integration means that many routine tasks – like copying VM templates , virtual disks , or even the cloning of entire VMs – are now automated . The results are VM deployments that takes just seconds to complete .
Scenario 3 – Creating a new full-stack developer environment
“ Building out new development environments is absolutely essential for today 's rapidly-transforming enterprise , ” says Jacobsz . “ Businesses of all shapes and sizes are growing teams of developers to create and manage a range of applications – from consumer interfaces , to internal applications that enhance the way the organisation operates .
“ Tintri Analytics again comes into play in scenarios like this – where a group of VMs may include production database servers , database clients and web servers , alongside a multitude of other supporting VMs . ”
Traditionally , this kind of deployment has proved to be extremely challenging , as each of these VMs has different capacity requirements , operating systems , and performance requirements .
But Tintri 's Analytics tools help IT professionals to correctly architect new development environments , reliably provisioning all the necessary resources to guarantee success . Automatic performance isolation technology ensures that VMs with different workload profiles operate in harmony ( without individual VMs grabbing performance resources at the expense of other VMs ) .
Scenario 4 – Scaling out with Tintri storage
“ A modern data centre is an ever-evolving , always-changing entity , ” comments Jacobsz , “ with new needs arising , new technologies coming to the fore , and changes having to be made continually to optimise the environment . ”
In response to this , the Tintri Global Center ‘ never sleeps ' – it continually analyses performance and makes recommendations for how to optimise the environment and ensure that VMs are getting the capacity and performance they require .
Whenever the team adds new VMstores ( extra capacity ) , this Global Center recognises the new capacity and starts immediately making recommendations for how to shuffle VMs around , to make the best use of the newly added capacity .
“ While the data centre and its associated technologies are growing ever-more sophisticated and complex , there are certain VM management tools that can help to simplify all the new tasks that are required in the modern era , ” adds Jacobsz .
With Tintri 's range of VM management tools , datacentre administrators know that their datacentre performance can continue humming at optimal levels , even when it 's time to tackle some of the most challenging , large-scale projects .
THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- Professors and support staff at the Nova Scotia Community College have agreed to new six-year collective agreements .
The Nova Scotia Teachers Union , which represents the two bargaining units , says a vote on management 's final offer was held Tuesday .
Faculty members voted 55 per cent in favour of the offer , while 64 per cent of voters with the professional support bargaining unit were in favour .
The union says the agreements , which run from Sept. 1 , 2014 to Aug. 31 , 2020 , were ratified following the vote and include a seven-per-cent wage increase over the six-year terms .
Under legislation , the employer is required to freeze the years of service used to calculate an employee 's retirement service award as of March 31 , 2015 .
However , the union says under both agreements employees can either choose to collect their service award based on their salary at retirement , or collect it immediately based on their salary as of March 31 , 2018 .
April 10 Hebei Huijin Electromechanical Co Ltd :
* Sees net loss for Q1 2017 to be 12 million yuan to 15 million yuan , compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 ( 9.4 million yuan )
* Comments that seasonal impacting and increased investment in new market development are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/3zNjbe
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
A girl rides their bicycle across the border from Mexico to the U.S. in Nogales , Arizona , U.S. , January 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
FILE PHOTO : A woman touches a family member through the border fence between Ciudad Juarez and El Paso , United States , after a bi-national Mass in support of migrants in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , February 15 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jose Luis Gonzalez
Supporters of Romulo Avelica , an immigrant who was arrested on February 28 after they dropped their daughter at school , protest outside the ICE Federal Building in Los Angeles , California , U.S. , March 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Women cross the U.S. border with Mexico carrying a baby in Nogales , Arizona , U.S. , January 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
FILE PHOTO : Immigrants from Central America and Mexican citizens , who are fleeing from violence and poverty , queue to cross into the U.S. to apply for asylum at the new border crossing of El Chaparral in Tijuana , Mexico , November 24 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jorge Duenes
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump has won the first major battle in their war on illegal immigration , and they did it without building their wall .
The victory was announced last week by the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , which released figures showing a 93 percent drop since December of parents and children caught trying to cross the Mexico border illegally .
In December , 16,000 parents and children were apprehended ; in March , a month in which immigration typically increases because of temperate weather , the number was just over 1,100 .
It was a remarkable decline - steeper than the 72 percent drop in overall apprehensions - but for eight DHS officials interviewed by Reuters it was not surprising .
Trump has spoken about the need to crack down broadly on all illegal immigrants . But , internally , according to the DHS officials familiar with the department 's strategy , their administration has focused on one immigrant group more than others : women with children , the fastest growing demographic of illegal immigrants . This planning has not been previously reported .
In the months since Trump 's inauguration , DHS has rolled out a range of policies aimed at discouraging women from attempting to cross the border , including tougher initial hurdles for asylum claims and the threat of prosecuting parents if they hire smugglers to get their families across the border .
The department has also floated proposals such as separating women and children at the border .
DHS Secretary John Kelly told a Senate hearing on April 5 that the sharp drop in illegal immigration , especially among women and children , was due to Trump 's tough policies .
To date , it has been the threat of new policies rather than their implementation that has suppressed family migration .
Mothers and children are n't being separated - and DHS has shelved the plan ; parents have n't been prosecuted , and there is no wall along most of the border . Yet the number of migrants trying to cross – especially women and children – has dropped drastically .
Asked to comment on the policy of targeting women with children , DHS spokesperson Jonathan Hoffman referenced the March drop , saying , “ Those were 15,000 women and children who did not put themselves at risk of death and assault from smugglers to make the trip north . ”
The White House declined to comment and referred Reuters to DHS .
For months , Central Americans had heard about Trump 's get-tough policies . And public service announcements on radio and television presented bleak pictures of what awaited those who travelled north . Some of the ads were funded by the United States , others by United Nations agencies and regional governments .
One radio ad in Honduras featured a mother , saying , “ It 's been a year and I do n't know if they are alive or dead . I 'd do anything to have them here with me . Curse the day I sent them north . ”
The possibility that mothers and children might be separated at the border caused particular alarm , Honduran Deputy Foreign Minister Maria Andrea Matamoros told Reuters
“ That worries any mother that wants to go to the United States with their kid , and being separated drastically changes their plans , '' they said .
IDENTIFYING THE PROBLEM
The policies targeting women and children have their roots in a working group consisting of Capitol Hill staffers and others called together by Trump 's transition team in the weeks after the Nov. 8 election .
The group was asked to develop policies to discourage illegal border crossings and more quickly expel illegal immigrants after they crossed the border , according to two of the DHS officials and a congressional aide .
One goal was to help Trump fulfil a major campaign promise : ending so-called “ catch and release , ” the practice of apprehending illegal immigrants but then freeing them to live in the United States while their asylum or deportation cases were resolved .
The group quickly identified a major obstacle - the large numbers of women and children continuing to cross the border , said the DHS officials and the aide .
Because a federal court ruling bars prolonged immigration detention of juveniles , the Obama administration generally released mothers and children to live in the United States while awaiting resolution of their asylum or deportation cases .
The incoming Trump administration viewed that policy as providing encouragement for women to make the dangerous journey north with their children in tow . But the new administration was bound by the same court ruling .
NEW ROLES
After Kelly 's confirmation as Homeland Security chief in late January , several members of the original working group stepped into key roles at DHS . Gene Hamilton , who had worked for then Republican Senator Jeff Sessions , became senior counsellor to Kelly , and Dimple Shah , who had been staff director of the House National Security Subcommittee , became deputy general counsel .
Kathy Nuebel-Kovarik , formerly a staffer for Republican Senator Chuck Grassley , became policy chief at U.S . Citizenship and Immigration Services . Julie Kirchner left their position as executive director of the conservative Federation for American Immigration Reform to become a top policy adviser at U.S. Customs and Border Protection .
None of the group 's members agreed to be interviewed by Reuters . Several DHS officials said that in their new roles they continued to focus on the issue of women and child migrants .
Soon , they had the bare bones of a plan : Since the court ruling on children was an obstacle to prolonged detention , why not separate them from their mothers , sending children into foster care or protective federal custody while their mothers remained in detention centres , the two DHS officials and congressional aide said .
The group also advocated two other policies directly affecting mothers and children : raising the bar for asylum and prosecuting parents as human traffickers if they hired human smugglers .
The thinking was that “ if they can just implement tough policies for eight weeks - or even threaten to do that - they would see the numbers of families crossing just plummet , ” said one DHS official familiar with the planning .
MAKING HEADLINES
On Jan. 25 , five days after taking office , Trump issued an executive order ending `` catch and release . '' ( A U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement official said the agency still releases most women and children in compliance with the federal court order . )
A week later , in a town hall with U.S. Customs and Immigration Services officers , Chief Asylum Officer John Lafferty outlined the possibility of separating women and children in a semi-public setting for the first time , according to notes of the meeting seen by Reuters .
For more than a month after that meeting , the proposal did not leak , but after Reuters broke news of it in early March , Kelly confirmed that it was under consideration . Democratic members of Congress blasted the proposal , and within days it had made headlines across Mexico and Central America .
That month , the number of children travelling with guardians apprehended at the border fell to one-third of what it had been in February .
When Kelly and their advisers saw the numbers dropping , they announced they were shelving the idea of separating women and children – at least for now .
Asked whether it may be revived , DHS spokesperson Jenny Burke said , `` Families caught crossing the border illegally , generally will not be separated unless the situation at the time requires it . ''
( Reporting by Julia Edwards Ainsley in Washington , Gabriel Stargardter and Sofia Menchu in Mexico City , Gustavo Palencia in Tegucigalpa , Honduras , and Nelson Renteria in San Salvador ; Editing by Sue Horton and Ross Colvin )
OAK RIDGE ( WATE ) – The Oak Ridge Police Department is searching for a missing 12-year-old boy .
The boy went missing from the 100 block of Georgia Avenue on Monday evening . Police say they are 4-feet-10 , weighs 65 pounds , has brown hair and brown eyes . They were wearing a green American Eagle shirt , brown pants , and orange shoes .
Anyone with information should call Oak Ridge police at ( 865 ) 425-4399 .
WATE 6 On Your Side is working to obtain a photo of the missing boy . Refresh this page for updates .
Download the WATE 6 On Your Side News App for breaking news , weather , sports and traffic updates .
FILE PHOTO - A pump jack operates at a well site leased by Devon Energy Production Company near Guthrie , Oklahoma September 15 , 2015 . REUTERS/Nick Oxford/File Photo
NEW YORK Trading volumes and open interest in U.S. crude futures soared in 2016 , particularly among buyers out of Asia and shale companies locking in output , both of whom have shown an affinity for far-dated contracts , the CME Group Inc ( CME.O ) said on Thursday .
NYMEX light sweet crude oil futures average daily volume hit an all-time high of 1.303 million contracts in November 2016 , according to exchange data .
Demand out of Asia/Pacific was notably stronger , with trading volume rising 93 percent from a year earlier , according to data provided to Reuters by the CME .
Recently , there has been growing interest in the liquidity of near-term contracts but also further along the futures curve , for contracts that are two and three years forward , the CME said .
So far in 2017 , WTI open interest and volume continue to exceed historic levels . Several WTI crude oil trading records have already been set in 2017 , including the current daily open interest record of 2.24 million contracts on March 14 .
`` With the lifting of U.S. export ban and greater market efficiencies , WTI has become the leading indicator for price discovery in the global crude oil market , '' the exchange said in a report on Thursday .
U.S. shale production has boomed since 2011 , fueled by hydraulic fracturing technology , but production waned during the worst price rout in a generation .
Shale has since emerged as a resilient rival to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) as efficiency improvements have reduced the cost of production .
Trading volumes skyrocketed and hit records after OPEC and other top producers reached their first joint agreement to limit production since 2001 .
U.S. crude has increasingly found its way around the world after the four-decade export ban was lifted in late 2015 . Exports reached a record 1.1 million barrels per day in February .
The rising liquidity and rebound in oil prices has also narrowed the spread between the bid and ask prices , according to the report .
`` What really matters is the difference between the bid and the ask , '' said Owain Johnson , managing director of energy research and product development at CME Group .
`` The more you can narrow the bid/ask - the cheaper it is for companies to hedge and that makes a huge difference . ''
As shale producers increasingly hedged to protect future prices , WTI options activity increased . An average of 182,000 contracts traded per day in 2016 , up 16 percent versus 2015 .
( Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in New York ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
0 Country music personality Hazel Smith has died at the age of 83
NASHVILLE - There are many who have played a part in the landscape of country music , many who have added their talents to the tapestry of the music genre that has had an impact on so many lives . many who have affected the history of Nashville and country music and many who have left us sooner than we would have liked .
> > Read more trending news
One of those people is Hazel Smith .
According to “ The Tennessean , ” the longtime Nashville media personality passed away at their home on March 18 following “ a period of declining health. ” They were 83 .
Declaring themselves country music 's mother hen , Hazel was a fixture on Nashville 's Music Row for decades . They were a journalist when female journalists were n't a common thing . They were also a songwriter , a publicist , a cookbook author and a television personality as host of CMT 's “ Southern Fried Flicks . ”
> > Related : Country treasure Willie Nelson releases new video for a song we all can relate to
Yet , one of their most meaningful and lasting contributions to country music is the fact that they coined the term “ outlaw music ” while they were working as a publicist back in the early 1970s for the Glaser Brothers ' Hillbilly Central office and studio .
“ Now , it does n't say this in mine or any other dictionary I 've seen , but it said that ‘ outlaw ' meant virtually living on the outside of the written law , ” Hazel told “ The Nashville Scene ” in 1997 , as reported on by “ The Tennessean. ” “ It just made sense to me , because [ record producers ] Owen Bradley and Chet Atkins were doing marvelous music , but this was another step in another direction . ”
Soon after the news of their death was released , many in the country music community headed to their social media accounts to express their sadness over the news , including producer Buddy Cannon .
> > Related : Thomas Rhett 's little one could n't be more adorable in this picture
Very sorry to hear of the passing of Hazel Smith , ” Buddy said .
“ Hazel was a wonderful lady who was a great friend to many of us . They were a colorful , tell it like they saw it kind of person , and you never had to wonder about their stand on something . Willie Nelson credits Hazel with connecting the term ‘ outlaw music ' with himself , Waylon , Tompall [ Glaser ] and all the musical renegades that broke out of the Nashville music factory prison back in the 1970s . We all loved Hazel , and their presence will not soon be forgotten . Rest easy Hazel Smith , ” Cannon said .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Not sure if EVERYONE knows but it is a NEW YEAR ! ! And one of the greatest parts of the new year is celebrating the New Year 's Countdown ! Well in the video below…you actually see the MOST AWKWARD NYE COUNTDOWN EVER ! The looks on all their faces says all about how they feel about 2017 ! Check it out below !
Dive Brief :
In 2014 , the Antioch Unified School District , which had a suspension rate three times the rate of most in the county and a history of complaints regarding alleged discriminatory discipline based on race , signed on for training through Positive Behavioral Interventions and Supports ( PBIS ) , a system which is rapidly expanding in California , Ed Source reports .
The PBIS system has a data-driven three-tier approach to discipline that sets clear expectations for behavior , focuses on positive messaging , and rewards students for compliance , resulting in fewer suspensions and better overall student behavior .
PBIS is the most widely used behavior management program in California and is expanding rapidly in that state , but more than 24 other states also use it in a large percentage of their schools .
Dive Insight :
With growing concerns over the effects of zero-tolerance discipline policies and what some educators term the school-to-prison pipeline , many school districts are rethinking their discipline policies . The need for equitable but effective discipline strategies remains a challenge for many districts . And with the implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act ( ESSA ) , schools are now faced with the need to create a positive school climate and to reduce suspensions and other practices that also often suspend learning .
The PBIS approach has several elements that appeal to school districts , First , it is data-driven , with a School-Wide Information System that tracks student discipline and allows schools to see individual student progress as well as overall trends . It is also based on clear , simple positive messages that provide a framework for overall discipline . In addition , it is designed to enhance equitable practices for school discipline . While some schools are also adding restorative justice practices into the mix , the PBIS approach offers a clear system of behavior management that is growing in popularity across the nation .
[ India ] , May 30 ( ANI ) : Far away from the dreadful water crisis in the South African capital of Cape Town that somehow with the help of a strict water-saving regime managed to push back the 'Day Zero ' , has now found a counterpart in India 's Shimla .
While Cape Town is eerily close to running out of water in the next three years , closer home , the picturesque hill station of Shimla , one of the most tourist-thronged locations in the country , now finds itself in severe water crisis for the ninth day on Wednesday .
Locals in Shimla have hit the streets in protest against the acute water crisis . Residents have also posted messages on social media , urging tourists not to come to the hill city .
Taking note of the situation , Himachal Pradesh High Court directed the authorities to disconnect the water connection of defaulting hotels if bills not paid within two days .
In the wake of the current situation , the Shimla Municipal Corporation is distributing water through tankers to the public under police cover .
Such grave the situation is that police personnel have been deployed for accompanying tankers and in concerned supply and water distribution zones .
Nearly 280 police officers have been deployed in the town to keep an eye on the law and order situation during the protests , water supply zones and also to guard water in the capital city of Himachal Pradesh .
Shimla District Superintendent of Police Omapati Jamwal said , `` In certain areas , the local residents are still getting the water supply through tankers despite the high court 's direction to SMC to not supply water through tankers . People are getting water under police protection . ''
However , local residents say they just want the water and are not happy with seeing police on the road for this purpose .
One of the residents in Navbhar area said , `` The concept of police deployment is beyond understanding . ''
In certain areas , the local residents are still getting the water supply through tankers despite the High Court asking the SMC not to supply water through tankers .
Former deputy mayor of SMC , Harish Janartha led the protest on the streets here demanding water supply .
They asked , `` If SMC is receiving half of the supply needed for the town , then why are people getting water after an interval of seven to eight days ? ''
They further added , `` The Shimla Municipal Corporation is the supplying agency for water in the capital city and also other suburbs of the town but the water is given to SMC by the Irrigation and Public Health ( IPH ) department and there is a lack of coordination between these two agencies and distribution of water is not proper . There is a need of 45 MLD water ( 4.50 crore litres ) and Shimla Municipal Corporation is receiving over 22 MLD which is nearly than half of the total requirement and it decreasing every day . ''
Keeping in mind the gravity of the crisis , the Shimla administration has also postponed a major tourist attraction , International Shimla Summer Festival , scheduled from June 1 to 5 due to the scarcity of water in the town .
While the situation is expected to get better , such incidents of water crises faced in many countries of the world raise questions on the focus on the ecological welfare of the rivers and the environment as a whole .
For instance , Cape Town water supply depends on surface water collected in dams from rivers , thereby ignoring the plight of the rivers .
Similarly , in Himachal Pradesh 's Shimla , the crisis could be attributed to adverse climatic conditions and rapid urbanization which are said to be drying water sources . ( ANI )
Neighbors of a missing , elderly , Norman couple , who both have special needs , are asking for the public 's help in finding them .
Norman Police put out a Silver Alert Thursday for Robert Osbourn and their common law wife , Bertha Peppiatt . Osbourn and Peppiatt have lived with their caregiver in Westwood Park Apartments for more than a year . They were last seen Tuesday afternoon walking to a nearby 7-Eleven .
Jamie Harp Is one of the couple 's neighbors .
“ My biggest concern is that Bertha is somehow separated from Robert , ” Harp said , `` and is trying to come home , but was separated from Robert and does n't know how to get here . ''
The couple 's caregiver tells News 9 Osbourn is having autism and Peppiatt ca n't read or write and is developmentally disabled .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO , Calif. – Two cats with an unlikely bond finally have a home thanks to the power of social media .
Ray is blind and was found in September on the streets . They are a lot more confident with their best friend , Bea , around . The cats do everything as a pair , they even lived in the same kennel at Sacramento 's Front Street Animal Shelter .
`` Really gives them a lot of confidence and reassurance that everything is OK , '' said Ryan Hinderman , who works at Front Street .
They have been waiting for three months for a home that would accept both of them . So , the shelter went to Facebook to find the perfect family for the two best friends .
Kaylee Grunau and their family showed up at the same time as a KTXL news crew .
Grunau had seen Front Street 's video and wanted to meet the cats in person . After months of searching and thousands of shares on social media , Ray and Bea found their match .
`` Just because a cat has a disability does n't mean that you ca n't at least check it out and see if it would be a good fit for your home , '' Grunau said .
TRAPEZE Artist might finally be afforded the recognition they are due after a brilliant return to racing at Rosehill Gardens on Saturday .
Trainer Gerald Ryan conceded Trapeze Artist often “ flies under the radar ” but surely those days are gone after the colt led home a three-year-olds ' trifecta in the Group 2 $ 200,000 Expressway Stakes ( 1200m ) .
WALLER NOT SPOOKED BY STAR COLT 'S LATE SCARE
FIESTA TIME AS DYNAMIC DUO STEAL SHOW
KINKY BOOM SHINES LIKE A DIAMOND
“ He is a nice colt , I have a lot of time for him , '' Ryan said . “ This horse needs a bit of room where they can get into a rhythm and use their big stride . They ca n't sit there and sprint , but he 's very tough and they will keep grinding everything else into the ground .
“ For a colt , they are very quiet , takes no notice of anything around him , eats all their feed , but on the track they work like a ‘ maidener ' . I always reckon they fly under the radar a bit but this autumn I think you will see a very good horse . ''
Camera Icon Tim Clark was impressed by Trapeze Artist 's winning return in the Expressway Stakes . Picture : Getty Images
Trapeze Artist ( $ 3.60 ) trailed early leader Memes before powering past that mare at the 300m and then comfortably holding off their rivals to score by 1¼ lengths from Showtime ( $ 9.50 ) with the heavily backed Addictive Nature ( $ 2.50 favourite ) a close third , just in front of Global Glamour with Victoria Derby hero Ace High finishing fast for fifth .
Ryan is aiming Trapeze Artist towards the Group 1 $ 1 million Randwick Guineas on March 10 , although the trainer and jockey Tim Clark have some reservations about the colt at 1600m .
“ The way Trapeze Artist won the Golden Rose last spring you would say they would run a mile — but the Randwick mile is arduous , '' Clark said . “ In saying that , they could not have been more impressive today . They took a few runs last preparation to find their peak but Gerald has more of a handle on them these days . ''
Ryan said Trapeze Artist , who scored their fourth win from 10 starts and took their career earnings over $ 1 million , will next go to the Group 2 $ 400,000 Hobartville Stakes ( 1400m ) at Rosehill on February 24 prior to the Randwick Guineas .
Camera Icon Trapeze Artist will target the Randwick Guineas in the autumn . Picture : AAP
“ Whether they get 1600m or not we will see , '' Ryan said . “ He did get a bit tired near the line today but they only had the one trial going into this race so they will improve .
“ After they won the Golden Rose , they had that setback and in hindsight maybe we should n't have taken them to Melbourne .
“ But since they have been back in work , they have been really flying . They trialled really well , they went better than I thought they would , so I expected them to run a big race today . ''
Arrowfield Stud 's super stallion Snitzel sired the Expressway quinella with Showtime running on well for an encouraging second .
“ The tempo slowed on the corner and Global Glamour did n't take us into the race like we expected but Showtime has still hit the line solid , '' co-trainer Michael Hawkes said . “ We probably gave the winner four or five lengths at the 600m and run them to about a length so it was a super run . ''
Camera Icon Gerald Ryan says Trapeze Artist has plenty of improvement in him . Picture : News Corp Australia , Simon Bullard
Addictive Nature did n't have a lot of galloping room in the straight but they finished a close third and will definitely improve .
Global Glamour did n't show their usual early speed and trainer Adrian Bott believes the mare is probably better suited over slightly further where they can settle on speed , adding a race like the Coolmore Classic ( 1500m ) is a likely target .
Ace High , the dual classic winner , was doing their best on the line to be beaten just over two lengths in a comeback run that pleased jockey Tye Angland .
“ It was a very good return , they did what we expected them to do . I do n't think they could have done much more over that trip , '' Angland said . “ But they gave me a great feel and is definitely a much stronger colt this time in — exciting times ahead . ''
TAB BETTING REVIEW
ROSEHILL GARDENS
RACE ONE
Charlayne landed some good bets in winning the Local Greengrocer Handicap ( 1100 metres ) . Attracting good support this morning to firm from $ 4 into $ 3.50 , Charlayne drifted back out to $ 3.70 to share favouritism with Problem Solver . The Chris Waller-trained winner was responsible for 45 per cent of the total investment and was more than twice as popular as the runner-up , Problem Solver , which was $ 4 into $ 3.70 on the day . Sheikha ( $ 6 ) rounded out the trifecta . Between the first three across the line they accounted for nearly 80 per cent of the market .
BETS : Charlayne $ 5,000 @ $ 3.20 , Problem Solver $ 1,000 @ $ 3.80 , $ 1,000 @ $ 3.70
RACE TWO
Favourite backers had their hearts in their mouths when Performer ( $ 1.65 ) was almost beaten on the line in the Toyota Material Handling Canonbury Stakes ( 1100 metres ) . Backed from $ 1.75 into as low as $ 1.55 , Performer commanded the market with a whopping 70 per cent of all investments on the race with the only runner having any serious money to beat them being Exceltic ( $ 3.30 ) which was $ 4.60 earlier in the week . It was Stratosphere ( $ 5.50- $ 9 ) which led and gave a great sight in front and nearly kicked back to beat the favourite , with a nose separating them at the finish . Exceltic wound up third .
BETS : Performer $ 50,800 @ $ 1.65
RACE THREE
TAB were left reeling after Fiesta ( $ 3.20- $ 3.10- $ 3.90 ) was heavily supported in the Widden Stakes ( 1100 metres ) . Fiesta was nearly three times as popular as the next best supported horse in Secret Lady ( $ 6- $ 3- $ 3.10 ) which halved its quote from the morning . Adamina ( $ 21- $ 34 ) ran a great race for second while River Bird ( $ 19 ) filled the minor end of the prize . The win by the filly gave Chris Waller and Kerrin McEvoy the first three races on the card .
BETS : Fiesta $ 2,750 @ $ 3.90 , $ 2,500 @ $ 3.90 , $ 2,000 @ $ 3.10
RACE FOUR
Cellarman ( $ 3.80- $ 6 ) was another to defy the betting drift to get the cash here . It was once again Chris Waller in the winners circle after Blake Shinn found a gap in the straight and drove the son of Mossman through it to score . King Darci ( $ 5.50- $ 3.60 ) was well backed to run a race and led for most of the trip before finishing second , while the most popular runner in Flow ( $ 3 ) could only manage third .
BETS : Flow $ 5,000 @ $ 2.70 , $ 3,000 @ $ 2.70
RACE FIVE
The move for Mate Story was spot on in the TAB Highway ( 1500 metres ) . Backed from $ 6.50 into $ 5 , it was the only serious move in the race to beat the hot favourite ( Acquittal ) , which jumped as the $ 1.75 favourite . Overpowering the frontrunner in home straight , Mate Story beat Acquittal and It 's A Lottery ( $ 10 ) which filled third . Acquittal held 63 per cent of the market .
BETS : Acquittal $ 3,500 @ $ 1.90 , $ 8,000 @ $ 1.80 , $ 6,300 @ $ 1.75
RACE SIX
One of the more confidently backed horses on the Rosehill card today was Bye See which did the right thing by its supporters in the Freshmark Handicap ( 1500 metres ) . Ever since the market opened on Wednesday , Bye See firmed from $ 4.60 into $ 3 and held more than 33 per cent of the total investment on the race . Travancore ( $ 13 ) and Ready For Success ( $ 34 ) finished second and third respectively . Of the others , Samadoubt ( $ 4.40- $ 3.90 ) firmed up late but wilted after leading while Sizzling Bullet attracted a few big bets as well .
BETS : Bye See $ 10,000 @ $ 3 , Sizzling Bullet $ 5,000 e/w @ $ 10/ $ 2.75 , Samadoubt $ 7,500 @ $ 4
RACE SEVEN
Trapeze Artist proved too strong for their rivals in the Sydney Markets Limited Expressway Stakes ( 1200 metres ) . The Golden Rose winner had to sit outside the leader and then off the challengers in order to resume on a winning note . Trapeze Artist ( $ 3.80- $ 3.40- $ 3.70 ) went out as the third best supported runner behind the heavily tried Addictive Nature ( $ 3.20- $ 2.40- $ 2.45 ) along with Global Glamour ( $ 2.90- $ 4.20 ) which attracted good money despite the drift . showtime ( $ 11- $ 9.50 ) came from near last to finish second , narrowly in front of the unlucky Addictive Nature .
BETS : Trapeze Artist $ 4,010 @ $ 3.60 , $ 7,000 @ $ 3.50 , Addictive Nature $ 4,000 @ $ 2.50 , $ 3,000 @ $ 2.50 MULTIPLE TIMES , $ 3,000 x $ 5,000 e/w @ $ 2.50/ $ 1.50 , $ 3,000 @ $ 2.40
RACE EIGHT
High Opinion was one of the few firmers in the Foodbank Handicap ( 2000 metres ) . With $ 4.40 on offer this morning , TAB customers kept specking them throughout the day to see them start a $ 3.90 favourite . Their supporters did n't have much to worry about with the Kris Less runner racing away to beat Gamblestown ( $ 5- $ 6.50- $ 12 ) and More Energy ( $ 15 ) . Most of the betting action focused on Vaucluse Bay ( $ 3.30- $ 4.40 ) and despite being a drifter it still held the most money of all the runners . Hunter Jack , which led , was $ 6.50- $ 5 .
BETS : High Opinion $ 1,000 @ $ 4 , $ 2,080 @ $ 3.90 , $ 2,000 @ $ 3.80 , Hunter Jack $ 5,000 x $ 3,000 e/w @ $ 5.50/ $ 2.15 , Vaucluse Bay $ 4,000 @ $ 4.60
RACE NINE
Do n't Give A Damn was hammered in the final half-hour of betting and landed a big blow to TAB in the Fresh For Kids Handicap ( 1300 metres ) . Opening the day at $ 3.50 second favourite , the weight of money throughout the day saw it overtake Kaonic for favouritism before being crunched into $ 2.30 top pick . Leading throughout for trainer Danny Williams and Kerrin McEvoy , who had four winners on the card , Do n't Give A Damn beat Insensata ( $ 7 ) and Wild Heart ( $ 6 ) . Do n't Give A Damn held just under half of all bets on the race . Kaonic , which blew from $ 2.80 out to $ 4 , made a brief challenge from the second half of the field but was subsequently unplaced .
BETS : Do n't Give A Damn $ 2,000 @ $ 3.20 , $ 12,000 @ $ 3 , $ 2,600 @ $ 2.40 , $ 3,600 @ $ 2.30
FEATURE RACE MOVERS
GOLDEN SLIPPER
Fiesta $ 51- $ 17 ( after winning Widden Stakes )
Kinky Boom $ 101- $ 35 ( after winning Inglis Premier )
Stratosphere $ 51- $ 21
Ennis Hill $ 101- $ 51 ( after winning Chairman 's Stakes )
BET OF NOTE : $ 2,000 @ $ 26 on Satin Slipper taken this morning
BLUE DIAMOND
Kinky Boom $ 17- $ 9 ( after winning Inglis Premier )
Ennis Hill $ 26- $ 17 ( after winning Chairman 's Stakes )
DONCASTER MILE
Trapeze Artist $ 26- $ 15 ( after winning Expressway )
Cliff 's Edge $ 26- $ 15 ( after winning Manfred Stakes )
Do n't Give A Damn $ 101- $ 51- $ 26 ( after winning r9 @ Rosehill )
BET OF NOTE : $ 3,000 @ $ 15 on Kaonic taken early this morning
AUSTRALIAN GUINEAS
Cliff 's Edge $ 8- $ 5 favourite ( after winning Manfred Stakes )
Muraaqeb $ 26- $ 13
Brave Tango $ 8- $ 13
FULL MARKETS : TAB FIXED ODDS
A PROMINENT figure in North Wales music is celebrating a “ landmark birthday ” by staging a glittering concert .
The special evening on Friday , November 3 has been arranged by Ann Atkinson , the acclaimed opera singer , music teacher and former director of the Froncysyllte Male Voice Choir .
They are organising the event to raise funds for the North Wales International Music Festival , of which they are a artistic director .
Ann said : “ This year 's festival , which ran throughout September , was another great success with some wonderful concerts and great audiences .
“ We 're already planning next year 's event and I 've organised the concert at St Asaph Cathedral , which is also the home of the festival , as a key fundraiser for 2018 .
“ It 's also to mark a landmark birthday of mine – although I 'm not saying exactly which one ! ”
According to Ann , the two-hour musical extravaganza which starts at 7.30pm , will feature an array of talent which includes the two male voice choirs of which they are a musical director and six of their most promising music pupils who are tipped for the top of their professions .
Also appearing will be Ann , a celebrated mezzo soprano , and their husband Kevin Sharp , an accomplished baritone .
“ I 've been associated with the Bro Glyndwr choir since the late 1980s and their musical director for more than 20 years and have had the same role with the Trelawnyd choir for the past three years , so they were both a must for the concert programme On the evening they 'll be singing as a massed choir which means the audience will get the fantastic power of more than 100 male voices . ”
They added : “ I 'll be singing as will my husband Kevin Sharp whom I first met when we both studying at the Royal Academy of Music in London .
“ He was my leading man in the first full opera I performed in , Purcell 's Dido and Aeneas . We were married 21 years ago and he 's still my leading man . Also performing will be some of my most promising students from the past few years who are all doing exceedingly well .
“ There 's Tesni Jones from St Asaph and Lisa Dafydd from Ruthin , the young sopranos whom I taught at the William Mathias Music Centre in Denbigh . Also from the William Mathias Centre is Erin Swyn Williams , a soprano from Llanefydd near Denbigh , and my former pupil Julian Gonzalez , a young pianist from Carrog and two current pupils , tenor Elis Jones and Ceri Wyn Hughes , a soprano from Ruthin . ”
Ann , who lives in Corwen , added : “ The concert programme will consist of some favourite operatic aria and duets and some lighter material , such as the music of Cole Porter , and also traditional Welsh songs . I can promise it will be a fantastic evening of musical favourites performed by some extremely talented people .
“ At this stage it 's looking like it could be a one-off event but if it goes down well we might think of doing it again next year as a fundraiser for the festival . ”
Tickets for the St Asaph Cathedral concert , priced £12.50 , are available from the Cathedral Frames shop at 28 High Street , St Asaph , LL17 ORD , on 01745 582929 , through the festival office on 01745 584508 , or from members of the Bro Glyndwr and Trelawnyd Male Voice Choirs .
SYDNEY , - Australia 's central bank highlighted vulnerabilities in the country 's skyrocketing property market on Thursday , warning regulators would consider further tightening lending rules to head off a debt-fueled bubble in home prices .
In its 50-page half-yearly Financial Stability Review the Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) noted the explosion in some “ riskier types of borrowing ” such as interest-only loans , which are hugely favored by property speculators .
Australia has successfully used historically low borrowing costs to spark a boom in home building that has helped shepherd the economy through the dog days of a global mining downturn .
But the risk of a housing bubble and bust is a major reason the RBA has not cut rates from the current 1.5 percent after last easing in August .
“ The concern is that investors are likely to contribute to the amplification of the cycles in borrowing and housing prices , generating additional risks to the future health of the economy , ” the RBA said in a report where the word `` vulnerable '' cropped up repeatedly .
It was concerned a blistering run in home prices , particularly in Sydney and Melbourne , could create the expectation of a further jump in home values , enticing more buyers into the market and fuelling indebtedness .
Household debt has climbed to a stratospheric 180 percent of disposable income at a time when income growth has crawled at its slowest pace on record . The unemployment rate , at 5.9 percent , is at a 13-month peak while new jobs are heavily skewed towards part-time work .
“ A highly indebted household sector is likely to be sensitive to declines in income and wealth and may respond by reducing consumption sharply , ” the RBA added , while noting that low interest rates were supporting households ' ability to service their debt for now .
Average mortgage buffers , an indicator of how far ahead households are on repayments - were quite robust , yet one-third of borrowers had either no accrued buffer or less than one month 's repayments socked away .
Home prices in Sydney are rising at a sizzling 19 percent annually with Melbourne clocking 16 percent .
The feverish pace of price increases prompted the country 's banking watchdog to tighten lending rules last month , demanding banks limit new interest-only loans to 30 percent of total new mortgages .
Banks also had to limit investor credit to `` comfortably remain below '' a previously set cap of 10 percent annual growth .
The RBA is not alone in its apprehensions about the housing sector . On Tuesday , ratings agency Moody 's Investor Service said Australia was the most vulnerable of four top-rated developed economies to any shocks stemming from a housing downturn due to its high household debt .
The RBA said the banking system was strong , with robust capital and liquidity positions to withstand any shock , adding that a range of policies that are being finalised by regulators will further strengthen their position .
Aside from the housing market , the RBA saw risks in a potential global trade war under U.S. President Donald Trump .
In addition , a number of elections due in Europe this year could raise the influence of “ eurosceptic parties ” , potentially undermining the resilience of European banks and sovereign debt markets .
The RBA also pointed to financial stability risks in China which has “ very high levels ” of debt and rapid lending growth from less regulated and more opaque parts of the financial system .
YET ANOTHER WAY WE 'RE RUINING THE PLANET What Would Happen If The World Ran Out Of Sand ?
It sounds like mere hypothetical , but the world running out of sand is actually a startling real possibility .
Elite Farm Services workers seen throwing chickens at a Chilliwack farm in undercover video filmed by Mercy for Animals . ( Submitted )
The Vancouver Humane Society ( VHS ) is not happy it 's been nearly a year since the release of video showing violent abuse of chickens on a Chilliwack farm and yet no one has been charged .
“ There would no doubt be considerable public outrage if the alleged perpetrators of these extreme acts of cruelty were not brought to justice , ” VHS executive director Debra Probert said in a May 28 letter to B.C . Attorney General David Eby .
The video in question shot at an Elite Farm Services operation in Chilliwack and showed chickens being kicked , stomped on , sexually abused and having their limbs torn off .
In the wake of the undercover footage filmed by an employee working for Mercy for Animals , five employees and one supervisor of the local farm labour company involved were fired , according to the company 's president .
“ We are sickened with the footage and want to ensure all our suppliers and producers that this is not reflective of who we are , our fundamental beliefs or behaviour we accept from our employees , ” said Dwayne Dueck of Elite Farm Services in a statement issued in June 2017 .
The BC Chicken Marketing Board , too , expressed disgust at the practices seen in the video .
“ This is beyond anything that any normal person would conceive of to be normal behaviour , ” executive director Bill Vanderspek told Black Press in an interview nearly a year ago . “ I was just disgusted . ”
• READ MORE : B.C . chicken farmers respond to videos of violent abuse of birds at Chilliwack farms
Given the long delay , the VHS is calling on Eby to ensure those responsible for the animal cruelty are brought to justice .
The B.C . SPCA has produced a report for Crown Counsel recommending animal cruelty charges , but no charges have been laid , according to the VHS .
“ We are concerned at this undue delay and any potential impact it might have on a successful prosecution proceeding , ” Probert said in their letter to Eby . “
The letter calls on the Attorney General to “ take whatever action is necessary to expedite Crown Counsel 's work on this case . ”
• READ MORE : Chicken catchers to wear body cameras following abuse video
@ PeeJayAitch
paul.henderson @ theprogress.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
SULLIVAN COUNTY , Ind . ( WTHI ) - A Terre Haute man was nearly impaled by a post after a crash in Sullivan County .
Scroll for more content ...
That is according to Indiana State Police .
It happened just before 2:00 Friday afternoon near 11422 North US 41 in Farmersburg .
Police say 30-year-old Kenneth Bolinger was driving northbound on 41 in their pickup truck .
They say they suddenly left the roadway and crashed into a business , J and L Services .
According to the release , 4x4 , 10-feet-long wooden post went through the truck 's grill , through the engine department , and entered the cab .
That 's when they say the post barely hit Bolinger 's lower leg as it went through the cab .
Bolinger was taken to Regional Hospital for a non-life threatening injury .
Officials believe a medical issue may have led to the crash .
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
Federal , state , and local law enforcement agencies across that country have enhanced security measures and employed contingency plans to ensure the safety of Fourth of July revelers , even though the FBI has reportedly said there are no specific , credible threats facing the United States at this time .
In an email statement , Lesley Fulop , a spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , told Breitbart News :
DHS works diligently with our federal , state and local partners to identify and mitigate any threats to the homeland throughout the entire year . However , DHS treats high-profile events that attract a large number of visitors , such as ‪July 4th festivities , as potentially vulnerable targets and with a higher level of sensitivity and attention .
“ The men and women of DHS will be working closely with local law enforcement entities across the country to secure a number of high profile events and ensure the safety and security of all those joining in the July 4th celebrations , ” they added . “ As always , DHS encourages vigilance by the public to report any suspicious activity to law enforcement . ”
Echoing other law enforcement entities , the FBI maintains “ there are no credible threats at this time , ” 7 News Boston WHDH reports .
The arrest of an al-Qaeda-linked man in Ohio who was planning to carry out terrorist attacks during the birth of America celebrations in Philadelphia has enhanced the level of alert across America .
Unlike previous years , when terrorist organizations like the Islamic State ( ISIS/ISIL ) and al-Qaeda urged attacks around July 4 , jihadists have been mostly quiet this year .
However , anarchist extremists from the alt-left Antifa organization — who have expressed their utter disdain towards the birth of the United States celebrations on July 4 — have been violently agitating the social order in the days leading up to the Independence Day celebrations .
Although there are no specific , credible threats facing the United States at this time , the most recent National Terrorism Advisory System from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , which the department confirmed remains in effect , urges Americans to remain vigilant , noting that foreign terrorist organizations are still a menace able to inspire , enable , and direct individuals inside the U.S. to carry out terror attacks .
Authorities in some of the most prominent destination for Fourth of July are employing contingency measures to keep Americans safe from any and all terrorists .
Law enforcement in the nation 's capital , one of the top destination for visitors during Fourth of July , is preparing for all attacks , the local Fox 5 news reports , adding :
As hundreds of thousands of people prepare to descend on the National Mall for Independence Day celebrations , the city is not taking any chances . With packed crowds , keeping all of the tourists and spectators safe is no easy feat , especially in an ever-changing security landscape . DC police chief Peter Newsham says their department is being proactive — addressing threats both large and small . Officials say they 're preparing for a wide variety of potential attacks . In DC , visitors should expect increased DC and U.S. Park Police presence to address any and all threats they may encounter , putting both uniformed and plain-clothes officers patrolling the crowds .
There 's a robust security footprint in addition to personnel , which includes 18,000 feet of fencing and multiple security checkpoints .
Acknowledging that it is working with federal authorities , the New York Police Department announced on Monday :
The NYPD has instituted a comprehensive security plan in preparation for Fourth of July celebrations . Although there is no specific credible terror threat , all precautions are being taken to ensure the safety of the millions of anticipated spectators . More than 6,000 uniformed and plainclothes officers will be deployed to viewing areas along the East River waterfront in Brooklyn and Manhattan for the Macy 's Fireworks show . Over 100 blocker cars and sand trucks will also be positioned in and around the viewing areas . Counterterrorism and K9 officers will be deployed throughout the city .
Boston is also boosting security in anticipation of Fourth of July , 7 News Boston WHDH notes , adding , “ With hundreds of thousands of people expected to line the banks of the Charles River to ring in the Fourth of July , Boston officials plan to step up security . Boston police will be out in full force with both uniformed and plain-clothes officers on hand . ”
In Florida , ABC 7 WWSB reports that law enforcement is vigilante in response to the thwarted July 4 attack in Ohio , noting :
Security is on the minds of Suncoast [ Sarasota ] residents who are getting ready to celebrate the nation 's birthday . This comes after a Cleveland man was arrested after FBI agents say they were planning a terror attack on the city…Law enforcement has been preparing for months and planning how to best protect crowds at each eventThe department plans on having every officer out patrolling for the holiday .
On the West Coast , San Diego is taking additional security measures to make sure the biggest Fourth of July fireworks show on that side of the Mississippi is safe .
“ Security at the Big Bay Boom , the biggest Fourth of July fireworks show on the West Coast , is the culmination of a year 's worth of planning . The event is also the biggest day of the year for the San Diego Harbor Police . Many of their tactics are withheld from the public for security purposes , ” NBC 7 San Diego reports .
“ We do have additional security measures in place . Many you will not see . You will not know about , ” Capt . John Forsythe of the San Diego Harbor Police declared .
Giving 34 animals new homes allows for more dogs and cats to be rescued .
An Oklahoma man is sponsoring 34 animal adoptions for their 34th birthday .
An Oklahoma man is sponsoring 34 animal adoptions for their 34th birthday .
Alexis Peinado joined Oklahoma City Animal Welfare Friday for the event .
“ I figured it 'd be a good way to celebrate a little different than a traditional celebration , ” Peinado said .
The Lawton man says they came up with the idea , and approached the shelter .
“ It makes me happy just as much as it might make them happy , so it 's still a gift to myself , ” Peinado said .
For the city agency , this event is an unprecedented blessing .
“ We 've had other people sponsor adoptions before , just not to this extreme , ” Lyne Huffman with Oklahoma City Animal Welfare said .
Giving 34 animals new homes allows for more dogs and cats to be rescued .
“ The more that we can get out the more room we have to take the unwanted or abandoned ones in , ” Huffman said .
For Peinado , who rescued their dog Hazel from the shelter , this is paying it forward .
“ I got my dog here about nine years ago now , so it 's kind of a passion of mine . I know how much joy they bring to my life . I just want to pass it on , ” Peinado said .
Based on crowd Friday , one man 's birthday is the start of a new life for many furry friends .
LIMA May 3 Peru 's Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday in favor of a farmer who Newmont Mining Corp claimed had illegally occupied its land , dealing a blow to the U.S. miner 's long-stalled efforts to build a $ 5 billion gold mine in the Andean country .
A lower court had ruled in favor of potato farmer Máxima Acuña in 2014 , a decision Newmont appealed . While the court 's Wednesday ruling upholding the lower court 's decision in the criminal case is final , two civil cases to determine ownership of the land are still winding through the courts .
Newmont put plans to build its Conga mine on hold after violent protests broke out in Peru 's northern Cajamarca region , one of the country 's poorest and its second-largest in gold production . Environmentalists said the mine would poison local water sources and displace people living and farming there .
Acuña had said their home was destroyed as part of the mine 's construction , and that the family 's attempts to rebuild it have been blocked . Newmont 's Peruvian unit Minera Yanacocha SRL , in which Peru 's Buenaventura SAA is a junior partner , took them to criminal court , saying they had `` usurped '' its land .
`` I feel happy and relieved that here in the capital [ the court ] has also provided justice , '' Acuña , who won the Goldman Prize for environmental activism last year , said after the court hearing on Wednesday . `` I only hope not to suffer more abuse from the company . ''
Speaking to reporters after the court decision , Yanacocha lawyer Christian Schroder said the company considered the disputed lands part of its property . Yanacocha is open to `` dialogue with the family to not continue all these cases underway , '' they said .
Yanacocha 's namesake mine , also in Cajamarca , has historically been the country 's largest , but production has fallen in recent years . Conga has been expected to offset dwindling output at the aging Yanacocha , and Buenaventura told Reuters earlier this year it was studying a long-term business plan with Newmont that could include Conga . In a statement , Yanacocha said it would respect the Supreme Court decision and would `` continue defending the company 's rights '' through the pending civil court cases . ( Reporting by Marco Aquino ; Writing by Luc Cohen ; editing by Diane Craft )
Reality television star Kim Kardashian traveled to the White House Wednesday afternoon to discuss prison reform with President Donald Trump .
Trump touted the celebrity 's visit about an hour after their arrival .
“ Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing , ” the president tweeted , sharing a photograph of Kardashian at their side behind the Oval Office 's Resolute Desk .
Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing . pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
According to Vanity Fair , Ivanka Trump and son-in-law Jared Kushner are set to dine with Kardashian this evening , in wake of the trio both discussing prison reform and a potential pardon for Alice Johnson , a 62-year-old great-grandmother serving a life sentence without parole on drug charges .
Name : Ryan Silva
School : Redlands East Valley
Sport : Baseball
Year : Senior
Noteworthy : Silva pitched a four-hitter with 12 strikeouts in a 1-0 win on April 11 over Redlands and two days later went 2 for 4 with two RBIs to lead the Wildcats to a 5-3 win and a sweep of the rivalry set .
NOTE : The best athletes in Southern California will be honored at an end-of-the-school-year awards show . For more details visit socalpreplegends.com , where you can also vote for the SoCal Athletes of the Week , as well as Play of the Week .
President Donald Trump has signaled a willingness to aggressively challenge Iran .
Speaking after their meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday , Mr. Trump said , “ We 're looking forward to doing something , but it has to be done , and it has to be done strongly . They 've very much been butchers and we ca n't allow that to happen . ”
Trump made their comments to reporters after an expanded meeting with Macron and members of their staff to discuss the Iran nuclear deal and other issues . Macron believes that the Iran deal is important to maintaining peace in the Middle East , while Trump repeatedly decries the deal as “ terrible . ”
Neither president detailed the possible actions against Iran , but that the two leaders said after the meeting that they understood each other on the issue .
“ I think we 've really had some substantive talks on Iran , ” Trump said . “ Maybe more than anything else . ”
When asked by reporters if they were open to keeping the Iran deal , they replied , “ You 'll see . ”
Earlier Tuesday , Trump commented in a conversation with Marcron that Iran was behind most of the troubles in the Middle East .
“ It just seems that no matter where you go , especially in the Middle East , Iran is behind it . Wherever there 's trouble — Yemen , Syria , no matter where you have it — Iran is behind it , ” they said .
In order for a professional cleaning consulting service company to be effective , it must supply a consistent profit margin . The most essential preparation is gaining a fundamental understanding of organisation management concepts and practices . Almost anyone is capable of learning the fundamentals of managing a company . Browse through the following details if you are looking for aid starting .
When you are having difficulty making a crucial expert cleansing consulting service business decision it can be helpful to brainstorm with employees . Attempt listing out the benefits and drawbacks of each possible option . Its common knowledge that making this kind of list really assists to acknowledge the best service options offered to you . Meeting with a service advancement master might help you determine exactly what next instructions to take next with your organisation .
If not enough research and effort is put into danger analysis , extremely frequently the result is definitely the failure of a professional cleansing consulting service company . Taking on a big quantity of threat can be dangerous to even an economically sound cleaning company company . Losing whatever you have worked for is definitely the unfortunate outcome of numerous large threats , so when it includes the future of your cleaning service firm , constantly play it safe . Conduct a risk analysis each and every time you are handling tough company choices ; it 'll assist you secure your cleaning company agency 's assets .
Beware when you employ someone new to begin working at your professional cleaning consulting service company . Prior to you employ someone , have a look at how they carried out tasks in the past and if they have actually any specializeds that set them apart at your business . Whenever somebody brand-new joins your business , it becomes your duty to make sure they 've finished all of their training and appointed tasks . Delighted staff members are encouraged and can make a business successful and can stimulate development .
Have a favorable behavior when you engage with the general public , even though you are the owner of the cleaning service agency . The clients that come through your door needs to feel valued and relaxed . The training you supply your employee should target at enhancing their communication and social abilities . When consumers are pleased with their consumer experience , they are likely to share it with others , which just serves to enhance your cleaning company agency 's reputation and cause new consumers .
What keeps clients coming back to do expert cleaning consulting service company with you again and again is outstanding customer service . Ensure you are consistent with your efforts to make your consumers happy or they will go ahead and take their businesses somewhere else . Anytime you unveil new service or products , your consumers will most likely be more likely to purchase if they understand they 'll get excellent service from you . The business you are likely to have problems with are the ones that do not offer quality products and services .
MANDURAH has an image problem that could be costing it tourism dollars .
According to new consumer research , the city is perceived to be too urban , too close to Perth and with “ little to see and do ” .
The research , commissioned by the Mandurah and Peel Tourism Organisation and released yesterday , involved online and face-to-face interviews with visitors and potential visitors .
Mandurah ranked eighth among the respondents as a short-break destination , behind Margaret River , Albany , Perth , Busselton , Broome , Esperance and Bunbury .
But the research found that Mandurah 's image was tainting the entire Peel region .
“ Mandurah is perceived to have little to see and do — outside of beaches and waterways , ” the report said . “ Those who had visited found it ‘ nice ' but felt they had experienced it all .
“ Most Perth residents associated the region with water activities — crabbing , fishing , boating — and little else .
“ Perth residents view Mandurah as ‘ just another suburb ' .
“ They feel it 's too urban and built up now , which detracts from the holiday vibe they 're seeking . ”
Knowledge of other Peel destinations , including Dwellingup , Pinjarra and Waroona , also needed to be increased to show that the region was more than just Mandurah .
Despite the negative perceptions , Mandurah still experienced a record-high visitation rate , with one in five people visiting friends and relatives .
And when The West Australian spoke to locals yesterday , the view was unanimous — there is no better getaway location in WA .
“ It has everything — why would you go anywhere else , ” long-time resident Peter said .
“ It 's relaxing , beautiful , a great place to chill out . That 's why we live here . ”
Local grandmother Karen Green said that Mandurah had a lot to offer residents and visitors .
“ It literally has something for everyone — lots of different things , ” they said .
“ It 's great for kids and there are lots of shops , cafes and restaurants , all within an easy walking distance . ”
The research found that the Peel region had two key selling points — its close proximity to Perth and the diversity of its attractions .
“ The short travel time makes it a convenient day-trip or short-break destination , ” it said .
“ However , the close proximity means it 's ‘ too close ' to feel like a holiday .
“ Once educated on the region , Perth residents were amazed at the wide range of things there were to see and do in the region . ”
MAPTO chief executive Karen Priest said the report showed “ we have work to do ” in letting people know about the attractions and amenities in the region and encouraging them to stay longer than just a day .
“ Mandurah and the Peel region has come of age , offering award-winning waterfront dining , aquatic and nature-based adventures , world-class golf courses and plenty of places to shop , ” they said .
“ But there are lagging perception issues , which this research shows , that we need to overcome . ”
ANKARA , March 30 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu on Thursday described as `` political '' the arrest in New York of a senior executive from Turkey 's state-run Halkbank , charged with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate sanctions against Iran .
The banker is accused of conspiring with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab , who is already on trial in the United States .
Cavusoglu told a joint news conference with visiting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson that the U.S. attorney who launched the case against Zarrab had close ties with supporters of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen . Turkey accuses Gulen of orchestrating an attempted coup last July .
( Reporting by Tulay Karadeniz and Humeyra Pamuk ; Writing by Daren Butler ; Editing by Nick Tattersall )
A female driver was airlifted to Galway University Hospital earlier today following a serious car accident at Derrynargan Cross on the Leitrim Roscommon border .
Gardai informed the paper `` Gardai in Boyle were called to a two car road traffic collision this morning Wednesday , July 4 at 11am at Derrynargan Cross Co Leitrim '' the location is close to Drumboylan .
A female driver was air lifted to Galway University Hospital with serious injuries . The other occupant of the car was brought to Sligo General Hospital with minor injuries .
The road has been closed off and local diversions are in place and the Garda Collision investigators are conducting an examination . The Leitrim Village/Sligo Rd ( R284 ) is closed between Leitrim Village and Keadue , while local Drumshanbo/Dereenargan and Cleen/Dereenargan Rds are also closed .
Leitrim Fire Serive and Gardai from Carrick-on-Shannon have also attended .
Also read : Road closures due to car crash on Leitrim Roscommon border
Teen Immunization Clinic
There will be a teen immunization clinic for all upcoming 7th and 12th graders on April 11 at Big Walnut High School , and on April 16 at Big Walnut Intermediate School .
April 11 – Big Walnut High School – Upcoming 12th Graders
April 16 – Big Walnut Intermediate School – Upcoming 7th Graders
Consent Form and Vaccine Information
If you have any questions or would like additional information , please email Megan Truax , Distric Nurse , at megantruax @ bwls.net .
The Flu : A Guide for Parents
Influenza continues to be particularly challenging and widespread this year . Our District Nurse , Megan Truax , is providing information from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) to help educate families regarding the flu . Please contact them at megantruax @ bwls.net if you have any questions .
FLU INFORMATION
What is the flu ?
Influenza ( the flu ) is an infection of the nose , throat , and lungs caused by influenza viruses . There are many different influenza viruses that are constantly changing . Flu viruses cause illness , hospital stays and deaths in the United States each year .
The flu can be very dangerous for children .
Each year about 20,000 children younger than 5 years old are hospitalized from flu complications , like pneumonia .
For more information , visit www.cdc.gov/flu or call 800-CDC-INFO
IF YOUR CHILD IS SICK
What can I do if my child gets sick ?
Talk to your doctor early if you are worried about your child 's illness .
Make sure your child gets plenty of rest and drinks enough fluids . If your child is 5 years and older and does not have other health problems and gets flu symptoms , including a fever and/or cough , consult your doctor as needed .
Children younger than 5 years of age – especially those younger than 2 years old – and children with certain chronic conditions , including asthma , diabetes and disorders of the brain or nervous system , are at high risk of serious flu-related complications . If your child is at high risk for flu complications , call your doctor or take them to the doctor right away if they develop flu symptoms .
What if my child seems very sick ?
Even previously healthy children can get very sick from the flu .
Make sure your child gets plenty of rest and drinks enough fluids . If your child is 5 years or older and does not have other health problems and gets flu symptoms , including a fever and/or cough , consult your doctor as needed :
Fast breathing or trouble breathing
Bluish or gray skin color
Not drinking enough fluids ( not going to the bathroom or not making as much urine as they normally do )
Severe or persistent vomiting
Not waking up or not interacting
Being so irritable that the child does not want to be held
Flu symptoms improve , but then return with fever and worse cough
Has other conditions ( like heart or lung disease , diabetes , or asthma ) and develops flu symptoms , including a fever and/or cough .
Can my child go to school , day care or camp if they or they are sick ?
No . Your child should stay home to rest and to avoid giving the flu to other children or caregivers .
When can my child go back to school after having the flu ?
Keep your child home from school , day care or camp for at least 24 hours after their fever is gone . ( The fever should be gone without the use of a fever-reducing medicine . ) A fever is defined as 100°F ( 37.8°C ) or higher .
How serious is the flu ?
Flu illness can vary from mild to severe . While the flu can be serious even in people who are otherwise healthy , it can be especially dangerous for young children and children of any age who have certain long-term health conditions , including asthma ( even mild or controlled ) , neurological and neurodevelopmental conditions , chronic lung disease , heart disease , blood disorders , endocrine disorders ( such as diabetes ) , kidney , liver , and metabolic disorders , and weakened immune systems due to disease or medication . Children with these conditions and children who are receiving long-term aspirin therapy can have severe illness from the flu .
How does the flu spread ?
Most experts believe that flu viruses spread mainly by droplets made when people with the flu cough , sneeze or talk . These droplets can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby . Less often , a person might get the flu by touching something that has flu virus on it and then touching their own mouth , eyes or nose .
What are the symptoms of the flu ?
Symptoms of the flu can include fever , cough , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , body aches , headache , chills , fatigue and sometimes vomiting and diarrhea ( more common in children than adults ) . Some people with the flu will not have a fever .
How long can a sick person spread the flu to others ?
People with the flu may be able to infect others from 1 day before getting sick to 5 to 7 days after . However , children and people with weakened immune systems can infect others for longer periods of time , especially if they still have symptoms .
PROTECT YOUR CHILD
How can I protect my child against the flu ?
To protect against the flu , the first and most important thing you can do is to get a flu vaccine for yourself and your child .
Vaccination is recommended for everyone 6 months and older .
It 's especially important that young children and children with long-term health conditions get vaccinated . ( See list of conditions in “ How serious is the flu ? ” )
Caregivers of children with health conditions or of children younger than 6 months old should get vaccinated . ( Babies younger than 6 months are too young to be vaccinated themselves . )
Another way to protect babies is to vaccinate pregnant women . Research shows that flu vaccination gives some protection to the baby both while the woman is pregnant and for several months after the baby is born .
Flu vaccine is updated annually to protect against the flu viruses that research indicates are most likely to cause illness during the upcoming flu season . Flu vaccines are made using strict safety and production measures .
Over the years , millions of flu vaccines have been given in the United States with a very good safety record .
Is there a medicine to treat the flu ?
Antiviral drugs are prescription medicines that can be used to treat influenza illness . They can make people feel better and get better sooner .
Antivirals can mean the difference between having milder illness instead of very serious illness that could result in a hospital stay .
Antiviral drugs are different from antibiotics , which fight against bacterial infections . They work best when started during the first 2 days of illness . It 's very important that antiviral drugs are used early to treat the flu in people who are very sick ( for example , people who are in the hospital ) or who are at high risk of serious flu complications . Other people with flu illness may also benefit from taking antiviral drugs . These drugs can be given to children and pregnant women .
What are some of the other ways I can protect my child against the flu ?
In addition to getting vaccinated , you and your children can take everyday steps to help prevent the spread of germs :
These include the following :
Stay away from people who are sick .
If your child is sick with flu illness , try to keep them or them in a separate room from others in the household , if possible .
CDC recommends that your sick child stay home for at least 24 hours after their or their fever is gone , except to get medical care or for other necessities . The fever should be gone without the use of a fever-reducing medicine .
Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you cough or sneeze . Throw the tissue in the trash after it has been used .
Wash hands often with soap and water . If soap and water are not available , use an alcohol-based hand rub .
Avoid touching your eyes , nose and mouth . Germs spread this way .
Clean and disinfect hard surfaces and objects that may be contaminated with germs , including bathroom surfaces , kitchen counters and toys for children . Clean by wiping them down with a household disinfectant according to directions on the product label .
These everyday steps are a good way to reduce your chances of getting sick . However , a yearly flu vaccine is the best protection against flu illness .
http : //www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/03/web1_clip-art-cold-and-flu.jpg
Staff Reports
Information for this story was provided by BWLSD .
Information for this story was provided by BWLSD .
Cruisin ' the Coast events will be condensed due to the impending threat of Tropical Storm Nate . ( Photo source : WLOX )
Cruisin ' the Coast events will be condensed due to the impending threat of Tropical Storm Nate .
Woody Bailey , Cruisin ' the Coast Executive Director , said Friday events will go on as planned , but the weekend activities will be abbreviated .
“ We encourage cruisers to enjoy today as planned . Tomorrow , Saturday , our Cruisin ' venues and other activities will be canceled except for our closing activities at Cruise Central , ” said Bailey .
Bailey said Sunday 's closing activities will be moved to Saturday at 9 a.m . Closing activities include prize giveaways , the drawing for the Make-A-Wish Raffle Truck , and the unveiling of the 2018 raffle vehicle .
With more than 8,200 cars registered for the 21st Annual Cruisin ' the Coast , organizers know it will take some time to safely shut down the seven entertainment venues across the coast and Cruise Central at Centennial Plaza .
“ We want our Cruisers and guests to have the best time possible and enjoy the Mississippi Gulf Coast to the fullest , but still head home with time to clear the area before we begin to feel effects of the storm , ” said Bailey . `` We appreciate everyone 's understanding and cooperation . ”
In addition , hundreds of RVs , cars , and tents are set up along the beach , which will be in the direct path of the expected hurricane force winds and storm surge . Thursday , Biloxi officials began urging RV owners to consider leaving early .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All Rights Reserved .
University public health training center gets federal grant
TUCSON , Ariz. ( AP ) — A University of Arizona training center has received a $ 4 million federal grant to help improve the public health system in the United States .
The university says the regional training center at the Mel and Enid Zuckerman College of Public Health will use the funding for webinars and other avenues of training .
The college 's training center specializes in childhood obesity , the opioid epidemic and mental health and is one of 10 university-based regional public health training centers under the Public Health Learning Network .
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) — The Alexandria Police Department ( APD ) is thoroughly examining the neighborhood near the scene of Wednesday 's shooting at a Republican baseball practice in the US state of Virginia , APD chief Mike Brown said in a press conference .
`` Right now we are canvassing the immediate area out here , doing door to door with our colleagues from the sheriff 's department… so we can reassure the people in the community that we believe this incident today is over , '' Brown told reporters on Wednesday .
A UN panel of experts also finds evidence of military cooperation by North Korea to develop Syria 's chemical weapons programs and to provide Myanmar with ballistic missiles
Published 10:18 AM , February 03 , 2018
UNITED NATIONS – North Korea is flouting sanctions by exporting coal , iron , steel and other banned commodities , earning nearly $ 200 million in revenue last year , a UN report said Friday , February 2 .
A UN panel of experts also found evidence of military cooperation by North Korea to develop Syria 's chemical weapons programs and to provide Myanmar with ballistic missiles .
North Korea `` continued to export almost all the commodities prohibited in the resolutions , generating nearly $ 200 million in revenue between January and September 2017 , '' said the report by the experts seen by Agence France-Presse .
Coal shipments were delivered to China , Malaysia , South Korea , Russia and Vietnam by ships using `` a combination of multiple evasion techniques , routes and deceptive tactics , '' said the report .
The Security Council last year adopted a series of resolutions to tighten and expand exports bans aimed at cutting off revenue to North Korea 's military programs .
The United States led the push for tough economic sanctions after North Korea 's 6th nuclear test and a series of ballistic missile launches that raised fears that the US mainland could soon be within reach .
Seven ships have been barred from ports worldwide for violating UN sanctions with coal and petroleum transfers , but the experts said much more must be done to confront `` these rampant illicit activities . ''
The panel found that North Korea `` is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains , complicit foreign nationals , offshore company registries , and the international banking system . ''
Arming Syria , Myanmar
Syria and Myanmar are continuing cooperation with North Korea 's KOMID corporation , the country 's main arms exporter , which is on a UN sanctions blacklist , the report said .
The panel uncovered more than 40 previously unreported shipments from North Korea between 2012 and 2017 to front companies for Syria 's Scientific Studies Research Council , also known as CERS , a key institute for Syria 's chemical program .
The investigations reveal `` substantial new evidence '' concerning Pyongyang 's military cooperation with Damascus , including at least 3 visits by North Korean technicians to Syria in 2016 .
A visit by a North Korean technical delegation in August 2016 involved the `` transfer of special resistance valves and thermometers known for use in chemical weapons programs , '' said the report .
A member-state that was not named told the panel that North Korean `` technicians continue to operate at chemical weapons and missile facilities at Barzei , Adra and Hama '' in Syria , said the report .
Syria however told the panel that there were no North Korean technicians in its territory and that the only experts it was hosting from the country were involved in sports .
A member-state , which was not named , also notified the panel that Myanmar had received `` ballistic missile systems from ( North Korea ) in addition to a range of conventional weapons , including multiple rocket launches and surface-to air missiles '' .
North Korean diplomats , in particular trade representatives , continue to provide logistical support for arms sales and help organize exchanges for military technicians , it said .
While sanctions have been significantly broadened , this `` expansion of the regime is yet to be matched by the requisite political will '' to implement the measures , the experts said .
The panel of experts said 2018 offered a `` critical window of opportunity before a potential miscalculation with disastrous implications for international peace and security . '' – Rappler.com
Shane Wyman was working with dogs and cats at the shelter back when it first opened in 2012 .
JAMIE Kah is on track for another record-breaking season after riding four winners at Balaklava on Wednesday .
Camera Icon Dollar for Dollar , ridden by Jamie Kah , wins the Lavazza Short Black at Flemington . Picture : Getty Images , Pat Scala/Racing Photos
That took their tally for the season to 131 , already surpassing their record 130 winners for the 2016-17 period .
They sit fourth on the Australian jockeys ' premiership , behind William Pike ( 163 wins ) , Brenton Avdulla ( 149 ) and Jeff Lloyd ( 141 ) .
Kah 's also maintaining an astonishing strike rate for top trainer Tony McEvoy .
From 109 rides for McEvoy , they have notched 35 wins and 29 placings , a winning strike rate of 32 per cent , with prizemoney just beyond $ 1.2 million .
NOT BALF 'S CHOICE OF BIRTHDAY PRESENTS
IT 'S fair to say trainer Ryan Balfour has had more enjoyable birthday celebrations .
The Morphettville horseman sustained leg and toe fractures at a trackwork incident on Tuesday .
Balfour was struck by a loose horse that had thrown its rider , the injury requiring surgery .
GOOD SHOW OF MELBOURNE TRIP
SMART sprinter Showpero looks on track for a Melbourne campaign after a sharp first-up win at Morphettville last Saturday .
The four-year-old mare ran a close-up second over 955m at Moonee Valley last spring and co-trainer Wayne Francis confirmed they were likely to again be tested across the border .
Showpero enjoyed a good trip behind the leader then showed terrific acceleration when space opened up on the rail .
They have a near-faultless record on the Parks track , with three wins and two thirds from five attempts .
KENNY 'S THE KING OF HAWKER
HONG KONG jockey Kenny Lau claimed their first feature success at Hawker last Saturday .
Lau , who 's indentured to Morphettville trainer Richard Jolly , won the Hawker Cup on Overstreet for Orroroo trainer Wally Bencic . They beat the John Hickmott-trained Danouli by just under a length , with Cerutty , from the Kylie McKerlie stable , another four lengths away .
Lau claimed a riding double at Hawker , also winning on White Jade for Bryan Holtham .
Their good form continued on Sunday with another double at Strathalbyn .
He 's now won eight races in SA since making their debut at Clare on Easter Saturday .
DIAMOND IS PUNTER 'S BEST FRIEND
DIAMOND Tycoon 's impressive win at Morphettville last weekend delivered the biggest punting collect of the day .
Bookmakers took a $ 5000 win bet on the Tony McEvoy-trained filly at odds of $ 2.45 , netting a $ 12,250 dividend .
Other notable punting wins included $ 4000 on Showpero at $ 2.30 for a $ 9200 result , $ 2500 on Gracena at $ 3.30 , an $ 8250 payout , and $ 1000 on Star Patriot at $ 7 for a $ 7000 collect .
Some of the big bets to miss the mark included $ 4500 on Pluckit ( $ 3.20 ) , $ 4000 on Labuan Star ( $ 4.60 ) and Ancient Echoes ( $ 2.10 ) , $ 3000 on Experimentation ( $ 4.20 ) and Lady of Crebilly ( $ 3.60 ) and $ 2000 on Exalted Adam ( $ 3.50 ) , Good Luck Chuck ( $ 8 ) and Survived ( $ 7 ) .
BURLES HANGS UP SADDLE
TASMANIAN trainer Mick Burles has followed their most famous galloper The Cleaner in to retirement .
Ill health has caught up with the 69-year-old who turned their $ 10,000 purchase into a fan favourite and two-time Cox Plater runner .
Together they won 19 races , including the Dato Tan Chin Nam Stakes at Moonee Valley twice , and more than $ 1.3 million in prizemoney .
In 2015 , the The Cleaner was moved to trainer Peter Gelagotis by its owners , but they did n't win another race and was retired .
MCDONALD 'S ROYAL ASSIGNMENT
JAMES McDonald 's comeback will continue when they ride at the Royal Ascot meeting .
McDonald , who returned to riding earlier this month after serving an 18-month ban for a betting offence , has been booked by English trainer Charlie Hills for Equilateral in the Group One Commonwealth Cup .
Equilateral is an 8-1 chance in early markets and victory could put them in the frame for a slot in the $ 13 million Everest in Sydney in October . McDonald said they received a call from Hills on Wednesday night and jumped at the opportunity to ride Equilateral on June 22 .
SAINTS & SINNERS
SAINTS
DIAMOND TYCOON
Stepped up to city grade in great style last Saturday
CHAMOIS ROAD
They have an amazing record when they come to SA
SINNERS
ANCIENT ECHOES
No doubting their raw talent but manners letting them down
LADY OF CREBILLY
Horror show for supporters at Morphettville last Saturday
MARKHAM — A fencer from Beamsville is dominating on a national level .
Malcolm McLeod of Brock University captured the Eastern Canadian Fencing Championships held at the Markham PanAm Centre recently .
In their second year at Brock , McLeod continued their foil fencing success with a national university title from last season .
“ Malcolm is adept at the weapon of foil because it encompasses speed , agility and deep technical strategies , ” said Brock fencing coach Tim Stang . “ It 's much like playing chess while sprinting . They are exceptionally talented and has an initiate ability to analyze their opponents are weaknesses . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS – Fed up and armed with a gun , a grandmother is trying to take back their neighborhood from the drug dealers they say ripped it apart .
Jonnie McIntosh gave WXIN their message for any criminals at work near their Haughville , Indiana , block : “ It is loaded . Get your drugs and get out of my neighborhood . ”
McIntosh said two of those suspected drug dealers threatened to shoot them and their 70-year-old husband over a drug deal on Tuesday .
“ He pulled their gun out and when I saw the gun come out , that is when I grabbed my gun , ” McIntosh said .
The no-nonsense granny said they grabbed their loaded Glock when the suspects demanded $ 20 for their grandson 's Spice debt .
“ If you are stupid enough to sell it to these kids , you get what you deserve , ” McIntosh said .
McIntosh told WXIN that their grandson just overdosed on Spice two weeks ago .
“ I do not see what they get out of it , '' they said . `` Who wants to sit there passed out and do not have a clue what is going on around them . ”
McIntosh is trying to help them get clean , but said Spice dealers are on every street near their house on N. Berwick .
Spice has been an ongoing issue for police in Indianapolis . Just this month , emergency crews recorded runs to nearly a dozen drug overdoses within a mile of McIntosh 's home .
“ Back in my day , it was marijuana and Boones Farm wine . That is all my parents had to worry about . This stuff has bug spray in it and all kinds of chemicals . Whatever they decide to spray on it . Any way that they can get high , ” McIntosh said .
Just last year , McIntosh 's pregnant granddaughter , 18-year-old Brittany McNew , was murdered near Haughville .
“ She died over a drug deal because a guy decided to rob another guy for heroin and Spice , ” said McIntosh .
This grandma is not ready to lose another loved one to the drug trade and said they will do whatever it takes to stop the dealers .
“ Get off your lazy rump and get a job . Quit pushing drugs on these kids , ” McIntosh said .
Soccer-China reveals player levy level ahead of transfer window
HONG KONG , June 14 - China 's top soccer clubs have until Sunday to respond to plans to introduce a transfer levy in an attempt to curb spiralling expenditure on overseas players .
Sam Querrey fought from a set down to defeat Laslo Djere and John Isner won a fifth-set tiebreaker over Dusan LaJovic to give the United States a 2-0 lead over Serbia in the first round of the Davis Cup World Group on Friday .
Querrey had 20 aces in a 6-7 ( 4 ) , 6-2 , 7-5 , 6-4 win in the opening singles , and Isner followed with 24 aces in their 6-4 , 6-7 ( 6 ) , 6-3 , 3-6 , 7-6 ( 4 ) victory .
Host Serbia is playing without Novak Djokovic and Viktor Troicki . It won the last two ties against the U.S. , including in 2010 when it went on to win the title .
The U.S. can clinch the victory in the series in Saturday 's doubles , when Ryan Harrison and Steve Johnson face Nikola Milojevic and Miljan Zekic .
Defending champion France got off to a slow start at home against the Netherlands as Adrian Mannarino was upset by Thiemo de Bakker , a player more than 300 places below them in the rankings , 7-6 ( 4 ) , 6-3 , 6-3 . Richard Gasquet levelled the score by defeating Robin Haase 6-4 , 7-6 ( 3 ) , 3-6 , 7-5 .
Last year 's runner-up Belgium opened a 2-0 lead over visiting Hungary as Ruben Bemelmans defeated Marton Fucsovics 6-4 , 4-6 , 7-6 ( 5 ) , 6-3 and David Goffin beat Attila Balazs 6-4 , 6-4 , 6-0 .
Spain , without Rafael Nadal , moved ahead of Great Britain when Albert Ramos-Vinolas defeated Liam Broady 6-3 , 6-4 , 7-6 ( 6 ) , but 114th-ranked Norrie Cameron evened the series by rallying from two sets down to upset Roberto Bautista-Agut 4-6 , 3-6 , 6-3 , 6-2 , 6-2 . Spain is playing its first tie at home since 2013 .
Croatia , runner-up to Argentina two years ago , opened a 1-0 lead over Canada at home with Borna Coric 's 3-6 , 6-2 , 6-3 , 6-2 victory over Vasek Pospisil , but Denis Shapovalov tied the series by defeating Viktor Galovic 6-4 , 6-4 , 6-2 .
Germany led host Australia after Alexander Zverev defeated Alex de Minaur 7-5 , 4-6 , 4-6 , 6-3 , 7-6 ( 4 ) , but Nick Kyrgios levelled the score with a comfortable 6-4 , 6-4 , 6-4 win over Jan-Lennard Struff .
Fabio Fognini defeated Taro Daniel 6-4 , 3-6 , 4-6 , 6-3 , 6-2 to give Italy the lead over Japan , but the hosts evened the series with Yuichi Sugita beating Andreas Seppi 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-4 , 4-6 , 7-6 ( 1 ) .
VOL . 41 | NO . 49 | Friday , December 08 , 2017
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The orbit of odd political claims stretched from Utah canyons to the looming Alabama Senate race to crazy-as-usual Washington in recent days .
That 's what The Associated Press found when scrutinizing an assortment of statements from President Donald Trump and others last week .
In addition , earlier comments by Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore about their decades-old behavior with teens drew scrutiny that dominated the last leg of the campaign for Alabama 's election . Trump pitched Moore 's candidacy at a rally in Pensacola , Florida , close to the Alabama line .
A look at some of their statements :
TRUMP , surveying the crowd at their Pensacola rally Friday night : `` Look at these guys , 'blacks for Trump . ' I love you . I love you . By the way , now that you bring it up , black homeownership just hit the highest level it has ever been in the history of our country . Congratulations . ''
THE FACTS : Not true or even close .
The U.S. Census finds that the black homeownership rate peaked during 2004 , when 49.7 percent of black households owned homes . ( The rate for all races that year reached 69.2 percent , also a modern record . ) The black homeownership rate stayed in similar territory until the recession , when it dropped to the mid-40s .
This year : 42.7 percent in the first quarter , 42.3 percent in the second and 42 percent in the third . That 's an uptick from last year but far from a record . Quarterly rates this year for the total U.S. population : 63.6 percent , 63.7 percent and 63.9 percent .
___
TRUMP : `` You know , we have factories pouring back into our country . Did you ever think you would hear that ? I used to tell you , that 's going to happen . '' — Pensacola rally .
THE FACTS : Factories are not pouring into the country , according to available data . Spending on the construction of factories has dropped 14 percent over the past 12 months . There has been a steady decline in spending on factory construction since the middle of 2015 — a trend Trump has yet to reverse despite their claims otherwise .
The existing manufacturing sector , though , has been doing a steady dose of hiring . This appears to reflect the synchronized global growth that has aided a rebound in manufacturing after setbacks in 2016 from a stronger dollar and low energy prices . In November , manufacturing added 31,000 jobs for a gain of 189,000 from a year earlier .
___
TRUMP : `` So we 're at 3.3 percent GDP . I see no reason why we do n't go to 4 percent , 5 percent and even 6 percent . '' Speaks of GDP `` getting up to 4 , 5 , and even 6 percent , because I think that 's possible . '' — Cabinet meeting Wednesday .
THE FACTS : Anything 's possible , but to get serious : There are no signs the economy is capable of delivering a phenomenal and rarely achieved growth rate in the order of 6 percent , or even 5 . Or even 4 .
Federal Reserve officials and most mainstream economists expect economic growth to hew closer to 2 percent . The economy last cleared the 6 percent hurdle in 1984 and only for that fleeting year , at 7.3 percent . This was a different time , when baby boomers were at prime working ages , instead of today when they 're starting to retire . The Federal Reserve had boosted growth by steadily slashing a key interest rate from its 1981 peak of 20 percent , while the Fed today is slowly increasing the same rate . Also , the national debt was much lower .
The tax cuts Trump may soon sign into law would probably max out at roughly $ 250 billion in 2020 . Yet to generate growth of 6 percent , those cuts would have to spur a massive $ 1.2 trillion gain to the gross domestic product . Their administration has failed to produce a single analysis showing how this would be possible , while outside analysts say the tax cuts are unlikely to generate anything close to what Trump has said .
___
TRUMP , on scaling back national monument lands in Utah : `` We have seen how this tragic federal overreach prevents many Native Americans from having their rightful voice over the sacred land where they practice their most important ancestral and religious traditions . ... We 've seen many rural families stopped from enjoying their outdoor activities , and the fact that they 've done it all their lives made no difference to the bureaucrats in Washington . '' — remarks in Salt Lake City , Dec. 4 .
THE FACTS : Native rights are generally enshrined on national monument lands . So are other existing public uses of the land . Native Americans say their voice on sacred land is imperiled by Trump 's move , not empowered .
Five tribes lobbied President Barack Obama to declare Bears Ears a national monument to preserve lands that are home to ancient cliff dwellings and an estimated 100,000 archaeological sites . Native Americans visit to perform ceremonies , collect herbs and wood for medicinal and spiritual purposes , and do healing rituals . The tribes sued Monday night challenging Trump 's move to shrink Bears Ears by 85 percent .
Environmental groups have filed a suit challenging Trump 's decision to shrink Grand Staircase-Escalante by nearly half . They say their move endangers a `` Dinosaur Shangri-La '' of fossils .
Public uses , such as hiking , ranching , hunting and fishing , are allowed on the monument lands . The central issue is whether the land should be opened to mining or other resource or commercial development .
___
TRUMP : `` As many of you know , past administrations have severely abused the purpose , spirit and intent of a century-old law known as the Antiquities Act . This law requires that only the smallest necessary area be set aside for special protection as national monuments . '' — in Salt Lake City , Dec. 4 .
THE FACTS : That 's not exactly what Teddy Roosevelt 's 1906 preservation law says . It states , in essence , that the federal government should not bite off more than it can chew when a president designates an area for protection . It does n't demand that such land be kept to a minimum . Such protected land `` shall be confined to the smallest area compatible with proper care and management of the objects to be protected , '' it says .
___
MOORE , on women who said they had a romantic relationship with them when they were in their teens : `` I do not know any of these women , nor have I ever engaged in sexual misconduct with anyone . '' '' Let me state once again : I do not know any of these women , did not date any of these women and have not engaged in any sexual misconduct with anyone . '' — comments during campaign stops in Henagar and Theodore , Nov. 27 and 29 .
THE FACTS : In at least two cases , they knew them before they did n't know them .
In a Nov. 10 radio interview with Sean Hannity , Moore said they remembered two of the women , Debbie Wesson Gibson and Gloria Deason , who were 17 and 18 at the time .
They said they did n't remember dating them . Asked by Hannity if they generally dated teenagers as a man in their 30s , Moore replied , `` Not generally , no . If I did , you know , I 'm not going to dispute anything , but I do n't remember anything like that . ''
Altogether , five women have stepped up to say Moore pursued them as teens .
Leigh Corfman said Moore touched them sexually when they were 14 ; they denied that . The age of consent in Alabama is 16 .
Moore 's campaign said they were only denying knowing women who have accused them of sexual assault . But Moore said in a campaign stop they did n't know any of the women featured in their Democratic opponent 's ads . Democrat Doug Jones has run ads with the photos of all of the women who have come forward about Moore .
One of the women has acknowledged that they wrote part of an entry in their high school yearbook that was initially presented as coming from Moore . But no one has refuted their claim that Moore signed their yearbook with a salutation .
___
TRUMP : `` Working with Republicans in Congress , we 've already signed 88 pieces of legislation . We get no credit . They always say , well , President Trump really needs this tax bill because they have n't passed any legislation . Well , so far in 10 months we 've passed more during this period of time than any other president in the history of our country and the second — let 's call runner-up — is Harry Truman , was second . '' — Pensacola rally .
THE FACTS : Trump 's first-year legislative record pales next to that of a variety of presidents ( Franklin Roosevelt , with their New Deal , signed 14 historic laws in their first 100 days ) . The tax package Trump may soon sign would mark their first major legislative achievement after months of false starts and frustrations on health care and more . Their promised infrastructure initiative got sidelined but appears in the offing .
Trump signed a law strengthening accountability at the Veterans Affairs Department , used executive orders to roll back Obama-era regulations and policies and , perhaps most significantly , won confirmation of a conservative Supreme Court justice , Neil Gorsuch . But legislatively , their record is thin , despite having Republican majorities in Congress .
All presidents sign plenty of bills that have little consequence ; most do n't make so much of it . Among Trump 's routine signings : naming a Veterans Affairs health clinic in Butler County , Pennsylvania , after Bataan Death March survivor Abie Abraham , appointing a regent at the Smithsonian Institution and naming a federal building and courthouse in Nashville , Tennessee , after late Sen. Fred Thompson .
___
TRUMP on a conversation with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about trade : `` He said , ' I 'm telling you that Canada has a deficit with the United States . ' I told my people , in front of a lot of people , I said , go out and check — and they were right . Except they forgot some categories — lumber , timber and energy . Other than that , they were right . When you add them altogether we actually have a $ 17 billion deficit with Canada , right ? So , they forgot a couple of categories that they did n't want to mention . '' — Pensacola rally .
THE FACTS : Trump 's accounting is puzzling and at odds with U.S. trade statistics .
Trudeau is right that the U.S. has a trade surplus with Canada , according to those numbers .
`` Exports were $ 320.1 billion ; imports were $ 307.6 billion , '' says the U.S. trade representative 's office . `` The U.S. goods and services trade surplus with Canada was $ 12.5 billion in 2016 . ''
The U.S. ran a $ 12.1 billion deficit with Canada in trade on goods . That was offset by a $ 24.6 billion surplus in trade of services .
Trump may have been ignoring services — half of the equation on trade — but if so their numbers still do n't match their government 's .
___
TRUMP on their critics in Washington : `` They will lie and leak and smear because they do n't want to accept the results of an election where we won by a landslide . '' — Pensacola rally .
THE FACTS : Their win was far from a landslide .
Their winning margin in the Electoral College is far closer to the narrowest win in history than to the widest .
The final Electoral College margin was Trump 306 , Hillary Clinton 232 , for a winning percentage of just under 57 percent . That ranks the 2016 election as the 13th closest of the 58 presidential elections in U.S. history , according to a tally by Claremont McKenna College political scientist John Pitney . Obama won both of their presidential elections with bigger Electoral College margins : 61 percent in 2008 and 62 percent in 2012 . Trump 's margin was narrower than all but two of the last 10 presidential elections — those of George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004 .
As well , they lost the popular vote to Clinton .
___
TRUMP : `` By the way , wages — starting to go up . First time in 20 years — starting to go up . That 's all going to happen . '' — Pensacola rally .
THE FACTS : It 's not true that wages have n't gone up for 20 years .
The latest jobs report shows average hourly earnings up 2.5 percent over the past 12 months , roughly the same pace of growth as the year before , when Obama was president . Wages were rising faster in December 2016 , up by 2.9 percent . Average hourly wage figures are volatile , but they do n't show an upward trend under Trump .
The last time unemployment was this low — in 2000 — that figure was rising at 4 percent .
Inflation-adjusted median household incomes , meantime , have barely budged for several decades .
___
Associated Press writers Kim Chandler in Montgomery , Alabama ; Brady McCombs in Salt Lake City ; and Christopher S. Rugaber in Washington contributed to this report .
___
Find AP Fact Checks at https : //apnews.com/tag/APFactCheck
Business commits to youth employment
President Cyril Ramaphosa has welcomed the commitment of the private sector to work with government under the aegis of the soon-to-be-launched Youth Employment Service ( YES ) to empower 1-million young people to become economically active over the next three years .
Ramaphosa and deputy-president David Mabuza led a government delegation to a meeting with business leaders in Sandton , bringing together senior leaders from a broad range of leading corporations , state-owned enterprises and employment and skills development initiatives .
The meeting was a preparatory session for the launch later this month of the Youth Employment Service at the Riversands Incubation Hub in Diepsloot .
The initiative , in collaboration with the private sector , aims to empower 1-million young people through year-long paid internships in companies .
Business leadership reiterated the support of the private sector for the YES initiative and gave examples of existing efforts to employ more young people and elevate the skills required to participate in the workplace .
Ramaphosa thanked Stephen Koseff of Investec Bank and Colin Coleman of Goldman Sachs for leading the business community in opening the doors of opportunity for young South Africans .
They also thanked business for the considerable number of programmes in which companies were already engaged to empower young people and said YES would “ lift the hope of many young people and demonstrate that we are able to achieve a great deal through dialogue ” .
The president adds that government is prepared to work with the private sector as partners in creating value and solving key problems facing the country .
Visitors can share their own epic fails at the Failure Confessional wall . ( Photo Source : Twitter/ @ NSSteph )
A toothpaste brand making frozen food ? Sometimes , it 's best to stay in your lane . ( Photo Source : The Museum of Failure )
We 're all familiar with Colgate toothpaste , but who remembers Colgate 's frozen beef lasagna dinners ? What about Coca-Cola 's diet soda/coffee hybrid , Coca-Cola BlaK ?
You can find these major product flops and more at the Museum of Failure in Los Angeles , California .
As the old saying goes , if at first you do n't succeed , try again . This rings especially true for the companies that create the products we use in our everyday lives .
The Museum of Failure is a collection of more than 100 of the biggest innovation fails in pop-culture history , featuring products that never quite made it past the shelves .
The items on display represent new ideas that went horribly wrong for major brands . Notable features include Crystal Pepsi , Pabst Blue Ribbon 's mac & cheese , and Heinz 's short-lived EZ Squirt purple and green ketchup . Visitors can even pitch in by adding their own epic fails to the `` Failure Confessional '' sticky-note wall .
The museum debuted in Sweden in 2017 before making its way to California for a permanent display .
Psychologist and museum founder Dr. Samuel West came up with the concept of as part of their research on corporate success and innovation .
`` Honestly , I was just tired and fed up with the constant narrative of success that society loves to focus on . We 're always looking for the next big thing , only striving for success , but failure is much more interesting if you ask me , '' said West in an interview .
Take a look below at some of the infamously iconic products the Museum of Failure has to offer .
A post shared by Museum Of Failure ( @ museumoffailure ) on Mar 15 , 2018 at 7:48am PDT
A post shared by Museum Of Failure ( @ museumoffailure ) on Feb 6 , 2018 at 10:25am PST
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All rights reserved .
ANKENY , Iowa – A man 's selfless deed for a veteran at an Iowa Walmart store has been shared thousands of times after it moved one shopper to post on their Facebook page .
Alana Ruthann wrote that they were looking at their phone while waiting to check out Saturday , “ absorbed in my own world of technology , ” when they saw a beautiful exchange between two men ahead of them
A young man told an older man wearing a hat indicating they were a military veteran , “ Sir , I 'm paying for your items because you paid by serving my country and I 'm grateful for you . ”
Alana Ruthann wrote that the older man was caught off guard by the gesture and struggled to hold their emotions in . The young man quickly paid for the items and thanked the veteran once more before leaving .
The veteran seemed at a loss and asked the cashier what they should do now , and they replied with a smile “ You have a good day ! ”
“ It was that moment I realized I had TWO heroes in line in-front of me , ” Ruthann wrote . “ My heart welled as I watched our veteran readjust their Veteran ball cap , straighten up , and hold their head with pride as they walked out knowing someone was grateful for him . ”
ANSONIA – Arcanum took down Ansonia in three straight sets 25-12 , 25-11 , 25-10 Thursday night in Cross County Conference play .
The Trojans , who stand at 14-5 overall and 8-2 in league play , were looking to fine tune their game for the upcoming postseason tournament .
“ We are coming on at the right time , ” Arcanum volleyball coach Macey O'Dell said . “ We are looking strong at the moment , and I hope that continues far into the tournament .
“ We 're playing as a team , communicating , working together . We 're one big team right now , and that is where we need to be , ” O'Dell added .
The Lady Trojans were on their game , especially in the serve department , missing just two serves on the night .
“ We spend a lot of time in practice serving . The girls know it 's a pet peeve of mine if they miss serve . We strive for zero errors . Tonight , we had three or four serves hit the net and fortunately went our way and dropped on the other side of the net , ” O'Dell said .
Arcanum 's service game did n't go unnoticed by Ansonia coach Craig Riethman .
“ Arcanum just flat outplayed us tonight , ” Riethman said . “ They served well , and almost every time they served we were out of system and did n't get a chance to hit .
“ When we did get a chance to hit we put it down . We hit it well . We just did n't get enough opportunities to do that , ” Riethman added .
The Tigers are looking forward to playing at Troy Christian this Saturday a game that was n't on their schedule , and Riethman welcomes the opportunity to play as much as they can to get better before tournament .
Ansonia fell to 5-13 overall and 4-6 in the conference with Thursday 's loss .
http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0610.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0619.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0627.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0635.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0638.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0650.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0653.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0667.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0672.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0680.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0704.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0748.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0759.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0797.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0799.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0814.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0852.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0854.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0871.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0877.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_DEB_0892.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Arcanum 's Macey Hartman serves during a Cross County Conference match against Ansonia on Thursday in Ansonia . http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_Macey-Hartman-WEB.jpg Arcanum 's Macey Hartman serves during a Cross County Conference match against Ansonia on Thursday in Ansonia . Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate
Food Looking for a great recipe ? Find it now & see how it ? s all made by watching recipe videos .
Health Finds the latest health headlines & videos , plus get tips for healthy living .
Links Looking for a website or event you heard mentioned on News 9 ? Find it here !
Newsletters Sign up now to receive news , weather , recipes and more from News9.com
Thiel College has set a goal of 300 donors for its annual Match Day campaign which kicks off February 21 .
Contact
Thiel College
* * * @ thiel.edu Thiel College
End
-- Thiel College , a liberal arts institution in NW Pennsylvania , announced earlier today that it has set a goal of 300 donors for its annual Match Day campaign to be held on Tuesday , February 21 , 201.The event supports The Thiel Fund and is centered around dollar-for-dollar and bonus gift match funds that will be made available in response to gifts from alumni and friends of the College.Donors will be presented with match challenges from academic programs , alumni , athletics and other affinity groups , including $ 20,000 in funds from alumni to encourage Greek participation . If the 300-donor goal is met , the College will unlock $ 50,000 in matching gift funds.In preparation for the event , Thiel College ( https : //www.thiel.edu/ ) alumni are encouraged to help promote the giving day in advance by downloading a print graphic and posting a photo of themselves holding it to social media with the hashtag # TCperfectmatch.Last year , the one-day fundraising campaign raised more than $ 200,000 , surpassing its initial donor goal by noon . Greek participation was an important component , with 63 percent of donors being sorority or fraternity members . This year , the College Advancement office is hopeful that they will see similar success , and have expanded the challenges to encourage widespread participation . `` The Thiel community is marked by their generosity , '' said Director of Alumni Relations Kelly Sanzari '13 . `` Each year our expectations are high and we see them met with great enthusiasm from the network of our alumni and friends . This year , we used the momentum from last year 's challenges that provided a sense of competition . These challenges really drove the day to success , and I am confident that our alumni and friends will be just as supportive again this year . `` • Viist the Perfect Match page to make a donation or to view a full list of challenges ( http : //www.thiel.edu/ perfectmatch ) .Thiel College has been ranked alongside top national research institutions for alumni generosity by Forbes Magazine 's Grateful Grads Index ( https : //www.thiel.edu/ newsroom/press- releases/detail/ coll ... ) , indicating that graduates from the College actively give back to their alma mater at above-average levels.About The Thiel FundThe Thiel Fund is the College 's largest source of unrestricted funds . It supports need-based scholarships , academic programming , athletics and campus improvements . It also provides for unforeseen expenses , student needs and special opportunities .
VOL . 41 | NO . 15 | Friday , April 14 , 2017
KNOXVILLE ( AP ) — A research team led by the University of Tennessee Knoxville has received a $ 9.9 million grant from NASA toward the development of a more aerodynamically capable aircraft .
The Knoxville News Sentinel reports ( http : //bit.ly/2pswiFU ) the grant is part of a $ 50 million investment in university researchers studying aviation innovation .
UT assistant professor Jim Coder is the lead researcher on the project . They say the team is focusing on creating a more aerodynamic airplane wing to reduce energy use and make aircraft more efficient .
The research will take place over the next five years . The team includes contributors from Penn State University , Texas A & M University , the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign , Old Dominion University , the University of Wyoming , Boeing Corporation and PCC Airfoils .
Property insurer expects London fire payouts to exceed 25 mln stg
OSLO , June 15 This week 's fire in a 24-storey block of flats in London is expected to cost property insurers more than 25 million pounds ( $ 31.8 million ) , Norwegian insurer Protector Forsikring told Reuters on Thursday .
Two days after creating a stir at Wimbledon with their new mega-bucks clothing deal , Roger Federer was back making a style statement with their dazzling tennis as they gave Lukas Lacko a straight-sets lesson to reach the third round .
The Swiss defending champion was at their breathtaking best as they crafted 48 exquisite winners during a 90-minute 6-4 6-4 6-1 victory on Wednesday that seemed more an exhibition of their shot-making than a charge towards a record ninth Wimbledon title .
Slovakian Lacko , who is ranked 73rd in the world , saved two set points at 5-3 but could n't prevent Federer from taking the first set on a rapid service game .
Another effortless topspin-loaded swing from Federer , which claimed the opening break of the second set , was followed by a 60-second service game to pull away with a 4-2 lead .
And Federer was relentless as they lost just nine of 61 total points behind their intimidating service and they closed out the second set with three straight aces .
The third set was one-way traffic as Federer killed the contest with a ferocious forehand after 90 minutes of brilliance .
`` I played very well again , I felt good out there , fewer nerves than in the first round , which is normal , '' said Federer after racking up their 93rd Wimbledon win .
`` I am happy with how I am hitting the ball and concentration on my own service games and I am able to mix it up on return . I needed to put them away and I was able to do that and I am very happy . ''
Federer will next face either Croatian Ivo Karlovic or Germany 's Jan-Lennard Struff for a place in the fourth round .
French 17th seed Lucas Pouille fell short in five sets after fighting from two sets down to be beaten 6-4 6-2 6-7 ( 8-10 ) 3-6 6-2 by Austria 's Dennis Novak .
But where Pouille failed , their compatriot Gael Monfils succeeded in a 3-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 7-6 ( 7-3 ) triumph over Italian Paolo Lorenzi .
Elsewhere , American world No.13 Sam Querrey eliminated Sergiy Stakhovsky of Ukraine 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-3 6-3 while Russia 's Daniil Medvedev , earned a straight-set victory over world Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain 6-3 6-4 6-2 .
BEIJING — China 's efforts to reduce its reliance on debt and find a more sustainable route to grow its economy may be derailed by the simmering trade dispute with the United States , economists warn .
This was the year that Beijing was expected to step up its controls on unfettered lending , particularly in the so-called shadow banking area , as it seeks to contain a dangerous build up in debt across much of the economy .
But there have been signs in the past few weeks that as US President Donald Trump has ratcheted up the pressure on China over its trade policy — including a series of threats to impose punitive tariffs on Chinese goods coming into the United States — that a backsliding on deleveraging may be close .
The most obvious sign of this came last Tuesday when China 's central bank unexpectedly announced it was cutting the amount of cash that banks must keep in reserves .
Then on Thursday , China 's state planner said it aims to cut commercial and industrial electricity prices by an average of 10 % , a move that aligns with a years-long effort to reduce corporate costs , though the size and timing of the cut again surprised financial markets .
China has also this year vowed to lighten the tax burden on individuals and businesses and on May 1 will lower the value-added tax rate for the manufacturing , transportation , construction , telecommunication and agricultural sectors .
This all has at least some investors and economists predicting that if the skirmishes with the United States turn into something approaching a no-holds-barred trade war , then Beijing will do a lot more to support industry and the overall economy .
“ If you were to see a negative growth shock , then I do n't think they would hold the line and say we 're still going to prioritize reducing credit growth and deleveraging the financial sector , ” said Alex Wolf , senior emerging markets economist at Aberdeen Standard Investments .
“ I think that would change priorities . ”
Underlying this are government concerns that if the economy slowed significantly from the current 2018 target of around 6.5 % growth then it could cause hardship in parts of the economy , and leave more people jobless or underemployed .
The Communist Party government has been traditionally sensitive to anything that could create unrest , such as strikes and other protests , and potentially lead to a challenge to its authority .
To be sure , over the past year China has powered through a slowdown in home price gains , weaker credit growth and an environmental crackdown to deliver better-than-expected growth .
In the first quarter , gross domestic product in the world 's second-largest economy grew 6.8 % — well above the annual target .
And some do n't see the trade tensions getting out of control .
“ We are still optimistic about the global economic recovery and China 's exports outlook , giving Beijing leeway to stick to the current deleveraging agenda , ” said Robin Xing , chief China economist at Morgan Stanley .
But China 's March economic data — such as weaker growth in industrial output and investment — is suggesting that momentum is slowing .
If there is a faltering in exports — whose strong growth last year provided cover for Beijing to drive down the leverage — it could push authorities to shift policy back to its old playbook to support growth , the economists say .
Net exports ' contribution to GDP growth last year was the highest in 10 years , according to data from the National Bureau of Statistics . But so far this year , that trend has reversed with exports pulling down growth .
Analysts caution that it is still too early to assess the direct impact of tariffs on China 's economic growth and macro-policy , as none of the recently announced tariffs has been implemented , and any that eventually does go into effect could be significantly watered down through negotiation .
Even if Mr. Trump 's current threats to impose tariffs on $ 150 billion of Chinese imports are fully implemented , that would still only impact less than seven percent of China 's total exports last year , and less than two percent of GDP .
The direct impact of tariffs is most likely to initially show up in higher inflation and some localized unemployment if factories in affected sectors see their business hit , but neither are expected to be severe , economists and officials say . Cong Liang , director at the National Development and Reform Commission 's department of national economy , told Reuters that China 's job market is resilient , with a labor shortage in coastal cities showing the market is able to absorb any job losses caused by a Sino-US trade war .
But side skirmishes such as Washington 's decision to ban American companies from providing components to Chinese telecoms equipment company ZTE for seven years — in an Iran sanctions-busting case — are likely to have a longer-term impact on growth . The US government has also recently rejected attempts by Chinese companies to buy a number of American assets , particularly in sensitive sectors . And approval of some American-led takeover deals are being held up in Beijing currently .
The economic tension “ will probably dampen productivity growth in the coming decades ; it will dampen it in China and it will probably dampen productivity growth globally , ” said Louis Kuijs , head of Asia economics at Oxford Economics . “ We are basically expecting domestic demand growth to play a larger role this year and next than we had initially . And that will have to come about by a less restrictive policy stance than we had assumed before. ” Oxford expects China 's GDP to grow 6.5 % this year , indicating significant slowing from the first quarter .
The economists say that investors should look for a number of additional signals from Beijing to see whether it has shifted policy . One would be another easing in bank reserve requirements . China could allow local government to issue more special bonds to support government spending on urban redevelopment and infrastructure investment to shore up domestic demand , said Morgan Stanley 's Mr. Xing . — Reuters
House Republicans took an important step forward for tax reform on Thursday when they passed the long-awaited budget resolution . But the GOP may now find it has walked into a minefield .
The tax reform proposal was intended to be a consensus document , reflecting the views of both the Trump White House , Senate Republicans , and House Republicans . It was put together behind closed doors for months by the so-called Big Six : Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Director Gary Cohn representing the White House , House Ways and Means Committee chair Kevin Brady , Senate Finance Committee chair Orrin Hatch , House Speaker Paul Ryan , and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . They called their plan a “ unified framework . ”
advertisement
But it is quickly emerging that Republicans are anything but unified on tax reform .
Senator Bob Corker , who has said they will retire at the end of their current term , has been voicing concerns that the tax overhaul could add to the federal budget deficit . The Tax Policy Center 's preliminary estimate is that the bill would add around $ 2.4 trillion to the deficit , primarily because of revenue lost to the reductions in taxes on businesses . Some Republicans have criticized that estimate , saying that the additional economic growth sparked by tax cuts would make up some or all of the shortfall .
Corker is skeptical about the economic growth claims and has said they will oppose a tax bill that adds to the deficit .
“ Unless it reduces deficits and does not add to deficits with reasonable and responsible growth models , and unless we can make it permanent , I do n't have any interest in it , ” Corker said at a budget meeting .
It is unlikely that the Joint Committee on Taxation , which analyzes tax bills for their revenue effects , will say that the current framework does not add to the deficit . Under most dynamic scoring models that would include new revenue from economic growth , the framework still adds to the deficit .
Corker is not alone . There are many deficit hawks on Capitol Hill , lawmakers who worry that adding to the federal debt is fiscally “ irresponsible. ” Corker is just more vocal than most , in part because he 's a “ more vocal ” kind of guy and in part because their announced retirement gives them the freedom to speak their mind .
Many of these fiscal hawks think of taxes as the government 's revenue that can be spent responsibly and look at debt as a somewhat illegitimate means to fund the government . Few seem to realize that deficits are funded by the voluntary purchases of savings bonds by the private sector , making it a purchase of a financial product and closer to what a private sector business would call revenue , while taxes are represented confiscatory funding . That 's like Apple not counting iPhone sales as generating revenue and instead only counting payments made by patent infringers to settle intellectual property cases .
To make tax reform revenue neutral , Republicans would have to raise other taxes or pair tax cuts with spending reductions . The latter is all but impossible as it would vastly complicate passage of the bill and would require lawmakers to vote against popular spending items or propose cuts to entitlements like Social Security , something Trump has said they would oppose .
Raising taxes is also fraught . The Big Six framework already proposes a number of provisions that would raise some taxes , mostly by cutting out itemized deductions on individual returns . According to the Tax Policy Center , these would amount to nearly $ 3.2 trillion over the next decade . Repealing some business tax preferences and closing loopholes would add another $ 393 billion to federal coffers .
This too may threaten the viability of the framework , however . Republican lawmakers from New York , New Jersey , California and other high-tax states have begun to warn that they will not vote for a bill that ends the deductibility of state and local taxes . Residents of those states who itemize their taxes , primarily wealthier residents who are often supporters and donors to the Republican representatives in those states , might see their tax bill rise if the deduction were taken away . Ending the deduction would also make it more expensive for state governments to tax and spend .
“ The votes [ to pass tax reform [ wo n't be there , ” said Rep. Peter King , the Long Island Republican . King voted against the budget resolution to send a signal about how seriously they take the issue .
If the state and local tax deduction survives , however , it would add another $ 1.5 trillion to the deficit , according to the Tax Policy Center . Which would likely be a poison pill for the deficit hawks .
So what about trying to raise other taxes ? That would likely alienate Senator Rand Paul , who has already complained that the Big Six framework could raise taxes on many middle-class families . Paul has said they will await “ final details ” before making a decision . But they have clearly signalled that they will oppose any attempt to make up the deficits that might be created by an overhaul 's tax cuts with tax hikes on middle-class Americans .
The tax bill is not yet doomed . Republican leaders believe that failing to pass a tax bill is an existential threat to their Capitol Hill majorities . After so many years of campaigning on tax reform and promising middle-class tax cuts , that would be a failure many believe could cost the GOP control of the House and possibly the Senate . Even the White House would be at risk .
Yet many Republicans also believed that repealing and replacing Obamacare was a “ must do. ” Now they find themselves forced to vote for funding to keep Obamacare from collapsing .
Senior Dynamics CRM/365 Developer – Cape Town
MS Dynamics 365/CRM Developer , Cape Town , R65k , great working atmosphere , Dynamics 365 projects , Excellent benefits Package .
My client , a large partner in Cape Town , are looking for a MS Dynamics CRM Developer to become a key figure within their Dynamics CRM team .
The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work on various Dynamics 365 projects for this large end user , and will receive exposure to a number of the latest technologies . The client is fantastic with staff retention due to the relaxed atmosphere whilst offering a great training programme and benefits package .
The right candidate will have :
– Experience in Dynamics CRM
– Dynamics CRM experience ( contact number ) or 365 ( desirable )
– C # /.NET development experience and JavaScript
– Experience with Plugin Development
This role is a very exciting and rare opportunity to join a globally recognised company in which you will get exposure to some of the latest technologies .
Please contact Eddie ASAP directly on ( contact number ) or send CV to ( email address )
Nigel Frank International is the leading Microsoft Dynamics recruiter worldwide , advertising more Dynamics jobs than any other agency . We deal with Microsoft Partners and End users throughout South Africa and the world and have never had such a large demand for Microsoft Dynamics professionals . By specialising in placing candidates in markets in South Africa I have developed excellent relationships with employers in South Africa .
CRM , Developer , Dynamics , CRM , Developer , Technical , Front End , Senior , End-User , Cape Town , South Africa , Technical , Microsoft
Learn more/Apply for this position
The memo 's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors , in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page 's communications , failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI 's suspicion had been partially funded by Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee .
Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer .
Republicans say a judge should have known that `` political actors '' were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — an accusation they have consistently and strenuously denied .
Steele 's research , according to the memo , `` formed an essential part '' of the warrant application . But it 's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application , or how much has been corroborated . Steele was working for Fusion GPS , a firm initially hired by the conservative Washington Free Beacon to do opposition research on Trump . Steele did n't begin work on the project until after Democratic groups took over the funding .
The FBI this week expressed `` grave concerns '' about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete . Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work .
For one , Democrats said Friday that it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele 's research .
Beyond that , though , the memo confirms the FBI 's counter-intelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016 , months before the surveillance warrant was sought , and was `` triggered '' by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos . They pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI and is co-operating with Mueller 's investigation .
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page , who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump 's inner circle , had generated law enforcement scrutiny . The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI 's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counter-intelligence investigation into Russian influence .
The memo focuses on Page , but Democrats on the House committee said `` this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with , or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier , and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture . ''
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias . The warrant requested was renewed on three additional occasions , meaning that judges approved it four times . One of the Justice Department officials who signed off on it was Rosenstein , a Trump appointee .
Trump , who lambasted the FBI and Justice Department on Twitter , was asked if they were more likely to fire Rosenstein and if they still had confidence in the official . The president simply said , `` You figure that one out . ''
The memo had been classified because it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . The White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release .
That disclosure is extraordinary because it involves details about surveillance of Americans , national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified . The release is likely to further escalate the conflict between the White House and Trump 's law enforcement leaders .
Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo 's disclosure , arguing it could set a dangerous precedent .
The memo 's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller 's investigation . Their probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign co-ordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice .
SAN DIEGO ( KUSI ) — Homicide detectives were investigating an apparent murder-suicide Monday morning after a friend of one of the victims discovered three bodies in a Vista home .
On Sunday , San Diego Sheriff 's Deputies responded to a radio call of a fight at 1420 Phil Mar Ln. , Vista . Upon arrival , deputies contacted the occupants of the residence and the subject who called the Sheriff 's Department . All of the subjects on scene were uncooperative and refused to provide deputies with any information about the fight .
Simultaneously , deputies detained a male subject as they were driving away from the residence . The male essentially stated they had just left their ex-girlfriend 's residence ( 1420 Phil Mar Ln . ) after they were involved in a physical altercation with their brother . The male had minor visible injuries that they stated were incurred during the altercation and deputies ultimately determined they were the victim of an assault .
After further investigation , deputies determined they were driving under the influence of alcohol and they were arrested for Driving Under the Influence . They were transported to the Vista Patrol Station for processing and paramedics responded to evaluate their injuries ; they ultimately refused medical treatment . Due to the injuries the victim sustained during the assault , they were released on their own recognizance at approximately 1:00 a.m .
On Monday , at approximately 5:33 am , Sheriff 's Deputies again responded to 1420 Phil Mar Ln . The reporting party told dispatchers they arrived at their friend 's home and found three people dead inside . Deputies arrived on scene and located three subjects who were deceased with apparent gunshot wounds . Sheriff 's Homicide Detectives and the Medical Examiner 's Office responded to investigate . The preliminary investigation indicated the assault victim returned to
the residence on Phil Mar Ln . where they shot and killed their ex-girlfriend and their brother before
killing himself .
The Medical Examiner 's Office will be conducting an autopsy and will confirm the cause and manner of the deaths . The investigation is on-going and further details will be released as they become available .
Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call the Homicide Detail at ( 858 ) 974-2321/after hours at ( 858 ) 565-5200 . You can also remain anonymous by calling Crime Stoppers at ( 888 ) 580-8477 .
[ India ] , Feb 3 ( ANI ) : Three new ministers have been inducted in the Madhya Pradesh Cabinet on Saturday .
Narayan Singh Kushwaha ( Gwalior West ) , Balkrishna Patidar ( Khargone ) and Zalam Singh Patel ( Narsinghpur ) have sworn-in as new members of Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan 's Cabinet .
Newly appointed Governor Anandi Ben Patel administered the oath taking ceremony of the new ministers .
The Cabinet expansion is aimed at balancing caste equation and satiate community voters , ahead of Assembly elections that is scheduled to take place later this year .
There are also reports that a few ministers are likely to be dropped on the basis of their performance . After the expansion , there is a possibility of a comprehensive reshuffle in the departments of the Ministers . ( ANI )
JUST two Perth councils are planning to keep rate rises at or below inflation , prompting criticism that local government needs to do more to keep a lid on costs .
Other councils are considering increases up to 4 per cent for the year ahead , more than twice Perth 's forecast inflation of 1.5 per cent .
Of 12 metropolitan councils that have advertised proposed rate increases , just two — the Town of Cottesloe and the City of Perth — were below 1.5 per cent , at 0.7 per cent and 0.8 per cent respectively .
However , Cottesloe 's rates will be artificially low in 2018-19 because it inadvertently collected more money than intended last year and will subsidise this year 's rates .
The cities of Swan and Cockburn and the Town of Claremont have proposed rate increases close to inflation : 1.8 per cent for Swan and 1.9 per cent for Cockburn and Claremont .
At the other end of the scale , the cities of Nedlands , Rockingham and Kwinana have proposed rate increases of between 3.5 per cent and 4 per cent .
None of the proposed rate increases is final .
Shadow local government minister Tony Krsticevic said councils needed to do more to minimise rate increases .
“ Rate rises across the board should be kept at inflation and councils need to justify to ratepayers why they 're beyond that , especially in these difficult times , ” they said .
“ Councils are obviously not in tune with the difficulties of ratepayers if they 're increasing rates more than inflation . ”
Mr Krsticevic said they believed internal costs , including wage rises for employees , were driving the rate increases .
But WA Local Government Association president Lynne Craigie said councils had to absorb external costs such as water and power and meet ratepayer expectations about the services they should receive .
“ When councils set their budget they have to look at all these things and how it 's going to impact the budget , ” they said .
They said the cost of utilities set by the State Government , particularly street lighting , was “ massive ” .
Rate notices also include the emergency services levy , which is collected on behalf of the State Government .
Fast-growing local government areas in particular had to shoulder the costs of infrastructure to keep pace with population growth .
Local Government Minister David Templeman said councils were independent organisations but they would “ expect some restraint ” , given the tough economic climate .
Nedlands mayor Max Hipkins said about one-third of the city 's proposed increase was around its underground power program . They expected the final rates increase would be below the 4 per cent proposed .
City of Rockingham mayor Barry Sammels said demand for community infrastructure was “ incredibly high ” .
EMERGING star Iconoclasm is meeting every challenge and can make it four consecutive wins , according to leading Herald Sun form analyst Michael Manley .
Iconoclasm relished the trip to 1600m last start and Manley describes them as a good horse going places quickly .
HOT TIPS : WEEKEND BEST BETS
BEST BET
ICONOCLASM ( Race 8 , No . 1 )
VALUE BET
CREATIVITY ( Race 3 , No . 3 )
EARLY QUADDIE
1,2,5,12/3,5/1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,13,15/2,4
$ 100 flexi for 62.5 per cent
BIG6
1,7,8,10/2,4/7,10/1,2,10,11/1/1,3,9,10
$ 100 flexi for 39.06 per cent
QUADDIE
Race 6 : 2,4,7,8,10,13
Race 7 : 1,2,10,11
Race 8 : 1,12
Race 9 : 1,2,3,5,6,9,10
$ 100 flexi for 29.76 per cent
RACE 1
ANJANA ( 1 ) is a two-year-old filly who looks to have a nice future . They sprinted home from well back to win their debut at Wangaratta and then last start they settled just behind the leaders and then eased to the middle of the track for hollow six length win on a heavy track over useful fillies . The Hayes team 's first starter SHE 'S SENSATIONAL ( 7 ) was impressive winning a Flemington jump-out recently . She 's a strong filly . EMBRACE ME ( 2 ) used their speed to lead throughout to win at Werribee last start after useful Flemington debut . KOBE PRINCESS ( 6 ) and COSMIC RUBY ( 4 ) ran on well for third and fifth respectively behind Riviera at Sandown Hillside over 1000m and should be suited by the 1200m .
SUGGESTED BET : ANJANA THE WIN
RACE 2
WILLIAM THOMAS ( 1 ) is an exciting prospect and is getting better with every start . Looked in some trouble halfway up the straight at Caulfield last start but exploded home like a good horse and in the finish won with something in hand . They should be undefeated this time in as they were a sitting shot when left in front at their previous start too early when second at that track . BEL SONIC ( 2 ) is a Valley winner and they finished on strongly for second to Exceltara at Caulfield last start . He 'll get back and swoop home . The promising SPIRIT OF AQUADA ( 12 ) resumes and they look the value runner . They finished second to Bel Sonic five starts ago at Pakenham and meets them two and a half kilos better . HUGE ACTION ( 5 ) is showing promise . KING 'S AUTHORITY ( 4 ) and I AM SOMEONE ( 6 ) next best .
SUGGESTED BET : WILLIAM THOMAS THE WIN
RACE 3
CREATIVITY ( 3 ) led and tired last start at Group 3 level in Adelaide . She 'll revert to taking a sit in this with SULLIVAN BAY ( 2 ) and RUN GYPSY RUN ( 9 ) likely to set a good clip . They won their previous two runs at Caulfield taking a sit off the speed . Damian Lane who has ridden them four times and won the past three will go back on and they should be able to stalk the speed from inside draw . DIVINE QUALITY ( 5 ) is ready to win . They finished on well for second at Flemington last start behind First Among Equals and she 'll finish strongly again . HEAR THE CHANT ( 1 ) returned to their best when they won at Caulfield last start . Sullivan Bay is building to another win and will take catching . JOCASTA ( 12 ) should finish on well .
SUGGESTED BET : CREATIVITY THE WIN
RACE 4
They are going to fly in this with many of these sprinters natural leaders . This could play into the hands of STRYKINGLEE ( 15 ) who will carry only 52.5 kilos after Fred Kersley 's two kilos claim . They will need some luck though as they have drawn barrier 4 . They were just beaten at Sandown Hillside last start by Chiavari and they drop four and a half kilos . MURPHY 'S REWARD ( 1 ) is racing well in stronger races . It took the in-form innkeeper to beat them last start and they won their only run at Moonee Valley last December over 1000m . REMOVAL ( 8 ) will also go back and run home . SAM 'S IMAGE ( 7 ) returned to their best when they defeated Nature Strip last start at Caulfield but they have to contend with barrier 15 . YOU 'VE BEEN HAD ( 3 ) has won four of their five starts but he 's also drawn the outside barrier .
SUGGESTED BET : STRYKINGLEE EACH-WAY
Camera Icon Smart customer Jamaican Rain has claims on Saturday . Picture : Supplied , Getty Images
RACE 5
JAMAICAN RAIN ( 4 ) might be a level above their rivals . They resumed with a six-length victory on a heavy track at Cranbourne defeating the in-form Scoliaro . In each of their four wins she 's thrashed their rivals . They might prefer it wetter but she 's shown enough on good tracks to still win . HECTOPASAL ( 2 ) was held up for a run for a long duration of the Sandown Hillside straight but burst home to win when in the clear . Ethan Brown again takes two kilos off . MISS CLOONEY ( 8 ) finished on strongly to just fail to catch SINGLE NOTE ( 5 ) who returned to form when they led throughout to win at Bendigo last start . VIOLENT SNOW ( 6 ) did n't fire on Geelong Synthetic but won this race last year . ENSUING ( 14 ) flopped at Bendigo but is worth another chance .
SUGGESTED BET : HECTOPASAL EACH-WAY
Camera Icon Raw Impulse ( black and white checked cap ) showed last start they are rediscovering form . Picture : News Corp Australia , Michael Klein
RACE 6
THIS could be re-named the Dad 's Army Handicap with the average age of these geldings seven , headed by 10-year-old JACQUINOT BAY ( 4 ) and five eight-year-olds . RAW IMPULSE ( 7 ) showed he 's ready to win again finishing on nicely for fourth behind their smart stablemate Land Of Plenty at Group 3 level in Adelaide . MAGIC CONSOL ( 10 ) won a Benchmark 84 over 1600m at this meeting last year and they were held up for a run last start when fourth behind TARQUIN ( 6 ) over 1800m at Flemington last start . Jacquinot Bay is racing well but has n't been placed in four starts at this track . AKAVAROUN ( 2 ) looks on the way back to finding form . Good run last start at Flemington when second-up fourth behind Moss ‘ N ' Dale over 1400m at Flemington .
SUGGESTED BET : RAW IMPULSE THE WIN
RACE 7
MY NORDIC HERO ( 11 ) was no match for Boom Time last start at Flemington but their effort to finish second in front of Second Bullet was sound . They ran some good sectionals chasing Boom Time . They worked well at Moonee Valley during the week and they could be at peak fitness . MAGNAPAL ( 10 ) tends to fly under the radar . They followed their win at Caulfield at $ 26 two starts ago with a useful seventh in the Warrnambool Cup . LITE'N IN MY VEINS ( 1 ) form in Adelaide was excellent with two wins before a third to Land Of Plenty in a Group 3 . He 's been racing over 1600m and steps up to 2040m for the first time . Classy stayer PILOT D'ESSAI ( 2 ) is on the comeback trail and their two runs over 1400m at Flemington returning from a 62 week spell were sound . FOUR BY FOUR ( 14 ) ran on well for second behind Jaminzah at Flemington last start . GREY LION ( 7 ) has claims .
SUGGESTED BET : MY NORDIC HERO ( 11 ) EACH-WAY
Camera Icon Iconoclasm proves too good last start at Flemington . Picture : AAP
RACE 8
ICONOCLASM ( 1 ) is a horse going places . He 's won their last three at Flemington impressively and if anything he 's getting better with every start . Drawn out again which suits and although he 's up to 59.5 kilos , apprentice Ethan Brown rides them well . WOULDA THOUGHT SO ( 12 ) finished off strongly for second behind them last start over 1600m at Flemington . SNOGGING ( 5 ) failed at Group 2 level against their own sex at Doomben last start . Go on previous win at Caulfield over 1600m . SIRRCONI ( 2 ) is sure to lead and they battled on well for third behind Peaceful State in the Port Adelaide Guineas last start . ANDAZ ( 7 ) has finished second to Fifty Stars at their past two starts . Step up in distance to 1600m should suit .
SUGGESTED BET : ICONOCLASM THE WIN
RACE 9
DAMIAN Lane could complete a big day with promising sprinter WISE HERO ( 10 ) . They are n't suited by the wet track at Warrnambool last start behind the in-form innkeeper ( 9 ) . Wise Hero has the speed to use their inside barrier draw . ASHLOR ( 3 ) will also go forward . They were beaten less than a length when third to Rich Charm at Caulfield two starts ago and then last start they finished third in the Wagga Town Plate . Top Tassie sprinter LORD DA VINCI ( 1 ) flies fresh and likes the Valley . CAMDUS ( 2 ) won well in Adelaide last start . SUSPENSE ( 5 ) , LEODORO ( 6 ) and PROUD WOLF ( 7 ) have claims .
SUGGESTED BET : WISE HERO EACH-WAY
France 's players dropped to their knees in a mixture of exhaustion and frustration . So much effort for so little reward .
`` It 's a very disappointing ending given how much energy we put into it , '' France coach Jacques Brunel said . `` What else can you feel apart from enormous frustration ? It came in the 83rd minute . They took the right option and you have to congratulate him , it was n't easy . ''
Although Brunel 's new-look side showed mettle , defeat would still have been harsh on Ireland .
`` Our lack of discipline punished us , '' France captain Guilhem Guirado said . `` It 's even harder to lose when we had the match in hand . ''
France 's evening went from elation to stunned disbelief in a frantic last 10 minutes that provided unexpected marvel to a scrappy contest in pouring rain .
With the clock running down , Thomas surged out of nowhere to beat four Irish tackles after a flying run down the right flank ended with them snaking over the line at full stretch .
France was just as surprised to see the try as Ireland , which seemed to have the French counterattack contained until Thomas accelerated around the edge and was through .
Until that point , it looked like Sexton 's steady boot would be enough to get the Irish only a third win at Stade France . They landed four penalties but also missed one at 12-6 .
Belleau took France 's penalty at 13-12 because scrumhalf Maxime Machenaud , who slotted over two , had limped off the pitch . It was a big task for Belleau , winning only their third test cap after Matthieu Jalibert also limped away early , and the kick from about 35 metres on the left lacked confidence .
Still , France will take heart from the spirit they showed under Brunel . They were appointed in December to stop a six-match winless run , and boldly gave debuts to 19-year-old Jalibert and fullback Geoffrey Palis .
It was all penalty kicks until Thomas ' try , which looked like being the highlight of the match .
Only to be trumped by Sexton 's phenomenal final shot .
By Jerome Pugmire , The Associated Press
Posted by admin on January 2 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
A Lyft driver was arrested in Linda Vista after police say they stabbed one of their passengers following an argument early Sunday morning .
Scroll for more content ...
According to police , Ali Kendirli , 33 , was arrested on the 6100 block of Caminito Del Oeste at 1:16 a.m. after the stabbing .
Police said an argument broke out after the three passengers in the vehicle could n't give a drop-off location .
At one point during the argument , the driver stopped their car and demanded that all the passengers get out .
The argument continued before Kendirli stabbed one of the passengers in the chest one time . The 27-year-old victim was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
Police said Kendirli stayed at the scene , where they were later arrested .
An inquest into the deaths of a group of Aboriginal youths who took their own lives in WA 's far north has heard the federal government 's Cashless Debit Card has further disempowered vulnerable families on welfare .
The income management trial was set up in the east Kimberley in April 2016 to help curb problem drinking , gambling and domestic violence - elements that were present in the lives of 13 young indigenous people who killed themselves over a three-and-a-half year period .
University of Melbourne development studies lecturer Dr Elise Klein is researching the policy and told the inquest the compulsory program was rolled out without proper community consultation , silencing many Aboriginal voices and causing tension and frustration amongst a diverse population .
Dr Klein told the inquest via video link from Melbourne the scheme represents neo-colonialism and government overreach .
`` It 's explained as the 'white card ' , '' they said .
`` The card has been a symbol of disempowerment , a symbol of state intervention , punitive intervention over someone 's life . ''
Dr Klein said the system was chaotically introduced with design flaws , including a balance-checking mobile app for people who `` did n't know how to use the internet let alone own a mobile phone ''
Many of the children who claimed their own lives were inadequately fed , but Dr Klein said it was `` naive at best '' to think controlling parents ' consumption would effectively combat this , insisting the card made money management `` much harder '' for people already living below the poverty line .
Dr Klein said many of the scheme 's participants had told them using the card was like going back to the `` ration days '' , referring to when Aboriginal people working on pastoral stations were paid in tea and sugar , as opposed to real wages .
Young people watching this play out in their families can only feel extremely debilitated , they said .
The problem is compounded for jobseekers subjected to the coalition 's controversial remote work for the dole scheme , which Dr Klein slammed as oppressive .
They called for bottom up , community-led development of services to address the complex social dysfunction plaguing indigenous communities .
Earlier , one of the last people to speak to a 13-year-old boy before they killed himself , former Kununurra District High School deputy principal Jamieson Coltman , told the inquest child protection authorities failed to intervene despite reports of domestic violence .
Readers seeking support and information about suicide prevention can contact Lifeline on 13 11 14 .
Local Aboriginal Medical Service details available from www.bettertoknow.org.au/AMS
National domestic violence helpline : 1800 737 732 or 1800RESPECT . In an emergency call triple-zero .
Originally published as Academic slams indigenous welfare policy
Are the embattled undersecretaries staying or going ? DILG Officer-in-Charge Catalino Cuy says their tasks are delegated to other officials in the meantime
Published 4:15 PM , August 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Will they be reinstated or shown the door ?
Department of the Interior and Local Government ( DILG ) Officer-in-Charge Catalino Cuy on Monday , August 14 , appealed to Malacañang to decide soon on the fate of 3 undersecretaries who have been the subject of employees ' corruption complaints .
Undersecretaries Emily Padilla , Jesus Hinlo , and John Castriciones have been placed on `` floating '' status ever since April 2017 , after the Palace received a letter from DILG officials and employees , alleging corruption committed by the 3 . The officials denied the claims .
Their tasks have since been delegated to other officials , but the 3 continue to receive salaries .
`` We have presented the situation '' to the office of Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea , Cuy told reporters , and the department is `` just awaiting their advice '' on whether the undersecretaries ' responsibilities will be permanently assigned to other officials .
The 3 undersecretaries were stripped of responsibilities by then Secretary Ismael Sueno , but they nevertheless succeeded in convincing President Rodrigo Duterte to fire Sueno instead for honoring a fire truck purchase contract from the past administration .
Cuy can not restore the authority of the 3 because they are only an officer-in-charge , barred from exercising '' discretionary powers . '' Sueno 's replacement , General Eduardo Año , has been unable to assume their role in the DILG because they are needed at the armed forces to solve the Marawi crisis .
Despite this , Cuy gave assurances the DILG is `` functioning , '' as the tasks of the 3 undersecretaries have abeen delegated to other executives of the department :
Hinlo 's job of promoting public safety is divided between Cuy and new Assistant Secretary Nestor Quinsay , who oversees the Bureau of Fire Protection ( BFP ) .
Padilla 's job of pushing forward federalism was given to the Local Government Academy , which Assistant Secretary Epimaco Densing oversees .
Castriciones ' job of overseeing drug rehabilitation centers is also given to Densing , and their mandate to head the department 's operations is given to Cuy .
– Rappler.com
SACRAMENTO , Calif. > > Supporters of one long-shot bid to make California an independent nation ended their effort on Monday , while another group said it will launch a new campaign for a statewide vote next year .
The drive to make the nation 's most populous state its own country , with what would be the world 's sixth-largest economy , has drawn extra interest after last year 's election of Republican Donald Trump as president .
But the Yes California Independence Campaign faltered after its president , Louis Marinelli , revealed ties to Russia . Marinelli said in a lengthy message to supporters Monday that they are seeking permanent residence in Russia because of their “ frustration , disappointment and disillusionment with the United States . ”
The secretary of state 's office confirmed that Marcus Ruiz Evans , the group 's vice president , withdrew the California Nationhood ballot measure .
Evans said they were leaving the Yes California group and joining the California Freedom Coalition , which they described as a grassroots organizing effort that evolved since last year 's election .
The coalition plans to file its own ballot measure in coming weeks , without the baggage of Marinelli 's Russian ties , said Steve Gonzales , the new group 's secretary-treasurer and board member .
“ It prevented Yes California from getting any serious money , I can tell you that , ” Gonzales said , noting that they are a native Californian who has never been to Russia . The group will accept no foreign money , and contributions from other states must be cleared by the coalition 's board , they said .
The coalition would need to collect more than 585,000 signatures to qualify a ballot measure declaring California 's independence for the November 2018 ballot . The measure is still being written , Gonzales said .
Congress and 38 states would have had to agree to change the U.S. Constitution to permit California to actually secede .
Marinelli said Yes California had fewer than 97,500 registered supporters . About 8,500 signed up as volunteers , but only about 1,200 had contributed money .
Prior to Trump 's election , the group had fewer than 100 volunteers , Marinelli said , and the group received a social media boost with Trump 's election .
Marinelli and Evans said California 's overwhelming support of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and measures legalizing recreational marijuana and reducing crime penalties showed how far California voters were removed from the rest of the nation .
Advertisement
They also equated the movement to last year 's decision by the United Kingdom to leave the European Union , dubbed Brexit . California , with its 39 million residents , is often compared to a nation .
Their withdrawn ballot measure would have allowed voters to repeal a part of the state Constitution saying that California is an inseparable part of the United States next year , but left the question of whether California should become a separate country to a future ballot .
Both Marinelli and Evans claimed credit for starting the Calexit campaign .
Marinelli cited their struggle with U.S. officials since 2012 over their wife 's immigration status . They praised California officials for their attempts to shield immigrant residents from deportation and said their wife now has their green card .
When California one day becomes independent , Marinelli wrote , “ I shall look forward with great satisfaction to return to California and to live once again under our bear flag . ”
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
LONDON , April 3 Credit card firms will have to do more to help to struggle customers repay their debts , including the suspension of cards under proposals published by Britain 's Financial Conduct Authority on Monday .
The proposals follow a review by the FCA into Britain 's credit card market where 3.3 million people are in persistent debt , meaning they have paid more in interest and charges than they have repaid of their borrowing .
Credit card issuers typically do not step in because such customers are profitable , with costs to customers on average 2.5 pounds for every pound repaid .
`` We expect our proposals to reduce the number of customers in problem credit card debt , as well as putting customers in greater control of their borrowing , '' FCA Chief Executive Andrew Bailey said in a statement .
Last week the Bank of England called for checks on standards in consumer credit , a sector that has been growing rapidly .
Under the FCA 's proposals put out to public consultation , when a customer has been in persistent debt for 18 months , issuers will have to prompt them to make faster repayments if they can afford to do so .
If a customer remains in persistent debt for another 18 months , firms must propose a repayment plan .
`` Customers who do not respond , or who confirm that they can afford to repay faster but decline to do so , would have their ability to use the card suspended , '' the FCA said .
If a customer can not afford any of the options proposed to repay balances more quickly , firms could cut , waive or cancel any interest or charges , the FCA said .
`` It is expected that firms would normally suspend use of the customer 's card during this period . ''
The watchdog estimates that by 2030 , savings to customers would reach 3 billion to 13 billion pounds ( $ 3.76 billion- $ 16.30 billion ) . Savings would peak in the first few years at between 310 million pounds and 1.3 billion pounds a year .
Credit card issuers will also have to do more to identify struggling customers much earlier .
The consultation also sets out measures the regulator and the industry have voluntarily agreed to give customers greater control over increases to their credit limits .
All customers will be made aware of their right to decline offers of a credit limit increase .
There are 30 million credit card customers in Britain , 60 percent of the adult population .
( $ 1 = 0.7977 pounds ) ( Reporting by Huw Jones ; editing by Jason Neely )
UPDATE 1-China-led AIIB approves $ 324 mln in infrastructure investment
BEIJING , June 15 The China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank ( AIIB ) said on Thursday it has approved two loans and one equity investment worth $ 324 million across Georgia , Tajikistan and India .
YOU 'LL never experience an awkward water cooler moment again when you can keep up with the latest on what 's making news in South Australia with The Advertiser 's app .
The app is perfect for getting live news , sport and analysis on the day 's big issues using your smartphone on your morning or evening commute — and it 's just $ 2 a week for the first 12 weeks ( minimum cost $ 8 ) .
Even better , you can adjust the app preferences to personalise your news feed and set news alerts and notifications , so you 'll never miss the latest news throughout the day .
Camera Icon Get straight to the stories you love by personalising your news feed , only available on the app . Picture : Supplied Camera Icon Read the news on the go on your smartphone or tablet with our app . Picture : iStock Picture : istock
WHAT YOU GET
This offer is an app-only subscription , giving unlimited access to The Advertiser app on your smartphone or tablet device .
App features include :
• Personalised news feed , to get straight to what matters to you . Customisation settings can be edited at any time .
• Alerts and notifications , allowing you to stay up-to-date on big news events , tailored to your interests .
• Live sport scores , so you 'll never miss a quarter-by-quarter or final score for any of your favourite games .
• Today 's paper , giving access to an exact replica of the paper , as it 's printed .
• Puzzles , new interactive sudoku and crosswords available daily .
HOW TO GET THIS APP OFFER
STEP 1
Subscribe to the special app-only offer here .
Cost is $ 2 a week for the first 12 weeks , then $ 4 a week thereafter ( billed 4 weekly ) . That 's a minimum cost of only $ 8 .
STEP 2
Download The Advertiser app on your iOS device via the App Store or on your Android device via Google Play .
STEP 3
Log in to the app with your subscriber details and start reading .
WANT MORE ?
Our app-only subscription allows access to The Advertiser 's stories via the app-only .
For unlimited access across our website adelaidenow.com.au on any of your devices including the app , you need to sign up to one of our full digital subscriptions .
Full digital subscribers also get access to a Fox Sports digital subscription , SuperCoach Gold features and our exclusive member program +Rewards .
A 24-year-old mother is facing a homicide with child abuse charge in South Carolina , where authorities allege they recently tied their 4-year-old daughter to a bed , placed tape over the child 's mouth and then left for the night , PEOPLE confirms .
A statement from South Carolina 's Lexington County Sheriff Jay Koon alleges that Cynthia Estrada-Lopez “ restrained their daughter in the child 's bed , taped their mouth shut and abandoned them the evening of July 31 . ”
Estrada-Lopez was detained on Friday morning .
As of Monday morning they had not retained an attorney who could comment on their behalf , according to court officials . They have yet to enter a plea to the charge against them and is being held without bond .
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
Hours after Estrada-Lopez allegedly left their daughter for the night , someone — whom authorities are not identifying — called 911 .
When Lexington County Emergency Medical Services responded to the family 's home , they found the child unresponsive .
The girl , whose name is being withheld , was pronounced dead at the hospital later that night .
Koon said the investigation into the child 's death is still open .
American officials have confirmed that the release of Otto Warmbier , a U.S. citizen imprisoned in a labor camp in North Korea for “ hostile acts ” against the communist state , resulted from high-level diplomacy and was “ a big priority ” for President Donald Trump .
President Trump has placed the release of U.S. citizens wrongfully imprisoned abroad high on the list of State Department responsibilities , resulting in the release of at least two other Americans in their young presidency : Sandy Phan-Gillis , “ deported ” from China after being arrested for alleged espionage , and Aya Hijazi , imprisoned while running a charity in Egypt .
“ Bringing Otto home was a big priority for the President , ” White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters Tuesday . “ He worked very hard and very closely with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in order to do that . And right now , their thoughts and prayers are with their family . ”
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had also confirmed Warmbier 's release on Tuesday . “ The Department of State has secured the release of Otto Warmbier from North Korea , ” they told members of congress during a scheduled hearing . “ He is on their way , en route home , to be reunited with their family . We continue our discussions with the North Korean regime regarding the release of the three other American citizens that have been detained . ”
The State Department also clarified that professional basketball player Dennis Rodman , currently on their fifth visit to North Korea , did not play any role in Warmbier 's release . Rodman , who enjoys a personal friendship with dictator Kim Jong-un , had previously received thanks from a former North Korean hostage , the Christian missionary Kenneth Bae , for bringing attention to their abduction .
Reuters reports that Warmbier landed in Cincinnati on Tuesday following diplomatic talks between North Korea and State Department special envoy on North Korea Joseph Yun .
Yun , the outlet reports , made a plea in Pyongyang for Warmbier 's freedom , arguing that they should be freed on “ humanitarian grounds. ” Yun also received confirmation that the three other U.S. citizens currently in North Korean custody – academics Kim Sang Duk and Kim Hak-song , and business person Kim Dong Chul – are in stable , healthy conditions . Talks to liberate these U.S. citizens are ongoing , according to the State Department .
Warmbier is currently in a coma and has reportedly been in a comatose state since shortly after their conviction for crimes against dictator Kim Jong-un in 2016 . In a statement released by parents Fred and Cindy Warmbier , the couple confirmed their son “ is in a coma and we have been told they have been in that condition since March of 2016 , ” but that the North Korean government did not update them on their status , and they only found out about the coma a week ago .
“ We want the world to know how we and our son have been brutalized and terrorized by the pariah regime in North Korea , ” the Warmbiers added .
The Warmbiers had condemned the Obama administration for treating their case like “ an unwanted distraction ” and felt emboldened to “ speak up ” now that President Trump had prioritized cases like Otto 's .
Reuters cites anonymous State Department sources to report that Yun had been meeting with North Korean officials since May to discuss all Americans imprisoned in North Korea . The outlet cites the New York Times noting that some American officials believe Warmbier was beaten during their imprisonment .
The North Korean officials involved reportedly told their American counterparts that Warmbier is suffering from botulism and fell into a coma after being given a sleeping pill in March 2016 .
Warmbier , 22 , appeared on North Korean television shortly before they fell into a coma , confessing to the “ crime ” of taking down a communist poster and condemning the United States for “ luring ” them into committing the “ crime . ”
The regime sentenced them to 15 years in a labor camp for their crime . Warmbier was in the country as a tourist with Young Pioneer Tours , a Chinese – but largely Western-run – tour company that sells tours to North Korea and exploits impressionable young customers less likely to consider the risks of traveling to a repressive communist country or the moral implications of funding the North Korean regime .
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter .
Everything 's bigger in Texas… including the drama on season 2 of the Real Housewives of Dallas .
In the new trailer , the fights get more intense with glass smashing from LeeAnne Locken , plus BFFs Stephanie Hollman and Brandi Redmond get into a massive friendship-ending feud and there are so many more jaw-dropping moments that we could n't wait until Monday 's premiere to see more . We chatted with Hollman to find out as much intel as we could about their friendship woes and the whole new style aesthetic she 's embracing this season .
“ Last year I felt like I wore Lululemon way too much , ” Hollman admits to PeopleStyle . “ I was like , in my athleisure wear like nobody 's business . ”
This season they made a concerted effort to step it up in the fashion department . “ I 'm trying to put jeans on a little bit and not be so lazy , ” they say . “ I have so much more fun with fashion this year than I did last year . I feel like last year I was just trying to juggle my children and their schedule and soccer and I literally threw on anything in my closet and ran out the door . ”
Them main takeaway from last season is that they learned to always look their best for group filming days . “ If you want to show off a dress , wear it when there is the whole cast around because it 's pretty much going to be shown , ” they share . “ It 's same with hair and makeup , I would do professional hair and makeup if it was all the girls together . I feel like if you look your best and you feel your best then it makes even the most dramatic situation a little bit better because you 're like , ‘ Well , at least I look pretty when I cry ! ' ”
RELATED PHOTOS : 6 Beauty Rules RHONY Star Kristen Taekman Swears By
They say they worked with beauty pros for hair and makeup , but they picked out all their outfits herself . “ I do n't use a stylist during the season , ” they say . “ I have a really awesome assistant who has really great taste , too , so sometimes I 'm like , ‘ Trey , I need something , ' and he 'll go online and look , but a lot of my shopping is honestly done online . I 'll buy like six things , try it on , find the one thing that I like , and then send everything else back . ”
But with so many new pieces coming through their closet , they have a rotation process that ensures their husband Travis Hollman does n't realize how many new pieces are actually added . “ I 'll hide [ new pieces ] until I feel like I 've had them for a little bit , ” Stephanie says . “ I have a system where I have to slowly incorporate new items . I ca n't do three at once ; I have to add like a shoe a week . ”
I got asked out on a date tonight by this handsome fellow ! Of course I said yes ! 😘 # HeyThereHunk @ TravisHollman # DateNight http : //liketk.it/2scRZ # liketkit @ liketoknow.it # RHOD A post shared by Stephanie Hollman ( @ stephhollman ) on Jul 28 , 2017 at 6:54pm PDT
But Travis is very generous when it comes to gift ( remember the $ 75,000 bracelet they bought Stephanie for their anniversary ? ) . Most recently they say they got them a pair of Chanel shoes for their birthday . But no matter how often she 's showered in gifts , Stephanie says one of their most prized pieces in their wardrobe is the $ 20 Forever 21 dress they were wearing the day they got engaged . “ I still have the dress that I got engaged in and it 's a $ 20 dress from Forever 21 . But it 's something I 'll never get rid of even though it 's not that cute because it [ represents ] the memory . And I kind of love looking back that I got engaged wearing a $ 20 dress because it reminds me of who I am and where I 'm from . ”
Vicki Gunvalson Reveals Why They Started Getting Plastic Surgery
Looking for more style content ? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts , can't-live-without beauty products and more .
Overall they say they feel much more at ease returning for season 2 . “ It 's so much calmer for me than last year . Now it 's just so fun because the fans are excited and there 's just a lot of excitement and anticipation . I 'm honestly just really excited about the audience to get a more in-depth look at all of us and who we are and see the good , the bad , but also , the personal things that I feel like most of us , probably all of us , have shared this season . ”
This is a true story…tag your bestie if you can relate🤣🤣🤣 # takemetobrandiland # butfirstjesusjuice # hercules👏👏👏 # rhod @ stephhollman A post shared by Brandi Redmond ( @ brandiredmond ) on Jul 13 , 2017 at 11:41am PDT
Some of their most personal moments includes their fight with Redmond . “ I was so nervous about putting [ the fight ] out there because it 's so personal , but then I [ realized ] I signed up to put things out there like that . But you see us work through things , which was hard to do , and I think in the end , hopefully , it 'll help other people . That 's my hope . Everything happens for a reason in life , so I 'm like , okay , make lemonade out of this lemon , but it was hard . ”
Right now she 's just trying to see the best in the situation . “ I feel like last year , it was such a codependent relationship with them and me , and whenever we were n't talking , it was just so hard . And then I realized that I probably need to work on myself if I 'm that codependent to where something like that affects me that bad . ”
To find out how their feud started in the first place , catch the Real Housewives of Dallas premiere tonight at 10 p.m . ET on Bravo .
Will you be tuning in tonight ? Tell us in the comments below .
President Donald Trump vowed to border patrol agents that they would deliver a wall on the southern border , renewing their commitment to border security .
“ A real wall , not a little wall … they have them ; they do n't work , ” Trump said . “ You need a real wall that will work 99.9 percent . ”
Trump made their remarks during a tour of the Border Patrol National Targeting Center on Friday in Virginia . They spoke to many of the agents and held a roundtable with Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen .
Trump reemphasized their commitment to supporting the agents on the border and the DHS personnel .
“ I just want to let you know that the Trump administration is with you folks 100 percent , ” they said . “ You have not been backed up properly , and everybody knows it . For political reasons , for lots of different reasons . But the Trump administration is with you . ”
Nielsen agreed that a wall would be built , but specified that the money requested by their administration would be used to provide more border technology and agents .
“ We 're going to build you one , ” they said , referring to the wall funding request of $ 25 billion . “ We have a very specific and targeted way in which we will use that money to build a border wall system . Just not just that infrastructure , but the technology and personnel that go with it . ”
Nielsen even brought graphics to the briefing , showing Trump how border walls work .
“ We 've seen it , we have evidence , we know that they work , ” they said .
Trump again cited the four principals of their immigration reform framework , which includes securing the border , closing loopholes , ending chain migration , and canceling the visa lottery .
ICE Acting Director Thomas Homan , who was also at the briefing , thanked Trump for visiting the facility and empowering their agents .
“ For the American heroes sitting behind you , we thank you for letting us do our job , ” they said .
They informed the president that since they took office , border crossings were at a 45-year low .
“ That just shows you that when we 're allowed to enforce law , we 're going to have an impact , ” they said .
Trump said lightly that it was a “ great number ” but that they were still “ very unhappy ” about it .
“ That 's impressive nevertheless , ” they said , as the agents laughed . “ But you 'll do much better , good luck . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE -- Did you smell smoke in the air over the weekend ? It 's actually from the California wildfires .
An image from the Washington Department of Ecology shows fog from the Cascades to the east . But on the west side of the mountains , we have smoky skies :
`` California wildfire smoke came our way and is affecting air quality . That , along with cool stagnant air = burn bans are in place throughout much of the state . ''
Due to sustained stagnant weather conditions and rising air pollution , the Puget Sound Clean Air Agency called a stage 1 burn ban . That ban expires at 2:00 p.m. Monday for King and Snohomish counties , but it will remain in place for Pierce County .
Fog is lifting and the sun is warming the ground which is breaking surface inversion , thus helping air pollution levels become healthier .
Q13 News Chief Meteorologist Walter Kelley says to expect these conditions to stick around for at least the next several days .
Six wildfires in California are burning an area equivalent to the size of New York and Boston combined . The Thomas Fire , covering 230,000 acres , is now the fifth largest blaze in modern California history . Gusty winds and dry conditions are not helping the wildfire 's spread , and there 's no rain in the forecast for at least 10 days .
* Pierce County residents west of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge on the `` Pierce Peninsula '' ( Gig Harbor Fire # 5 and Key Peninsula # 16 ) and in `` South Pierce '' county ( Roy Fire # 17 , Eatonville , and Ashford # 23 ) are not included in today 's burn ban . Check the map to see which Pierce County burn ban area you live in .
Superyacht Sailing Yacht A , owned by Russian billionaire Andrey Melnichenko was captured off the Larnaca coast on Wednesday .
The sail-assisted motor yacht was designed by Phillipe Stark and build by luxury yacht builder Nobiskrug of Germany .
It was delivered earlier this year . The yacht is 142.81 metres in length , weighs 2,500 tonnes , has eight floors , 54 crew , bomb-proof glass and an underwater viewing floor .
March 31 Canadian stock futures fell on Friday ahead of GDP data for January , which is expected to show that the economy grew at a similar pace compared to a month earlier .
Futures were also weighed down by oil prices , which fell after a three-day rally .
June futures on the S & P TSX index were down 0.21 percent at 7:15 a.m . ET .
Monthly GDP data for January is due at 8:30 a.m . ET
Canada 's main stock index pulled back from a one-month high on Thursday as deal-related news pressured shares of Cenovus Energy Inc and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce .
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.18 percent at 7:15 a.m . ET , S & P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.26 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were down 0.17 percent .
( Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here )
TOP STORIES TOP/CAN
BlackBerry Ltd reported a smaller quarterly loss as operating costs nearly halved . The company 's net loss narrowed to $ 47 million , or 10 cents per share , in the fourth quarter ended Feb. 28 , from $ 238 million , or 45 cents per share , a year earlier .
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Cenovus Energy Inc : Instinet cuts target price to C $ 18 from C $ 20
Dollarama Inc : CIBC raises target price to C $ 125 from C $ 111
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m . ET
Gold futures : $ 1,241.3 ; -0.3 pct
US crude : $ 50.09 ; -0.52 pct
Brent crude : $ 52.58 ; -0.72 pct
LME 3-month copper : $ 5,860 ; -1.61 pct
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON FRIDAY
08:30 Personal consumption real mm for Feb : Prior -0.3 pct
08:30 Personal income mm for Feb : Expected +0.4 pct ; Prior
+0.4 pct
08:30 Consumption adjusted mm for Feb : Expected +0.2 pct ;
Prior +0.2 pct
08:30 Core PCE price index mm for Feb : Expected +0.2 pct ;
Prior +0.3 pct
08:30 Core PCE price index yy for Feb : Prior +1.7 pct
08:30 PCE price index mm for Feb : Prior +0.4 pct
08:30 PCE price index yy for Feb : Prior +1.9 pct
09:00 Dallas Fed PCE for Feb : Prior +2.4 pct
09:45 Chicago PMI for Mar : Expected +56.9 ; Prior +57.4
10:00 U Mich Sentiment Final for Mar : Expected +97.6 ; Prior
+97.6
10:00 U Mich Conditions Final for Mar : Expected +114.0 ;
Prior +114.5
10:00 U Mich Expectations Final for Mar : Expected +87.0 ;
Prior +86.7
10:00 U Mich 1-year inflation final for Mar : Prior +2.4 pct
10:00 U Mich 5-year inflation final for Mar : Prior +2.2 pct
10:30 ECRI Weekly Index : Prior +144.6
10:30 ECRI weekly annualized : Prior +9.0 pct
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS , CLICK ON CODES :
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ( $ 1= C $ 1.33 ) ( Reporting by Nandi Kaul in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila )
* China 's three largest airlines miss analyst expectations
* Hit by 6.6 percent depreciation of yuan in 2016
* Benefits of low oil price also beginning to fade ( Recasts , adds context , analyst comment )
By Brenda Goh
SHANGHAI , March 30 China 's weakening yuan cut $ 1.6 billion from profits earned by the country 's three largest airlines last year , denting a sector whose fortunes have risen on the back of the country 's travel boom .
Air China , China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines all missed analyst expectations on Thursday , with their foreign exchange losses totalling 11.04 billion yuan ( $ 1.6 billion ) .
These airlines have aggressively ordered new aircraft to take advantage of strong travel demand from China , the world 's fastest growing aviation market . However the loans they took for these purchases were mainly denominated in U.S. dollars .
This exposed them to depreciation of the yuan which lost 6.6 percent of its value against the surging dollar last year in its biggest annual fall since 1994 .
`` Exchange rate fluctuations , increased international geopolitical disputes and foreign terrorist events had adverse effects on the industry , '' said China Eastern Airlines in its annual report .
Each airline said they were trying to reduce their share of U.S. dollar-denominated loans , with China Southern saying that it had paid down $ 1.8 billion of such loans early , increasing its share of yuan-denominated financing from 30.7 percent to 51.2 percent .
Their results also showed how the benefits of low fuel prices , which had boosted their earnings in 2014 and 2015 , were starting to fade as global oil prices recovered . Air China 's fuel bill , which shrank 30.4 percent in 2015 , fell by only 8.6 percent last year .
`` China 's aviation industry is still in an important period of opportunity , the market potential is still huge , '' China Southern said in its earnings report .
`` However , at the same time , we are facing a rebound in global oil prices , fluctuations in the yuan exchange rate , global competition as well as the expansion of the high-speed rail network . ''
Air China posted a 0.6 percent rise in full-year profits attributable to shareholders while China Eastern 's dipped 0.7 percent . China Southern reported a 30 percent rise in its profits attributable to shareholders .
These headwinds could mean further profit drops in 2017 , analysts say .
`` Higher oil price , renminbi depreciation , I think those factors are still going to be in play in 2017 , 2018 , '' said Jefferies analyst Andrew Lee .
`` Once those two catalysts start coming back in again I think what you see is that earnings will have peaked in 2016 , and we 're forecasting lower earnings in 2017 . '' ( $ 1 = 6.8880 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Brenda Goh ; Editing by Jane Merriman/Keith Weir )
All the political parties of the so-called centre issued fire and brimstone announcements on Tuesday , the 14th anniversary of the referendum on the Annan plan which 76 per cent of Greek Cypriots voted against . It was an emphatic rejection of the only comprehensive settlement plan ever presented and in the 14 years that has elapsed since we have never again come so close to an agreement .
At the time , opponents of the Annan plan had promised we would secure a better deal as members of the EU that we joined a week later , some referring to it as a ‘ European solution . ' Neither the then president Tassos Papadopoulos , who was in office for another four years , nor their two successors have come anywhere near delivering a ‘ European solution ' , conveniently blaming this failure to deliver on Turkish intransigence , the Cyprus problem exit route of all our politicians . It was also the reason given by President Anastasiades for the collapse of the peace process last year .
“ Unfortunately , the concessions of President Anastasiades fed Turkey 's intransigence and turned it into impunity , ” said the Greens ' announcement marking the referendum anniversary . “ We note , unfortunately , the decision of the Cypriot people in 2004 was exploited , ” it added . For Diko , the unfortunate thing was that “ the rejection of the Annan plan by the sovereign people , was not respected. ” The choices of governments since 2008 led the Cyprus problem to its “ worst phase . ”
Why is the Cyprus problem in a worse phase than it was in 2004 after the referendum ? The talks are deadlocked as they were then and the status quo of 2004 remains unchanged . The Solidarity movement also believed that the “ no of the Cypriot people to the partitionist Annan plan was not taken advantage of. ” Nobody explained how the rejection of the Annan plan should have been taken advantage of or exploited . Would we be in a different position today , if the rejection was respected and exploited ? It would be very interesting to hear in what position we actually would be , even if it is a theoretical question .
A clue was provided by Edek 's announcement , which declared that the “ clear verdict of the Cypriot people led to the rejection of the partitionist and racist Annan plan. ” Has the partition of Cyprus been averted by the rejection of the partitionist Annan plan in 2004 ? We are closer today to the formalisation of partition than we have ever been . It could be said that by rejecting the partitionist Annan plan we have moved much closer to partition . And if our politicians had a little honesty , and were not afraid to say what they really believe , they would admit that the Cyprus problem , for them , is at its “ best phase ” ever , because partition is now unavoidable . The rejection of the Annan plan 14 years ago did not pass unexploited after all .
CHICAGO ( AP ) — Illinois officials say fireworks-related injuries are becoming a growing danger on Independence Day despite the state 's ban on most consumer fireworks .
Scroll for more content ...
At least 2,000 people statewide have been injured by fireworks over the last decade , according to the Illinois Department of Public Health . That number includes a record 349 people hurt by fireworks last year .
Catastrophic injuries also increased in that time , the Chicago Tribune reported . Illinois hospitals treated 16 dismemberment or amputation injuries in peak summertime months last year , well above 2015′s six cases , according to the state fire marshal 's office .
Fireworks are illegal in Illinois , but residents can still easily find them in neighboring states that legalized fireworks for tax revenue . Iowa allowed fireworks sales last year , joining Wisconsin , Michigan , Kentucky , Indiana and Missouri .
“ People just go across the ( state ) border , and even when you are driving in South Chicago , the billboards are saying , 'Hey , fireworks here , ' ” said Dr. Mark Grevious , a plastic surgeon who 's had firework patients in Chicago hospitals .
Grevious stressed people who defy the state 's rules should never light fireworks in their hands or use them after drinking alcohol .
Dr. Stathis Poulakidas is the burn unit director at Chicago 's Stroger Hospital . They expect dozens of firework patients this weekend amid holiday festivities .
“ Most of them are during the igniting process , ” they said . “ Easily half of those will be inpatient admissions requiring surgery . ”
Federal law strictly limits the power of consumer fireworks , said Julie Heckman , executive director of the American Pyrotechnics Association . But people still make the more powerful mortars at home by ordering the material , putting them together and selling them in bootleg markets , they said .
Fire marshal spokesperson Teagan Shull said the use and misuse of powerful fireworks like mortar shells may be behind the increase in catastrophic injuries .
“ Follow the instructions , ” said Marcus Pryor , who lost most of two fingers in a July 4 firework explosion three years ago in Chicago . “ Do n't buy things off the street . ... Got to be careful . ”
___
Information from : Chicago Tribune , http : //www.chicagotribune.com
Two people were killed , Sunday , in an afternoon wreck in Smith County .
Emily Bauman , 23 , of Flint and Kevin Riggs , 54 , were both killed in the crash on FM 2868 , just east of Highway 155 S .
DPS says the crash happened around 4:30 during a period of heavy rain .
A preliminary report indicated that Bauman was traveling east on FM 2868 and lost control of the vehicle . They skidded into oncoming traffic and was struck by Riggs ' vehicle .
Vicki Riggs , 62 , a passenger , was taken to ETMC-Tyler in critical condition .
Kevin Riggs and Bauman were pronounced dead at the scene by Judge Shamburger .
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
February 15 , 2017
by The Canadian Press
MONTREAL—Flight training specialist CAE Inc. says it 's poised to benefit from the arrival of Donald Trump to the White House and increased defence spending around the world .
“ We have a unique situation geopolitically that we have n't seen since the Cold War , ” CAE chief executive Marc Parent said Tuesday during a conference call to discuss its third-quarter results .
Whether it 's fighting terrorism , responding to Trump 's push for countries to meet their NATO commitment or other military challenges , regions around the world are increasing their defence spending , they told analysts .
During a visit last week to Washington , Canadian Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said the government may increase military spending .
Despite a slight decrease in defence revenues last quarter , CAE won a $ 200-million contract from Airbus to provide training over 11 years for 16 search and rescue aircraft for the Royal Canadian Air Force .
The Montreal-based company also was awarded last month more than $ 1 billion in contracts from U.S. and Canadian armed forces .
In the United States—where nearly a third of CAE 's 8,000 employees are based—the company said it 's well-positioned to profit from the new president 's electoral promise to increase the U.S. defence budget .
“ The new administration in the United States are very focused on maintaining and increasing readiness and that in itself is driving a lot of activity , ” they added .
CAE beat expectations as its profits increased 21.8 per cent to $ 69.3 million , or 25 cents per share , in the third quarter as revenues were up 10.8 per cent to $ 682.7 million .
Excluding one-time costs , it earned $ 69.6 million or 26 cents per share in adjusted profits , three cents above analyst forecasts . That compared with $ 59.4 million or 22 cents per share a year earlier .
Civil aviation revenues increased 23 per cent to $ 412.8 million , but defence sector sales decreased four per cent to $ 412.8 million . Health sector revenues were $ 26.2 million a drop of 7.4 per cent .
Troy G. Putzier , age 51 , of Oto , Iowa , died Saturday , June 30 , 2018 , at the Mercy Medical Center of Sioux City , Iowa .
A Funeral Service will be held at 2:30 p.m. on Friday , July 6 , 2018 at the Armstrong-Van Houten Funeral Home of Anthon , Iowa . Pastor Karen Handke will officiate .
Interment will be held at a later date in the Oak Hill Cemetery of Anthon , Iowa .
A visitation will be held from 5-7 p.m. on Thursday , July 5 at the Armstrong-Van Houten Funeral Home of Anthon , Iowa . Condolences may be sent online to www.armstrongfuneral.com .
In lieu of flowers , the family wishes that memorials be directed to the Oto Ambulance , Shriners or the Ronald McDonald house in honor of Troy .
Troy G. Putzier , the son of Freddie “ Fritz ” and Monty “ Sis ” ( Bainbridge ) Putzier , was born on November 22 , 1966 , in the Hartley Hospital of Battle Creek , Iowa . They grew up on a farm outside of Anthon , Iowa and graduated from Anthon-Oto High School with the class of 1986 .
After high school , Troy went to work for Wilson Packing . Throughout their life , Troy worked various jobs and had been employed in the past at Midwest Industries , Cloud Service Station , Schroeder Electric , and at Wiatel Telephone Company for 18 years .
Troy ( Amy ) were blessed with two sons Zach and David . The couple would later go their separate ways . In May of 2017 , Troy fell in love with the love of their life , Rosemary Maguire . On June 30 , 2018 , their time was tragically cut short due to a fatal ATV accident that would claim Troy 's Life .
Troy had served on the Oto Ambulance Crew for 18 years as an EMT and was beginning their journey to becoming a Shriner . They were an avid outdoors man and enjoyed fishing , hunting , and trapping .
They relished in their time spent with their family and friends , but the true highlight of their life was being called Grandpa . Troy loved spending time and watching their young grandson Owen grow .
Left to cherish their memory are their sons Zach ( Cheyenne ) Putzier of Climbing Hill , IA and David Putzier of Oto , IA ; grandson Owen Putzier ; mother Monty “ Sis ” Putzier of Anthon , IA ; significant other Rosemary Maguire of Oto , IA ; mother of their sons Amy Putzier of Hornick , IA ; and extended family and friends .
Troy was preceded in death by their father Freddie “ Fritz ” Putzier ; infant brother Freddie Jr. ; their maternal and paternal grandparents ; several aunts , uncles , nieces , and nephews .
Christina Ricci loved being a child star .
The American actor - who played Wednesday Addams in 'The Addams Family ' films at the age of 10 - loved `` being a kid who had a talent '' and enjoyed having `` positive reinforcement '' every single day .
Asked what role they preferred , they said : `` I do n't have a favourite [ film ] of all time . I 've had some incredible experiences and loved working as a child . I have to say The Addams Family movies were two really really - they were like glory days for me as a 10 and 12-year-old . Those were great movies to be on ...
`` I loved working . I loved being a kid who had a talent . I loved being good at something . I loved all that positive reinforcement I got every day . I loved getting to use my imagination in a way that really created things . It was incredible to be able to do that so young . ''
Christina worked with Cher on their first movie and praised the singer 's kindness and generosity , revealing they learned a lot from them
They added to People magazine : `` Cher was the most famous actor I 've worked with , and it was my first movie . They were so open and so incredibly kind and generous . I learned a ton from them I could ask them directly , 'How do you do it ? How do you make yourself cry ? ' And they would try to help me learn how to do it . They were great . ''
MARYVILLE ( WATE ) – Often times attributes involved with becoming an effective leader parallel good parenting skills .
Adriel McCord is one of four Knoxville-area men who will be honored at the annual Father 's Day luncheon hosted by the Beta Theta Boule Foundation . Their colleagues say they are someone known around First Tennessee banks as someone who 'll take time to let younger employees look over their shoulder .
“ He can relate because they started like I did , as a teller , and worked their way up . So , he 's just been that person I can go to for advice , ” said financial services representative Megan Seaton .
Adriel McCord played basketball in the 90s , before rising from bank teller to one vice president at First Tennessee .
“ As I told her , come and do the job that you 're asked to do and if you do well at it , somebody will notice that , so you do n't have to come in and tell everybody what you 're going to be , ” said Adriel McCord . “ Basically , if you do the job you 've got ta do , you 'll actually get that opportunity to do that . ”
It is advice they share with their 12-year-old son , Jayden , who loves to visit their dad at work . Adriel McCord and their wife , Nichole , were raised by single moms in their first years of life . ”
“ We both did n't see our fathers every day and it was very hard for Jayden to hear those stories , ” said Nichole McCord . “ He finds it hard to believe . ‘ You did n't see your dad every single day ? ' and we 're like , ‘ no we did n't . ' ”
Adriel McCord credits their stepfather with their ‘ make every moment count ' mentality .
“ My stepdad was the one who was actually there for me ; laid the foundation for why I want to be so involved in my son 's life , ” said Adriel McCord . “ For me to get the opportunities I have and to actually share those with other people to help them seize the moment , that 's what I try to do . ”
Irish EuroMillions players are today flocking to buy tickets for tonight 's bumper draw which promises a massive increase in lower tier prizes due to the €190 million jackpot cap .
The National Lottery has confirmed that due to the €190 million jackpot cap , an estimated €18 million in prizes will now flow down to lower prize tiers .
Under the EuroMillions community rules a jackpot is capped at €190m and any excess will flow down to the next prize tier at which there are winners . The jackpot can remain capped at €190 million for up to four draws .
On the fifth draw at cap , if the €190 million jackpot is still not won , the full value of the jackpot will flow down to the next tier with a prize winner .
“ The excitement around tonight 's EuroMillions is unprecedented , ” National Lottery CEO , Dermot Griffin , said today . “ The jackpot is capped at €190 million for the second time this week . We have done the numbers and this means excess will flow down with the real possibility that tonight 's draw could create more multi-millionaires at lower prize tiers . ”
An Irish winner of the mind-blowing €190 million jackpot would find themselves shooting straight onto the Irish Rich List in joint 77th place , ahead of actor Liam Neeson who is worth €127 million .
Mr Griffin said : “ This €190 million draw is really capturing the imaginations of our players . It is an incredible amount to win , immediately making the winner one of the richest people in the country . ”
“ Winning this amount of money can be daunting and if somebody is lucky enough to score big , we will be ready to support them in any way we can . It is three years since the jackpot was at €190 million and this top prize has only been won twice ever - in Portugal in October 2014 and in the UK in August 2012 . So an Irish win will be truly historic . ”
“ Interest is so strong in tonight 's draw we are advising players to avoid queues and buy their tickets early in-store , online at www.lottery.ie or through the National Lottery app . ”
A work crew will begin removing debris from the site of a 16th historic church in Třinec- Guty destroyed by fire recently . The town of Třinec has provided space for the remains to be stored . The news was confirmed by Antonín Závada , who is overseeing the removal and replacement project . Construction of a new church at the site is expected to begin next autumn ; it should be finished by the spring of 2019 , at the cost of around 20 million crowns .
March 30 Community Healthcare Trust Inc :
* Community Healthcare Trust increases credit facility to $ 250 million with $ 100 million term loans and lowered borrowing costs
* Community Healthcare Trust Inc says credit facility provides for a $ 150 million revolving facility and $ 100 million in term loans
* Community Healthcare Trust Inc says revolving facility matures in August 2019 , with two 12-month extension options
* Community Healthcare Trust Inc says term loans consists of $ 50 million maturing in March 2022 and $ 50 million maturing in March 2024 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
× Shooting investigation underway in Somerset Ridge
LOCUST GROVE , Va. — Homeowners have been asked to stay in their homes as a shooting investigation continues in the Somerset Ridge Subdivision , off Germanna Highway , in Orange County .
One person was shot Wednesday morning .
That person , whose name has not been released , was expected to be OK , according to Orange County Sheriff 's Office Chief Deputy Michael LaCasse .
LaCasse would not say where the shooting took place .
Investigators have blocked the man road into Somerset Ridge while they search for clues and suspects in the shooting .
The Virginia State Police and Spotsylvania Sheriff 's Office are helping the investigation .
This is a developing story .
Witnesses can send photos and news tips here .
Though the White House has taken pains to keep a February U.S.-Russia skirmish in Syria under wraps , President Donald Trump had no such reservations at a Wednesday fundraiser in Manhattan where they bragged that American troops took out hundreds of Russians in as little as ten minutes , according to a Tuesday Politico report .
According to the New York Times , the fighting actually lasted about four hours , leaving 300 to 400 pro-Assad troops dead .
Per Politico , the fundraiser took place in midtown 's Lotte New York Palace Hotel where top donors could get a ticket for $ 50,000 per person .
Trump also reportedly patted themselves on the back for moving the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem , saying that they do not blame other presidents for lacking the courage needed to go through with the aggressive move .
The event reportedly raised $ 5 million to be used for both Trump 's campaign and the RNC .
YOU GOT THIS , MAN Man Tries Their Best Not To Speak With A Southern Accent , And The Result Is Hilarious
`` That 's choppy , that 's not smooth . '' `` That 's about as smooth as you can get from my ass at this point ! ''
RICHMOND , Va. — Richmond food writer Robey Martin is serving up some of Richmond 's ca n't miss food , beer , and wine events . To let Robey know about an upcoming event , drop them an email .
Inform
Wednesday , March 21
John Richmond , founder of the Human Trafficking Institute will be at Blue Bee Cider along with nine Virginia Women Cider makers . In addition to great food from Brittanny Anderson of Metzger Bar and Butchery , Brenner Pass and Chairlift and cider , attendees will learn about the Institute 's work to prosecute and convict people who force others to work without pay in restaurants , hospitality venues , and related businesses .
Tickets are available here .
Engage
Saturday , March 24
Who did it ? The bride or the groom ? Have some old wedding gear in the closet ? Pop it on for “ Murder at the Mansion – ‘ Til Death Do Us Part – All is fair in Love and Murder ” Mystery dinner at Dover Hall . Find out if it really was with a candlestick in the Billards room while eating a four-course dinner by Chef Lee Hendrickson .
So much intrigue . Tickets are here .
Entertain
Tuesday , March 20
Want to be a better bartender ? Want to be the life of the party while creating the perfect Old Fashioned ? Learn the basics of bitters ( spoiler alert : they make cocktails better ! ) and discover the huge variety of flavors we can use from barks to seeds , fruits and roots with Laura Baum from Laura 's Botanicals at The Broken Tulip from 5:30 – 6:30 p.m .
Tickets include the class and one drink .
Connect
Wednesday , March 21
Network with Richmond Region Tourism at The Veil Brewing Co . Learn about the sweet things happening in RVA while drinking a local brew from the Veil , noshing on appetizer from Capital Ale House Richmond and Fest VA and chatting with your new best friend .
Purchase your ticket here .
Do n't forget , Lunch Break with Robey Martin takes you inside some of Richmond 's most anticipated restaurants before they open . Take a tour and meet the people responsible for turning Richmond into a culinary destination . Click here to suggest the next place Robey should take a lunch break .
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
SAN FRANCISCO — Samsung announced on Monday a batch of cheaper , water-resistant smartphones .
The move marks the company 's first product unveiling since the launch of the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7 .
Later this month , Samsung will launch three new versions of its Galaxy A smartphone , the low-cost alternative to the flagship Galaxy S line . As of now , the devices are set to launch in Russia and expand to other markets thereafter .
Called the Galaxy A3 , A5 , and A7 — differentiated by screen size — the devices are water and dust resistant for the first time . The phones will also include a new 16-megapixel camera , including a “ selfie mode ” that lets you tap anywhere to take a photo .
The A3 features a 4.7-inch display , while the A5 clocks in at 5.2 inches , and the A7 is 5.7 inches .
The series resembles Samsung 's high-end Galaxy S line and features a fingerprint sensor , metal frame and a 3D glass backing ( available in black , gold , blue and pink ) . However , the inside of the phones pack less processing power than Galaxy S phones and and max out at just 32GB of internal storage , without an external SD card .
Pricing has not yet been announced , but the Galaxy A series devices — which debuted in 2014 — typically start at under $ 400 for the smaller-sized models . Samsung 's Galaxy S line starts at $ 800 .
The update to the line comes as the company looks to move past the Note 7 recall that cost the company billions of dollars last year . Samsung has reportedly finished its investigation into what caused some devices to catch fire , but it has n't publicly revealed the findings .
It 's next big smartphone launch is n't expected until February , but the company will show off some of its new technology at CES 2017 on Wednesday .
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Night-time restrictions are to be extented on Inis Mór and Inis Oirr .
From Friday , the two Aran Islands are to have water usage curtailed from 8pm to 8am .
A restriction from 10pm to 7am was already in place there since last week .
Irish Water has called on households and businesses across the length and breath of the county to conservce supply as the heatwave continues .
Outside of the Aran Islands , night-time restrictions are also in place at the Ballyconneely water treatment plant serving the Ballyconneely and Foreglass areas from 11pm to 7am for the foreseeable future .
This is because demand on this scheme is now exceeding supply .
In the city , due to very high demand in areas supplied by the Tonabrocky reservoir , Irish Water has also imposed night time restrictions between the hours of 11pm and 7am .
Barna , Moycullen , Knocknacarra , Kingston , Taylor 's Hill , Letteragh Road , Bishop O'Donnell Road , Clybaun Road , Cappagh Road , Ballymoneen Road may experience low pressure and reduced flow at night time .
These restrictions are essential to allow the Tonabrocky reservoir storage levels to recover and will remain in place at night time until further notice .
North of the county , groundwater springs and boreholes supplying Dunmore/Glenamaddy , Kilkerrin/Moylough , Ballygar , Mountbellew and Ballymoe are extremely low .
While in South Galway , customers in Clarinbridge , Kilcolgan , Roveagh , Ballinderreen and Tyrone Group Water Scheme are urged to conserve supply .
Work has been carried out at Clarenbridge Water Tower to improve the supply situation in the short term but consumption is still very high .
Customers in Gort are also urged to conserve water as raw water levels in the Gort River are dropping .
Finally , demand in Tír na Fhía/Leitir Mór has increased significantly and some areas are experiencing outages .
Supply from the Tír na Fhía Water Treatment Plant is higher than can be sustained and leak repairs have been carried out in recent days .
Meanwhile , Irish Water has announced a hosepipe ban for the whole country .
The measure has been in place in the Greater Dublin Area since the start of the week – but will be extended nationwide from Friday at 8am .
The order bans the use of water for non-essential activities like watering the garden or filling a paddling pool and will continue until the end of the month .
Irish Water say the decision has been made because of the drought conditions , which are due to continue into next week .
They 're encouraging people to keep conserving water to help protect water supplies .
Okanagan Valley wineries need to think of themselves as collaborators rather than competitors to grow their industry , says the owner of a Washington state winery .
Steve Griessel , owner of Betz Family Winery in Woodinville , Wash. , says that sense of collaboration runs deep in Washington 's wine and grape growing community and they believe it has been the foundation for their success .
“ I feel very strongly about that , and it says something about who we are as an industry and where we see ourselves being 10 years from now , no matter how large or small , we are all in this together , ” Griessel said .
“ We are competing against the rest of the world , not against each other . ”
Griessel was among the keynote speakers for the inaugural BC Wine Industry Forum held in Penticton last week .
They talked about the growth of Washington 's winery industry , which contributes $ 5 billion to the state economy .
Washington 's wine industry produced approximately 17.5 million cases of wine in 2016 , with an overall wine grape acreage of more than 55,000 acres . Their industry is comprised of over 900 wineries and 350 grape growers .
Like the Okanagan , Washington vintners are focused on the premium wine market segment .
Washington premium wine production is second only to the Napa Valley in the U.S .
Related : Okanagan wine industry lacks climate change plan
As a comparison , the Okanagan wine industry is also ranked second for Canada , behind only the Niagara Peninsula of Ontario , with more than 120 vineyards and 200 wineries , with a grape acreage of 9,900 acres .
“ Napa Valley was very much like that when their wine industry was starting , ” Griessel said of the collaboration . “ It has changed now because the industry has enjoyed great success , and attracted new investors and that shared collaboration has been lost a little in recent years . ”
Griessel said the best example of Washington wineries working together was in 2002 when a spring freeze destroyed much the grape crop , leaving many wineries with no product and on the verge of bankruptcy .
“ The largest producer in the state stepped up and made sure everyone had a supply of grapes to continue operating that year . That is unheard of in any industry , for a company with the largest marketshare helping its competitors to survive rather than letting them go out of business , ” they said .
“ But our view as an industry is we walk together to change the world . It is a common vision that unites us all , big and small . ”
Griessel said the maturity level of the Okanagan 's wine industry is about 15 to 20 years behind Washington , so the experience of their and and other Washington wineries and grape growers can benefit local producers .
“ We can learn a lot from each other , ” Griessel said . “ The geography and climate is very similar . We get massive heat spikes that present challenges to our growers some years , similar to what you see in the Okanagan . ”
Related : International showcase of Okanagan wines
They said while the Washington industry has used social media to connect directly with consumers , they said they have also placed greater emphasis on “ influencing the influencers ” in the wine industry .
“ What I have found is that while winning wine competitions is great , it does n't really move the needle much on the business side . What does make the needle move significantly is a positive review from a wine critic such as Robert Parker , ” they said .
Parker is a renowned American wine critic who gives wine ratings through their newsletter , The Wine Advocate , on a regular basis with international influence .
“ Many people think Parker is not as influential anymore but I think that is nuts . What I see is when they pass judgment on a new wine , a positive review moves that needle like nothing else can . ”
While marketing remains important , Griessel says their industry has also been a research driver , working with the University of Washington on projects related to the agriculture and wine producing elements of their industry .
“ We raised the money to build a wine research centre and donate $ 1.1 million annually for research projects . We direct that research based on what our greatest needs are , so again there is that collaboration aspect working on the research end as well . ”
But the ultimate growth driver , Griessel acknowledged , remains the people in their industry .
“ We had to work to convince people initially to change the ‘ it does nothing for me ' attitude that our industry wide efforts in research and marketing will benefit the entire industry . We 've worked hard to change that attitude , ” they said .
To report a typo , email : edit @ kelownacapnews.com .
@ BarryGerding
barry.gerding @ blackpress.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Scroll for more content ...
President Donald Trump has a good point when they rage about America 's NATO partners failing to meet even their own burden sharing targets for the alliance 's common defense .
And he 's only adopting arguments and voicing frustrations expressed by their two most recent predecessors , albeit in a far less subtle , undiplomatic and Trumpian way .
The current President is especially sensitive to the cost of America 's security umbrella for its allies , in Asia as well as Europe , and largely sees alliances that underpin US global power in transactional rather than geopolitical terms .
Complaints about NATO spending animated their 2016 campaign , when they branded the alliance `` obsolete '' -- so no one in Europe , where years of complacency set in after the fall of the Soviet Union , can say they were not warned .
`` It 's costing us too much money and frankly they have to put up more money ... we 're paying disproportionately , '' Trump said in a CNN town hall event in March 2016 . At an acrimonious meeting of NATO leaders last year , they said Europe was not being `` fair '' to US taxpayers . At the disastrous G7 summit last month , Trump slammed NATO as `` worse than NAFTA , '' as first reported by Axios .
But ahead of what is shaping up as a bruising NATO summit in Brussels , Belgium , next week , Trump 's anger , expressed in letters sent by the administration to several foreign governments , is raising fears that their hardline approach will backfire and put the alliance itself at risk .
Their frustration also seems rooted in a more fundamental hostility to the concept of collective and multilateral cooperation that has united the post-World War II American-led community of democracies .
After all , Trump has a record of pulling out of multilateral arrangements , like the Paris climate accord and the Trans-Pacific Partnership , and they are also railing against the World Trade Organization . They say America 's top allies are only interested in raiding its `` piggy bank . ''
So while the President 's complaints about Europe 's defense spending may be justified , critics fear they are a possible precursor to a splintering of the international system that made the United States the richest , most powerful nation in the history of the world .
Trump 's demeanor and `` America First '' philosophy complicate efforts by leaders like German Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Prime Minister Theresa May to argue to domestic audiences for more defense spending to meet US demands . And if it comes to it , they will have little public support to deploy troops to any Trump-led foreign wars .
Trump 's own suspicion of Western institutions may undermine their demands for more spending -- as does their misconception that NATO is like a club to which European members owe billions of dollars in arrears .
And their own commitment to NATO is clouded by their frequent parroting of the talking points of Russian President Vladimir Putin -- whose foreign policy is designed to undermine the West and is viewed as a rising security threat by most of the rest of the 29-member alliance .
One big fear is that Trump could hint publicly that the US will not defend alliance members who fall short of spending targets -- a step that would fracture the notion of collective defense that is central to NATO 's identity , and assuredly would delight Moscow .
Obama , Bush complained before Trump even arrived
The tardiness of NATO governments to live up to their own pledges to spend 2 % of their gross domestic product on defense and the diminished capabilities of key powers like Britain have long rankled in Washington .
`` If we 've got a collective defense , it means that everybody 's got to chip in , and I 've had some concerns about a diminished level of defense spending among some of our partners in NATO , '' President Barack Obama said in Brussels in 2014 .
`` The situation in Ukraine reminds us that our freedom is n't free and we 've got to be willing to pay for the assets , the personnel , the training that 's required to make sure that we have a credible NATO force and an effective deterrent force . ''
Six years earlier , at their last NATO summit , President George W. Bush had called on NATO members to `` increase their defense investments to support both NATO and EU operations , '' adding : `` America believes if Europeans invest in their own defense , they will also get stronger and more capable when we deploy together . ''
Even without Trump , it was inevitable that Americans would begin questioning commitments abroad and the cost-benefit ratio of alliances like NATO as memories of the horror of World War II fade and the common purpose of the Cold War recedes into history .
But there have been positive signs in recent years , which are likely to be overshadowed by Trump 's bristling anger at US allies , with many diplomats fearing that Brussels will see a repeat of the G7 summit in Canada , which Trump blew up , raising doubts about Western cohesion .
The latest NATO figures , from 2017 , point to a 4.3 % increase in defense spending as a percentage of GDP among European alliance members and Canada . Military spending is on the rise among most members -- partly owing to US pressure and renewed fears of Russian expansion following the annexation of Crimea in 2014 .
Yet at the point the report was released a year ago , only six NATO nations were spending 2 % of GDP on defense , a target all nations have until 2024 to reach .
US complaints run deeper than just the numbers , however .
There is great concern over the capability of NATO armed forces -- as the impact of the Great Recession and budget pressures in nations that fund more generous welfare states than the US have caused some European powers to take painful decisions .
Britain , for instance , has two new huge aircraft carriers that will become fully operational in the years to come and is renewing its Trident independent nuclear deterrent .
Yet earlier this year , the head of the British army , Gen. Sir Nicholas Carter , warned after years of defense cuts that the capacity of Britain to engage Russian forces battle-tested in Syria and Ukraine could be eroded if efforts were not made to match their capabilities .
`` We need to recognize that credible deterrence must be underpinned by genuine capability and genuine commitment that earns the respect of potential opponents , '' Carter said .
Some US officials are using what they see as foot dragging by NATO members to rebut the claims of Trump critics that the President is trying to undermine the transatlantic alliance -- including by their solicitous relationship with Putin .
`` If you think that Russia is a threat , ask yourself this question : Why is Germany spending less than 1.2 % of its GNP ? '' Trump 's national security adviser , John Bolton , said on CBS 's `` Face the Nation '' over the weekend .
Complaints that the administration is not committed to NATO are also undercut by its budgeting of $ 3.4 billion in 2017 for the European Deterrence Initiative , which grew out of an Obama-era program to reassure US partners after Russia 's move into Ukraine .
Germany lags in spending
Germany has pledged to raise its defense spending only to 1.5 % of its GDP by 2025 , despite a string of reports questioning the readiness of its forces . Defense spending has traditionally been a sensitive political topic in a nation that spent decades coming to terms with its militaristic past .
In a letter to Merkel , read to CNN 's Michelle Kosinski by a source , Trump said they understand the political constraints that have braked defense spending in their country .
`` The US continues to devote more resources to the defense of Europe , where the continent 's economies , including Germany 's , are doing well and security challenges abound , '' Trump wrote .
There is also a barely veiled threat that the US will start to question its own devotion to European defense if Europe does not do much more .
`` It will ... become increasingly difficult to justify to American citizens why some countries do not share NATO 's collective security burden while American soldiers continue to sacrifice their lives overseas or come home gravely wounded . ''
Such arguments grate among NATO members , given that the only time NATO 's Article 5 on collective defense has ever been invoked was in support of the United States after the September 11 attacks in 2001 . Nations like Britain and Canada have suffered heavy losses fighting alongside the US in Afghanistan . According to the website iCasualties.org , Germany has lost 54 soldiers in the Afghan war . It maintains the second highest troop presence in the NATO coalition in Afghanistan , second only to the US .
While Trump is furious about NATO spending , there is just as much concern among the alliance partners and NATO supporters in the US that they do n't even share the common values that underpin the alliance -- or appreciate its vital historic role .
That gulf was emphasized by the resignation this week of the US ambassador to Estonia , James Melville Jr . In a Facebook post obtained by Foreign Policy magazine , Melville wrote :
`` For the President to say the EU was 'set up to take advantage of the United States , to attack our piggy bank , ' or that 'NATO is as bad as NAFTA ' is not only factually wrong , but proves to me that it 's time to go . ''
The transatlantic disconnect encapsulated in that post is the reason why the NATO summit next week could be the most crucial in the alliance 's history .
This story originally appeared in Bloomberg :
advertisement
China 's first overseas military base in the small African country of Djibouti is “ probably the first of many ” the country intends to build around the world , which could bring its interests into conflict with the U.S. , according to American intelligence officials .
“ China has the fastest-modernizing military in the world next to the United States , ” according to insights provided Thursday by U.S. intelligence officials , who asked not to be identified discussing the information . That will create “ new areas of intersection — and potentially conflicting — security interests between China and the United States and other countries abroad , ” according to the officials .
The People 's Liberation Army announced the establishment of a logistics support base in Djibouti in July , saying it would back up China 's military 's naval escort , peacekeeping and humanitarian missions in Africa and western Asia as well as military exercises and emergency evacuation .
Read the full story at Bloomberg .
( AP ) – Lauren Conrad is celebrating the new year by announcing she 's expecting a baby .
The 30-year-old former star of MTV 's “ Laguna Beach ” and “ The Hills ” posted a picture of their sonogram on Instagram on Sunday with the note , “ I have a feeling 2017 is going to be the best year yet . ”
This will be the first child for Conrad and their 36-year-old musician husband , William Tell . The couple married in 2014 .
Since leaving TV , Conrad has worked as a fashion designer and launched a homeware line .
Happy New Year ! I have a feeling 2017 is going to be the best year yet… A photo posted by Lauren Conrad ( @ laurenconrad ) on Jan 1 , 2017 at 7:57am PST
April 20 Hengtong Optic-electric Co Ltd :
* Says it will construct quantum data center and smart community with 21Vianet Group Inc , and both will cooperate on internet big data and super information platform related fields
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/kNjD6w
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
WASHINGTON — Sen. Bernie Sanders took to the Senate floor Wednesday to condemn the suspect in the GOP baseball practice shooting whom the Vermont senator said “ apparently volunteered ” for their presidential campaign .
Federal law enforcement sources have identified to CNN the alleged shooter as James Hodgkinson , 66 , of Illinois . The shooting injured House Majority Whip Steve Scalise , congressional staff and Capitol Police — all of whom are expected to recover . President Donald Trump said the alleged shooter succumbed to their injuries .
“ I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign , ” Sanders said . “ I am sickened by this despicable act . Let me be as clear as I can be : Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms . Real change can only come about through nonviolent action , and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values . ”
MATT Logue surged into a share of the lead with a stunning seven out of eight last round while Phil Rothfield 's many gambles got them out of the basement . Can they stay hot ?
Follow Phil Rothfield , Dean Ritchie , Michael Carayannis , Matty Logue , Paul Crawley , Fatima Kdouh , Nick Campton , David Riccio , Nick Walshaw , James Phelps and Paul Kent throughout the season for advice and tips .
Have they got it right for round eight or are some of them way off the mark ?
ROUND 8 FIXTURES : Dragons v Roosters , Storm v Warriors , Rabbitohs v Broncos , Sea Eagles v Knights , Panthers v Bulldogs , Titans v Sharks , Cowboys v Raiders , Eels v Tigers .
Los Angeles Angels ' Chris Young , center , is helped off the field by first baseman Albert Pujols and a member of the Los Angeles Angels training staff during the first inning of the team 's baseball game against the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . ( AP Photo/Stephen Brashear )
Los Angeles Angels ' Shohei Ohtani takes to the field to warm up for the team 's baseball game against the Seattle Mariners , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . ( AP Photo/Stephen Brashear )
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Los Angeles Angels ' Shohei Ohtani warms up before taking batting practice for the team 's baseball game against the Seattle Mariners , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . ( AP Photo/Stephen Brashear )
SEATTLE , WA – JULY 03 : Shohei Ohtani # 17 of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim warms up during batting practice prior to taking on the Seattle Mariners during their game at Safeco Field on July 3 , 2018 in Seattle , Washington . ( Photo by Abbie Parr/Getty Images )
Los Angeles Angels ' Shohei Ohtani , right , laughs while talking to manager Mike Scioscia before the team 's baseball game against the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . ( AP Photo/Stephen Brashear )
SEATTLE , WA – JULY 03 : Chris Young # 24 of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim pitches agianst the Seattle Mariners in the first inning during their game at Safeco Field on July 3 , 2018 in Seattle , Washington . ( Photo by Abbie Parr/Getty Images )
Los Angeles Angels ' Shohei Ohtani fouls off a pitch from Seattle Mariners starter Wade LeBlanc during the second inning of a baseball game , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . ( AP Photo/Stephen Brashear )
Los Angeles Angels ' Andrelton Simmons hits a solo home run off of Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Wade LeBlanc during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . ( AP Photo/Stephen Brashear )
Los Angeles Angels ' Andrelton Simmons ( 2 ) is congratulated by Shohei Ohtani after hitting a solo home run off Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Wade LeBlanc during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . ( AP Photo/Stephen Brashear )
SEATTLE , WA – JULY 03 : Chris Young # 24 of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim pitches agianst the Seattle Mariners in the first inning during their game at Safeco Field on July 3 , 2018 in Seattle , Washington . ( Photo by Abbie Parr/Getty Images )
SEATTLE , WA – JULY 03 : Shohei Ohtani # 17 of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim runs to second after hitting a fly out in the fourth inning against the Seattle Mariners during their game at Safeco Field on July 3 , 2018 in Seattle , Washington . ( Photo by Abbie Parr/Getty Images )
SEATTLE , WA – JULY 03 : Shohei Ohtani # 17 of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim reacts after hitting a fly out in the fourth inning against the Seattle Mariners during their game at Safeco Field on July 3 , 2018 in Seattle , Washington . ( Photo by Abbie Parr/Getty Images )
SEATTLE , WA – JULY 03 : Mike Trout # 27 of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim forced out at first base by Ryon Healy # 27 of the Seattle Mariners in the sixth inning during their game at Safeco Field on July 3 , 2018 in Seattle , Washington . ( Photo by Abbie Parr/Getty Images )
SEATTLE , WA – JULY 03 : Shohei Ohtani # 17 of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim walks back to the dugout after striking out in the seventh inning against the Seattle Mariners during their game at Safeco Field on July 3 , 2018 in Seattle , Washington . ( Photo by Abbie Parr/Getty Images )
The Angels ' Shohei Ohtani walks back to the dugout after striking out looking during the second inning of Tuesday 's game against the Mariners in Seattle . Ohtani went 0 for 4 with three strikeouts in their return to the lineup . ( Photo by Abbie Parr/Getty Images )
Seattle Mariners ' Nelson Cruz ( 23 ) gestures as they cross home plate in front of catcher Martin Maldonado after hitting solo home run off of Los Angeles Angels relief pitcher Noe Ramirez during the eighth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . The Mariners won 4-1 . ( AP Photo/Stephen Brashear )
SEATTLE — As much as the Angels were thrilled to get Shohei Ohtani back in their lineup on Tuesday night , their performance was further proof of something that should be obvious .
Simulated games are n't real games .
Ohtani , who had only had two days worth of simulated game at-bats in their preparation to return to the lineup for the first time in nearly a month , struck out three times in four hitless at-bats .
They were one of many Angels who had a disappointing offensive game in a 4-1 loss to the Seattle Mariners .
By managing only an Andrelton Simmons homer in seven innings against the soft-throwing Wade LeBlanc , the Angels lost the first of nine games they will play against the Mariners in July . They now trail the Mariners by a dozen games in the race for the second American League wild card .
Injuries have led to the Angels plummeting in the standings – and they suffered another one , with Chris Young headed for the disabled list after straining their left hamstring in the first inning – but at least they got back one of their key players when Ohtani was activated .
Ohtani had been out with a damaged ulnar collateral ligament that still prevents them from pitching , but they can hit .
“ Prior to this injury , they were a really good hitter , ” Simmons said before Tuesday 's game . “ He did really well with a limited amount of at-bats . They were still a big asset for us . Hopefully , they can come back and get their rhythm quick and help us out . ”
Simmons , however , has recent first-hand experience of how difficult that is . They missed only 11 days after spraining their ankle last month . They then came back without a minor league rehab assignment and had two hits in their first 23 at-bats .
Ohtani was hitting .289 with six homers and a .907 OPS when they went on the disabled list , but when they returned after just 20 simulated game at-bats against Angels minor league pitchers over two days , they clearly are n't the same .
Ohtani struck out twice and hit a flyout against LeBlanc . They then struck out to end the game against Mariners closer Edwin Diaz .
“ It does n't feel like it 's spring training all over , ” Ohtani said through their interpreter . “ It does n't feel like that , but it 's a different atmosphere up here facing big league pitchers in a big league stadium . I still might need a little more time to adjust to that . ”
Manager Mike Scioscia agreed .
“ Shohei just needs to see some pitches , ” they said . “ He 's going to be fine . Their bat speed is there . They looked great in batting practice . ”
Simply getting Ohtani back begs a couple more questions .
First , how often is they going to be in the lineup ? When they were splitting their time between hitting and pitching , they were the DH three or four times a week . That provided about three days a week that Albert Pujols could get off their feet and move back to DH . Now Ohtani would presumably be available to DH almost every day , but Pujols , 38 , might not be able to move to first base that often .
“ We 'll balance it , ” Scioscia said , without elaborating .
Also , is Ohtani going to be able to pitch this season ?
So far their ligament has had almost four weeks of healing from the platelet-rich plasma injection and stem-cell therapy . He 'll be evaluated again in about two weeks , but the history of players who have had PRP or stem-cell treatments is that it takes months to be able to throw again .
Ohtani , who had n't been available to the media since before they were injured , answered one question about the circumstances of their pitching injury . They said it was “ surprising ” when they learned the extent of the injury .
“ But the team took every step and checked out my elbow and asked what the doctor said , ” they said . “ I have to listen to them now . Now I just have to work hard and try to get back to where I was before the injury . ”
Ohtani was asked if they felt they would pitch again this season , but an Angels media relations official then interrupted the session and said Ohtani would not answer any more questions about pitching until after he 's re-evaluated .
Without Ohtani pitching , it 's important for the Angels to get quality work out of starters like Andrew Heaney , whose bad first inning proved too much to overcome on Tuesday .
Related Articles Angels give David Fletcher a try at leadoff spot
Angels activate Shohei Ohtani , the hitter
Billy Eppler ponders a key stretch for the Angels leading up to the trading deadline
Angels GM Billy Eppler says Shohei Ohtani ‘ looked good ' in 2 simulated games over the weekend
Angels shuffle rotation to use the best pitchers for series in Seattle They gave up a one-out double to Jean Segura , then back-to-back walks to Mitch Haniger and Nelson Cruz . Two runs scored on Kyle Seager 's double – the play on which Young was hurt – and a third scored after a wild pitch on the third strike to Ryon Healy .
“ It 's been the same old story for a while , big innings where I let it build , a couple walks , a double and then one hit kind of opens it up , ” they said . “ It 's something where I need to come out and sort of establish earlier and get ahead and all the same stuff we always talk about . ”
Heaney also implied that there might have been an early pitch-calling issue with catcher Martín Maldonado .
“ Me and Maldy were on the same page after that ( first inning ) , ” Heaney said . “ We were on the same page at the beginning , but I was n't really executing pitches . We kind of talked about it , got a few things straightened out and we were good from there . ”
Heaney settled down and did not allow another run through their seven innings , but the Angels ' offense could n't make up the early deficit .
“ He pitched a great game , ” Scioscia said . “ he gave us a chance to win . We just could n't get any pressure offensively . ”
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , they said on Wednesday .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
THE Northern Territory is at the forefront of a record-breaking surge in Chinese tourist spending , new figures reveal .
Spending by Chinese tourists in the NT grew by 87 per cent to $ 23 million in the year ending September 2017 , as the total amount of Chinese tourism dollars entering Australia exceeded $ 10 billion for the first time .
The figures are contained in Tourism Research Australia 's International Visitor Survey , released today , which also reveals Chinese visitor numbers in the NT were up 60 per cent to 11,332 in the 12 months to September .
During that time , 289,000 international tourists spent $ 465 million in the NT , up 6 per cent on the previous year .
In 2015-16 , overall tourism ( including both international and domestic visitors ) contributed $ 2.4 billion to total gross Territory product .
In that financial year , tourism employed about 17,300 people throughout the Territory , with visitors spending a total of 3.8 million nights here .
Federal Trade Minister Steven Ciobo said international visitors were attracted to the Territory 's many natural attractions and national parks , with the Lasseter region , which includes Uluru and Kings Canyon , bringing in 166,000 international visitors in 2015-16 , an increase of 3 per cent .
“ Chinese are travelling more than ever so we need to make sure Australia is their destination of choice , ” they said .
“ We 're doing everything we can to grow to this vital market to get more tourists to Australia . Doing so will create new jobs and drive economic growth . ”
Mr Ciobo said the Government 's China focus , including targeted marketing , aviation liberalisation and visa reform , was paying dividends in the Territory .
“ ( Chinese visitors ) spend far more than any other tourists , pumping billions of dollars into our economy , ” they said .
“ The more tourists we can get to the Northern Territory , the more business for our ­hotels , shops and restaurants , which will create new local jobs . ”
SANTA CLARA , Calif. — The San Francisco 49ers are easing linebacker Reuben Foster back into the system after they missed the start of the off-season program while dealing with a domestic violence case that was eventually dropped .
Foster was not allowed to participate in the off-season program until a judge ruled last week that they would n't have to stand trial on domestic violence charges . The judge determined there was no evidence that Foster ever hit their ex-girlfriend .
Foster rejoined the Niners last Thursday but has been held out of team drills as they get back into form after missing more than five weeks of the off-season program while waiting for their case to be resolved .
They took part in individual drills during organized team activities but spent the time during team drills doing conditioning or watching teammates .
`` Getting them up to speed wo n't take as long , '' defensive co-ordinator Robert Saleh said . `` I can promise you that when they get out there , he 'll be like a fireball . It will be cool to see . ''
Foster had a trying off-season following an arrest in February on charges of beating up their girlfriend . They were charged in April with felony domestic violence , forcefully attempting to dissuade a witness and felony possession of an assault weapon .
That led to the decision by the 49ers to keep them away from the off-season program and general manager John Lynch said Foster would be cut if it was proven they hit their girlfriend .
But the case quickly fell apart . The accuser , Elissa Ennis , recanted their accusations two days after telling police they were hit in the head eight to 10 times by Foster . They testified at a preliminary hearing earlier this month that the injuries were caused by a fight with another woman and they gave prosecutors video of that fight . They said they lied initially because they wanted retribution after Foster tried to end their relationship .
Judge Nona Klippen said recantations are n't uncommon in domestic violence cases but said there was no supporting evidence in this case that Foster had attacked Ennis and dropped the domestic violence charges . Foster still faces a misdemeanour weapons charge for having a Sig Sauer 516 short-barrelled rifle in their home that was legally registered in Alabama .
Foster also had a misdemeanour marijuana case dismissed in Alabama this month when they completed a pretrial diversion program .
Posted by admin on April 18 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
THAT 'S ... JUST TOO MANY TEETH Get Your First Look At The New 'Venom ' In This Full-Length Trailer
Normies : excited for Spider-Man in `` Infinity War '' this week . Edgy , brooding intellectuals : hyped for Sony 's `` Venom , '' coming this October .
Marshall police are asking for the public 's help finding the suspects involved in trailer thefts in the area .
The suspects have been reported to steal semi trailers and take the contents . The empty trailers are then found in Dallas . The thefts occurred July 29 , September 16 , and September 30 .
If you have any information , call Marshall/Harrison Co. CrimeStoppers at 903-935-9969 . In Smith County , call the Smith County Sheriff at 903-935-4557 .
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
By Ken Bell
kbell @ abc6.com
The URI Rams are getting ready for their trip to Sacramento and Friday 's NCAA Tournament game against Creighton .
Hassan Martin and E.C . Matthews talk about the journey to the Big Dance .
Irish Water is being accused of displaying a billion euro error of judgement by Tipperary TD Mattie McGrath .
Its after the utility announced plans to proceed with the Shannon pipeline  to provide a sustainable water source for parts of the midlands and Greater Dublin .
. @ mattiemcgrathtd accuses Irish Water of €1bn euro error of judgement on planned Shannon pipeline . @ IrishWater says they 're running out of water , and options for east and midlands pic.twitter.com/EfBljuau62 — Juliette Gash ( @ JulietteGash ) April 24 , 2018
At present , the capital is almost entirely reliant on the River Liffey  with little room for extra demand .
But Mattie McGrath says the public wasnt properly consulted , and there are too many leaks in Dublin to proceed with the project ;
Irish Water intends to proceed with taking water from the Shannon to supply parts of the midlands and the east of the country .
But the utility has been accused of misleading customers – and of institutional arrogance – by those who oppose the 1.3 billion euro project .
However Irish Water says a new sustainable source is needed to meet the demands of a growing population .
Juliette Gash reports ;
Ten out of every 12 rapists in Denmark are either migrants , foreigners , or come from migrant backgrounds , according to an investigation by Danish media .
The figures come from a study of rape cases from January 2016 to May 2017 and looked specifically at cases in which the victim did not know their attacker , Danish tabloid BT reports .
According to the study carried out by the newspaper , there were 12 convictions for rape in which the attacker was a stranger to their victim and in those 12 cases , 10 of the attackers came from migrant backgrounds or were immigrants .
The tabloid claims that the convicted rapists came from a variety of countries including Eastern European nations such as Bulgaria and Macedonia as well as countries outside of Europe like Somalia , Iraq , and Eritrea .
Inger Støjberg , Danish Minister for Immigration and Integration , commented on the study saying : “ It 's something we 've seen through many years that crime rates are much higher in immigrant circles than they are among Danes . ”
Year After Breitbart Report , Swedish MSM Catch up on Migrant Background of The Majority of Gang Rapists https : //t.co/QtdvJ0wV9h — Breitbart London ( @ BreitbartLondon ) March 22 , 2018
“ And when I see these very rough rapes – including violent assault – it 's a clear sign that you have not [ adjusted to life in ] Denmark , ” Støjberg added .
Støjberg has been known for years as a staunch critic of immigration saying in 2016 that , “ In my opinion , it is because we have been too scared to set out clear demands to the people coming to Denmark . We have not dared to say that we expect and demand that they provide for themselves and their families and that we expect them to adjust to Danish values . ”
Christian Diesen , professor of procedural law at Stockholm University in Sweden , claims that “ poor integration ” has led to migrants being overrepresented in rape cases saying : “ They do not feel like part of society , quickly feel outside and feel contempt for society and for others . ”
Swedish media conducted their own study of gang rape cases earlier this year finding that the majority of convicted gang rapists also came from migrant backgrounds , a fact that Breitbart London had revealed a full year beforehand .
Posted by admin on January 2 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
WASHINGTON , April 20 World finance leaders are gathering on U.S. President Donald Trump 's home turf on Thursday to try to nudge their still-evolving policies away from protectionism and show broad support for open trade and global integration .
The International Monetary Fund and World Bank spring meetings bring the two multilateral institutions ' 189 members face-to-face with Trump 's `` America First '' agenda for the first time , just two blocks from the White House .
`` These meetings will all be about Trump and the implications of their policies for the international agenda , '' said Domenico Lombardi , a former IMF board official who is now with the Centre for International Governance Innovation , a Canadian think-tank .
They added that IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde is aiming to `` socialize '' the new administration to the IMF 's agenda and influence its policy choices .
The IMF in particular has sounded warnings against Trump 's plans to shrink U.S. trade deficits with potential measures to restrict imports , arguing in its latest economic forecasts that protectionist policies would crimp global growth that is starting to gain traction .
Trump administration officials are now pushing back against such warnings by arguing that other countries are more protectionist than the United States .
Trump launched the week by signing an executive order to review `` Buy American '' public procurement rules that have long offered some exemptions under free trade agreements , and by lashing out at Canadian dairy restrictions .
In addition to warnings on trade , the IMF on Wednesday unveiled two studies pointing out dangers from fiscal proposals that Trump is considering . These included warnings that their tax reform ideas could fuel financial risk-taking and raise public debt enough to hurt growth .
Making tax reforms `` in a way that does not increase the deficit is better for growth , '' added IMF fiscal affairs director Vitor Gaspar .
The advice may simply be ignored , especially after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin last month insisted that an anti-protectionism pledge be dropped from a Group of 20 communiques issued in Baden-Baden , Germany , said Eswar Prasad , former head of the IMF 's China department
`` The IMF has little leverage since its limited toolkit of analysis-based advice , persuasion , and peer pressure is unlikely to have much of an impact on this administration 's policies , '' said Prasad , now an international trade professor at Cornell University .
Mnuchin 's decision against naming China a currency manipulator last week removed one concern for the IMF ahead of the meeting .
Lagarde also noted on Wednesday that the IMF would listen to all of its members , and work for `` free and fair '' trade . Lagarde is set to interview Mnuchin on stage during the meetings .
( Reporting by David Lawder ; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore )
April 13 , 2017
by CSA Group
—Sponsored article by CSA Group
One of the keys to a healthy hospital is keeping the bugs at bay . Manufacturers—who often supply products , systems and materials to healthcare facilities—have an important role to play . Viruses , bacteria , and fungi that would give little trouble to a healthy person can be fatal to someone who is already weakened by age , disease , or another condition .
Over the past two decades we have learned more about the danger of infection from hospital construction , renovation , and maintenance activities , and Canada has led the way in standards to protect patients from these hazards .
Since it was first published in 2003 , CSA Z317.13 Infection Control during Construction , Renovation , and Maintenance of Health Care Facilities has revolutionized work practices in and around health care facilities . As with every Canadian standard , it has to be periodically reviewed and updated , and this is especially important in a field that is evolving as quickly as this one .
The latest edition of Z317.13 was released in January of 2017 , and although it keeps to the philosophies of the previous editions , it includes a number of changes and improvements—many inspired by questions and suggestions from users of the previous edition . The current edition includes the following changes from the 2012 edition :
• New and revised requirements for cleaning of construction sites and building components , both during and after construction
• Expanded new requirements for wall materials and design in areas subject to moisture
• Updated requirements for monitors and alarms to maintain relative pressurization at construction sites
• Revision of clauses on the use of the building 's HVAC system for air supply to construction areas
• Revised requirements for cleaning and testing of construction air handling units ( CAHUs ) between uses
• New requirements to prevent contamination of water systems during construction activities
• Additional requirements around orientation and training of personnel working on construction sites
• Additional information on roles and responsibilities of infection prevention and control personnel and the MDT
• New and revised requirements for post-construction evaluation and documentation
• Reorganization of the existing annexes , and creation of new informative annexes to provide sample checklists and additional guidance
Of course , having the standard is just one piece of the safety puzzle . Ensuring those involved in the construction and/or renovation of health care facilities can effectively navigate the new sections of the standard as well as understand the latest developments and requirements , is the missing piece . This can be accomplished through training based on the standard .
Training not only highlights the unique challenges that these types of construction and renovation projects present but helps to ensure they 're carried out as efficiently as possible right from the start , providing a competitive edge to construction companies bidding on health care facilities projects .
Two days of training provides progressive knowledge and current information critical to getting the job done right :
• Fundamentals of Infection Control during Construction , Renovation and Maintenance of Health Care Facilities
This course remains very similar to its predecessor except that it has been updated to include all of the 2017 information in the standard .
• Effective Implementation and Practical Applications of Infection Control During Construction , Renovation and Maintenance of Health Care Facilities
Completely updated to reflect the 2017 edition , this course takes participants further into the standard using case studies and practical discussions on appropriate actions .
“ Our aim is to ensure that participants understand the standard before learning how to apply it ” , states Ethel Zammit , CSA Group Product Manager , “ and our faculty are leading experts in the field in Canada bringing years of experience and an incredible depth of knowledge to the classroom setting . ”
The brand-new edition of Z317.13 , and the in-depth training , will go a long way to protecting people who visit and work in health care buildings for decades to come .
About CSA Group :
CSA Group is an independent , not-for-profit membership association dedicated to safety , social good and sustainability . Its knowledge and expertise encompass standards development ; training and advisory solutions ; global testing and certification services across key business areas including hazardous location and industrial , plumbing and construction , medical , safety and technology , appliances and gas , alternative energy , lighting and sustainability ; as well as consumer product evaluation services . The CSA certification mark appears on billions of products worldwide . For more information about CSA Group visit www.csagroup.org
To view more articles from CSA Group visit the Safety & Sustainability Centre .
California rapper-actor Snoop Dogg shared an Instagram post claiming President Donald Trump would have been vocal about the deadly April 21 Waffle House shooting if the attacker had been Muslim .
“ If a Muslim shot up a restaurant full of white people , the ‘ president ' would be tweeting up a storm , driving their dumb racist base into a frenzy. ” Snoop Dogg 's post said of Travis Reinking , who walked into a Antioch , Tennessee , Waffle House and opened fire killing four people and wounding four more . “ The NRA would use it as fodder for propaganda to scare dumb racists into buying more guns . ”
The “ Gin and Juice ” rapper also suggested that President Trump has looked the other way on the attack because a white gunman shot black victims .
Facts . A post shared by snoopdogg ( @ snoopdogg ) on Apr 23 , 2018 at 3:20pm PDT
At press time , President Trump had not Tweeted about the Waffle House shooting in Tennessee .
Following Monday 's van attack in Toronto that left ten people dead and wounded 16 others , radio host Dean Obeidallah said they hoped the attacker was not a Muslim . The Hill quoted Obeidallah saying they feared President Trump would use the attack “ to try to further a political agenda ” if attacker Alek Minassian proved to be Muslim .
To date , President Trump has n't tweeted about the Toronto attack .
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News , the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets with AWR Hawkins , and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins , a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment , also for Breitbart News . They are the political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow them on Twitter : @ AWRHawkins . Reach them directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com . Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — Bulgaria 's Defense Ministry needs 12 MiG-29A jets and three MiG-29UB trainers to be repaired , the Kommersant newspaper said .
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Pesnya Russia Hopes to Sign Agreement on Arms Re-Export From Bulgaria
The ministry was reported to have offered Russian Aircraft Corporation MiG a $ 49 million four-year contract for maintenance of the jets .
Soviet-made MiGs amount to a huge part of Bulgaria 's combat aircraft fleet . Their replacement with newer NATO-compatible fighter jets has been on the agenda of the country 's authorities over the past decade .
In February , media reported that Sofia had signed a deal with Russian aircraft company MiG to repair its aircraft citing the company 's Director General Ilya Tarasenko . However , the Bulgarian Defense Ministry has denied this information .
Germany 's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit , no change seen
MESEBERG , Germany , June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19 , as planned , saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week 's parliamentary election in Britain .
* KOSPI index down 1.7 pct , foreigners sell
* Korean won lowest since Dec. versus U.S. dollar
* South Korea bond yields were up
SEOUL , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Round-up of South Korean financial markets : * * South Korea 's KOSPI stock index weakened to more than two-week lows on Friday while the Korean won skidded to its lowest in six weeks . Bond yields rose .
* * Both the benchmark index and the currency were hammered by heavy foreign selling , especially in the tech sector . The sub-index for electric and electronics shares tumbled 3.9 percent with market heavyweight Samsung Electronics skidding 4.3 percent . They have been net sellers for four consecutive sessions , offloading about 1.5 trillion won ( $ 1.39 billion ) worth of local equities during that period . * * At 06:30 GMT , the KOSPI was down 43.15 points or 1.68 percent at 2,525.39 . The index fell 1.9 percent for the week , its biggest weekly percentage loss since early December . * * The won was quoted at 1,079.7 per dollar on the onshore settlement platform , 0.72 percent weaker than its previous close at 1,071.9 . The currency declined 1.5 percent on a weekly basis , marking the biggest losses since last August . * * In offshore trading , the won was quoted at 1,079.43 per dollar , down 0.89 percent from the previous day , while in one-year non-deliverable forwards it fetched 1,069.35 per dollar . * * MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.33 percent , after U.S. stocks ended the previous session mostly lower . Japanese stocks weakened 0.9 percent . * * The KOSPI is up around 4.1 percent so far this year , and up by 3.49 percent in the previous 30 days . * * The current price-to-earnings ratio is 12.10 , the dividend yield is 1.28 percent and the market capitalisation is 1,242.04 trillion won . * * The trading volume during the session on the KOSPI index was 476,479,000 shares , and of the total traded issues of 886 , the number of advancing shares was 220 . * * Foreigners were net sellers of 464,233 million won worth of shares . * * The U.S dollar has risen 1.22 percent against the won this year . The won 's high for the year is 1,056.67 per dollar on January 14 and low is 1,081 on Feb. 2 . * * In money and debt markets , March futures on three-year treasury bonds fell 0.01 points to 107.51 . * * The Korean 3-month Certificate of Deposit benchmark rate was quoted at 1.65 percent , unchanged from its previous close , while the benchmark 3-year Korean treasury bond yielded 2.267 percent , higher than the previous day 's 2.25 percent . ( $ 1 = 1,079.7100 won ) ( Reporting by Dahee Kim ; Editing by Shri Navaratnam )
Two huge road accidents have taken place in northern India , with police saying that the death toll may increase .
At least 15 people were killed in two road accidents that took place in the state of Uttar Pradesh in northern India within the past 24 hours , the Hindustan Times reported .
According to media , at least 10 people have been killed , more than 12 seriously injured as a result of a truck collision with a tractor in the Mirzapur district near the Agriculture Science Center , with at least five people are in critical condition and police announcing that the death toll might increase .
Another collision which took place in Mathura has reportedly caused the deaths of five more people when a car heading to a wedding ceremony was hit by a bus carrying a marriage party , with a motorcycle with two riders ramming into the back of the bus .
15 killed in two road accidents in Uttar Pradesh https : //t.co/sNHzOLBDel pic.twitter.com/ODpukLp6vj — Hindustan Times ( @ htTweets ) 11 декабря 2017 г .
Four people have died on the site , while one more has died in a health center , with at least two people still in critical condition .
Posted by admin on April 17 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Time lapse video of the Yamal LNG plant construction from Russian natural gas giant Novatek .
A Russian competitor to Alaska 's proposed LNG pipeline loaded its first cargo last week . The trading arm of Malaysia 's Petronas bought its first shipment .
Russian gas giant Novatek reported that Russian President Vladimir Putin traveled to the remote Arctic Yamal Peninsula for the ceremonial opening of the plant .
The $ 27 billion liquefied natural gas project is heavily funded by partners in China . It is coming online in stages . When completed , it will be almost as large as the Alaska LNG project .
Last week , Alaska Gasline Development Corporation President Keith Meyer said that Russia 's project is competition .
“ No question about it . And Russia is close to China , they 're building pipelines , ” Meyer said . “ So , they will be getting supply from Russia . Russia now has an Arctic project and they 're talked about more . ”
But , they said Alaska has an edge .
“ When a large utility looks at Russia versus Alaska , again Alaska stands pretty tall from a reliability and certainty standpoint and a supply security standpoint , ” Meyer said .
Meyer said Sinopec , a Chinese oil and gas company that has signed an agreement to explore Alaska 's LNG project , also has a deal on a pipeline to deliver gas from Russia .
Justin Trudeau is holding a town hall at Vancouver Island University today and their comments on the Kinder Morgan pipeline have drawn the ire of many island residents .
Trudeau vowed that the Kinder Morgan pipeline would go ahead and that 's one of the reasons protesters are digging in at V.I.U . ahead of the town hall today .
Brian Senft with the Dogwood Initiative is protesting at V.I.U . and says this pipeline is a ticking time bomb and when it goes off , B.C . will suffer .
Yesterday , the Prime Minister commented that the Kinder Morgan pipeline “ will be built ” and that has caused anger among British Columbians .
Senft goes on to say that Trudeau is nothing more than a puppet and big corporations are pulling the strings .
The doors opened at 9 a.m. , the town hall goes at 11 a.m. and runs until 1 p.m .
New results suggest that a technique called hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation may be effective , and safer than previously thought .
The method : Chemotherapy is used to destroy a patient 's faulty immune system . Then stem cells from the patient 's blood and bone marrow are infused to help rebuild it . The approach is being used to treat relapsing remitting MS , where patients have spells without symptoms before succumbing to the illness again .
The news : The BBC says that 100 patients from America , the UK , Sweden , and Brazil were divided into groups given either the therapy or drugs . One stem-cell patient relapsed with MS inside a year , compared with 39 in the drug group . Members of the stem-cell group also found that their symptoms eased , whereas they got worse in those taking drugs .
Why it matters : MS affects an estimated 2.5 million people worldwide . Patient deaths previously suggested that the new $ 40,000 treatment was riskier than regular therapy . This study suggests that might not be the case .
TWO men have been charged over a burglary in Alkimos last night .
It 's alleged a man tried to kick in a door at a home on Pangolin Grove about 6pm on Saturday but failed and instead removed a glass window pane to break into the property .
Two men allegedly entered the home and took a number of items and put them in a car .
A resident , who was inside at the time , was able to ring police from a room .
Police attended a short time later and arrested three men .
Gang Crime Detectives have charged two men with aggravated burglary and stealing , a 36-year-old man of no fixed address and a 43-year-old man from Pearsall .
Both men are due to appear in Perth Magistrates Court today . The third person has been released , pending further enquiries .
Police are responding to a “ massive explosion ” reported at a UPS freight facility in Lexington , Kentucky after a group of propane tanks exploded Wednesday morning .
Police have units on Athens Boonesboro at Blue Sky Pkwy due to an explosion reported in the area . Traffic is flowing , but slow down and use caution . — lexwrecks ( @ lexwrecks ) May 30 , 2018
An eyewitness told LEX 18 reporter Claire Crouch that a “ massive explosion ” had ripped through the facility .
“ I just spoke with a witness who says it was a MASSIVE explosion , ” Crouch wrote . “ It shook their building and caused things to fall from the ceiling . They say it appeared part of the roof from the UPS facility nearby had been blown off . They never saw smoke or fire . We have crews on the scene . ”
I just spoke with a witness who says it was a MASSIVE explosion . It shook their building and caused things to fall from the ceiling . They say it appeared part of the roof from the UPS facility nearby had been blown off . They never saw smoke or fire . We have crews on the scene . https : //t.co/Dgkp7CJctL — Claire Crouch ( @ clairecrouch ) May 30 , 2018
The Fire Department 's Emergency Medical Services bus just pulled in to the UPS facility off Blue Sky Parkway @ LEX18News pic.twitter.com/fsq4kp1Crf — Conroy Delouche ( @ ConroyDelouche ) May 30 , 2018
According to WKYT , two people were hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries , while ten more are currently undergoing medical evaluations .
Out at UPS Freight on Blue Sky Parkway . Around 20 emergency crews have responded to an explosion . Looks like it happened at the rear of the business . pic.twitter.com/T1pIPKR6gX — HLpublicsafety ( @ HLpublicsafety ) May 30 , 2018
Lexington Police are asking residents to steer clear of the scene .
Police and @ LexKYFire responding to large explosion on Blue Sky Pkwy . We will provide more details when we have accurate info . For now please avoid area if possible . — Lexington Police ( @ lexkypolice ) May 30 , 2018
Incident at Blue Sky Pkwy involves what appears to be accidental explosion at UPS facility . @ LexKYFire handling the scene and will provide additional information . pic.twitter.com/IsTIWG4nCi — Lexington Police ( @ lexkypolice ) May 30 , 2018
Presently , local fire department officials say there is “ nothing suspicious ” about the blast .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Lotto ' game
ROCKY HILL , Conn. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Connecticut Lottery 's `` Lotto '' game were :
14-15-21-22-28-40
( fourteen , fifteen , twenty-one , twenty-two , twenty-eight , forty )
Estimated jackpot : $ 3.7 million
Catalan secessionists were working on Friday towards a unilateral declaration of independence from Spain that could be adopted next week in defiance of a court order and increased economic pressure from Madrid .
After Spain 's Constitutional Court suspended a session of the Catalan regional parliament set for Monday , which had been expected to endorse an independence declaration , the parliament said the region 's pro-independence leader Carles Puigdemont had asked to address the assembly on Tuesday .
Madrid apologized for the first time on Friday for police use of violence in trying to hinder a weekend referendum it had declared illegal . That crackdown raised the temperature of a confrontation that has grown into the worst political crisis for decades in Spain .
A Catalan legislator was quoted by El Mundo newspaper as saying secessionist parties in the Catalan parliament were discussing an independence declaration to be submitted to the assembly next Tuesday .
“ We are in talks about a text , with paper and pencil , on the declaration that we want the regional parliament to accept on Tuesday , ” Carles Riera , a lawmaker from the pro-independence CUP ( Popular Unity Candidacy ) , was quoted as saying .
“ Nobody has put forward any scenario of delay , ambiguity or confusion . We are not working on that scenario , ” they said .
The Catalan parliament announced Puigdemont would speak at a plenary session beginning at 6 p.m. on Tuesday .
The stakes are high for the euro zone 's fourth-largest economy . Catalonia is the source of a huge chunk of its tax revenue and hosts multinationals from carmaker Volkswagen to drugs firm AstraZeneca ( AZN.L ) .
The Catalan region 's head of foreign affairs , Raul Romeva , told the BBC earlier that the Catalan parliament intended to make a decision on independence , without specifying when .
“ Parliament will discuss , parliament will meet . It will be a debate and this is important , ” Romeva said .
The Spanish government stepped up economic pressure on the Catalan government on Friday by passing a law to make it easier for companies to move their operations around the country , potentially dealing a blow to the region 's finances .
RELOCATIONS
Several of the region 's biggest companies , including Sabadell ( SABE.MC ) , Spain 's fifth-largest lender , have already announced plans to move their registered offices elsewhere in Spain .
Catalonia-based utility Gas Natural ( GAS.MC ) said its board decided on Friday to move its registered office to Madrid for as long as the legal uncertainty in Catalonia continued . The board of Caixabank ( CABK.MC ) , Catalonia 's biggest company , was due to meet on Friday to study a possible transfer of its legal base , a source familiar with the situation said .
Spain made a conciliatory gesture in apologizing for Sunday 's referendum violence , where Spanish police used batons and rubber bullets to stop people voting . The scenes brought worldwide condemnation and fanned separatist feeling but failed to prevent what the Catalan government described as an overwhelming yes vote .
“ When I see these images , and more so when I know people have been hit , pushed and even one person who was hospitalized , I ca n't help but regret it and apologize on behalf of the officers that intervened , ” Enric Millo , the Spanish government 's representative in Catalonia , said in a television interview .
The apology came after the Catalan newspaper La Vanguardia quoted sources in Puigdemont 's party as saying a unilateral declaration of independence could be delayed if Madrid made a “ gesture ” , such as withdrawing some Spanish police reinforcements from the region .
CALLS FOR MEDIATION
Amid calls from many groups , including Barcelona soccer club , for a mediated solution to the standoff , Swiss state broadcaster RTS said neutral Switzerland was ready to provide a platform for dialogue between the Spanish government and Catalonia .
The foreign ministry in Bern said Switzerland was in touch with Spain and Catalonia but conditions for talks were not yet ripe .
Puigdemont has called for international mediation to find a way out of the impasse . Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has offered all-party political talks to find a solution , opening the door to a deal giving Catalonia more autonomy , but only if the Catalan government gives up any independence ambitions .
“ You ca n't hold talks if people are outside the law , ” Spanish government spokesperson Inigo Mendez de Vigo told reporters after the weekly cabinet meeting .
Secession could fuel separatist-nationalist divisions across the rest of Spain , which only this year saw ETA guerrillas in the northern Basque region lay down their arms after a campaign lasting almost half a century .
Spanish ruling-party lawmakers say Rajoy is considering invoking the constitution to dissolve the regional parliament and force fresh Catalan elections if the region 's government goes ahead with an independence declaration .
Romeva 's remarks about the Catalan parliament pressing ahead with an independence debate hit Spanish stocks and bonds , including shares in the region 's two largest banks , Caixabank and Sabadell .
In a separate development that could raise tensions , Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero appeared in Spain 's High Court on Friday to answer accusations they committed sedition by failing to enforce a court ban on holding the referendum .
Unlike national police , Catalonia 's force , the Mossos d ‘ Esquadra , did not use force to prevent people voting . Trapero has emerged as a hero for the pro-independence movement .
Spanish Economy Minister Luis de Guindos told Reuters in an interview on Thursday the turmoil was damaging Catalonia , an industrial and tourism powerhouse .
Opinion polls conducted before the vote suggest a minority of around 40 percent of residents in Catalonia back independence . But a majority wanted a referendum to be held , and the violent police crackdown angered Catalans across the divide .
Catalan officials released preliminary referendum results showing 90 percent support in favor of breaking away . But turnout was only about 43 percent as Catalans who favor remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot .
BARCELONA , Spain — The worse version of Real Madrid was back on Saturday when it slumped to 2-2 at Levante , dropping more points in the Spanish league .
Madrid appeared to have taken control through Francisco `` Isco '' Alarcon 's goal in the 81st minute , but Giampaolo Pazzini equalized on their debut for Levante with two minutes remaining to split the points .
The result left Madrid in fourth place and 18 points behind leader Barcelona , and erased all signs of the improvement Zinedine Zidane 's team showed in consecutive wins in La Liga .
Madrid 's latest slip comes just 11 days before its highly anticipated match with Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League round of 16 .
Out of reach of the Liga title and eliminated from the Copa del Rey , Madrid 's season rides on defending its European title .
`` We know that the league is almost impossible , but we need to finish well in the league because it builds our confidence , '' Madrid midfielder Casemiro said . `` We know how important the games against Paris are . ''
Madrid went ahead in the 11th through Sergio Ramos ' header , but Levante striker Emmanuel Boateng scored from the edge of the area to make it 1-1 three minutes before halftime .
Levante , which also drew at Madrid 1-1 in September , was three points above the relegation zone .
By Joseph Wilson , The Associated Press
P-Bruins news release ...
Providence , RI – The Providence Bruins defeated the Hartford Wolf Pack in overtime Friday night 2-1 in the first game of their home-and-home series . The P-Bruins got both of their goals from Austin Czarnik while Zane McIntyre made their 27th start of the season in net .
The Providence offense was as dominant as could be without scoring a goal , applying pressure and getting multiple quality chances . At one point in the opening period , they held a 14-2 shot advantage and finished the period doubling the Wolf Pack 's shot total . Their best chance 14 minutes in when Emil Johansson rang the iron with a slap-shot , but after 20 minutes it remained a scoreless game .
The P-Bruins continued to lead in the shot department , but Hartford was the team that cracked the scoreboard first at 8:19 . Adam Tambellini skated the puck up to the left dot and sent a centering feed towards net . Ryan Sproul came flying in up the right side and tapped home the pass backdoor for their seventh goal of the season .
Providence , who held a 31-15 shot advantage after two periods , finally broke through against Wolf Pack goaltender Alexandar Georgiev with 2:30 left in the second . While on the power play , Czarnik created traffic in front by firing three consecutive shots on Georgiev . Their persistence paid off , as the third shot hit the back of the net for their 12th goal of the season as Providence entered the break knotted 1-1 .
After a scoreless third period , Czarnik ended the game in style with just 25 seconds left in overtime . While on a 4-on-3 power play , Jordan Szwarz camped out with the puck in the right slot and sent a centering pass across the crease .
All Czarnik needed to do was tap it in at the doorstep for their 13th goal of the season and second of the night , giving Providence a hard fought 2-1 victory .
McIntyre stopped 20 of 21 shots while Georgiev stopped 48 of 50 . Providence was 2-6 on the power play and 0-2 on the penalty kill . The P-Bruins conclude their weekend of play and their home-and-home series tomorrow night in Hartford when they take on the Wolf Pack again at 7pm .
A Bombardier logo is pictured on the company booth during the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition ( EBACE ) at Cointrin airport in Geneva , Switzerland , May 24 , 2016 . REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
MONTREAL/QUEBEC CITY Bombardier Inc ( BBDb.TO ) should reflect on pay raises of up to 50 percent for its senior executives in light of a public backlash over company layoffs of thousands of employees , Quebec 's economy minister said on Thursday .
Total compensation for the Canadian plane and train maker 's top five executives and board chairperson rose to $ 32.7 million in 2016 , up from $ 21.9 million a year earlier , according to a proxy circular published on Wednesday ahead of Bombardier 's May 11 annual meeting .
In 2016 , Bombardier announced two rounds of layoffs totaling 14,500 people over two years at sites around the world . Bombardier has said it will still hire for certain programs .
`` If I was Bombardier , I would reflect on the message they are getting from the public , '' Economy Minister Dominique Anglade said in provincial parliament , as angry Quebecers took to social media and popular talk shows on Thursday to denounce the raises .
In an email , Bombardier spokesperson Simon Letendre said the higher compensation reflects management 's success in hitting the company 's 2016 targets . They said a large proportion of executive remuneration is tied to performance or to share price appreciation .
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , pressed to comment on the issue at a news conference in Brampton , Ontario , said , “ We respect the free market and choices companies will make , but we also have a responsibility to ensure the investments we make with taxpayers ' dollars are leading to good jobs and growth. ” They did not elaborate .
Bombardier 's chief executive officer , Alain Bellemare , who launched a five-year turnaround plan , earned almost $ 9.5 million last year , up from $ 6.4 million in 2015 .
Bombardier , which was forced to consider bankruptcy in 2015 after facing a cash crunch while developing two new planes , received a $ 1 billion investment from Quebec that year in its CSeries jets . In February , it got C $ 372.5 million in loans from Canada 's federal government .
`` Bellemare did a good job last year , ” said Michel Nadeau , executive director of the Institute for Governance of Private and Public Organizations . “ But I think they should wait ( for raises ) until the company is doing better . ''
Nadeau said the 36 percent raise secured by Bombardier 's executive chairperson and former CEO , Pierre Beaudoin , to $ 5.2 million was out of line with Canadian industry norms . Beaudoin is a member of Bombardier 's founding family that controls the company .
`` I think the shareholders have the right to know why they are being paid $ 5 million , ” Nadeau said .
Canada 's second largest pension fund , Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec , has invested $ 1.5 billion for a 30 percent stake in Bombardier 's rail division . A Caisse spokesperson said the fund considers `` the importance of a strong link between performance and compensation '' in all its investments , including Bombardier .
( Reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal and Kevin Dougherty in Quebec City ; Additional reporting by David Ljunggren ; Editing by Leslie Adler and Cynthia Osterman )
[ India ] , June 15 ( ANI ) : The Shiv Sena , in its mouthpiece Saamna , has slammed Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan over the recent Mandsaur fiasco .
In the editorial titled 'This is not right , ' Saamna outlined the tense situation that has engulfed the Mandsaur district of Madhya Pradesh .
The Shiv Sena asserted that something like Mandsaur , if happens in Maharashtra , the State Government may face drastic consequences .
`` If something like Mandsaur happens in Maharshtra , the state government may face the drastic consequences , because the Shiv Sena fully supports the farmers , ' the article reads .
The Shiv Sena also supported Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi and Gujarat 's Patidar quota stir leader Hardik Patel 's visit to Mandsaur , both of who were later detained . `` In a democratic nation , a man is allowed to visit any affected area to meet the victim 's family and express concern , '' the article adds . In an earlier editorial titled 'First bullet , then fast , ' Saamna had said , `` Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister is following the footsteps of Mahatma Gandhi . Shivraj ji was deemed as the idle chief minister . Despite welfare policies for farmers , women and common people , the farmers staged protest and five lost their lives . '' Mandsaur became the epicenter of a farmers ' agitation over the demand for loan waivers and better prices for their produce . During the agitation , six farmers were gunned down by the police , thereby drawing criticism from political parties . The situation forced the district officials to impose Section 144 , and restricted prominent personalities from visiting the violence-hit district . A number of political leaders and social activists tried to visit Mandsaur but the police did n't let them enter the area . Section 144 was later removed ahead of MP Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan 's visit to the families of the deceased farmers . Meanwhile , the state government has issued a notification for the judicial probe of the Mandsaur violence . ( ANI )
Scroll for more content ...
President Donald Trump says a GOP memo declassified on Friday `` totally vindicates '' them in the Russia probe .
In a Saturday morning tweet , Trump denied any collusion or obstruction and called the investigation `` an American disgrace . ''
`` This memo totally vindicates 'Trump ' in probe , '' Trump tweeted Saturday morning . `` But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! ''
On Friday , Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by GOP House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority .
The highly controversial memo alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought for a Trump campaign aide without a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia . The memo is the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI 's investigation into Trump and Russia , alleging that the investigation was infused with an anti-Trump bias under the Obama administration and supported with political opposition research .
The memo tries to connect what Republicans believe was a flawed application to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page to the overall counterintelligence investigation into potential collusion between Russians and the Republican campaign .
But the memo undermines its own argument about the application being overly reliant on the dossier . It notes that the application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos , suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier in the Page application .
A former senior national security official told CNN that the President 's tweet on Saturday shows they acted for `` personal purposes . ''
`` As a public servant I was taught to never take official action for personal gain . That is exactly what our president has done , '' the former official said . `` He personally ordered the declassification of the memo , not for political purposes , but for personal purposes . The proof of that is their claim that they have now been 'vindicated ' by the memo . In my view this conflict of interest is the real story . Not the memo itself , which does n't contain much we did n't already know . ''
The FBI issued a rare public warning on Wednesday that the GOP memo omits key information that could impact its veracity . Democrats , meanwhile , have slammed the memo as an inaccurate and misleading portrait intended to undermine Mueller 's probe and disputed what the memo concluded about McCabe 's testimony on the dossier as the basis for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant .
There are currently several investigations into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia , but Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 election .
Reunions are the time for Housewives to bring their glam A-game — and Beverly Hills star Lisa Rinna did just that !
For the three-part season 8 reunion , the actor , 54 , brought back a hairstyle from nearly a decade ago that may be recognizable to some .
“ I love your hair , Lisa , ” moderator and executive producer Andy Cohen told Rinna on Tuesday evening 's episode as they also asked , “ Have we seen this before ? ”
“ You 've seen it in Playboy if you 've seen Playboy . That 's the last time I did it , 10 years ago , ” the mother of two said about their May 2009 cover .
“ It 's super cute ! ” Cohen added .
RELATED : Lisa Rinna Claps Back at Negative Comment on Them Makeup-Free Selfie
Isabella Vosmikova/Bravo
Looking for more style content ? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts , can't-live-without beauty products and more .
Playboy
Rinna 's reunion hair was courtesy of stylist Scott King , who used Hidden Crown Hair Clip Ins for their look .
Speaking of Playboy , Rinna previously celebrated the publication 's reversal of its decision to discontinue nude pictorials by posting their own skin-flashing selfie in February 2017 .
“ It 's back . I got scared then I said I 'm 53 — zero f—s given ! Cheers to @ playboy for going back to nudes . The female body is so beautiful , every size and every age . Be proud ! ” the former soap star wrote .
RELATED : Hot Mama ! Lisa Rinna , 54 , Shows Off Them Fit Frame While Wearing Lacy Black Bikini
RELATED GALLERY : The Best Makeup-Free Moments from the Real Housewives
While fans of Rinna know them for rocking short hair , the wife of Harry Hamlin previously shocked Bravo viewers in January when they debuted longer locks and showed off the style exclusively to PEOPLE before revealing it to the world on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen .
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
“ The last time I grew my hair out was when I had Delilah Belle . So , 19 years ago ! It was time , what the hell ! ” said Rinna , who shares daughters Delilah Bella , 19 , and Amelia Gray , 16 , with Hamlin . “ I think spending the last two years with Erika Janye has rubbed off on me . It really has . They have the most fabulous hairdos . ”
Of course , hair does not go from bob to long locks overnight , so Rinna 's new look was thanks to 14 inches of Hidden Crown Hair clip-in extensions .
Part two of the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills reunion continues Tuesday ( 9 p.m . ET ) on Bravo .
0 Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West meets with Trump over prison reform
WASHINGTON , D.C. - Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West met with President Donald Trump Wednesday at the White House for a discussion on sentencing guidelines and prison reform , according to social media posts from both Trump and Kardashian West .
> > Read more trending news
“ Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing , ” Trump said in a tweet with a picture of the two in the Oval Office .
Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing . pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
Kardashian West responded , also on Twitter , thanking Trump for the meeting .
“ It is our hope that the president will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time , non-violent drug offense , ” they said .
“ We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson 's future and hopeful that they – and so many like them – will get a second chance at life , ” Kardashian West said in a second tweet on the issue .
I would like to thank President Trump for their time this afternoon . It is our hope that the President will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time , non-violent drug offense . — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) May 31 , 2018
We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson 's future and hopeful that they —and so many like her—will get a second chance at life . — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) May 31 , 2018
Kardashian West has been campaigning for the release of Johnson , a 63-year-old grandmother , who was sentenced to life in prison in 1997 after their conviction on charges related to a cocaine trafficking operation in Memphis , Tennessee , according to news reports .
Johnson has already spent more than two decades behind bars .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
By Ken Bell
kbell @ abc6.com
As the Super Bowl approaches , ABC6 Sports Director went one-on-one with Patriots fullback and former Brown star James Develin .
It has emerged that the joint position on Brexit agreed in an article by Philip Hammond and Liam Fox was not even cleared with Brexit Secretary David Davis .
The Chancellor and Trade Secretary wrote a joint article for The Sunday Telegraph calling for a time-limited transition after Brexit that would involve leaving both the single market and customs union .
However , David Davis is reported to have said during an event in Edinburgh that the article was not `` cleared '' with them and that any transition should be driven by practicalities rather than ideology .
Even this apparent show of cabinet unity has now descended into confusion and division .
We have a government Brexit position that has not even been cleared with the Brexit Secretary .
It 's a complete farce .
How can the government publish a position paper when it has no clear position and the Prime Minister is still on holiday ?
Sensible MPs must work together to prevent this chaotic hard Brexit and defend British jobs and prosperity .
* Spot gold still targets $ 1,239/oz - Technicals * Speculators cut net longs in gold , silver in week to Dec. 5 ( Adds comment , updates prices ) By Apeksha Nair Dec 11 ( Reuters ) - Gold prices ticked up amid a softer dollar on Monday , but lacked impetus to push higher weighed by expectations of an increase in interest rates in the United States . Spot gold was up 0.2 percent at $ 1,249.90 an ounce , as of 0751 GMT , after hitting its lowest since July 26 at $ 1,243.71 last week . U.S. gold futures were 0.3 percent higher at $ 1,251.70 . The dollar gave up some early gains on Monday , but losses were limited as stronger-than-expected U.S. jobs data and expectations of higher interest rates in the United States provided underlying support . U.S. employment data on Friday showed jobs increased in November , painting a portrait of a healthy economy that analysts say does not require the kind of fiscal stimulus that President Donald Trump is proposing , even though wage gains remain moderate . `` Expectations this week are that bullion will hold a narrow range into Wednesday 's FOMC rates decision , while following Friday 's stronger than expected U.S. jobs data we see a 90 percent chance that interest rates will be raised , with the potential that gold may extend recent weakness toward $ 1,200 '' MKS PAMP trader Sam Laughlin said in a note . The Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates at its two-day policy meeting starting on Tuesday , and provide outlook on further rate hikes next year . Higher U.S. rates tend to boost the dollar and push bond yields up , putting pressure on greenback-denominated , non-yielding gold . `` Gold will remain under further modest pressure . .. However , any decline is expected to be modest as the rate rise is largely anticipated , '' said John Sharma , an economist with National Australia Bank . Meanwhile , newly launched bitcoin futures on the Chicago-based CBOE Global Markets exchange and shot above $ 18,000 on Monday , having opened at $ 15,460 . `` It seems that the bitcoin mania has swept a lot of investors . However , the recent spike in volatility of bitcoin futures might lure investors away from the cryptocurrency and into gold , '' Sharma said . The United States , Japan and South Korea will hold two days of missile tracking drills starting on Monday , Japan 's Maritime Self-Defence Force said , as tensions rise in the region over North Korea 's fast-developing weapons programmes . Spot gold still targets $ 1,239 per ounce , Reuters technicals analyst Wang Tao said . Hedge funds and money managers sharply reduced their net long positions in COMEX gold and silver contracts in the week to Dec. 5 , U.S. data showed on Friday . Meanwhile , silver was down 0.1 percent at $ 15.82 . Platinum rose 0.3 percent to $ 890 an ounce , after touching its lowest since February 2016 last week , while palladium was 0.2 percent higher at $ 1,008.50 . ( Reporting by Apeksha Nair in Bengaluru ; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu and Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
SEARCH
WASHINGTON | After more than a week of partisan bickering and social media-fueled buildup , the # releasethememo crowd got their wish .
President Donald Trump declassified it . The GOP majority of the House intelligence committee released it . And the public dissection of the four-page , GOP-authored document began .
Here are a few key takeaways :
WHAT 'S THE GIST ?
The memo makes a series of allegations of misconduct on the part of the FBI and the Justice Department in obtaining a warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , or FISA , to monitor former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page .
Specifically , it takes aim at the FBI 's use of information from a former British spy , Christopher Steele , who compiled a collection of memos containing several allegations of ties between Trump , their associates and Russia .
President Donald Trump speaks with reporters about allowing the release of a secret memo on the FBI 's role in the Russia inquiry , during a meeting with North Korean defectors in the Oval Office of the White House , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , in Washington . ( AP Photo/Evan Vucci ) A intelligence memo is photographed in Washington , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . After President Donald Trump declassified the memo , the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee released it based on classified information that alleges the FBI abused U.S. government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference . ( AP Photo/Susan Walsh ) Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein listen the national anthem during the opening of the summit on Efforts to Combat Human Trafficking at Department of Justice in Washington , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . President Donald Trump , dogged by an unrelenting investigation into their campaign 's ties to Russia , lashes out at the FBI and Justice Department as politically biased ahead of the expected release of a classified Republican memo criticizing FBI surveillance tactics . ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana )
The memo says the FBI and the Justice Department did n't tell the FISA court enough about Steele 's role in an opposition research effort . The research was funded by Democrat Hillary Clinton through a Washington law firm .
The document also takes aim at several senior FBI and Justice Department officials . Among them is former Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr , who it says knew of Steele 's anti-Trump leanings and whose wife worked at the firm behind the opposition research effort .
WHAT 'S NEW ?
The memo provides the first formal government confirmation of the secret FISA warrant and that Page was the person being monitored .
Information like that is ordinarily considered among the most tightly held national security information , and it almost never gets released to the public .
Though the memo takes issue with the FBI 's methods , it also confirms that the FBI and Justice Department believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over .
The memo fills in the timeline of the Russia investigation , showing that Page was under surveillance for months .
According to the memo , the Justice Department and FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page on Oct. 21 , 2016 , and then had it reauthorized three additional times .
Given that FISA warrants must be renewed every 90 days , the memo indicates that the government monitored Page 's communications for nearly a year .
IT STARTED WITH PAPADOPOULOS
The whole Russia investigation , that is .
According to the memo , information about former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos “ triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016 . ”
That 's significant because Trump and their allies in the GOP have tried to undermine the Russia investigation by saying it all stems from the Steele dossier .
The memo does n't provide further details about the information the FBI received about Papadopoulos . But it appears to confirm in part reporting by The New York Times late last year that FBI concerns about Papadopoulos started the investigation .
Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI last year . Court papers show they had several contacts with people representing themselves as being tied to the Russian government starting in the spring of 2016 .
Court papers show that Papadopoulos learned the Russians had “ dirt ” on Hillary Clinton in the form of “ thousands of emails ” prior to that information becoming public .
THE FBI DID USE INFORMATION FROM STEELE , THOUGH
The memo says Steele 's collection of reports “ formed an essential part ” of the FISA application for Page , but it does n't specify exactly what information was used or how much .
It also says that the FISA application relied on a September 2016 Yahoo News article , and claims that the information in the article also came from Steele .
The document quotes former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe as telling the House intelligence committee in December that “ no surveillance warrant would have been sought ” from the FISA court “ without the Steele dossier information . ”
According to the memo , the application also included “ Steele 's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters . ”
NO UNDERLYING INFORMATION RELEASED
The accuracy of the memo is hard to assess because the majority of the underlying contents are classified or confidential .
The memo cites an initial FISA warrant application — a document which usually has dozens of pages — as well as three additional renewals by the court . None of those documents are public .
The same is true of the transcripts of the committee 's closed-door interviews with McCabe and other senior FBI officials who had contact with Steele .
On Friday , the committee 's ranking Democrat , Rep. Adam Schiff of California , took issue with the memo 's characterization of McCabe 's comments , saying the former FBI deputy director was speaking generally about how any FISA application relies on “ each and every component ” included .
But the committee 's chairperson , Rep. Devin Nunes of California , said late Friday on Fox News the description of McCabe 's comments is “ a summation of a long interview and that 's definitely what they said. ” They noted that other witnesses have said “ similar things . ”
‘ MINIMALLY CORROBORATED '
It 's been a burning question ever since the dossier was published by Buzzfeed News last year : How much did the FBI corroborate ?
According to the memo , not much at the time the FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page . The memo cites FBI Assistant Director Bill Priestap as saying FBI corroboration of the dossier was in its “ infancy ” when the court authorized the first FISA warrant .
It also says an “ independent unit ” in the FBI conducted a “ source validation report ” on Steele 's reporting and found it “ only minimally corroborated . ”
But without the underlying documents or transcripts of Priestap 's testimony , it 's hard to judge the accuracy of the memo 's description .
Follow Chad Day on Twitter : https : //www.twitter.com/ChadSDay
BEYONCE looked amazing as they posed for a series of pictures aboard a private jet with husband Jay-Z .
The 36-year-old singer showed off their incredible figure in a pair of hot pants and thigh high boots .
They teamed the shorts , which highlighted their famous bum , with a loose grey T-shirt and a large belt that accentuated their slim waist .
Camera Icon Beyonce shows off their amazing hot pants in new photos . Picture : Beyonce.com Picture : Supplied
Them hair was worn poker straight , and looking as cool as ever , they kept their shades on as they posed for a number of pics .
The mum-of-three was clearly feeling their look as they shared a series of images showing the outfit from all angles .
Jay-Z , 48 , opted for a simpler look wearing a pair of white combat trousers and a simple white top , with orange cap .
Their trip comes just weeks after the rapper finally admitted cheating on them after years of speculation .
Jay had dropped hints they had been unfaithful on album 4.44 and Beyonce touched on their infidelity on Lemonade but it was never confirmed .
But in a tell-all chat with the New York Times , Jay-Z reveals they shut down their emotions and pushed their wife away when they addressed issues from their past .
They said : “ You have to survive . So you go into survival mode , and when you go into survival mode , what happens ? You shut down all emotions .
“ So , even with women , you gon na shut down emotionally , so you ca n't connect . … In my case , like , it 's deep . And then all the things happen from there : infidelity . ”
The hip hop legend has n't named the woman they cheated with , but Beyonce called them “ Becky with the good hair ” in Lemonade .
They also revealed in the candid interview that they came close to leaving their wife of nine years but the couple , who have three children together , were helped by therapy .
Jay-Z said : “ You know , most people walk away , and , like , divorce rate is like 50 per cent or something 'cause most people ca n't see themselves
“ The hardest thing is seeing pain on someone 's face that you caused , and then have to deal with yourself . ”
This story originally appeared in The Sun and has been republished with permission .
Provincial administration has warned anyone with intentions to demonstrate over removal of street vendors and demolition of illegal structures in Chipata that they will be arrested .
Permanent Secretary Chanda Kasolo says that they have information that some people are intending to carry out protests at their office .
Speaking during a live radio programme dubbed “ The Voice ” on Breeze FM this morning , Mr. Kasolo says that rules have to be followed because they came to Eastern Province to work and not to make themselves popular .
And Mr. Kasolo says that Chipata City Council and the mayor do not have authority to discipline or summon management from Eastern Water and Sewerage Company .
Mr. Kasolo says that only the permanent secretary has authority to discipline any person working in the civil service and parastatals in Eastern Province .
They say that according to the reporting lines , the mayor reports directly to the provincial minister and minister of local government while the town clerk and their executive officers report to the provincial local government officer , who then reports to them as provincial permanent secretary .
Mr. Kasolo explained that this was among the reasons why Provincial Minister , Makebi Zulu advised Eastern Water and Sewerage Company Managing Director , Lyton Kanowa against appearing at the council when they were summoned over the demolition of houses .
Meanwhile Mr. Kasolo revealed that lack of funds has made it difficult for their office to fight the illegal mining taking place in various parts of the province .
They stated that they were directed by the minister of mines to flash out all the illegal miners in Nyimba , Petauke , Lundazi and Vubwi districts .
CHAZ Mostert delivered BMW its first Bathurst 12 Hour pole position in over a decade .
A stunning Top 10 Shootout lap from the Supercars star delivered the first lap of the weekend in the two-minute , one-second bracket , their 2m01.93s lap over two tenths faster than provisional pole sitter Kelvin Van der Linde .
The triumph earns Mostert their maiden Allan Simonsen Trophy , the pole-winner 's award named in honour of the late Danish racer .
THE GRID : 2018 Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour
WATCH : Davison avoids disaster in 200km/h double spin
“ It 's pretty surreal ... for me it 's probably one of the best pole positions I 've ever got , ” Mostert told 7 .
“ We were close last year in the Pro-Am entry , but it 's great to get the pole this time with Schnitzer Motorsport . ”
While pole position may not mean much over a 12 hour race , it hands Mostert and teammates Marco Wittmann and Augusto Farfus a key advantage with the race beginning in the pre-dawn darkness .
“ It reduces the risk completely , ” they said .
“ In the dark here with the lights and stuff , the risk is much higher to end up out of the race . ”
A steady lap from Van der Linde puts the Jamec-Pem Audi they will share with Frederic Vervisch and multiple Bathurst 1000-winner Garth Tander alongside on the front row .
Luke Youlden was early star in the Shootout . Eighth fastest heading in , the reigning Bathurst 1000 champion piloted their Lamborghini fastest of all through the first sector to leap to the top spot for much of the session .
In the end , they were only bested by Mostert , Van der Linde and Christopher Haase in the second of the Jamec-Pem Audis to wind up fourth on the grid .
Going the other way was Australian Porsche factory rising star Matt Campbell , ruining their lap by running wide on the exit of Hell Corner to fall from provisional fourth to 10th on the grid .
Last year 's Bathurst 1000 pole sitter Scott McLaughlin wound up fifth , a slide in the Chase costing them precious tenths on a lap that was nonetheless half a second faster than their stunning Supercars record .
Cameron Waters made the most of their late elevation into the shootout , after the third-fastest BMW of Philipp Eng , Steven Richards and Timo Glock was excluded post-qualifying for a technical breach .
Waters moved from tail-end Charlie to sixth , while GT lap record holder Shane van Gisbergen was unable to repeat their 2016 qualifying heroics on their way to eighth .
Several big names missed out on a spot in the Top 10 Shootout in yesterday 's qualifying sessions .
Reigning race winner Jamie Whincup will start from 15th in the Mercedes they share with Kenny Habul , Tristan Vautier and Raffaele Marciello , while 2016 Bathurst 1000 winner Will Davison will start down in 18th , four spots ahead of last year 's victory David Reynolds ' Mercedes .
The race gets underway at 5:45am AEDT Sunday morning .
ON Friday last week , US President Donald Trump signed into law the Taiwan Travel Act .
It sounds innocuous enough .
But it 's prompted a major backlash from Beijing .
The prospect of improved relations between the ‘ black sheep ' of the Chinese family , Taiwan , and the United States is one it will not tolerate .
State-run media has responded with threats of ‘ military pressure ' .
RELATED : China promises ‘ you will suffer more ' in any conflict
“ China will and should take timely countermeasures against the US and all ‘ Taiwan independence ' secessionist forces through diplomatic and military means if US legislation that encourages high-level contact between the US and the island of Taiwan is implemented , ” Beijing 's state-controlled Global Times asserted .
It follows a move by President Trump in December to allow US warships to visit Taiwan on ‘ courtesy ' visits . China has stated such a military visit would be seen as a direct provocation that could provoke war .
Camera Icon A Chinese destroyer fires a missile during recent military exercises off Tawian . Picture : Supplied , Xinhua
HIGHWAY TO HELL ?
The Taiwan Travel Act appears to be a reversal to decades of international appeasement towards China 's assertions over Taiwan .
The United States abandoned diplomatic relations with the island nation in 1979 amid Communist China 's “ One China ” outrage at the idea Taiwan could be recognised as an independent democratic state .
Much of the rest of the Western world followed suit .
But , as of Saturday , Trump 's new travel act came into force .
It encourages a “ robust unofficial relationship ” through increased ties between the US and Taiwan at all levels , from tourism through to diplomats .
Beijing 's response has been forceful .
It will not tolerate acceptance of the self-ruled democracy as being anything other than its own province .
EXPLORE MORE : Can the US still contain China 's expansionist ambitions ?
Beijing 's Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council at the weekend issued a statement saying that the island will suffer serious consequences if it attempts to act on the US bill .
“ The passing of the act is a serious political provocation , as it has crossed the ‘ red line ' and will thoroughly undermine relations , ” The Global Times quotes retired China 's People 's Liberation Army major general Xu Guangyu as saying .
That ‘ red line ' is the prospect of formal independence .
“ If any ‘ Taiwan independence ' secessionist forces perceive the US bill as a ‘ pro-independence ' signal , the Chinese army will resume its military probes circling the island and send more military vessels and aeroplanes to patrol the Straits , ” US relations academic Liu Weidong is quoted as saying .
Camera Icon The sun rises over the aircraft carrier USS George Washington , the guided-missile destroyer USS McCampbell and the fleet replenishment oiler USNS Walter S. Diehl during a recent foray into the South China Sea . Picture : Supplied , US Navy
TAIWAN TRIGGER-POINT
It 's complicated .
Communist China insists Taiwan is its territory .
The island , which borders the East and South China Seas as well as the Pacific , was the last refuge of the Republic of China 's government after the Communist revolution in 1949 .
But its story goes back much further than that .
It was occupied by an indigenous people before Western traders enabled a mass Chinese emigration to the island in the 1800s . It was then annexed by the Qing dynasty of Chinese emperors . Japan seized the island in 1895 . The Republic of China took control of the island after World War II .
It 's been struggling to be recognised on the world stage as an independent democracy ever since . Beijing wo n't have a bar of it .
DELVE DEEPER : US-China wargames reveal devastating cost of conflict
The Chinese Foreign Ministry stated : “ We urge the US side to correct its mistake , stop pursuing any official ties with Taiwan or improving its current relations with Taiwan in any substantive way , and handle Taiwan-related issues properly and cautiously so as to avoid causing severe damage to the China-US relations and cross-Straits peace and stability . ”
Beijing believes it has the right to intervene in Taiwan militarily .
In 2005 , the Communist party passed a law enabling the use of ‘ non-peaceful means ' to prevent any moves by Taiwan to seek full independence .
Taiwan 's government has recently expressed deepening concern at increases of Chinese military activity around its borders . Combat aircraft , nuclear-capable bombers and Beijing 's aircraft carrier Liaoning have been making regular forays around its coast .
“ If the US were to send any senior officials to Taiwan or make any moves to elevate its relations with the island of Taiwan , China would have no choice but to respond with counter moves that will deeply impact the US , ” Liu reportedly said .
IT 'S not quite an Oscar , more an Oscar plaque , but Adelaide software engineer Vikas Sathaye was honoured last month for helping to develop an aerial camera mount used in Hollywood blockbusters .
Mr Sathaye , 50 , in 2009 joined Shotover Camera Systems in New Zealand where they and three colleagues developed a steadycam helicopter mount that was so successful the crew of Walking With Dinosaurs wanted the prototype .
Camera Icon Vikas Sathaye and wife Ashwini with their mini-Oscar . AAP/ Keryn Stevens Picture : News Limited
“ They had a very tight schedule and they wanted us to fit their cameras and lenses to our 3D prototype gimbal ( mount ) , ” Mr Sathaye , who grew up in Mumbai , said .
Weight problems were solved and the K1 camera was picked up by other Hollywood films needing judder-free helicopter footage , among them Dunkirk , Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 and The Revenant .
The camera earned the Scientific and Engineering Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in Los Angeles last month .
Mr Sathaye — who moved to Adelaide in 2012 and works with RFI Technology Solutions to develop wireless software for emergency services — accepted the mini Oscar watched by wife Ashwini and daughter Tanvi , 19 , now in their second year of software engineering at the University of Adelaide .
“ She was inspired and said they wanted to do something similar to their father — that was really very joyful for my wife and myself , that our daughter was also interested , ” they said .
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , they said on Wednesday .
LADY Gaga has cancelled the remaining 10 dates of their European tour because of “ severe pain ” .
The Grammy winner said on their Twitter account that they are devastated at having to pull out from the 10 remaining Joanna World Tour concerts in Europe , including major gigs in London and Paris , because of fibromyalgia , the chronic condition they suffer from .
They said they had to put “ myself and my wellbeing ” first .
“ I 'm so devastated I do n't know how to describe it , ” Lady Gaga wrote . “ All I know is that if I do n't do this , I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music . ”
Live Nation said the singer was in the hands of expert medical care .
Camera Icon Lady Gaga arrives for the Grammy Awards on January 28 , 2018 . Picture : AFP Camera Icon Lady Gaga performing during last year 's Super Bowl . Picture : Getty Images , Getty
Them team said they had “ made the tough decision to immediately come off the road ” .
Lady Gaga first disclosed that they suffered from the condition in the Netflix documentary , Gaga : Five Foot Two and said that they had been dealing with physical pain for years .
They have shared updates on their condition with fans via Twitter and Instagram .
Concert dates in London , Manchester , Zurich , Cologne , Stockholm , Copenhagen , Paris and Berlin have been pulled .
Live Nation said ticket holders will be able to get a refund at the point of purchase .
Meek Mill is a free man .
After serving five months in prison at Pennsylvania State Correctional Institution at Graterford in Montgomery County , the rapper , born Robert Rihmeek William , was released on Tuesday .
Mill , 30 , was sentenced in November 2017 for a minimum of two years for violating probation in a 2008 gun and drug case by getting arrested twice .
“ I 'd like to thank God , my family , my friends , my attorneys , my team at Roc Nation including JAY-Z , Desiree Perez , my good friend Michael Rubin , my fans , The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love , support and encouragement during this difficult time , ” Mill said in a statement obtained by PEOPLE , which was also tweeted by the hitmaker .
“ While the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letters and rallies have helped me stay positive . To the Philadelphia District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice – not only for my case but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct , ” they continued .
Meek Mill Bobby Metelus/Getty Images for New Era Cap
“ Although I 'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation , I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues . In the meantime , I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career , ” Mill concluded their statement .
“ As our office has made clear in recent court filings , the Pa. Supreme Court 's decision on Meek Mill being released on bail is consistent with the position of the Philadelphia District Attorney 's Office , ” a spokesperson for the Philadelphia District Attorney 's Office told PEOPLE in a statement .
RELATED : Superior Court Rejects Meek Mill Bail Request but Orders Philadelphia Judge to Act ‘ Without Delay '
News of Mill 's release was first announced by Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin and reported by TMZ . Rubin picked up Mill from prison , according to TMZ .
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
In December , Pennsylvania Common Pleas Court Judge Genece Brinkley denied Mill 's request for a bail hearing . But on Tuesday , the Supreme Court of Philadelphia made the decision to overrule Judge Brinkley .
Attorney Brian McMonagle and Meek Mill DAVID MAIALETTI/The Philadelphia Inquirer
RELATED : Philadelphia 76ers Co-Owner Wrote Letter Trying to Save Meek Mill From Jail
One of Mill 's lawyers , Joe Tacopina , told PEOPLE on Tuesday , “ We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail . As we have said all along , Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail . ”
Adding , “ We are also pleased that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has noted that Judge Brinkley may opt to remove themselves from presiding over any further proceedings in Meek 's case in the interests of justice . Meek is excited to be reunited with their family , and we , along with Meek , intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured . ”
Meek Mill and JAY-Z Johnny Nunez/WireImage
RELATED : JAY-Z Writes Op-Ed About Meek Mill and the ‘ Absurd ' Flaws in the Criminal Justice System
Mill was previously in jail for eight months and on probation for five years due to a 2008 conviction for gun and drug charges . In 2016 , Mill was placed under 90 days of house arrest for violating probation due to unapproved travel .
In March 2017 , they were charged with misdemeanor assault after an altercation with employees at St. Louis International Airport . The charges were dropped after they agreed to perform community service .
Then in August 2017 , PEOPLE confirmed that Mill was charged with reckless endangerment in New York City . They later pleaded guilty to reckless driving .
Meek Mill Pennsylvania Department of Corrections
After news of the November 2017 sentencing , many celebrities , including JAY-Z , voiced their support for Mill while criticizing the legal system .
In addition , a petition was created on Change.org , titled “ Somebody Save Meek Mill , ” that called for Tom Wolf , Governor of Pennsylvania , to reevaluate the rapper 's sentencing .
MANAMA , April 15 Finland 's Valtteri Bottas took their first Formula One pole position at the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday to end Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton 's bid for a seventh in a row .
Triple world champion Hamilton qualified alongside , a mere 0.023 slower than Bottas 's lap of one minute 28.769 seconds , to secure the first front row lockout of the season for the reigning champions .
Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel , joint leader of the world championship standings with Hamilton after two races , will start in third place with Red Bull 's Australian Daniel Ricciardo fourth .
Mercedes , who won the race last year with now-retired champion Nico Rosberg , have taken five successive poles at the desert Sakhir circuit . ( Reporting by Alan Baldwin , editing by Ed Osmond )
GARFIELD , N.J. -- A fire that broke out overnight Tuesday in a Garfield home under renovation rekindled just before dawn , responders said .
No injuries were reported .
The Bergen County Prosecutor 's Arson Investigations Unit responded to the Grace Avenue blaze , with members of the county sheriff 's Bureau of Criminal Identification collecting evidence .
The attic fire first ignited just after 10:30 p.m. , displacing a tenant , then kicked up again just after 5 a.m. , blowing through the roof , responders said .
Damien Danis contributed to this article .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
April 10 Semperit Holding AG :
* Operating business development of Semperit Group is expected to lead to a very weak result in Q1 of 2017
* Management board came to conclusion that out of this market development a considerable negative impact on operating earnings compared with previous year can also be expected for next months to come
* These developments have prompted management board to change outlook for 2017 . Due to limited visibility , outlook for 2017 has been suspended
* Adjusted EBIT for 2017 financial year ( without one-off effects from joint venture transaction ) will therefore be significantly below adjusted EBIT of 2016 ( 41 million euros after deduction of the earnings contribution from the ThaiSSC / Siam Sempermed Corporation Ltd . )
* Furthermore , management board has decided today to review measures for profitability enhancement and its strategy Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
After spending over two decades writing massively popular singles for celebrities , Poo Bear is incorporating their hit-making formula into their own music .
The four-time Grammy winner , born Jason Boyd , is gearing up for the release of their bilingual album , Poo Bear Presents Bearthday Music , that will be uniting some of the biggest names on the pop and Latin charts .
Boyd , who helped write the mega remix of Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee 's “ Despacito , ” tells PEOPLE exclusively that their forthcoming project , due out in late April , will feature J Balvin , Skrillex and Jaunes , as well as frequent collaborators Justin Bieber and Jennifer Lopez .
“ Justin and I have been working together for over seven years . They are so loyal and really honest . When we collaborate and come together it really makes waves , ” says Boyd , who penned such Bieber hits like “ Where Are Ü Now ” and “ What Do You Mean ? ”
“ I am really grateful to have them on my new single , ‘ Hard to Face Reality . ' For Justin to be excited for it to come out says a lot about their character . No matter how big they get they are still grounded , humble and human . We have an amazing relationship musically and an amazing friendship . Justin is my hero , ” they share .
Justin Bieber ; Poo Bear ; Jennifer Lopez Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic ; Antoine Antoniol/Getty Images ; Jun Sato/ WireImage
Not only did Boyd most recently craft Lopez 's EDM collaboration with Skrillex titled “ Us , ” they reveal he 's been working on new material for a while with the star , whom they call a “ living legend and icon . ”
“ It is such a blessing to have them be part of my album . I met Jennifer a year and a half ago and we worked on a couple of songs together for their album , ” they say .
“ One track was originally going to be on their album , but they were really excited about it for mine , which was really cool and selfless of them It is great to know that they are excited about my project , ” Boyd teases .
Pre-sale availability for their album will kick off on April 6 with the advance release of “ Hard to Face Reality ” featuring Bieber .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned Latin American governments Thursday to be wary of Chinese attempts to invest heavily in their states and make their economy dependent on Beijing . They criticized “ unfair trading practices ” China uses to trap smaller states .
Speaking at the University of Texas at Austin , Tillerson noted that “ today , China is getting a foothold in Latin America . ”
“ It is using economic statecraft to pull the region into its orbit ; the question is at what price , ” they noted , according to Reuters . “ While this trade has brought benefits , the unfair trading practices used by many Chinese have also harmed those countries ' manufacturing sectors , generating unemployment and lowering wages for workers . ”
Tillerson warned against “ new imperial powers ” taking over the region “ only to benefit their own people ” and not the people of Latin America . “ China 's state-led model of development is reminiscent of the past . It does n't have to be this hemisphere 's future . ”
Tillerson made the comments before departing on a tour of the region , stopping in Mexico on Friday and then heading to Argentina , Peru , Colombia , and Jamaica . They will arrive on the heels of Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi , who was in Santiago , Chile , last week to promote economic cooperation between the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States ( CELAC ) and China .
Tillerson has warned the developing world that China has adopted “ predatory ” lending policies to ensnare them in long-term debt commitments with Beijing in the past . In October , Tillerson specifically identified “ fledgling democracies ” as China 's economy prey .
“ We have watched the activities and actions of others in the region , particularly China , and the financing mechanisms it brings to many of these countries , which result in saddling them with enormous levels of debt , ” they argued . “ Financing is structured in a way that makes it very difficult for them to obtain future financing , and often has very subtle triggers in the financing that results in financing default , and the conversion of debt into equity . ”
President Donald Trump 's recently released National Security Strategy also identified China 's economic colonialism as a threat to the developing world . “ China is a strategic competitor using predatory economics to intimidate its neighbors while militarizing features in the South China Sea , ” the document read .
By Friday morning , Chinese state outlet Xinhua had published a column condemning Tillerson 's remarks .
“ Defaming China can not [ sic ] help change the bad image of the United States in Latin America or stop countries in the region from seeking cooperation elsewhere to spur economic growth , ” the Xinhua piece argued . “ The Trump administration needs to understand that scapegoating China for its fading charisma in the region , a cheap political stunt , would help little to restore Washington 's influence in Latin America . ”
Xinhua concluded that it is Washington , not Beijing , who is “ insulting the autonomy of Latin America countries ” by warning that China is attempting to control their economies and exploit their resources .
“ Instead of wasting time on blaming China , it might be a good idea for Washington to dial down its hostile rhetoric , review its foreign policy , and drop its backyard thinking , ” the piece concludes .
Foreign Minister Wang 's visit to Latin America last week was intended to promote Chinese investment in Latin America and , specifically , to find a role for Latin America in China 's sprawling One Belt One Road ( OBOR ) problem . OBOR is an infrastructure and colonization project that spans from Beijing to western Europe in which China will invest billions in constructing new , advanced infrastructure in developing countries to recreate the ancient Silk Road . China claims the projects – bridges , roads , ports , and transport stations – will bring employment to the nations it enters . In the long-term , however , China will retain control of territory in these areas and have the ability to use these ports for profit .
Chinese officials have also begun to argue that any territory where the Chinese build infrastructure must be governed by communist law .
Wang reportedly claimed during their visit that Latin America must be a natural part of OBOR because Mexico “ was a crucial junction on the ancient maritime Silk Road. ” While UNESCO notes that the Spanish did import Asian silk through the Philippines to Mexico , the Spanish did not arrive in the Americas until 1492 , far later ancient times .
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter .
Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore said Sunday that the election to fill Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' Senate seat is “ probably a referendum on the direction of our country . ”
In video of the event posted online by One America News Network — one of two media organizations invited to attend , alongside Breitbart News , whose executive chairperson , Steve Bannon has campaigned extensively for Moore — the candidate also says Tuesday 's results will reflect God 's will .
“ It 's God 's will , what happens , and we 're expecting God to do whatever they do , is the right thing to do , ” Moore said .
“ It 's probably a referendum on the direction of our country in the future , with regard to President Trump 's agenda , with what they want to do , and I think they feel that , ” Moore added later . “ I know that Breitbart and Mr. Bannon feels that , and I do n't understand that , but I 've been told that by people actually running , or intending to run , up in Oklahoma , Missouri , that area . ”
It 's possible Moore was referring to right-wing candidates and potential candidates in those states who plan on challenging incumbent Republican senators ; Bannon has made a project of defeating every incumbent Republican in the Senate , except for Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) . Moore defeated establishment Republicans ' choice of Sen. Luther Strange ( R-AL ) in the Republican primary , upsetting even President Donald Trump 's endorsement of Strange .
Moore also made a perplexing reference to threats they said their supporters had seen on social media , that they would be prosecuted for voting for him . A spokesperson for Moore did not respond to TPM 's request to clarify the remark .
“ This is probably the ugliest , dirtiest campaign I have ever seen , ” Moore said . “ When they get on social media , and tell you you 're going to be prosecuted if you vote for me — that 's how bad it is . The secretary of state has had to become involved . We have been putting out fires thanks to my campaign team . ”
It may have been in reference to one ad , by the anti-Moore super PAC Highway 31 , which said “ your vote is public record , and your community will know whether or not you stopped Roy Moore. ” While an individual 's vote is secret , whether or not they voted in the first place is not . Informing potential voters that their neighbors , for example , could find out whether or not they voted has become a frequently used tactic to encourage voter turnout .
Moore concluded their speech by mentioning Trump , who has endorsed them by name and advocated for their election , most recently in a robocall .
“ I share President Trump 's feelings about the fake news that 's going out , ” Moore said . “ And you just would n't believe how many people from out of state I 've seen , and they come up– They 're watching this election . It 's just bigger than what we can understand . And why it is , I ca n't say . ”
Breitbart 's Matthew Boyle noted in their report from the Christmas party that other news outlets had not been invited — just as they have been shut out of the Republican 's campaign for weeks — due to “ the fact that the vast majority of the rest of the media is fake news . ”
The candidate appeared to be wearing an Army jacket and holding a U.S. Military Academy hat . A source close to Moore 's campaign told TPM 's Cameron Joseph on Sunday that Moore had flown to Philadelphia to watch their son play in the Army-Navy football game Saturday . Moore 's campaign has refused to say whether or not they made the trip .
Moore has been accused of initiating sexual contact with a 14-year-old and sexually assaulting a 16-year-old while they were an assistant district attorney , among a number of other allegations of misconduct and assault . He 's also known for their extreme comments and views , including that families were more cohesive when slavery existed .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
Charges are being pressed against the owner responsible for the alleged neglect of 46 dogs near Williams Lake . Photo submitted
A Williams Lake man who had 46 dogs seized from their property in February , has been formally charged with two counts of animal cruelty .
The BC SPCA seized the dogs from Terry Baker on Feb. 22 , due to concerns of neglect , undersocialization and distress . The animals ranged from puppies , to adult and older dogs .
“ The dogs were seized because of lack of shelter , poor sanitation and inadequate veterinary care , but the biggest issue once they were in our care was that they were terrified of human contact , ” said Marcie Moriarty , chief prevention and enforcement officer for the BC SPCA .
Read more : BC SPCA seizes 46 dogs near Williams Lake
The animals included American Eskimo , border collie , husky and Samoyed breeds , some of whom were pregnant when they were seized .
“ One of the complications was that several of the dogs were pregnant and gave birth shortly after coming into SPCA care , but were too frightened to let staff near them or their puppies . Thankfully we have some extremely knowledgeable and dedicated staff members who were able to provide the care and treatment they needed despite the challenges , ” said Moriarty .
Read more : BC SPCA under pressure to care for seized dogs
The SPCA said veterinary and behavioural staff worked with the dogs hourly to help them adjust to everyday sights and sounds .
“ This was a very intensive undertaking involving hundreds of staff and volunteer hours , ” said Moriarty .
“ The fact that the majority of the dogs have responded to the behaviour modification to the point that we were able to adopt them into new homes is quite incredible , given the condition they were in when they were seized . ”
While the SPCA had been fearful they would have to euthanize some of the animals , today , only eight remain in SPCA care .
In April , Baker appealed the seizure , asking to have 10 of their animals returned .
Read more : B.C . man loses appeal to get 10 dogs back after more than 46 animals seized
In their appeal testimony , Baker said while the situation was not “ perfectly ideal , ” the dogs were well-fed , happy and none were harmed or abused .
They said things had “ got away ” from them following the death of their mother , and the seizure was simply a case of bad timing , after they had been sick with the flu .
The appeal was ultimately denied by the B.C . Farm Industry Review Board .
Baker has previously been convicted of animal cruelty in a case in Saskatchewan involving more than 70 dogs .
Their sentence included conditions that they were not to own or possess more than 10 dogs , six horses , or 10 chickens , with an exception of an additional 20 dogs , horses , or chickens under the age of six months .
If convicted in court , Baker could face a fine of up to $ 10,000 , five years in jail and a lifetime ban on owning animals .
Read more : Truckload of homemade dog beds headed to BC SPCA shelters
@ Tspricker
tara.sprickerhoff @ wltribune.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
CAIRO ( Sputnik ) - An appeals court in Cairo on Wednesday ruled to remove from the country 's terrorist list 1,500 individuals , once designated as Islamists , including former President Mohamed Morsi , the Youm7 newspaper reported .
According to the outlet , their cases are to be re-examined .
Over the past years , criminal courts of Cairo have put leaders and members of the Muslim Brotherhood ( a terrorist organization banned in Russia , Egypt and other states ) on the nation 's terrorist list . The organization 's leadership , Morsi and Mohamed Katatni , the ex-speaker of the lower house , were the first to be included in the list .
READ MORE : Egypt 's Ex-President Morsi Reportedly Sentenced to 3 Years in Prison
© AP Photo / Hellenic Air Force Greece-Egypt Drill in the Med a 'Psychological Test for Turkey ' – Analyst
The list also includes individuals who have been suspected of sharing the organization 's views or aiding the Muslim Brotherhood .
Morsi became the president in 2012 after Hosni Mubarak 's resignation amid the Arab Spring uprising . In July 2013 , amid the wave of public discontent , the Egyptian army ousted President Morsi and declared a transition period in the country .
Morsi supporters staged mass protests , demanding their reinstatement . Hundreds of Egyptians were killed in the subsequent riots and clashes . Morsi and many of their supporters were imprisoned .
Mark Begich is a star in Alaska Democratic politics , a former U.S. senator and mayor of the state 's largest city , but their campaign for governor has some worried he 's playing spoiler in the race and could hand control of The Last Frontier to Republicans .
The worries over an expected three-way race highlight the quirks of politics in this state , by far the biggest in the country by land mass but with a population about the same as Seattle . Partisan identification is n't as rigid here ; the largest bloc of voters is n't affiliated with a party .
The governor 's race is shaping up to be a race between Begich , independent Gov . Bill Walker and the eventual Republican nominee . Some Democrats and independents fear Begich and Walker will split the vote , giving the win to the Republicans — a fear that Democratic party leaders are trying to calm .
Recently , Begich spent almost two hours explaining their decision to run for governor , laying out their plans and taking questions from an audience in a Juneau . The spoiler concern — which they had addressed at the start of their remarks — came up again . Begich said they never would have run if they did n't think they could win .
Geron Bruce , an independent , said Walker has done a great job . They told Begich : “ I 've been a supporter of yours for years . But I am not happy with you running for governor . ”
The angst dates to 2014 .
Walker , then a Republican , opted to bypass a GOP primary faceoff with then-Gov . Sean Parnell , who beat them four years earlier , and instead gather signatures to appear on the general election ballot . Byron Mallott , an Alaska Native leader , was the Democrats ' gubernatorial nominee .
After labor unions refused to endorse Walker or Mallott , the two joined forces with the blessing of the state Democratic party . Walker had to switch their party affiliation to undeclared as part of the deal . Mallott remained a Democrat and ran as Walker 's lieutenant governor .
The so-called unity ticket triumphed .
The Democratic party later changed its rules to let independents run in its primaries , a move upheld earlier this year by the Alaska Supreme Court .
Around the start of the state Democratic convention in May , Walker 's campaign announced that they and Mallott would run in the primary — Walker as an independent .
But when it became apparent that Begich would run , the campaign said Walker and Mallott would skip the primaries and gather signatures to go straight to the general election .
Walker said that ensured they and Mallott would run together . In Alaska , the party primaries determine general-election pairings for governor and lieutenant governor . If you skip the primaries , you have a say in your running mate .
John-Henry Heckendorn , Walker 's campaign manager , said Walker did n't want to go against Begich in a competition about who is the better Democrat .
“ We want to compete with them in a competition about , who 's got the strongest vision for Alaska , ” they said .
A three-way race “ places people and organizations on different sides who are used to working together . And that is uncomfortable and that is more complicated , ” Heckendorn said .
Some Democrats and independents , who worry that a fight between Begich and Walker would create an opening for Republicans , voice concerns in particular about conservative former state Sen. Mike Dunleavy , seen as an early GOP favorite ahead of the Aug. 21 primary . Dunleavy has advocated for deeper cuts in response to Alaska 's budget deficit and school choice .
A little-known Libertarian candidate , William “ Billy ” Toien , is also running .
Dunleavy 's campaign manager , Brett Huber , said regardless of who is running , Dunleavy thinks he 's on the right side of the issues .
The Democratic party is backing Begich , the lone Democratic candidate . The party 's executive director , Jay Parmley , said it 's too early to speculate on how things could shake out .
“ I just wish everybody would take a deep breath and let the process work out , ” they said . “ We have every opportunity to win a three-way race . Every opportunity . And to say Mark Begich being in the race somehow makes it harder is just wrong . That just does n't bear out . ”
Begich , who often speaks of their experience as Anchorage mayor and of bipartisan relationships in the U.S. Senate , said Walker and legislators got so wrapped up in the budget and other “ minutiae ” that they lost sight of an overall vision for Alaska . Oil prices tanked after Walker took office , exploding Alaska 's budget deficit . The state blew through billions of dollars in savings amid gridlock over how to address the deficit , deciding this year to use earnings from Alaska 's oil-wealth fund to help plug a whittled-down hole .
“ No one gets dealt a great hand in politics , ” Begich said in an interview , adding later : “ Their issue was , can you make some decisions ? The only way you do that , you have to take some things off the table and not be afraid to say , I will veto this . ”
Tom Sutton , a retired state employee , said they support Begich . They voted for Walker in 2014 but said the governor let Republican lawmakers push them around .
Michelle Sydeman told Begich that she 's undecided and wanted clarity on how he 'd address the budget . They said she 's supported Begich “ forever , ” but Walker had shown “ political courage ” in doing what they thought was right .
Dunleavy has hammered Walker over the smaller yearly check that Alaskans receive from the oil-wealth fund . In 2016 , Walker cut the size of the check in half , ignoring a formula in state law for calculating the checks . A court upheld their authority . Since then , lawmakers have ignored the formula , with some arguing this year that a full payout would be fiscally reckless . Dunleavy advocates paying a full dividend .
Begich said the anger they hear from Alaskans stems from not being part of the decision-making process . They support putting a formula of some kind in the state constitution .
Monte Brice , a retired lawyer , said he 's still listening . “ I do n't have to make up my mind until early fall , ” they said .
By Ken Bell
kbell @ abc6.com
One the eve of the Super Bowl , ABC6 Sports Director Nick Coit talked with Eagles players about facing Tom Brady .
Speech to Text for Clay County Humane Society needs baby pools
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
pets too during this heat .. the clay county humane society needs your help to take care of all the animals they have . they need small baby pools , tarps , hoses and more . organizers say keeping them cool is the biggest struggle they face .. that 's because they 're a non- profit organization . we are a non for profit so we have very limited funding . and we need 20 or 30 of an item even if it is relatively inexpensive it does add up . so we reach out to the public and ask for help there . you can also help by buying ice cream . the humane society has a booth at military park in brazil until tomorrow . all proceeds will go to the clay county humane society . a wabash valley pool has been temporarily
GIG HARBOR , Wash. — A high school homecoming is happening without one of the students at Peninsula High School .
Sixteen-year-old Kyle Stillion , a junior at Peninsula High School , died in a tragic accident Thursday evening near Gig Harbor .
Police say just before 5:30 p.m. Thursday , Stillion was stuck by a car while they were walking along Key Peninsula Road just north of Olson Drive .
Pierce Country Sheriff 's Detective Ed Troyer says the 61-year-old woman driving the car drifted onto the narrow shoulder of the road , hitting the teen . Troyer says there is no evidence the woman was intoxicated at the time .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The accident has left Peninsula High School staff and students in shock .
As the band plays and the cheerleaders cheer , a high school homecoming game usually showcases the students rallying for the football players on the field , but at Peninsula High , Friday night 's homecoming game was about rallying for a fellow classmate whose life was cut short .
“ We 're blacking out the school in honor of Kyle , ” said Sam Smith , who added that Stillion was one of their best friends .
Students dressed in black mourning Stillion on Friday night at the football game . Smith says they did n't want to believe the news when they found out about Stillion 's death .
“ I texted him , hoping they would say it was a misunderstanding and it was some other kid , ” said Smith .
Smith added that they 've been buddies since the sixth grade and that Stillion was well liked by everyone .
“ He was probably one of my most social friends . They were one of those kids that everyone loved , everyone wanted to be around them because they were so funny , ” said Smith .
PHS Principal Dave Goodwin says Stilion had friends in all social groups and their passing has brought the student body closer together .
“ Even kids that did n't know him , they really felt the grief of other students . It 's one of the things that impressed me today was kids rallying around each other at school all day . They were hugging each other . I heard them say the nicest things , ” said Goodwin .
Friday night football for PHS had a somber undertone .
“ It hurts right down to where it should never hurt . It 's going to be a celebration of life rather than a homecoming dance , ” said Smith , who added that students plan to leave corsages and boutonnieres outside the gymnasium in honor of Stillion after the homecoming dance Saturday night .
A celebration of life and a sad lesson for some .
“ Mortality is something you hope young people do n't have to deal with , but it 's a part of life and they 're dealing with it in a great way , ” said Goodwin .
Smith says their best friend may not be with them this year , but he 'll be honoring their life , every day of his .
“ I 'm going to live life to the fullest . I just want my life to be lived in honor of Kyle because they did n't get to see the world , I want to show it to him , ” said Smith .
Students have set up a GoFundMe page for Stillion . The funds gathered will be used for funeral expenses .
The Comelec chairperson tells the House committee he 's set to attend another hearing in Davao City , also concerning the barangay and SK elections
Published 2:19 PM , August 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Commission on Elections ( Comelec ) Chairman Andres Bautista on Monday , August 14 , skipped a House committee on suffrage and electoral reforms hearing on the possible postponement of the scheduled 2017 elections .
Committee chairperson CIBAC party list Representative Sherwin Tugna , in a press conference ahead of the hearing , said Bautista told the committee they would have to skip the hearing because of an apparent prior commitment .
Bautista is set to attend a hearing in Davao City on August 15 to discuss the barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan ( SK ) elections in Mindanao under martial law .
`` It is unfortunate that I will not be able to personally attend this initial deliberation because of a prior engagement in Davao City , '' said Bautista in an August 10 letter to Tugna .
The House of Representatives had earlier decided during an all-member caucus to postpone the barangay and SK elections yet again to May 2018 , and to allow incumbent elected officials to serve as “ holdovers ” until then . The Senate has yet to make a decision on the village elections , which had earlier been postponed from October 2016 to October 2017 .
The possible shift in the Comelec 's timeline for preparations comes as Bautista faces controversies , both professional and personal . Their estranged wife , Patricia , has accused the chairperson of corruption and claims to have the proof to back it up . Bautista has sued their wife for robbery and extortion .
Asked if Bautista 's own issues would affect preparations for the barangay elections , Tugna said : “ Coincidental lang naman yan pero di naman natin maialis na on an administrative level , bilang head ng constitutional commission na in charge sa elections natin , di natin maiwasan na mag isip na kahit papaano baka maapektuhan siya sa pag-perform ng kanyang trabaho . ”
( It 's only coincidental but it 's difficult to dismiss the thought that on an administrative level , as the head of the Constitutional commission in charge of the elections , these issues might affect the way they do their job . )
AKO BICOL party list Representative Alfredo Garbin said Bautista should be given the “ benefit of the doubt ” in this decision to skip the hearing . “ Marital relations will not be the subject of the hearing , so bakit siya iiwas ( so why would they avoid it ) ? ” they said .
Work as usual
Kabayan party list Representative Harry Roque questioned Bautista 's absence .
`` I actually am a bit confused as to the reason given by Chairman Bautista for their non-appearance today . They opted to go for a public hearing on the same elections ... I wonder why the Chairman gave priority to a public hearing compared to a session of Congress that 's considering to pass a law on the postponement of the elections , '' they said , asking commissioners if Bautista 's personal issues was already affecting preparations .
Comelec commissioner Arthur Lim said Bautista 's issues – although they may affect them and even the institution itself – will not get in the way of its job .
`` Firstly , to say that the present controversy is not affecting at all the honorable chairperson of the Comelec or even the institution is perhaps to make an understatement . That said , in my humble view , whether or not Chairman Bautista continues as chairperson or takes a leave of absence or resigns as chairperson of the Commission is a judgment call which they alone can and should make , '' they said during the hearing .
Lim added : `` That said again your honor , with all due respect to our honorable chairperson , we are a collegial body and with or without him , the Comelec will continue to function . That I can assure our people . Even as the Commission is enveloped in this controversy ... we in the Comelec are performing our duties . It is work as usual , your honor . ''
Resolutions in both houses of Congress have since been filed to probe allegations against Bautista . ( READ : Duterte first told Congress leaders about Bautista 's alleged corruption )
Bautista was appointed Comelec chief in 2015 by former president Benigno Aquino III . Their term expires in 2022 yet , a few months before the next presidential elections . – Rappler.com
In recent years , deep-learning algorithms have revolutionized the way machines recognize objects . State-of-the-art algorithms easily outperform humans in identifying ordinary things such as tables , chairs , cars , and even faces .
But these algorithms have an Achilles ' heel : there are some things they just can not see . For example , machine vision is not good at recognizing things like grasses and herbs , because they have amorphous forms that are hard to define .
A table generally has four legs and a flat surface , features that machine learning is good at identifying . By contrast , grasses and herbs of the same species can be different sizes and have different numbers of leaves , seeds , and so on , depending on the growing conditions . That makes it hard for machine vision to recognize them , particularly if they are n't in flower .
Machines find it similarly hard to identify trees from aerial imagery or crops from satellite images . What 's needed is a new approach that can train deep-learning algorithms to work their magic on objects with ambiguous form .
Enter Takeshi Ise and pals at Kyoto University in Japan . These guys have developed a simple technique that helps deep-learning machines to recognize these amorphous plants . They 've put the new technique through its paces by teaching it to recognize different types of moss , a plant with a hard-to-define form .
The team is well placed to study moss , given Kyoto 's famously warm and wet climate , which promotes its growth . Ise and co began by photographing moss at a traditional Japanese garden in Kyoto , called Murin-An , where it is cultivated .
They identified three kinds of moss and photographed each individually but also in places where they are all present along with other non-mossy plants and features . Each picture was taken with a digital camera , such as an Olympus OM-D E-M5 Mark II , with a 50mm lens ( or equivalent ) from a distance of 60 centimeters directly above the moss mats . These images have 4608 x 3456 pixels .
The goal for their deep-learning algorithm is to identify the different types of moss in a single image and to distinguish the moss from other objects and plants .
Their method is straightforward . To train the algorithm , the team divides up each image of a specific moss into much smaller regions of 56 x 56 pixels , with 50 percent overlap . In this way , the original image generates some 90,000 images , of which they use 80 percent for training their algorithm and the rest for testing it .
Although the training images of were taken of a uniform mat of a specific type of moss , these mats can contain small regions of other mosses . So the team examined all the training images and removed the images of alien mosses by hand . That left images of three type of moss—Polytrichum , Trachycystis , and Hypnum—as well as non-moss features . All of the training images could then be labeled as one of these types and fed into the deep-learning machine .
The results are impressive . Using this method , the algorithm quickly learned to recognize each type of moss with good accuracy . When the researchers let the algorithm loose on a single image showing various types of moss , it was able to accurately identify the mosses in different areas of the image . “ The model correctly classified test images with accuracy more than 90 % , ” they say .
The algorithm does better for some types of moss than others . “ The estimated performance for Polytrichum is 99 % [ recognition accuracy ] , Trachycystis is 95 % , and Hypnum is 74 % , ” say Ise and co .
The lower accuracy for Hypnum is because this plant is more amorphous than the others , with less well-defined forms of growth . By contrast , Polytrichum has a distinctive , well-defined shape .
The team say there are various ways of improving the accuracy , such as building a training set of photographs taken at different times of the year when the Hypnum moss , in particular , can look more distinctive . Or the white balance on the digital camera could be standardized to get more accurate color rendition for each moss .
In any case , the results show significant promise for the future . The technique could be applied to aerial imagery to better identify trees and plants in images taken from above . That would be hugely useful for stock-taking in the wild or in large managed areas such as farms and forests .
In the meantime , Ise and co say they plan to develop an app that allows people to identify moss using a smartphone . That could prove popular for gardeners .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/1708.01986 : Identifying 3 Moss Species By Deep Learning , Using The “ Chopped Picture ” Method
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
If you like to drink tea and throw out the teabag when you 're done , consider these four things that you could do with your used teabag !
1 ) A Tea Bag Face Scrub
Using a brewed green tea bag and some honey , you can create a low-cost exfoliating mask for your face . Save yourself a few bucks and check out the video below from bubzbeauty as they share this method for refreshing your skin .
2 ) Marinate Your Meat
You can use tea to make the most delectable and tender meat . Try it with pork , steak or even chicken ! You could use a new teabag or just re-use an already-brewed tea bag .
3 ) To Relieve Your Pain
A cool , used tea bag can provide relieve to several different types of pain including tooth aches , cold sores and canker sores . Not only that , but it could help with pain from breastfeeding or stop the bleeding from a shaving nick .
4 ) Just Use It Again !
Depending on the type of tea , you may be able to get a second use out of your teabag ! You may lose most of the caffeine content and the flavour , but this varies based on the tea . Try it out and let us know what you think .
CC Image courtesy of Marco Verch on Flickr
By Mayo Clinic Staff
Dietitian 's tip : This recipe replaces tahini , which sometimes contains gluten , with olive oil . It also calls for sherry vinegar instead of lemon juice .
Number of servings Serves 6
Ingredients
2/3 cup dried chickpeas ( garbanzos ) , picked over and rinsed , soaked overnight , and drained 3 cups water 2 cloves garlic 1 bay leaf 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon olive oil 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sliced green ( spring ) onion 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro ( fresh coriander ) 1 teaspoon ground cumin
Directions
In a large saucepan over high heat , combine the chickpeas , water , garlic cloves , bay leaf and 1/4 teaspoon of salt . Bring to a boil . Reduce the heat to low , cover partially and simmer until the beans are very tender , 50 to 60 minutes . Drain and discard the bay leaf , reserving the garlic and 1/2 cup of the cooking liquid .
In a blender or food processor , combine the chickpeas , cooked garlic , olive oil , 3/4 cup green onion , vinegar , cilantro , cumin and the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt . Process to puree . Add the reserved cooking liquid , 1 tablespoon at a time , until the mixture has the consistency of a thick spread .
In a small serving bowl , stir together the chickpea mixture and the remaining 2 tablespoons green onion . Serve immediately , or cover and refrigerate until ready to serve . Makes about 1 1/2 cups .
Nutritional analysis per serving Serving size :1/4 cup Total carbohydrate 15 g
15 g Dietary fiber 4 g
4 g Sodium 210 mg
210 mg Saturated fat 0.5 g
0.5 g Total fat 4 g
4 g Cholesterol 0 mg Protein 5 g
5 g Monounsaturated fat 2 g
2 g Calories 116
116 Trans fat 0 g
0 g Total sugars 3 g
3 g Added sugars 0 g DASH Eating Plan Servings Nuts , seeds and dry beans 1
1 Fats and oils 1 Diabetes Meal Plan Choices Meat and meat substitutes 1
1 Starches 1 Mayo Clinic Healthy Weight Pyramid Servings Protein and dairy 1
This recipe is one of 150 recipes collected in `` The New Mayo Clinic Cookbook , '' published by Mayo Clinic Health Information and Oxmoor House , and winner of the 2005 James Beard award .
Firefighters are struggling to contain the biggest of six blazes burning in southern California , with the Thomas Fire slipping from 15 % containment to 10 % Sunday .
Covering 230,000 acres , the Thomas Fire is now the fifth largest blaze in modern California history . The fires are collectively burning an area larger than New York City and Boston combined .
Gusty winds and dry conditions are not helping the wildfire 's spread , and there 's no rain in the forecast for at least 10 days .
Latest developments
Elevated conditions : The Santa Ana winds are forecast to decrease heading into Tuesday , but could gust between 40-55 mph on Monday before tapering , CNN meteorologist Rachel Aissen says . Ventura County and surrounding areas are under an elevated fire outlook , with temperatures remaining between 78-82 degrees as humidity continues to fall in a range below 10 % .
Warnings : A Red Flag Warning for much of Los Angeles and Ventura counties has been extended through Monday evening , the National Weather Service said . It means that elevated fire weather conditions are expected due to a combination of gusty winds and low humidity .
Power cuts : The Thomas Fire is causing intermittent electricity outages in Santa Barbara County . Southern California Edison said that outages and surges could potentially affect up to 85,000 customers , with 2,432 customers without power at 9 p.m. PST Sunday ( midnight ET ) .
Evacuations : Some 94,607 people were under mandatory evacuation orders in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties Sunday evening , Ventura County Sheriff Captain Garo Kuredjian told CNN .
School closures : The Santa Barbara City Office of Emergency Services said in a tweet that 19 of its 20 school districts would be closed Monday and that all South County School Districts would remain closed through the end of the week .
Death toll : The death toll from the Thomas Fire stands at one . Authorities believe Virginia Pesola , 70 , of Santa Paula , died in a crash while fleeing the fire , their body was found Wednesday .
The fires
The six blazes vary in size .
Thomas Fire : It had scorched 230,000 acres by Sunday evening , with about 10 % of it contained . It started Monday in Ventura County , and has since spread into Santa Barbara County . The fire has surpassed the 1932 Matilija Fire — which burned 220,000 acres — to become Ventura County 's largest recorded blaze , according to CalFire . It has destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191 , Ventura County Sheriff Captain Garo Kuredjian told CNN , with firefighting efforts costing $ 34 million by Sunday night .
Creek Fire : The second-largest blaze ignited Tuesday in neighboring Los Angeles County . It has burned 15,619 acres and is 95 % contained .
Rye Fire : It broke out Tuesday in Los Angeles County and has burned 6,049 acres . Firefighters are making progress , with 93 % of the blaze contained .
Lilac Fire : This fast-moving fire has consumed 4,100 acres since it ignited Thursday in San Diego County . Firefighters have regained control of it , and it 's 75 % contained .
Skirball Fire : It started Wednesday as a brush fire in Los Angeles County . It has burned 422 acres and is now 85 % contained .
Liberty Fire : The blaze in Riverside County has burned 300 acres since it ignited Thursday . It 's 100 % contained , but authorities are monitoring it ahead of a forecast increase in winds .
# thomasfire looking towards Santa Barbara Peak from Sisar Peak . pic.twitter.com/53EoZwqw4B — Ken Carter ( @ eocKen1 ) December 10 , 2017
New normal ?
As California Gov . Jerry Brown surveyed the damage in Ventura County Saturday , they predicted that extreme fire activity would happen on a regular basis for decades .
“ With climate change , some scientists are saying that Southern California is literally burning up , ” the governor , who is an advocate for climate science , said . “ So we have to have the resources to combat the fires and we also have to invest in managing the vegetation and forests … in a place that 's getting hotter . ”
As for those facing the flames of the current wildfires , there 's gratitude — for life , community and the efforts of the firefighters working to protect both .
One family whose home was destroyed in the Creek Fire told CNN affiliate KCAL9 News that they had lost everything to the blaze but were grateful to be alive .
“ For me , it was like my 15 years of living here was flashing by — of memories , you know , the gatherings , all that , ” Javier Hernandez told the station . “ And then at the same time , we were like , ‘ OK , my family 's OK . If it 's gon na burn , it 's gon na burn . ' ”
Firefighters challenged by extreme fire behavior resulting from low overnight relative humidity , dry vegetation & windy conditions # ThomasFire pic.twitter.com/MEOKE3So8t — USFS Fire-California ( @ R5_Fire_News ) December 11 , 2017
A number of celebrities voiced their thanks to firefighters and concern for the communities at risk from fire .
Oprah Winfrey and Ellen Degeneres , who both have homes in Montecito , tweeted that they were praying for their communities .
“ Our house is under threat of being burned . We just had to evacuate our pets . I 'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters , ” Degeneres said , adding in a later tweet that they were proud to be part of a community where people were helping each other to safety .
Our house is under threat of being burned . We just had to evacuate our pets . I 'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters . The live stream is on https : //t.co/FTcKVvHO16 — Ellen DeGeneres ( @ TheEllenShow ) December 10 , 2017
Winfrey tweeted that their prayer as the fires raged was “ peace be still . ”
Peace be Still , is my prayer tonight . For all the fires raging thru my community and beyond . # peacebestill🙏🏾 — Oprah Winfrey ( @ Oprah ) December 11 , 2017
Retired tennis player Jimmy Connors ' said the Thomas Fire was also threatening their home , tweeting their thanks to the firefighters “ working tirelessly . ”
# ThomasFire moving fast– entering Montecito & Santa Barbara– many properties in danger- including mine- firefighters working tirelessly ! ! — Jimmy Connors ( @ JimmyConnors ) December 11 , 2017
Firefighters from Arizona , Colorado , Idaho , Oregon , Utah and Washington state are helping to fight the fires .
Additionally , the Nevada Department of Corrections and Nevada Division of Forestry — which run conservation camps for inmates — have sent six trained crews to help .
The crews of minimum security inmates will be fighting the Thomas Fire , the department said in a release .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A Politico profile of a new anti-Trump protest movement calling itself “ Indivisible ” reported that “ conservatives ” are “ spreading unfounded rumors ” that the group is “ being driven by wealthy donors like George Soros . ”
Politico , however , seemingly failed to do even the most minimal research on the Indivisible leaders cited in the news outlet 's own profile . Some of those personalities are openly associated with groups financed by Soros .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Politico further failed to note that the organizations cited in its article as helping to amplify Indivisible 's message are either financed directly by Soros or have close ties to groups funded by the billionaire .
“ Inside the protest movement that has Republicans reeling , ” was the title of the Politico profile .
Citing Angel Padilla , a co-founder of the group , Politico reported :
Dubbed “ Indivisible , ” the group launched as a way for Padilla and a handful of fellow ex-Democratic aides to channel their post-election heartbreak into a manual for quashing President Donald Trump 's agenda . They drafted a 26-page protest guide for activists , full of pointers on how to bird dog their members of Congress in the language of Capitol insiders .
The manual has since been downloaded over one million times . Indivisible says on its website that over 4,500 local groups across the nation have “ signed up to resist the Trump agenda in nearly every congressional district in the country . ”
The manual has been utilized to form the basis of a protest movement . The group 's website states : “ What 's more , you all are putting the guide into action—showing up en masse to congressional district offices and events , and flooding the congressional phone lines . You 're resisting—and it 's working . ”
Politico reported on “ unfounded ” rumors being spread about Soros 's involvement with Indivisible ( emphasis added by this reporter ) :
Its handful of senior leaders count about 100 contributors to their national organizing work but insist that all are working on a volunteer basis . They know conservatives are spreading unfounded rumors that their success is being driven by wealthy donors like George Soros , which they flatly deny .
That paragraph was followed by the following quote from co-founder Padilla ( emphasis again added by this reporter ) :
“ It does n't matter who we take money from — we 're always going to get blamed as a Soros group , even if we do n't take money from Soros , ” said Padilla , now an analyst with the National Immigration Law Center . “ That 's one of the attacks and that 's fine . ”
While “ Indivisible ” has yet to disclose its donors , Politico failed to inform readers that the National Immigration Law Center where the news outlet reported Padilla serves as an analyst is financed by Soros 's Open Society Foundations . The Center has received numerous Open Society grants earmarked for general support .
Also unmentioned by Politico is that Padilla previously served as an immigration policy consultant at the radical National Council of La Raza . Soros is a major La Raza donor .
Politico went on to detail how Indivisible has been aided by MoveOn.org and the ACLU . The news website failed to tell readers that MoveOn.org and the ACLU are both financed by Soros , a relevant tidbit given Politico 's claim about “ unfounded rumors ” that Indivisibles ' success was being driven by Soros .
The news website reported :
In addition , MoveOn.org and the Working Families Party joined with Indivisible for its first nationwide call on Jan. 22 . Nearly 60,000 people phoned in that day , according to Levin and MoveOn organizing director Victoria Kaplan . Indivisible estimates that its second national call , on the impact of Trump 's immigration order with assistance from the ACLU and Padilla 's group , drew 35,000 people .
Politico also missed that , according to its Twitter account , another organizer of the conference call with MoveOn.org was the International Refugee Assistance Project , a project of the Urban Justice Center , another recipient of an Open Society grant .
Taryn Higashi , executive director of the Center 's International Refugee Assistance Project , currently serves on the Advisory Board of the International Migration Initiative of Soros 's Open Society Foundations .
Meanwhile , Politico further reported on Indivisible 's ties to the organizers of last month 's anti-Trump Women 's March while failing to mention that Soros reportedly has ties to more than 50 “ partners ” of that march . Also , this journalist first reported on the march leaders ' own close associations with Soros .
Regarding Indivisible and the Women 's March , Politico reported :
Indivisible is also embracing collaboration with other major anti-Trump protest outlets . Leaders of the group were in communication with Women 's March organizers before their main event on Jan. 21 , and that partnership will become official when the March unveils the third in its series of 10 direct actions that attendees have been asked to pursue in their communities .
Another Indivisible leader mentioned in the Politico article is Jeremy Haile . Not reported by Politico is that is Haile served as federal advocacy counsel for the Sentencing Project . The Sentencing Project is reportedly financed by Soros 's Open Society Foundations , which has also hosted the Project to promote its cause .
Aaron Klein is Breitbart 's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . They are a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , “ Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow them on Twitter @ AaronKleinShow . Follow them on Facebook .
With research by Brenda J. Elliott .
Disgraced Hollywood super-producer Harvey Weinstein was indicted on Wednesday on sex charges brought by New York prosecutors .
“ This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged , ” Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement .
JUST IN : Harvey Weinstein indicted by grand jury on charges of rape and criminal sexual act . “ This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged , '' Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance says . pic.twitter.com/vgrZtne0rF — ABC News ( @ ABC ) May 30 , 2018
Harvey Weinstein plead not guilty to sex crime charges , last Friday , after the moviemaker turned themselves into the NYPD .
As part of a bail package negotiated in advance , Weinstein put up $ 1 million in cash and will agree to wear a monitoring device . Weinstein 's travel has been restricted after surrendering their passport , the New York Times reported .
“ Vance 's moves are just one open question as the extraordinary Weinstein sexual abuse scandal heads to the legal phase . Weinstein , 66 , was arraigned with a criminal complaint alleging they forced Lucia Evans , an aspiring actor , to perform oral sex in 2004 and raped a second woman at a New York hotel in 2013 , ” reports the Hollywood Reporter .
Weinstein has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex , since the bombshell allegations surfaced seven months ago .
Grammy-winner Dennis Edwards , who performed lead vocals for some of the chart-topping Motown singles recorded by The Temptations in the 1960s and 1970s , has died at the age of 74 .
Edwards died at a hospital in Chicago on Thursday night or Friday morning of complications from an unspecified illness , their manager Toby Ludwig said by phone .
The singer , who lived outside St Louis , would have celebrated their 75th birthday on Saturday .
The Alabama-born Edwards replaced David Ruffin as lead singer of The Temptations in 1968 .
Edwards sang lead on some of the vocal group 's most memorable hits , including Papa Was a Rollin ' Stone , a 1972 release that earned Edwards and the group two Grammy Awards , and I Ca n't Get Next To You , which topped the pop charts in 1969 .
Edwards left The Temptations around the time the group left Motown to sign with Atlantic Records in 1977 . They rejoined and left multiple times in the 1980s , when the group enjoyed far less success on the pop charts than in the previous two decades .
Edwards was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 as a member of The Temptations .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Renée Daniela DePencier Piñero , a junior at Eastside Catholic School , is the week four winners of the CenturyLink High School Athlete of the Week program .
They were selected based on their leadership through athletics , academics , and community action .
ATHLETICS : Renée plays volleyball for Eastside Catholic School , and is a recognized leader in the Puget Sound region as a libero . They also are selected as one of only 30 libero players nationally to attend the USA National Volleyball skills camp in summer 2017 . They have helped their high school team attend the state championship two out of past three years as a varsity libero . In 2016 , Renée won teammate of the year and won the State Sportsmanship Award .
ACEDEMICS : In their current classwork , they maintain a 4.0 GPA , while taking six AP classes and nine honor courses . Renée is a four year Leadership Scholar recipient , three time Scholar Athlete , 11 time Student of the Month and was Student of the Year sophomore year . In addition to their school coursework , Renée studies astronomy and was recently selected to attend the Washington Aerospace Scholar Program .
COMMUNITY ACTION : Renee is highly involved in their community with over 40 hours of community service per year . They are as a peer tutor , serves on their school 's campus ministry , sings national anthems at national volleyball competitions they play in , and volunteers to teach elementary school kids the sport of volleyball each summer at local camps .
Every student athlete will be recognized at his/her school and at a Seahawks game . Each winner will also receive a $ 1,000 grant to their school 's from CenturyLink and the Seahawks -- plus a personalized 2017 Nike Seahawks jersey , a custom football , sideline passes to a home game and more !
“ CenturyLink is honored to partner with the Seattle Seahawks and Q13 FOX on this great program , ” said Sue Anderson , CenturyLink 's Vice President of Operations for Washington State . “ We believe in developing the potential of area student athletes and supporting their efforts in the community , both on and off the field . ”
Each week , CenturyLink executives and Seahawks personnel will select a nominated student who meets or exceeds the criteria .
Rangers have hit top-form in the recent weeks , and they are currently unbeaten in their last five games in all competitions .
On Saturday , they will be aiming to continue that run going when they face Hibernian at Ibrox Stadium .
The Glasgow club have picked up ten points from their last four games – a run that includes a home win over Aberdeen and a goalless draw at Celtic . They are currently placed third in the league table with 46 points , but they do have a game in hand over Aberdeen , who are second with 49 points .
Rangers were not involved in the Premiership during the midweek as they registered a 3-0 win over Fraserburgh in the fourth round of Scottish Cup .
Hibs were not involved in the cup and they registered a 2-1 home win over Motherwell in the Premiership on Wednesday .
Hibs have been doing fairly well under Neil Lennon this season , and they find themselves in the fourth spot with 41 points . They have picked up some incredible results this season , but in recent weeks , they have lost their games against the likes of Celtic , Rangers and Aberdeen .
Both sides played each other twice this season and both games have ended in away wins . Hibs claimed a 3-2 win over ten-man Rangers at Ibrox earlier in the season . The Glasgow side took revenge of that defeat with a 1-2 win at Easter Road in December .
Rangers vs Hibernian – Match Facts
Hibs have won just two of their last seven away games in all competitions .
Rangers forward Alfredo Morelos has scored in both games against Hibs this season .
Last six meetings between these two sides in competitions have ended with more than 2.5 goals .
Rangers vs Hibernian – Team News
The home side will be without Graham Dorrans and Kenny Miller .
For Hibs , David Gray is set to miss out , but new-signings Florian Kamberi and Scott Allan could feature .
Rangers vs Hibernian – Match Odds
Rangers are favourites to win and they are available at their best odds of 19/20 at BetVictor . We are also backing a home win as our prediction in this game .
Among other options , a draw is available at 13/5 odds at BetVictor , and an away win is priced at 3/1 odds at Bet365 .
Rangers vs Hibernian – Correct Score Odds
A 1-1 draw is the most likely result in the betting market at the best odds of 13/2 at William Hill . We are going for a 2-1 Rangers win as our prediction instead , and you can back our pick at 8/1 odds at BetVictor .
Rangers vs Hibernian – Anytime Goalscorer Odds
Rangers striker Alfredo Morelos is the favourite to score in the game and we are backing them as our prediction . Morelos , who has scored in their last four home games , is available at their best odds of 7/5 at Paddypower .
For the Hibs , new-signing Jamie Maclaren is available at 3/1 odds at the same bookmaker .
Rangers vs Hibernian – Total Goals Over/Under Odds
We are expecting at least three goals in the game , and thus our pick is over 2.5 goals in this market . You can back our prediction at its best odds of 9/10 at Paddypower .
Despite the change in head coaches from Tom Herman to Major Applewhite , the Houston Cougars are still a program that plans on heavily recruiting East Texas .
Applewhite spent the passed two years at Houston as the offensive coordinator , so there was n't much worry when it came to the Cougars offering the regions top athletes . But there has been a noticeable spike in the passed weeks . Apple white has even landed a few big verbal commits , including Lufkin receiver Malik Jackson .
Houston currently has offered the following East Texans :
Chance Amie , Tyler Lee , QB , 6-3 , 190
Kris Dike , Van , OL , 6-6 , 283
Dekalen Goodson , John Tyler , DE/OLB , 6-2 , 209
Michael Sanchez , Gladewater , TE/OL , 6-5 , 327
Tyree Wilson , West Rusk , LB , 6-5 , 225
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All Rights Reserved .
Winning numbers drawn in ' 5 Card Cash ' game
MADISON , Wis. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Wisconsin Lottery 's `` 5 Card Cash '' game were :
QC-AH-10C-5D-9D
( QC , AH , 10C , 5D , 9D )
Monday , an elderly woman shot and killed their son in Arizona after learning of their plans to put them in a nursing home .
Anna Blessing,92 , confronted their 72-year-old son Monday morning with two pistols that they hid in their robe after thinking about their son 's intentions for several days , according to the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office .
Blessing told police they “ removed the handgun and fired multiple rounds striking and killing them son . ”
The senior woman then pointed the gun at their son 's girlfriend , and the two struggled over the weapon when it was dislodged from their hand .
Blessing retrieved the second handgun and attempted to point it at the girlfriend , who knocked it from Blessing 's possession .
The girlfriend called the police who arrested Blessing at the scene .
Blessing was charged with one count of murder in the 1st degree , one count of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and one count of kidnapping .
Scroll for more content ...
Sen. Tim Scott wants to recommend their friend and fellow South Carolinian Rep. Trey Gowdy to be one of the candidates President Donald Trump considers for the Supreme Court .
`` I 'm going to recommend Trey Gowdy be one of the folks that I would have a strong recommendation for them serving on the Supreme Court , '' Scott said in an interview on CNN 's `` The Van Jones Show '' airing Sunday at 7 p.m . ET . `` I hope that the President will be open to that recommendation . ''
Scott called Gowdy , a former federal prosecutor , `` incredibly fair '' and said they were an equal opportunity critic of both the Trump and Obama administrations .
`` A guy who will call balls and strikes and not choose a side , even when he 's an elected member , at this time in our nation 's history that 's hard to find , '' Scott said .
The two Republicans have grown close over their time in Congress and recently co-authored a book , `` Unified : How Our Unlikely Friendship Gives Us Hope for a Divided Country . ''
Gowdy , who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , plans to leave politics at the end of their term and return to working in the justice system . Earlier this year , Scott and Lindsey Graham , the other senator from South Carolina , lobbied the White House to back Gowdy 's nomination for a federal appeals court vacancy , but Gowdy was n't interested , a source told CNN at the time .
Anthony Kennedy announced Wednesday that they will retire at the end of July , leaving Trump with the opportunity to nominate another conservative justice and reshape the court for years .
Kennedy served as a swing vote , and although they sided with their conservative colleagues more often , they sided with the liberals on the court on abortion issues and penned Obergefell v. Hodges , the landmark opinion that cleared the way for same-sex marriage nationwide .
Trump told reporters Friday that he 's narrowed the pool down to five potential candidates and will announce Kennedy 's replacement on Monday , July 9 . Trump 's Supreme Court nominee ultimately will have to be approved by the Senate .
Asked by anchor Van Jones of any dealbreakers regarding the positions of potential candidates , Scott said they do not have a `` litmus test on a specific issue , '' but will scrutinize each of their records .
`` I want someone who understands and appreciates where our country is today , not where it was 50 years ago , '' Scott said .
MELBOURNE May 4 Australia warned on Thursday that a push by activist investor Elliott Management to ditch global miner BHP Billiton 's dual listing may be a criminal offence and could be subject to civil penalties .
Australian Treasurer Scott Morrison confirmed on Thursday that BHP Billiton is required to remain listed on the Australian Securities Exchange under the terms of the government 's approval of the merger of BHP and Billiton in 2001 .
`` It is unthinkable that any Australian government could allow this original Big Australian to head offshore , '' Morrison said in a statement .
Elliott , led by U.S. financier Paul Singer , wants BHP to spin off its U.S. oil assets , ditch dual listings in London and Sydney to consolidate them in the U.K. , and hand back more money to shareholders .
Morrison warned that BHP Billiton could face civil penalties under the country 's foreign takeovers law if it were to carry out Elliott 's proposal to scrap the dual listing in Australia and could block a takeover of BHP 's Australian assets by a London-listed company . ( Reporting by Sonali Paul ; Editing by Chris Reese )
From the Marshall Police Department :
The Marshall Police Department is asking for the public 's help to identify the person
responsible for injuring two law enforcement officers during an altercation at a fast food
restaurant .
On Saturday , February 3 , 2018 at approximately 3:55 a.m. , a male subject
entered the Whataburger located at 2010 Victory Drive and attempted to fight with
another person .
A Marshall Police Officer , who was working security at the restaurant ,
attempted to apprehend the subject .
A Harrison County Sheriff 's Deputy was also at the
restaurant during the incident and assisted the officer .
The unidentified man resisted authorities and during a scuffle with officers , broke a window in the restaurant . The
suspect then fled the scene on foot .
The officer and deputy received minor cuts during
the incident . They were both treated on the scene by Marshall EMS .
Due to their tendency toward violence and injuries to law enforcement officers , the suspect
is believed to pose a danger to the community .
Anyone with information regarding the
identity and/or location of the subject involved in this incident is urged to contact the
Marshall Police Department at 903-935-4575 or Marshall/Harrison County Crime
Stoppers at 903-935-9969 .
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY , June 14 OHL Mexico , a unit of Spanish construction group OHL , said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday , offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund , the company said on Wednesday .
The Washington Capitals have left out Australia 's Nathan Walker for game two of their NHL Stanley Cup series with the Las Vegas Golden Knights .
Walker , who was also scratched from Monday 's opener , was one of seven players Capitals coach Barry Trotz left out of the squad for Wednesday 's game in Las Vegas .
The Capitals are desperate for a win in the best-of-seven series after letting in two late goals in game one to lose 6-4 to the Knights .
× Red Cap Patisserie opens on N. Meadow Street
RICHMOND , Va. — A little taste of Europe can now be had in the Fan .
Red Cap Patisserie , a bakery that offers sweet and savory pastries , held its formal grand opening over the weekend at 719 N. Meadow St .
Chef and co-owner Martine Wladar is running the business with their husband , John . Martine said Red Cap held a soft opening earlier this month after taking over the space left vacant last fall by Lucille 's Bakery .
“ The neighborhood 's great , we 're really happy to have this space , ” said Wladar , a career pastry chef of more than 25 years .
Continue reading on RichmondBizSense.com .
BLACKSBURG , Va. – Cellphone video shows a ball-obsessed deer that decided to join a beach volleyball game , delighting the players as it pranced around the sand court .
Steve Keighton posted video on Facebook of the game , which happened earlier this week on the campus of Virginia Tech , according to WSLS .
“ Thought we finally found a replacement on the volleyball team , ” Keighton wrote , “ but alas , this young buck apparently had been watching too much of the World Cup and had another sport in mind . Impressive talent nonetheless ! ”
A woman filming from another angle can be heard exclaiming , “ Pele ! World Cup deer ! ”
The deer seemed to play with the ball like a dog might , pawing at it and pushing it with its nose before taking off and running in a circle or jumping playfully into the air .
“ This one either came from a farm or maybe lost its mother at a young age and immediately found friendly people to feed it ( and play soccer with it ! ) , ” Keighton theorized .
( Corrects 7th paragraph to show Novartis could file BAF312 with regulators in H1 2017 , from expects H1 2017 approval )
March 28 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) on Tuesday approved Roche Holding AG 's multiple sclerosis ( MS ) drug Ocrevus , putting the potential blockbuster drug back on track after a delay caused by regulators ' concerns over manufacturing issues .
The infusible drug , known chemically as ocrelizumab , becomes the first U.S.-approved medicine for the primary progressive form of the neurological disease ( PPMS ) . It is also approved to treat the most common form of the disease , known as relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis ( RRMS ) .
Roche said Ocrevus will be available to people in the United States within two weeks .
The drug 's entry into the U.S. market was delayed by three months when the FDA in late December pushed back its deadline for an approval decision , saying the commercial manufacturing process for Ocrevus was not yet ready .
Ocrevus , an immunosuppressive drug that reduces the immune system 's assault on the body 's own neurons , could become a mainstay treatment for MS and help offset falling revenue from Roche 's top-selling cancer drugs Rituxan , Avastin and Herceptin , that will soon face competition from cheaper biosimilar versions .
Analysts forecast annual sales exceeding $ 3 billion by 2021 , according to Reuters data .
Roche rival Novartis AG is also developing its own MS treatment , BAF312 , for secondary progressive multiple sclerosis . It could file for regulatory approval in the first half of 2017 , Novartis has said , although the official filing target for BAF312 remains 2019 .
Other companies are also seeking new drug alternatives for different forms of MS , including GeNeuro SA .
The most popular MS treatment in the United States currently is Copaxone , made by Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd .
Roche said in the PPMS study that patients who took Ocrevus were 47 percent more likely than those who received a placebo to show no evidence of disease progression .
The company said its trials among RRMS patients showed 75 percent more patients reached `` no evidence of disease activity '' status when taking Ocrevus compared with those using Merck & Co Inc 's Rebif , an older therapy .
The drug 's path to approval has not been straightforward .
In 2010 , Roche and Biogen Inc suspended trials of the biotech medicine against rheumatoid arthritis after patients died from fatal opportunistic infections . Trials were also suspended for lupus nephritis patients .
Against multiple sclerosis , however , Roche has said the fatal side effect was not repeated . Infusion-related reactions were among the main adverse side effects seen in MS trials . ( Reporting by John Miller in Zurich and Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru ; Additional reporting by Bill Berkrot in New York ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Bill Rigby )
Emergency crews are responding to a crash in SW. OKC .
Emergency crews are responding to a car crash in SW. OKC Wednesday afternoon .
The incident occurred around 3:30 p.m. , in the area of Southwest 84th and May .
The Oklahoma City Fire Department says firefighters extricated one person from the vehicle . Two EMSA units were requested .
At this time , there 's no word yet on what caused the crash or injuries the victim suffered .
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more as it becomes available .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Various grants and funding are on offer for farmers to encourage green growth , coupled with future government subsidies post-Brexit leaning towards environmental flight attendantship.In recent debates regarding the future of farming subsidies , the government has strongly indicated that any future funding is likely to be based on farming practices that provide ‘ public goods'.High on the list would be work to make farms more environmentally friendly.Similar incentives can also be seen in other grants and government projects , including the Woodland Carbon Code ( WCC ) , a UK government scheme aimed at verifying the amount of CO2 to be captured by planting new forest land.The market allows woodland owners to trade ‘ credits ' that provide tax incentives to companies engaged in industries that produce atmospheric emissions to ensure the UK is steered more towards a carbon neutral futurePaul Laird , Partner at accountancy firm the Fish Partnership , said farmers may gain more from being involved in environmental flight attendantship of their land. “ The future of farming is very much focused not only the creation of food and raw materials for other industry but also the environmental flight attendantship of land , ” Mr Laird said. “ While the government has provided public promises to maintain current subsidies until 2021 , farmers need to be planning ahead to ensure they achieve the maximum benefit from future schemes. “ A number of incentives already on offer to the farming community in the form of grants and other schemes focus on environmental projects and I can foresee this area of farming growing more in the years to come , so it might be something to consider as part of a modern farms mid to long-term plans.Mr Laird added : “ The wider farming community will benefit from this change , which will aid with minimising soil erosion and the degradation of land that has been over-farmed – so agri-businesses should not look too sceptically about the initial benefits of agri-environmentalism . ”
[ India ] , June 15 ( ANI ) : A tribal student of Kirandul village of Chhattisgarh 's Dantewada region has made their mother proud by securing a place for themselves in the prestigious Indian Institute of Technology ( IITs ) .
The student , Vaman Mandavi , credits their 2912th rank in the IIT examination to their mother , who supported and funded their education by selling wood .
Vaman 's mother Mangali said that they were very happy with the achievement of their son .
`` Vaman 's father Chamro Ram Mandavi died after 10 months of Vaman 's birth . After that I raised them by selling wood . It was my dream to make my child a big man by educating him . We belong to the tribal society where the children are asked to graze cow , gather produce , which affects their studies . But I sent Vaman to school to educate him , '' they said .
They further said that the district administration and the government have contributed a lot for their son 's success , adding that they got the support because of the free education scheme . Vaman , who completed their studies from a government school in their village , secured 72 percent in High school and 76 percent in Intermediate . `` I want to fulfill my mother 's dream . My mother has raised me with many troubles . I want to become engineer for her , '' Vaman said . ( ANI )
Sometimes good news for the economy is bad news for stocks .
The U.S. economy added 200,000 jobs Friday , and wages saw their biggest increase since the end of the recession . The strength of the labor market , however , appeared to lead to weakness in the stock market .
The stronger-than-expected jobs report is likely to reassure Federal Reserve officials about their plans to raise rates several times this year . In December , Fed officials predicted that they would raise rates three times in 2018 . A stronger jobs market , however , raises the potential for a possible fourth rate hike .
“ If wage growth continues , that could have an impact on the path of interest rates , ” Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari said on CNBC Friday .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by nearly 666 points , or around 2.5 percent , Friday . The Dow rose 5.8 percent in January but declined 4.1 percent for the week , the worst weekly record since 2016 . The S & P fell by 2.1 percent , and the Nasdaq Composite declined by around 1.95 percent .
The yield on the ten-year Treasury note rose to its highest level in more than four years . Yields move up as bond prices decline .
Rising pay for workers has focused investor attention on the risk of inflation , which erodes the value of the fixed coupon paid to bondholders .
`` Staff has been , and in my mind , continues to be an unwilling and unnecessary participant in the mayor 's ongoing actions . They have been collateral damage , and did not deserve the treatment for which the mayor has been accused and found guilty of , '' they said . `` There needs to be recompense for those actions , and the apology is only a start . ''
While Altmann did not respond to questions from the Star , on a recent radio interview with 105.9 The Region , they said they would not apologize , but rather , would challenge the ethics probe .
`` I will be going to appeal the integrity commissioner 's decision , '' they said in the Nov. 15 interview .
`` I will be asking for a judicial review , and that will take a process , and that will go and look at how the process and everything was done , '' they said . `` Members of council want an apology ; they want to say 'he was wrong , he 's done this . ' In all honesty , I am a very reputable person . My integrity is everything . ''
Craig says of all the ethics probes they have conducted , this would be the first where an apology has not been made .
`` I have investigated dozens of complaints if not more , and made recommendations to council by way of sanctions such as an apology and suspensions , '' they said .
`` But where I have recommended an apology , the respondent has always apologized , '' they said , adding they have never worked in a municipality where the `` request for an apology has been blatantly ignored . ''
Many councillors agree an apology is the best way to put the bizarre episode to rest .
`` You have to take responsibility for your actions , '' said Ward 5 councillor Iain Lovatt . `` I think it shows courage to own up to how you have made people feel intentionally or unintentionally . And I think it 's the sign of a good leader , '' they said .
`` I would love to put this incident behind us and try and salvage the last year of our term , '' they added . `` But I do n't know if that 's going to happen . ''
If Altmann does n't take any action by the Dec. 22 deadline , their nonaction could trigger another code of conduct complaint — leading to further sanctions .
But the first investigation into the wall has already cost taxpayers over $ 100,000 . Craig 's portion was $ 36,210.45 and an independent investigator cost the town $ 75,000 .
If Altmann decides to pursue a judicial review , that could be another costly venture for the town 's residents .
In 2016 , Vaughan 's former deputy mayor , Michael Di Biase , challenged the findings of Craig 's ethics probe that found they had created a `` culture of fear '' among city staff , and interfered in the city 's procurement process .
After a two-day hearing in divisional court , a panel of judge 's threw out Di Biase 's appeal . But taxpayers were still on the hook for $ 134,683 for both the city and Craig 's legal fees
Di Biase 's legal fees were not covered by the city .
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
THOUSANDS of Queenslanders are this morning commemorating Anzac Day at dawn ceremonies across the state .
SCROLL DOWN TO FOLLOW OUR LIVE COVERAGE FROM SERVICES ACROSS QUEENSLAND AND AROUND THE COUNTRY IN THE BLOG BELOW .
The local ceremonies come as Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has chocked back emotions as they reflected on the death of their wife Lucy 's great uncle , who died five days after arriving on banks of the River Somme in 1916 .
Camera Icon Bugler Corporal Aaron Madden during Anzac Day commemorations in Brisbane 's CBD . Picture : AAP , AAP Image/Dan Peled
Opening the Sir John Monash Centre at Villers-Bretonneux , the Prime Minister spoke to guests about their own connections to WWI .
They also paid tribute to Tony Abbott , who was in the audience , and invested in the Sir John Monash Centre when prime minister .
“ This afternoon Lucy and I stopped at the grave of Lucy 's great uncle , Roger Forrest Hughes , ” Mr Abbott said .
Camera Icon Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe shake hands during the official opening of the Sir John Monash Centre at Villers-Bretonneux . Picture : AAP , AAP Image/Lukas Coch
“ Newly married , a young doctor , and a resident , at St Vincent 's Hospital , Roger enlisted in the AIF in 1916 .
“ Within five days of arriving on banks of the River Somme they were hit by a shell while treating a wounded digger .
“ Roger died at the age of 26 in the arms of their brother , the fighter ace Flt Lt Geoffrey Hughes whose squadron was nearby .
“ Seven weeks later Roger 's wife , Eileen Maher , gave birth to their son . ”
COPENHAGEN , March 29 Retail purchases with the Danish national debit card , Dankort , fell 0.6 percent in February from a year earlier to 25.3 billion Danish crowns ( $ 3.67 billion ) , card payment services firm Nets said on Wednesday .
The fall was partially explained by last year 's February being one day longer due to leap year .
The data are an indicator of private consumption and come ahead of the national statistics agency 's retail sales figures .
( $ 1 = 6.8970 Danish crowns ) ( Reporting by Copenhagen newsroom )
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , they said on Wednesday .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — A Pentagon spokesperson says the two U.S. soldiers killed Sunday in Iraq were casualties of a U.S. artillery “ mishap . ”
The spokesperson , Army Col . Rob Manning , said an Army artillery unit was firing on an Islamic State mortar position “ when a mishap occurred. ” They said there is no indication that IS played a role in the deaths . In addition to the two soldiers killed , five others suffered injuries that Manning said were not life-threatening .
The spokesperson said they could provide no other details because the incident is under investigation . The names of those killed have not been publicly released .
When the deaths were announced Sunday , the U.S. military said the incident did not involve enemy fire , but provided no other details .
NIZHNY NOVGOROD , Russia — France picked up two trophies in 1998 : One , of course , was the country 's only World Cup title , won on home soil . It was also the birth year of Kylian Mbappe , the 19-year-old who 's emerging as one of the biggest stars of the World Cup .
`` Well , that was a good year for them to be born , even if they did n't see much of the 1998 World Cup , '' joked French coach Didier Deschamps , who was the captain in '98 . `` I 'm very happy that Mbappe is a French citizen . ''
? It will be France 's searing speed led by Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann against Uruguay 's defence anchored by Diego Godin on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod in the World Cup quarterfinals . The winner will face Brazil or Belgium .
Uruguay has given up only one goal in four World Cup matches , and France has scored seven — most in the 4-3 victory over Argentina in the round of 16 .
In scoring twice against Argentina , Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice ( including a hat trick against France ) in 1958 .
It 's a big stage with inevitable comparisons that Mbappe smiled about and then batted away .
`` It 's flattering to be the second one since Pele , '' said Mbappe , born in France to a father from Cameroon and a mother from Algeria . `` But let 's put things in perspective . Pele 's another category . ''
This is France 's seventh quarterfinal and its fourth in the last six World Cups dating back to 1998 and the famous side led by Deschamps , Patrick Vieira , Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry — the so-called `` Rainbow Team '' from a multicultural France .
`` In a World Cup you have the top-level players , '' said Mbappe , who plays for Paris Saint-Germain . `` So it 's an opportunity to show what you can do and what your abilities are . There is no better place than a World Cup . ''
After three lacklustre games in group play , France was electric in its most recent match , particularly in the second half when it cut up Argentina 's plodding defence . Five of France 's starters in the first group match had never played in the World Cup , including Mbappe .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Remember the Hatchimal craze ?
The toys were big news last Christmas - and the one before that - with littles ones going crazy for the mythical hatching creatures .
Although the toys are still available to buy , prices start at £38 - so it 's not exactly a budget-friendly item .
However , thanks to B & M you can pick up a similar version for £1.99 , especially for Easter .
The original Hatchimal egg is a battery operated toy which hatches when littles ones rub its shell .
Once the mythical creature is born , kids can play with the interactive animal , which grows from a baby to a toddler in three stages .
Its eyes light up and it is able to speak , sing and move .
B & M 's Hatching Unicorn Egg is admittedly less fancy , as it can not interact with little ones once it comes out of its shell .
The toy , which comes in a speckled shell , hatches when you add it to a cup of water , and once it is born you can `` hug it and take it on magical adventures '' .
According to the retailer , the product is already proving to be popular with customers , and it is flying off the shelves .
In keeping with the unicorn theme , B & M is also selling silicone cake moulds .
Costing £1.99 a pack , you can make unicorn-shaped cupcakes with the 10-piece mould .
You can buy B & M 's Hatching Unicorn Egg here . It is suitable for children aged three years and up .
ANDREW Bagnall has been taken to hospital in Orange after crashing heavily during the early hours of the Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour .
The 70-year-old , driving the No.82 International Motorsport Audi with Matt Halliday and Johnny Reid , hit the wall at Sulman Park on Lap 42 , two more cars crashing behind them as they tried to take evasive action .
“ New Zealand driver Andrew Bagnall is being transferred by ambulance Orange Hospital after an incident in the Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour race this morning , ” a statement from event organisers Supercars Australia said .
LIVE : Follow all the action from the Bathurst 12 Hour
“ Bagnall , competing in the Pro-Am class of the event in an Audi R8 for the International Motorsport team with fellow New Zealanders Matthew Halliday and Johnny Reid , was involved in the incident on lap 42 of the Intercontinental GT race at Mount Panorama .
“ He was conscious and responsive while being treated on the scene for neck and chest injuries before being transferred to the circuit medical centre , where it was determined the driver would be airlifted to hospital for further tests and observation .
“ Supercars will issue further information on Bagnall 's condition as it comes to hand . ”
A long-time sports car racer , Bagnall also competed in the Bathurst 1000 and the Australian Touring Car Championship between 1986 and 1990 , registering a seventh place finish in their last start in the 1000 in 1990 with Robbie Francevic in a Ford Sierra .
UPDATE : It was initally reported that Bagnall was being flown to a Sydney hospital , but a further report from Supercars confirmed they were being taken to Orange .
The explosion of violence against conservatives across the country is being intentionally ginned up by Democrats , reporters , TV hosts , late-night comedians and celebrities , who compete with one another to come up with the most vile epithets for Trump and their supporters .
They go right up to the line , trying not to cross it , by , for example , vamping with a realistic photo of a decapitated Trump or calling the president a “ piece of s— ” while hosting a show on CNN .
The media are orchestrating a bloodless coup , but they 're perfectly content to have their low-IQ shock troops pursue a bloody coup .
This week , one of the left 's foot soldiers gunned down Republican members of Congress and their staff while they were playing baseball in Virginia . Democratic Socialist James Hodgkinson was prevented from committing a mass murder only by the happenstance of a member of the Republican leadership being there , along with their 24-hour Capitol Police protection .
Remember when it was frightening for the losing party not to accept the results of an election ? During the third debate , Trump refused to pre-emptively agree to the election results , saying he 'd “ look at it at the time . ”
The media responded in their usual laid-back style :
A ‘ HORRIFYING ' REPUDIATION OF DEMOCRACY — The Washington Post , Oct. 20 , 2016
DENIAL OF DEMOCRACY — Daily News ( New York ) , Oct. 20 , 2016 DANGER TO DEMOCRACY — The Dallas Morning News , Oct. 20 , 2016
ONE SCARY MOMENT ; IT ALL BOILED DOWN TO … DEMOCRACY — Pittsburgh Post-Gazette , Oct. 21 , 2016
“ ( Shock ) spiked down the nation 's spinal column last night and today when the Republican nominee threatened that this little election thing you got there , this little democratic process you 've got here , it 's nice , it 's fine , but they do n't necessarily plan on abiding by its decision when it comes to the presidency. ” — Rachel Maddow , Oct. 20 ,
“ Trump 's answer on accepting the outcome of the vote is the most disgraceful statement by a presidential candidate in 160 years. ” — Bret Stephens , then-deputy editorial page editor at The Wall Street Journal
“ I guess we 're all going to have to wait until Nov. 9 to find out if we still have a country — if Donald Trump is in the mood for a peaceful transfer of power . Or if he 's going to wipe their fat a– with the Constitution. ” — CBS 's Stephen Colbert , Oct. 19 , 2016
“ It 's unprecedented for a nominee of a major party to themselves signal that they would not accept — you know , respect the results of an election . We 've never had that happen before . … This really presents a potentially difficult problem for governing … ” — MSNBC 'S Joy Reid , Oct. 22 , 2016
“ This is very dangerous stuff … would seriously impair our functioning as a democracy . … This is about as serious as it gets in the United States. ” — CNN 's Peter Beinart , Oct. 20 , 2016
“ Obviously , it 's despicable for them to pretend that there 's any chance that they would not accept the results of this election ; it would be — in 240 years you 've never had anybody do it . … ” — CNN 's Van Jones , Oct. 20 , 2016
Then Trump won , and these very same hysterics refused to accept the results of the election .
Recently , Hillary announced their steadfast opposition to the winning candidate using a military term , saying she 'd joined the “ Resistance . ”
Imagine if Trump lost and then announced that he 'd joined the “ RESISTANCE. ” He 'd be accused of trying to activate right-wing militias . Every dyspeptic glance at an immigrant would be reported as fascistic violence .
But the media seem blithely unaware that the anti-Trump “ Resistance ” has been accompanied by nonstop militaristic violence from liberals .
When Trump ripped up our Constitution and jumped all over it by failing to concede the election three weeks in advance , CNN ran a segment on a single tweet from a random Trump supporter that mentioned the Second Amendment .
Carol Costello : “ Still to come in the ‘ Newsroom , ' some Trump supporters say they will refuse to accept a loss on Election Day , with one offering a threat of violence . We 'll talk about that next . ”
In CNN 's most fevered dreams about a violent uprising of Trump supporters , they never could have conceived of the level of actual violence being perpetrated by Americans who refuse to accept Trump 's win . ( See Hate Map . )
It began with Trump 's inauguration , when a leftist group plotted to pump a debilitating gas into one Trump inaugural ball , military families were assaulted upon leaving the Veterans ' Inaugural Ball , and attendees of other balls had water thrown on them .
Since then , masked , armed liberals around the country have formed military-style organizations to beat up conservatives . In liberal towns , the police are regularly ordered to stand down to allow the assaults to proceed unimpeded .
The media only declared a crisis when conservatives fought back , smashing the black-clad beta males . ( “ Battle for Berkeley ! ” )
There is more media coverage for conservatives ' “ microaggressions ” toward powerful minorities -– such as using the wrong pronoun — than there is for liberals ' physical attacks on conservatives , including macings , concussions , and hospitalizations .
And now some nut Bernie Sanders-supporter confirms that it 's Republicans standing on a baseball field , before opening fire .
In the media 's strategic reporting of the attempted slaughter , we were quickly told that the mass shooter was white , male and had used a gun . We were even told their name . ( Because it was not “ Mohammed . ” )
But the fact that Hodgkinson 's Facebook page featured a banner of Sanders and the words “ Democratic Socialism explained in 3 words : ‘ We the People ' Since 1776 ” apparently called for hours of meticulous fact-checking by our media .
Did reporters think they could keep that information from us forever ?
The fake news insists that Trump 's White House is in “ chaos. ” No , the country is in chaos . But just like Kathy Griffin and their Trump decapitation performance art — the perpetrators turn around in doe-eyed innocence and blame Trump .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Posted by admin on February 3 , 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
SMB LAN , data centre switches drive growth
Combined revenues from networking products sold to enterprise customers through the distribution channel in Western Europe ( WE ) were effectively flat in January 2018 , declining by only -0,2 % year-on-year .
However , according to data published by Context , the enterprise LAN sector grew by +2,4 % largely driven by sales of network switches .
There was revenue growth across three product segments : campus LAN switches , which grew by +0,8 % year-on-year ; SMB LAN switches , which saw an +11,8 % increase in revenue ; and data centre switches , which was up by +16,8 % .
The combined growth of these three segments was +5.3 % and was predominantly due to small and medium resellers , whose sales of these products increased by +21,5 % . However consumer etailers also saw sales increase by +18,8 % year-on-year , although from a much smaller base .
On the other hand , despite increased sales of SMB LAN switches and data-center switches , the corporate reseller channel saw a decline in revenue from its largest revenue contributor , campus LAN switches .
In addition , combined sales of devices from the three product segments through business etail declined . In the retail-chain channel , which saw an almost flat decline for the three products segments combined , there was stellar growth of over 300 % in sales of data-centre switches , but this too was based on rather small sales in the previous year .
“ This suggests the market is continuing to shift as smaller businesses and home-office owners become more comfortable purchasing equipment like this from SMB resellers and through consumer etailer channels , and companies purchase it from SMB resellers , ” says Mathias Knoefel , senior enterprise analyst at Context . “ The growth in corporate resellers ' sales of SMB LAN and data-center switches suggests an increase in centralised purchasing for satellite offices , maybe . ”
Cisco , which was already the market leader for switches , grew by +1,7 % year-on-year in WE in January 2018 through sales of its Catalyst and Nexus products , but dropped 1,5 percentage points of market share .
Second-in-line Hewlett Packard Enterprise ( HPE ) grew by +20,3 % and gained almost four percentage points of market share . This was driven by the Aruba product family , Flexwork , FlexFabric and HPE OfficeConnect products .
Among the other top 10 vendors , Extreme Networks and Meraki stand out , with year-on-year growth of +49,6 % and +46,4 % respectively , driven by Extreme Networks ' Summit and Meraki 's MS225 and MS250 products .
The documents pertain to the first 6 months of the investigation into Prince 's death at their Minnesota estate a year ago from an overdose of the powerful narcotic fentanyl
CHICAGO , USA – Several bottles of opioid painkillers – some of them prescribed to one of Prince 's friends – were found at the singer 's Paisley Park complex shortly after the music icon 's death by accidental overdose , court documents unsealed Monday , April 17 , show .
The documents pertain to the first 6 months of the investigation into Prince 's death at their Minnesota estate a year ago from an overdose of the powerful narcotic fentanyl .
They provide clues about Prince 's use of painkillers in the months leading up to their death , and the possible direction of the ongoing investigation . So far , no one has been charged .
But the documents do not offer evidence about the source of the fentanyl that killed the 57-year-old superstar – or who might have provided them with it .
Investigators found pills in various containers around Prince 's bedroom , some of them issued to Kirk Johnson , Prince 's estate manager and longtime friend .
Some of the bottles were labeled Aleve and Bayer – common over-the-counter medications – but contained pills marked `` Watson 853 '' , the opioid painkiller acetaminophen-hydrocodone . They also found envelopes with pills inside .
Many pills were inside a suitcase with the name tag `` Peter Bravestrong '' – an alias used by the singer .
Michael Todd Schulenberg , the doctor who treated Prince twice prior to their death , admitted issuing a prescription for the narcotic painkiller Percocet under Johnson 's name to protect the singer 's privacy , an unsealed affidavit showed .
Prince apparently had no prescriptions under their own name .
Among the items police were seeking were call records from nearby mobile towers and emails from four Gmail accounts . Police said Prince was known to eschew mobile phones , preferring email communication and landline phones .
Police were summoned to the artist 's Paisley Park estate after they were found dead in an elevator on the morning of April 21 , 2016 .
Six witnesses at the scene told investigators that Prince `` had a history of going through withdrawals , which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication , '' according to an affidavit .
Paisley Park is scheduled to host four days of concerts , tours and other events beginning on Thursday , for the one-year anniversary of Prince 's death . – Rappler.com
Aug 12 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the Toronto Women 's Singles matches on Saturday Semifinal 5-Elina Svitolina ( Ukraine ) beat 2-Simona Halep ( Romania ) 6-1 6-1 6-Caroline Wozniacki ( Denmark ) beat Sloane Stephens ( U.S. ) 6-2 6-3 Quarterfinal 5-Elina Svitolina ( Ukraine ) beat 4-Garbine Muguruza Blanco ( Spain ) 4-6 6-4 6-3 2-Simona Halep ( Romania ) beat Caroline Garcia ( France ) 6-4 6-2
Air travel does n't always upset this little princess , though . They appreciated the fresh scent of the posy of flowers they were given as the Royal Fab 4 departed Warsaw , Poland in July 2017 , and even took their first royal curtsy , per mom 's instruction , as they left .
BERLIN May 2 A deal on reforms struck between Greece and its lenders is an `` important intermediate step '' , a spokesperson for the German Finance Ministry said on Tuesday , adding that more clarity was , however , still needed on issues like Greece 's primary surplus .
`` The ongoing second review of the aid programme for Greece has not yet been completed , '' the spokesperson said .
`` The work continues . The aim is that the programme review can be completed in the Eurogroup on May 22 , '' they added . ( Reporting by Rene Wagner ; Writing by Michelle Martin ; Editing by Madeline Chambers )
The Indian government has assured the public that DNA data will remain protected from misuse or abuse with regard to privacy rights . However , some critics have termed it one of the most intrusive enactments of its kind anywhere in the world .
New Delhi ( Sputnik ) — The Narendra Modi-led Indian government has approved the DNA Technology ( Use and Application ) Regulation Bill 2018 on Wednesday that would enable the collection of DNA samples to `` strengthen and support the justice delivery system of the country . ''
READ MORE : Under Public Pressure , India Announces First Sex Offenders Registry
The bill will become a law if passed in the Monsoon session of the parliament , which is scheduled to begin later this month . The proposed bill states that all DNA data including DNA profiles , DNA samples and records , will only be used to identify potential criminals and not for `` any other purpose . ''
Is DNA profiling Bill could result in large scale violation of human rights ? any idea @ India_Policy pic.twitter.com/HoNu2AovyC — KamalLochan ( କମଲ ) ( @ Kamallochan1982 ) July 28 , 2015
`` The utility of DNA based technologies for solving crimes , and to identify missing persons , is well recognized across the world , '' a government release issued on Wednesday reads .
© East News / Image Source/Gennady Imeshev Oldest Plant Fossils Ever Found Suggest Complex Life Much Older Than We Thought
The DNA data banks will maintain a national database for the identification of victims , suspects , missing persons and unidentified human remains and is expected to increase conviction rates in cases such as murder , rape and human trafficking . It will also be used to cross-match samples of missing persons or unidentified dead bodies , the government has claimed .
`` The Bill 's provisions will enable cross-matching between persons who have been reported missing on the one hand and unidentified dead bodies found in various parts of the country on the other , and also for establishing the identity of victims in mass disasters , '' it added .
The aggregate number of serious crimes in the country , according to statistics from the National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB ) for 2016 , is in excess of 3 lakhs per year . Of these , only a very small proportion has been subjected to DNA testing at present . It is expected that the expanded use of DNA technology in criminal cases would result not only in a speedier delivery of justice , but also in increased conviction rates , which is currently at around 30 percent .
READ MORE : Scientist Reveals Timeline of Clinical Application for Artificial Ovaries
As many as 60 countries have been widely using DNA profiling to solve criminal cases . However , a section of the Indian population and the media have been opposing the bill ever since it was first mooted by the government . They fear that the proposed law would infringe upon an individual 's privacy rights .
The Gautier man accused of killing their girlfriend and dumping their body behind a church will remain in jail without bond .
The Gautier man accused of killing their girlfriend and dumping their body behind a church will remain in jail without bond .
Amanda Hicks was last seen Feb. 8 at their Gautier home before it caught fire . ( Photo source : Gautier Police )
A Gautier murder suspect was in court Monday afternoon for their preliminary hearing . James Vanlaningham , Jr. is accused of killing their girlfriend , Amanda Hicks .
Investigators said Vanlaningham confessed to family and friends that they set Hicks on fire , hit them in the head , and left them to die . Them body was found behind Pine Grove United Methodist Church in Jackson County .
Vanlaningham is also accused of burning down the trailer the two were living in at the Santa Maria RV Park in Gautier .
The February night when that trailer burned , Alabama authorities arrested Vanlaningham on a DUI charge . When they were brought back to Mississippi , Gautier investigators accused them of arson . Now , they face a first-degree murder charge .
Vanlaningham is locked up in the Jackson County Adult Detention Center without bond . Their case will now go before a grand jury .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All rights reserved .
Today , Saturday , February 2 will see a mix of sunny spells and scattered showers say Met Éireann .
Cold conditions will persist and some of the showers will be heavy with a risk of hail and falls of sleet on higher ground .
Highest temperatures of 5 to 8 degrees and it will feel colder in the fresh northwest breeze .
About The Author
Publisher of World Soccer Talk , Christopher Harris founded the site in 2005 . They have been interviewed by The New York Times , The Guardian and several other publications . Plus they have made appearances on NPR , BBC World , CBC , BBC Five Live , talkSPORT and beIN SPORT . Harris , who was born and raised in Wales , has lived in Florida since 1984 , and supported Swansea City since 1979 . Last but not least , they got engaged during half-time of a MLS game .
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it 's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a `` consensual '' relationship
Rose McGowan says it 's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a `` consensual '' relationship
A law enforcement official says there 's no indication a man identified in court documents as a `` person of interest '' after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting .
A law enforcement official says there 's no indication a man identified in court documents as a `` person of interest '' after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting .
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site , and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site , and out of the elements
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he 's devastated for causing panic , but was `` 100 percent sure '' it was a real attack .
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he 's devastated for causing panic , but was `` 100 percent sure '' it was a real attack .
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer did n't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes .
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer did n't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes .
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan .
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan .
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades .
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades .
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say they molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes .
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say they molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes .
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole .
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole .
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers .
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers .
( Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP ) . Larry Nassar , right , swears in during their sentencing near defense attorney Matthew Newberg at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday , Jan. 31 , 2018 . The former Michigan State University sports- ...
( Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP ) . Katherine Ebert , left , gives their statement during Larry Nassar 's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte , Mich. , on Wednesday , Jan. 31 , 2018 . Nassar is seated far right . The former Michigan Sta ...
( Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP ) . Erin Blayer , left , listens to Michigan Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis before giving their statement during Larry Nassar 's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday , Jan. ...
( Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP ) . Larry Nassar appears for their sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte , Mich. , on Wednesday , Jan. 31 , 2018 . The former Michigan State University sports-medicine and USA Gymnastics doctor is being ...
( AP Photo/Kathy Willens , File ) . FILE - In this March 3 , 2012 , file photo , gymnastics coach John Geddert is seen at the American Cup gymnastics meet at Madison Square Garden in New York . Gymnasts who were molested by sports doctor Larry Nassar are reser ...
By DAVID EGGERT and MIKE HOUSEHOLDER
Associated Press
CHARLOTTE , Mich. ( AP ) - A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom Friday after a judge rejected their request to confront the `` demon '' in a locked room , a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted them with their children .
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney , tackled by sheriff 's deputies and hauled out of court . They later apologized , saying they had lost control . Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was `` no way '' they would fine them or send them to jail under their contempt-of-court powers .
`` I do n't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom . I ca n't imagine that , '' the judge said .
Nonetheless , they added , it is `` not acceptable that we combat assault with assault . ''
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar , who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment . This case focuses on their work at Twistars , an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing .
Nassar , 54 , already will spend the rest of their life in prison . They were sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and their home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes .
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties , but the courts have been open to anyone who says they were assaulted during their decades of work at Michigan State , Twistars and USA Gymnastics , which trains Olympians . More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties , and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified .
Margraves ' dramatic move occurred after they listened to two of their daughters speak in court for 10 minutes . Lauren Margraves , a college student , said their parents were `` filled with regret '' because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries .
`` I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they ca n't , '' they told Nassar . `` The guilt they have will never go away . All this is because of you . ''
Them father then stepped up and asked the judge if they would grant them `` five minutes in a locked room with this demon . '' Cunningham declined and also turned down their request for `` one minute . '' That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar .
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom . Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to `` use your words , '' not violence .
`` This is letting them have this power over us , '' they said . `` We can not behave like this . ''
During a return to court , Margraves told the judge that they just snapped . They said they had not known what exactly their daughters were going to say about their abuse .
`` I look over here and Larry Nassar 's shaking their head , no , like it did n't happen . ... I 'm embarrassed , '' Margraves said of their conduct . `` I 'm not here to upstage my daughters . I 'm here to help them heal . ''
About 30 more people spoke in person , by video or had statements read after the incident . The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor , defense and Nassar , followed by the judge 's sentence . Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison .
At a news conference , Margraves repeated their apology and insisted he 's `` no hero . ''
`` My daughters are the heroes , and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity , '' they said .
Melissa Alexander Vigogne , who traveled from France to speak , said they were surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier .
`` It 's not that that 's how we should respond . But it 's truly understandable - the amount of pain that we 've all gone through , '' Vigogne said outside court .
Sheriff Tom Reich said their officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor .
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said they had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar . Cunningham called Shannon Smith 's remarks `` unfortunate '' and said Nassar did not authorize them .
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is `` really unfortunate '' if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention . Nassar released a statement saying Smith 's comments were a distraction and that their accusers ' remarks `` have pierced my soul . ''
Many of Nassar 's accusers have blamed Michigan State , USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him . The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation . And the coordinator of the women 's national team for USA Gymnastics , Valeri Liukin , said they were stepping down .
___
AP reporter Ed White in Detroit contributed to this story .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
This icon of Our Lady of Guadalupe is in St. Mary Parish in Whiting , Ind . It is the first parish in the Eparchy of Parma , Ohio , to commission an icon of Our Lady of Guadalupe . It was painted last year by iconographer Christine Uveges . ( CNS photo/Laura Ieraci , Horizons )
CHICAGO ( CNS ) -- Renowned for its reverence for ancient tradition , the Byzantine Catholic Church is rather unhurried to add new feasts to its liturgical calendar .
However , in the past 20 years , the Byzantine-Ruthenian Catholic Church in the United States has added at least four new feast days , namely for three 20th-century martyred bishops -- Blesseds Paul Gojdich , July 17 , Basil Hopko , July 23 , and Theodore Romzha , Oct. 31 -- and one feast dedicated to the mother of God , Our Lady of Guadalupe , Dec. 12 .
While Our Lady of Guadalupe has been on the Byzantine Catholic calendar since 1999 , many Byzantine Catholics still are unaware that this feast , largely perceived as a devotion of Latin-American Roman Catholics , also is theirs to celebrate .
Mary appeared to St. Juan Diego at dawn Dec. 9 , 1531 , on Tepeyac Hill , in what is now northern Mexico City . They appeared to Juan Diego twice more , and the last time , on Dec. 12 , filled their `` tilma , '' or cloak , with roses . When they emptied their cloak of the roses , they found that it bore their image . The cloak is enshrined in the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico City .
St. Mary Parish in Whiting , Indiana , has taken the lead in the Eparchy of Parma in promoting this Marian devotion . The parish commissioned a mural of Our Lady of Guadalupe last year .
The eparchy includes Byzantine-Ruthenian Catholic parishes in Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , North Dakota , South Dakota and Wisconsin and most of Ohio .
The story that led to the feast of Our Lady of Guadalupe being added to the Byzantine Catholic calendar is one of an American archbishop 's awakening to the need for the Byzantine Catholic Church to be engaged in the evangelizing mission of the church in North America .
During a pastoral visit to Mexico in January 1999 , St. John Paul II named Our Lady of Guadalupe as the patroness of the Americas , and declared that Dec. 12 would be celebrated as the feast of Our Lady of Guadalupe in all the dioceses of the Americas .
Also , in this context , St. John Paul declared them the patroness of the new evangelization , calling the church in the Americas to a deeper commitment to proclaiming the Gospel and to the conversion of nonbelievers .
Archbishop Judson Procyk of Pittsburgh , then head of the Byzantine Catholic Church in the United States , traveled to Mexico for the pope 's visit and attended the papal Mass at the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe .
One of the archbishop 's theological advisers later recounted that , upon Archbishop Procyk 's return from Mexico , they excitedly remarked , `` The Guadalupana is ours . ''
They added their feast day to the Byzantine Catholic calendar by circulating the related decree sent to all the bishops from the Congregation for Divine Worship .
Archbishop Procyk reportedly encountered something strangely familiar in Mexico City in the image on the tilma : In the mother of Americas , they found the mother of all Byzantine Catholics .
The mother of God appearing to St. Juan Diego has much in common with the Byzantine tradition of a miraculous icon comes to the lowly , such as the Icon Not Made by Human Hands -- an icon of Christ -- and the icon of Our Lady of Mariapoch .
In appearing as Our Lady of Guadalupe , Mary is with child -- represented by their belt worn high on their abdomen . It is the only recognized Marian apparition in which they are pregnant . The detail is particularly significant in the Byzantine tradition , which emphasizes Mary 's maternity as `` Theotokos , '' a term which means `` she who bore God . ''
As devotions go hand-in-hand with liturgical expression in the Christian East , Father Maximos Davies of Holy Resurrection Monastery in St. Nazianz , Wisconsin , wrote a Byzantine Catholic office for Our Lady of Guadalupe , which draws heavily on Byzantine tradition to cast a new light on the miracle of Guadalupe .
For instance , one of the hymns in the `` aposticha , '' or set of hymns , for the feast takes up the traditional vespers reading for the mother of God , in Chapter 9 , verses 1-11 , of Proverbs , that depicts Mary as Lady Wisdom , calling all people to feast on their Son at the eucharistic liturgy .
At the same time , the office honors the particular message of hope that the mother of God conveys specifically to the people of the Americas :
`` Know all my smallest and most humble children that I am the Virgin who gave birth to God , The Word through whom everything has the breath of life ! They have given you to me as your mother , all you peoples of the Americas ; I will hear all your weeping and your complaints ; I will heal all your sorrows , hardships and sufferings . Repent and believe in the Gospel ! And together we will worship the Lord and lover of humankind ! ''
Byzantine Catholics in North America , who have adopted this feast and include this devotion in their common life of prayer , can contemplate a timely question : How does this miraculous icon of Our Lady of Guadalupe call us to engage in the new evangelization on this continent ?
- - -
Father Summerson , a priest of the Eparchy of Parma , is a regular contributor to Horizons , newspaper of the eparchy .
Baseball : Staples walks-off on Danbury in extra innings
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-15 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 15 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-17 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 17 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 17 Caption Close Image 1 of 17 Andrew Moy fields a bunt during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Andrew Moy fields a bunt during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 2 of 17 Justin Hope slides into second as Max Popken gets the out during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Justin Hope slides into second as Max Popken gets the out during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 3 of 17 Harris Azadian throws a pitch during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Harris Azadian throws a pitch during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 4 of 17 Drew Rogers slides back to first base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Drew Rogers slides back to first base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 5 of 17 Image 6 of 17 Drew Rogers fields a ground ball and throws to first base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Drew Rogers fields a ground ball and throws to first base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 7 of 17 Justin Hope makes it safely to first base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Justin Hope makes it safely to first base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 8 of 17 Andrew Moy throws to first base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Andrew Moy throws to first base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 9 of 17 Renato Llamas sides into third base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Renato Llamas sides into third base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 10 of 17 Image 11 of 17 Javon Hernandez fields a ground ball during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Javon Hernandez fields a ground ball during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 12 of 17 Justin Solomine throws a pitch during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Justin Solomine throws a pitch during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 13 of 17 Josh Lopez celebrates a scoring a run during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Josh Lopez celebrates a scoring a run during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 14 of 17 Justin Solomine fields a ground ball during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Justin Solomine fields a ground ball during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 15 of 17 Image 16 of 17 Chad Knight slides back into first base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Chad Knight slides back into first base during Danbury 's game at Staples in Westport , Conn. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Photo : Chris Palermo / For Hearst Connecticut Media Image 17 of 17 Baseball : Staples walks-off on Danbury in extra innings 1 / 17 Back to Gallery
WESTPORT — Nobody on the Staples baseball team has driven in more two-out runs this season than Matt Stone .
Stone had 11 two-out RBIs in the regular season and was not fazed by the enormity of the moment , coming to the plate with the bases loaded and two outs in the bottom of the eighth in the CIAC Class LL second round against Danbury .
Stone drove a 2-2 pitch over the head and just out of the reach of the Danbury center fielder , bringing home the runner from third and sending No . 5 Staples to the Class LL quarterfinals with a 3-2 win over No . 21 Danbury .
“ I just love having runners on . I know if I get a good swing on the ball , I can get those guys in . I 've been really focused with guys on base , ” Stone said . “ I 'm thinking I want to get a pitch to drive . He 'd been working a lot of curveballs and I was waiting for one of those . I let a fastball go down the middle earlier in the at-bat but I knew I was getting the curve . ”
The Wreckers will travel to No . 4 Cheshire on Saturday for the quarterfinal game .
Staples got on the board first in the bottom of the second inning .
Harry Azadian singled leading off the inning , and a batter later Max Popken hit a single of their own .
Chris Drbal would plate Azadian from third with an infield single and Popken would come in with the second run on an infield hit by Drew Rogers .
Danbury would tie the game in the fourth on a two-out , two-RBI single to right by No . 9 hitter Justin Hope , scoring Antonio Martire and Josh Lopez .
Staples pitcher Harry Azadian would pitch through the seventh , not allowing another run , and Russell Kraus would enter in the eighth , pitching one clean inning to pick up the win .
In the bottom of the eighth , Popken singled and got to third after a bunt attempt by Alex Reiner was thrown down the right-field line by the Danbury catcher .
An intentional walk to Chad Knight loaded the bases but the next batter grounded to short and the Hatters got the force-out at home on Popken .
That set the stage for Stone 's moment in the sun .
“ ( Staples ) took the opportunity and they seized it , ” Danbury coach Shaun Ratchford said . “ We were 2-7 this year and I told the seniors if you get to nine losses , you are n't going to play . To their credit , they threw us on their backs and we executed things we needed to execute . I 'm very proud of what we did ; we made it to the second round of FCIACs and the second round of states . ”
PLAYER OF THE GAME
Max Popken , Staples . Batting in the No . 8 spot , Popken was 2 for 4 with a run scored and started the rally in the bottom of the eighth .
QUOTABLE
“ Huge , huge from the bottom of the order . Guys like ( Kevin ) Rabacs and ( Zach ) Zobel and ( Adam ) Petro are getting big hits for us all year and that 's the name of the game , ” Staples coach Jack McFarland said . “ Teams are n't going to let Chad ( Knight ) beat them and other guys have to step up , and today that was Matt Stone . ”
Sericson @ stamfordadvocate.com ; @ EricsonSports
STAPLES 3 , DANBURY 2
DANBURY 000 200 00—2 7 2
STAPLES 020 000 01—3 8 1
Records : D—11-10 ; S—16-4 . Batteries : D—Justin Solimine , Justin Hope ( L , 6 ) and Josh Lopez ; S—Harry Azadian , Russell Krauss ( W , 8 ) and Matt Stone .
AUGUSTA , Georgia , April 8 On a congested U.S. Masters leaderboard full of major champions and big names , American Ryan Moore has slipped quietly under the radar in their bid to win a first major title .
The 34-year-old has put together rounds of 74 , 69 and 69 to move to four under par , two shots behind leaders Justin Rose and Sergio Garcia and right in the mix .
`` It 's never a bad thing to be under the radar , '' Moore told reporters . `` It ca n't hurt . I like to just kind of pace myself and do my thing .
`` But I 've got to go out and play good golf tomorrow , that 's all that matters in the end . ''
Moore produced another solid round on Saturday , posting six birdies to offset three bogeys to sit alongside compatriots Jordan Spieth and Charley Hoffman on the Augusta leaderboard .
`` It was very similar to yesterday , '' they said . `` I shot the ball really nice off the tee , which is so important out here now .
`` I was able to the hit some irons around the hole which gave me some opportunities and made a couple of putts when I needed to , a couple of breaks , par savers in there , and a couple of nice birdies . ''
Moore , the world number 38 who has registered five PGA Tour victories , enjoyed their finest hour when they beat Lee Westwood in the singles at last year 's Ryder Cup to clinch victory for the United States over Europe .
But the soft spoken American is usually happy to stay out of the limelight .
`` I 'm really not an emotional up-and-down person in general , '' they said . `` I learned at a young age that does not work on the golf course for me . ''
Moore will play in the final round with Hoffman , who had been in the lead since an impressive opening 65 in blustery winds , but dropped three shots over the closing holes on Saturday on the way to a 72 .
`` Everything was good , I put myself in position pretty much all day , '' said Hoffman , 40 , who is also chasing their maiden major .
The world number 52 made a bad error on the par-three 16th hole , pulling a seven-iron into water and making a double-bogey .
`` The swing on 16 , it happens , '' Hoffman said . `` It was a bad one . I was able to regroup and make a couple pars coming in , two birdies looks . I 'm two back , I 've been playing good golf and I 'm really happy with where I 'm at . '' ( Editing by Larry Fine )
[ India ] , Feb 3 ( ANI ) : The Kerala Police on Saturday honoured the Malayalam actor , who was allegedly molested on a moving train , for their exemplary courage .
Kerala DGP Lokanath Behera honoured the actor at the state police Headquarters in Trivandrum .
The incident took place when the actor was travelling from Kannur to Trivandrum .
They were sleeping in their berth when they felt a man 's fingers on their mouth .
They also stated that it was heartbreaking to see that nobody reacted or supported them ( ANI )
HOLLYWOOD — Linda Hunt , Henrietta Lange on “ NCIS : Los Angeles , ” was injured in a traffic crash in Hollywood , it was reported Tuesday .
The crash occurred on Monday when the black BMW SUV that Hunt was driving collided with a car and another SUV while the actor was making a left turn , according to the celebrity news website TMZ.com .
“ An eyewitness tells us Hunt struck a sedan and then collided with a Honda SUV , ” TMZ reported . “ Hunt was visibly shaken , and witnesses escorted them to a lawn chair on the sidewalk . We 're told paramedics evaluated Linda on the chair and then determined they needed to be taken to the hospital . ”
Hunt 's condition was not immediately known . The other drivers suffered minor injuries , TMZ reported .
The 73-year-old Hunt , who 's from Morristown , New Jersey , has appeared in more than 200 “ NCIS : Los Angeles ” episodes beginning with the series premiere in 2009 .
Hunt won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress in 1983 for their performance as Billy Kwan in “ The Year of Living Dangerously. ” They were the first person to win an Oscar for a role playing the opposite sex .
VIDEO : See Linda Hunt in “ The Year of Living Dangerously ” VIDEO : Linda Hunt accepts their Oscar for “ The Year of Living Dangerously ”
By Charlotte Greenfield
WELLINGTON ( Reuters ) - The New Zealand government on Monday named pension fund chief Adrian Orr as the nation 's new central bank governor , sharply lifting the local dollar as markets bet a radical shake-up of monetary policy will be avoided when changes come into force next year .
Orr will play a crucial role in a key period of the central bank 's history , as the new Labour-led government plans to add maximising employment to the bank 's objectives alongside its inflation target .
Orr will take up the role at the Reserve Bank of New Zealand ( RBNZ ) on March 27 , Finance Minister Grant Robertson said in an emailed statement .
The announcement drove the New Zealand dollar up by 0.7 percent to a five-day high of $ 0.6905 .
Orr served as deputy governor of the RBNZ for four years before joining the New Zealand Super Fund in 2007.Dominick Stephens , chief economist at Westpac , said markets welcomed Orr 's appointment , adding that they were unlikely to veer away dramatically from the inflation target .
`` He 's an extremely accomplished economist , he 's got lots of experience at the Reserve Bank and he 's unlikely I think to allow inflation out of the box . ''
The greater focus on employment that will shape the RBNZ 's fresh mandate marks a shift for the first central bank to introduce an official inflation target in 1989 .
Many economists say Orr would be able to skilfully walk the line between acknowledging the Labour-led government 's wider focus for monetary policy and holding off on any radical shake-ups .
Those skills would be important as Orr seeks to tamp down any perceived political influence in managing monetary policy .
The government 's junior coalition partner , New Zealand First , had favoured lowering the local currency to boost exports .
HIGHLY REGARDED
`` His strength is communications , '' said Michael Reddell , a former RBNZ official who served with Orr on its monetary policy committee in the 1990s .
`` He 'll be able to tell a good story about how the Reserve Bank fits into what the government 's trying to achieve , in that sense it 's probably a political win for the government . ''
Robertson said in the statement that the laws to change the bank 's mandate would likely not be in force by March , but the policy target agreement between them and Orr would be `` developed in a manner consistent with the direction of reform . ''
In November , Robertson told Reuters that willingness to focus on lifting employment , alongside inflation , would be key in accepting the RBNZ 's choice for the next governor .
`` I 'm delighted the Board has been able to secure a Governor with such a strong track record of delivery and public service .... Further , I consider that they have the skills necessary to successfully lead the Bank through a period of change , '' said Robertson .
As well as their stint as deputy governor , Orr served as chief economist at the RBNZ between 1997 to 2000 , a period Reddell described as the `` heyday '' of strict inflation targeting .
Orr 's later tenure at the New Zealand superannuation fund has been highly regarded by economists and financial markets . The NZ $ 37 billion ( $ 25.55 billion ) fund has generated 9 percent annualized returns over the past 10 years , according to the October performance report .
Grant Spencer , who was appointed acting governor after Graeme Wheeler stepped down in September at the end of their five-year term , will continue in that role until Orr takes up the top job in 2018 .
( $ 1 = 1.4482 New Zealand dollars )
( Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield ; additional reporting by Jonathan Barrett , Wayne Cole , Byron Kaye and Swati Pandey ; Editing by Kim Coghill & Shri Navaratnam )
A Senate hearing erupted into by a fiery exchange between a Labor senator and Turnbull government minister Michaelia Cash about their court order to give evidence over police raids on the Australian Workers Union .
At one stage , Labor senator Murray Watt forced the hearing to adjourn after repeatedly being deemed out of order by chair of the Senate economics committee , Liberal senator Jane Hume .
They felt the AWU matter had nothing to do with the Department of Industry , Innovation and Science , which was under scrutiny at the time .
`` Senator Watt is entitled to come here and pull a stunt and that is absolutely fine ... they do tend to make statements that have no factual basis , '' Senator Cash interjected .
On the resumption of the hearing , the chair said Senator Cash did not have to answer any of the Labor senator 's questions if they did not feel they were relevant to the Industry , Innovation and Science portfolio .
Senator Cash said the Labor senator had their media headline , then accused them of running a `` protection racket '' for Opposition Leader Bill Shorten , a former secretary of the AWU .
Senator Cash is challenging the court order which related to Australian Federal Police raids of the AWU offices in Melbourne and Sydney over a Registered Organisations Commission investigation into a $ 100,000 donation from the union to activist group GetUp in 2006 .
Labor accused the minister of avoiding scrutiny when they did not turn up to a hearing on Wednesday .
Senator Watt quizzed the minister over when they were served the subpoena , its nature , whether they have been interviewed by the AFP and whether they were using taxpayers ' money challenging the court order .
They repeatedly took the questions on notice and said they would refer them to the relevant committee .
Asked whether the subpoena would affect their role as a minister , they replied : `` Certainly not . I do n't think I would have been the first minister to be served with a subpoena . ''
Senator Watt became so exasperated by the lack of answers , they asked Senator Cash what the time was .
`` Will you answer that question ? '' Senator Watt asked .
`` Now you are actually being silly , senator , '' Senator Cash replied .
Four cars in the same Larnaca neighbourhood were set alight and completely destroyed in the early hours of Thursday . Two of the cars , parked in a field , were used by a forestry department employee – one belonged to them and the other to the department – and the other two belonged to the employee 's sister and their son . An hour later a prefab on an agricultural plot in the Larnaca district , belonging to the same employee , was ablaze .
Police said the cases were arson , as flammable substances were found at the scenes , and that the crimes may have been linked to the forestry department employee 's job activities . Although the police said the family had no differences with anyone , one newspaper reported that the police suspected the arson was the work of bird poachers . It also claimed that the forestry employee was targeted on suspicion that they gave information which landed the poachers in trouble .
There might not be any hard evidence to make this link at present , but the very high fines imposed on poachers could have led some to seek revenge . Last month a man was fined €8,000 for using mist-nets to trap thrushes , while in early December a man was fined €7,000 after a police raid found bird-trapping equipment on their property . We are not suggesting these cases had anything to do with the Larnaca arson attacks , but it is entirely possible that someone forced to pay such a big fine might want to take revenge .
The arson attacks were just another example of the intimidation and terror tactics conscientious public employees , trying to do their job , are subjected to . Members of the games fund have reported receiving threats from poachers on many occasions in the past , while activists have been beaten up . Illegal bird-trapping is a multi-million-euro business and the perpetrators aggressively defend their illicit earnings .
If the fight against the bird-trapping is to succeed the police must take additional measures to protect members of the game fund and the forestry department , who often put their lives at risk when they do their job . Admittedly , they can not be given police bodyguards , even though they have more of right to them than the politicians , but cracking down on the intimidation , threats and terror tactics is also a form of protection .
This is why the police must spare no resource in the investigation of Thursday 's arson attacks . If the perpetrators are caught and brought before justice , fewer poachers will risk resorting to criminal acts of intimidation . Only when the poachers feel the full force of the law might they change their ways .
New Delhi : An internal government probe has found that the Lucknow passport officer was wrong in asking an interfaith couple irrelevant questions about their religion when they visited their office with their applications for the document , sources said today . They said the Uttar Pradesh Police was also wrong in finding about their residence and other irrelevant details while conducting verification process , required to issue an passport .
Union Minister Sushma Swaraj has been facing attacks from twitter trolls after the Ministry of External Affairs transferred Lucknow passport official Vikas Mishra after they allegedly harassed city resident Tanvi Seth and their husband Mohammad Anas Siddiqui . The sources said the Lucknow passport official has exceeded their brief .
The MEA has also examined the police verification report of Seth and found that they too overstepped in finding out irrelevant details about the couple . As per procedure , the police should only check whether an applicant is involved in any criminal activity and whether they or they are a bonafide Indian citizen or not , the sources said . Swaraj was targeted by the trolls following the transfer Mishra . As per procedure , the police should only check whether an applicant is involved in any criminal activity and whether they or they are a bonafide Indian citizen or not , the sources said . Swaraj was targeted by the trolls following the transfer Mishra . Mishra was transferred from Lucknow to Gorakhpur after the couple alleged that they humiliated them when they went to the office with their passport applications . Mishra was transferred from Lucknow to Gorakhpur after the couple alleged that they humiliated them when they went to the office with their passport applications .
AUSSIE Kym Johnson and Shark Tank 's Robert Herjavec have something to dance about .
The former Dancing with the Stars partners have welcomed twins into the world .
Camera Icon Kym Johnson ( L ) and Robert Herjavec in January . Picture : AFP
Johnson posted on Instagram that their “ little angels ” were born on Monday morning .
The 41-year-old says they never thought their heart could feel so full .
The couple had previously announced they were expecting a boy and a girl .
They did not reveal their names .
Herjavec is a father of three children from a previous marriage .
The 55-year-old Canadian business person appears on Shark Tank .
Johnson made a name for themselves on the Australian version of Dancing with the Stars , where they once dated Tom Williams , who they were partnered with .
Multiple ambulances have been requested at the scene of a rollover crash involving a van in northeast Oklahoma City , Friday evening .
Six EMSA units were requested due to the two-vehicle crash involving a green pickup and a 16-passenger van , near NE 11th St. and N. Kate Ave. , just to the east of N. Lottie Ave .
According to the Oklahoma Police Department , seven people were transported to local hospitals including one in critical condition . There were a total of 18 people involved in the crash , 15 in the van and three in the truck . The cause of the crash has not yet been determined .
Keep checking with News 9 and News9.com for more information .
A 6th @ EMSAOK unit has been requested by @ OKCFD at NE 11 / Kate . Numerous critical patients . 6:08 pm — Oklahoma City Fire ( @ OKCFD ) May 12 , 2017
That 's the yield sign the driver of the truck did n't obey , according to bystanders . @ NEWS9 pic.twitter.com/Cc15jtTvjU — Grant Hermes News 9 ( @ GrantHermesKWTV ) May 12 , 2017
April 13 Matsuya Co Ltd
* Says it took out a loan of 11 billion yen from The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ , Ltd and financial institutions
* Maturity date Feb. 26 , 2027
* Proceeds was used to acquire property
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/yT7gyL
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
JOHNSON CITY , Tenn. — Desonta Bradford scored 22 points , Peter Jurkin had a double-double and East Tennessee State rolled to its 15th straight win on Saturday 81-61 over Chattanooga .
Jurkin had 16 points and 13 rebounds for the Buccaneers ( 21-4 , 12-0 Southern Conference ) , who tied the 1952-53 team for the second longest winning streak . ETSU won 16 straight in 2003-04 . Jalan McCloud added 15 points and David Burrell 14 .
Unlike the first meeting , when the Bucs led by 21 at halftime and won 85-66 , ETSU was only up by 11 at the break because of a late 14-2 run . Bradford had seven and Burrell five .
The Mocs ( 8-17 , 2-10 ) never got closer than 11 in the second half .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Posted by admin on April 18 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
It is going to be a cold night in South Mississippi . In fact , the next three nights are going to be cold with temperatures in the 30s for overnight lows . Afternoon high temperatures will be pleasant but cool , especially in the shade , climbing into the mid 60s which is slightly below average for this time of year . Wear your layers through mid-week .
George Popson , a Republican from El Paso , Texas , has always been a football fan . They enjoyed watching NFL games and rooting for the Houston Texans and the Los Angeles Chargers .
Scroll for more content ...
But this season , Popson has boycotted the NFL and they say it 's all because of President Donald Trump .
`` I stopped watching football this current NFL season after President Trump made their remark about team owners kicking out and firing any player who kneeled during the National Anthem , '' the 56-year-old told CNN . `` ... I will continue to boycott NFL games and if I happen to be found in front of the TV during the Super Bowl , it will only be because I am at a Super Bowl party with food-and-drink-and more importantly , friends and family . I wo n't be focused on the game . Patriotism factors into this decision one hundred percent . ''
Popson said that although they agree `` that people of color are targeted more and unjustly by law enforcement , '' the football field is not the place to make this statement .
Trump opens the floodgates
This may very well go down in history as the season that changed football . The President of the United States declared a political war on some of the most visible players . And they would n't let it go .
In an off-the-cuff speech at a rally in Alabama in September , the President unleashed a highly public crusade against black players who took a knee during the National Anthem to protest institutionalized racism and police brutality .
Trump lambasted team owners for allowing the protests to take place , urged fans to walk out of games and told owners they should respond to the protesting players by saying , `` Get that son of a bitch off the field right now , he 's fired . He 's fired ! ''
The President 's comments launched the National Football League , which has generally managed to keep politics at bay , into a heated and highly public debate on racism and patriotism in America .
That weekend , owners , coaches and players of various teams joined hands and collectively took a knee in a remarkable and unprecedented show of defiance .
And there 's no sign that Trump -- who kept coming back to the issue on Twitter throughout the football season and even , obliquely , during their State of the Union address Tuesday -- is letting up . They made a spectacular patriotic show of going down on the field for the NCAA championship game in January , standing there for the National Anthem . But he 's opting out of the traditional presidential pre-Super Bowl interview this year . Last year they sat down with Bill O'Reilly , then of Fox News . This year NBC is broadcasting the game .
`` Because ( Trump ) is this polarizing figure who chose to draw a line in the sand , it just shone a spotlight on the debate and gave it a kind of national profile that it might not have had if they had n't actually entered the fray , '' Dr. Theresa Runstedtler , a history professor at American University who studies the intersection of sports , race and politics , told CNN .
Trump forced coaches and owners to pick sides .
New York Giants owners John Mara and Steve Tisch expressed disappointment over the President 's comments . Meanwhile , Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones , after an early show of support , taking a knee with players before the National Anthem during a game , later sparked boycotts when they said they would bench players for `` being disrespectful to the flag . ''
Amid the upheaval , NFL commissioner Roger Goodell tried to have it both ways .
They said the league wants players to stand for the anthem but stopped short of saying the NFL would institute an NBA-like policy that would force them to stand or penalize them if they do n't . However , it 's important to note that despite the fact that NBA players did not participate in protests on the court , coaches and players -- from stars like the Cleveland Cavaliers ' LeBron James and the Golden State Warriors ' Steph Curry to coaches like Gregg Popovich and Steve Kerr -- have been more outspoken and public in their criticism of Trump .
`` ( Trump ) created a situation where that veneer of the invisibility of politics and the invisibility of race in the Super Bowl has been shattered in a lot of ways , '' Runstedtler said . `` Regardless of which side you 're on , you kind of have to actually confront the fact that the event is laden with racial politics . ''
A group against the protests called `` Standing for America '' has nearly 300,000 followers on Facebook , and so far 26,000 people indicated they will participate in their event , `` NFL Boycott -- 2018 Super Bowl , '' to voice their support for veterans .
And as the Philadelphia Eagles prepare to take on the New England Patriots -- Trump 's favorite team , given their friendly relationship with owner Robert Kraft , their golfing relationship with Tom Brady and the notes he 's exchanged with Bill Belichick -- at the Super Bowl this weekend , Eagles wide receiver Torrey Smith , who raised their fist on the field to express solidarity with the `` Black Lives Matter '' movement , has already indicated that they will refuse an invitation to the White House if their team wins .
Bigger than football
Even before Trump got into a fight with the NFL , sparking a boycott by conservatives , a boycott of the league among progressive and black activists was already in full swing .
In Greensboro , North Carolina , a group of young activists started a `` Kickball for Kaepernick '' league to protest the perceived shunning by league owners and coaches of former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick .
`` I was an avid football watcher before I began my boycott against the NFL and its repression of Kaepernick and the league 's contempt for those who demand justice and an end to state violence against working class communities of color , '' Demetrius Noble , a 38-year-old professor , told CNN .
`` I have been and am I boycotting the NFL because of the structural racism that apparently permeates throughout a league that is majority black and because of the lack of attention paid to state sanctioned violence on the part of the NFL , '' LaKeisha-Williams , a Philadelphia Eagles fan who is part of the league , told CNN .
When Kaepernick took a knee during the National Anthem in September 2016 to protest racism , they quickly became one of the most controversial figures in sports , like several others before him , and sparked a wave of protests on the field that spread from professional football to college and high school and even to other sports .
But according to Runstedtler , Trump elevated Kaepernick 's national profile .
`` If nobody had made a big deal out of it and turned it into a spectacle the protests would have been meaningless , '' they said . `` It was actually the backlash against ( Kaepernick ) not standing for the anthem that ironically rained more awareness about ( why they were protesting ) . ''
One month before they picked a fight with the NFL over the protests , Trump had stoked racial tensions deeply when they repeatedly appeared to suggest there 's a moral equivalency between white supremacists and those who oppose them while responding to violence that erupted at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia .
`` His commentary just provided additional talking points and reinforcement concerning how the highest office of the USA is out to repress and castigate those who dare to stand for justice and the most vulnerable , '' Noble said , adding that Trump 's rhetoric `` reinforces why Kaepernick chose to kneel '' in the first place .
The President 's comments -- upon which they doubled and tripled down -- prompted an onslaught of bipartisan criticism and fueled a barrage of new protests on the field .
`` Athletes , especially black athletes , realize that no matter how much money you make and how famous you are , when we have a president who constantly diminishes you and your people , it 's time to step up and do something , '' NBA legend and civil rights activist Kareem Abdul-Jabbar told CNN 's # GetPolitical at the time .
Amid bipartisan outrage over Trump 's response to the violence that transpired at the rally , about a dozen members of the Cleveland Browns , including Seth DeValve -- the first white player to join the protest -- took a knee and prayed before a preseason game against the New York Giants on August 21 .
Trump 's relationship with the Patriots looms large
It does n't help at all that Trump 's all-time favorite team -- the New England Patriots -- has been so dominant .
Last year , football fans compared the-Patriots ' historic-comeback against the Atlanta Falcons in the Super Bowl to Trump 's unexpected win against Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in the 2016 general election .
At the time , the President congratulated the Patriots and their `` friend '' quarterback Tom Brady , tweeting , `` What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots . Tom Brady , Bob Kraft and coach B are total winners . Wow ! # SuperBowl . ''
But Brady , who had received backlash in 2015 when a `` Make America Great Again '' hat was spotted in their locker , has been evasive when asked about their relationship with the President .
And in a highly publicized move that likely embarrassed Trump -- although the President chose not to address it publicly -- the five-time Super Bowl champion surprised many when they skipped their team 's visit to the White House last year , citing `` family matters . ''
At the time , the Boston Herald reported that Brady was spending time with their mother , who was battling an illness later revealed to be breast cancer .
Several of Brady 's teammates had refused to go for the White House visit , citing their opposition to Trump . The smaller attendance by the Patriots for Trump than for former President Barack Obama , when they had hosted the team , drew scrutiny and an excuse from the team .
And two days after Trump urged owners to fire players who wo n't stand for the anthem , the Patriots took a stand against Trump . Three dozen players took a knee , while the rest locked arms on the field .
Trump put the Patriots in the political spotlight repeatedly over the past two year , -announcing-a day before the general election that Brady and coach Belichick were supporting their campaign for president .
The President also said at a pre-inaugural dinner that Brady and Patriots owner Kraft called to congratulate him .
While they did not deny it , Brady played down the claim during an interview , saying , `` I call a lot of people . ''
`` I have called him , yes , in the past , '' Brady said . `` Sometimes they call me . Sometimes I call him . But , again , that 's been someone I 've known . I always try to keep it in context because for 16 years you know someone before maybe they were in the position that they were in . He 's been very supportive of me for a long time . It 's just a friendship . I have a lot of friends . I call a lot of people . ''
A lot of people still watch the NFL , but viewership is down . And while various factors could be in play , thousands of Americans from the left and the right have expressed that they stopped watching to make a statement about the debate on race and patriotism in America , which was intensified and elevated by the President 's unrelenting war with the NFL .
For more on the intersection of culture and politics , check out CNN 's # GetPolitical series .
The World Cup penalty shootout between England and Colombia
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-8 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 8 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Matthias Schrader , AP Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Image 1 of 8 England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saves a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saves a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Photo : Matthias Schrader , AP Image 2 of 8 Englands Harry Kane , right , goalkeeper Jordan Pickford , centre , and Kieran Trippier celebrate at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . England won after a penalty shoot out . less England 's Harry Kane , right , goalkeeper Jordan Pickford , centre , and Kieran Trippier celebrate at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak ... more Photo : Victor R. Caivano , AP Image 3 of 8 Colombias Mateus Uribe , reacts after they failed to score by penalty kick during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018. less Colombia 's Mateus Uribe , reacts after they failed to score by penalty kick during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , ... more Photo : Alastair Grant , AP Image 4 of 8 Englands Eric Dier scores a penalty shot pastColombia goalkeeper David Ospina during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018. less England 's Eric Dier scores a penalty shot pastColombia goalkeeper David Ospina during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , ... more Photo : Antonio Calanni , AP Image 5 of 8 Image 6 of 8 Colombias Mateus Uribe 's shot hits the post during a penalty shootout at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018. less Colombia 's Mateus Uribe 's shot hits the post during a penalty shootout at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , ... more Photo : Antonio Calanni , AP Image 7 of 8 England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saves a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saves a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium , in Moscow , Russia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Photo : Matthias Schrader , AP Image 8 of 8 The World Cup penalty shootout between England and Colombia 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
MOSCOW ( AP ) — England won its first ever World Cup penalty shootout to advance to the quarterfinals , beating Colombia after a 1-1 draw on Tuesday .
Here 's a look at how the penalty kicks unfolded at the Spartak Stadium in Moscow :
COLOMBIA 1-0
Colombia captain Radamel Falcao won the coin toss , choose to shoot first , and took their team 's first spot-kick high and straight . England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford dived to their right side .
ENGLAND 1-1
England captain Harry Kane had already scored a penalty , high and straight , in the second half to give their team the lead . This time they fired it low and hard into the bottom corner , just beyond the fingers of David Ospina diving to their right side .
COLOMBIA 2-1
Juan Cuadrado hit a rising shot to the left top corner side , high away from Pickford 's dive to their right .
ENGLAND 2-2
Substitute Marcus Rashford copied Kane , hitting the ball low and hard into the corner as Ospina again guessed correctly to their right but could not reach it .
COLOMBIA 3-2
Luis Muriel coolly hit a slow kick to the right side of the goal , wrong-footing Pickford who dived to their own right side .
ENGLAND 3-2
The first failure due to a fantastic Ospina save . Jordan Henderson side-footed their spot-kick low toward the bottom right corner but Ospina stretched to their left and used a strong hand to push the ball away .
COLOMBIA 3-2
A miss by Mateus Uribe , striking the ball with their right foot high to the goalkeeper 's left but rising too fast . The ball struck the underside of the crossbar and bounced out to safety with Pickford having dived the correct way .
ENGLAND 3-3
Defender Kieran Trippier struck a rising spot-kick into the left corner of the net , just out of reach of Ospina 's dive . The Colombia goalie again chose the correct side .
COLOMBIA 3-3
The key save by Pickford . Carlos Bacca hit a rising ball to Pickford 's right , but the England 'keeper had skipped forward off their line to narrow the angle . Pickford had strong forward momentum and beat the ball away with their left hand thrust high .
ENGLAND 3-4
For the third time a Tottenham player stepped up to face the Colombia goalkeeper who plays for north London rival Arsenal . Eric Dier placed their shot low toward the left corner , and Ospina again guessed correctly , but the outstretched fingers of their right hand could not keep the ball out .
At the fourth attempt , England defied memories of exits on penalties in 1990 , 1998 and 2006 , finally recording its first World Cup shootout win .
England next plays Sweden on Saturday in Samara .
___
More AP World Cup coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
After two days of round-the-clock work to control water flowing over the Oroville Dam in Northern California , people who live downstream of the structure are allowed to return to their homes , officials announced Tuesday .
Nearly 200,000 people were affected by evacuations after water scoured enormous holes in two of the dam 's concrete spillways beginning Sunday , raising concerns that the tallest dam in the country could fail .
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea announced Tuesday evening they were lifting an evacuation order issued on Sunday , Dan Brekke of member station KQED reported .
`` Thousands of lives were protected [ from ] the looming prospect of a catastrophic failure of the emergency spillway , '' Honea told reporters , adding that residents should be ready to evacuate again if conditions change .
`` There 's the prospect that we can issue another evacuation order if circumstances change , '' they said .
The Red Cross said shelters remained open on Tuesday evening .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency also announced that federal disaster relief for Butte , Sutter and Yuba counties had been approved by the White House on Tuesday .
On Monday and Tuesday , crews dumped enormous rocks into damaged sections of the dam 's damaged emergency spillway , hoping to prevent further erosion . The spillway is supposed to carry water from Lake Oroville around the main wall of the dam when the lake level is too high .
With the lake level still high and more rain forecast for later this week , officials rushed to prevent a catastrophe , as The Los Angeles Times reported :
`` A swarm of trucks and helicopters dumped 1,200 tons of material per hour onto the eroded hillside that formed the dam 's emergency spillway . One quarry worked around the clock to mine boulders as heavy as 6 tons . An army of workers mixed concrete slurry to help seal the rocks in place. `` 'This is an aggressive , proactive attack to address the erosion , ' said Bill Croyle , acting director of the state Department of Water Resources . 'There 's a lot of people , a lot of equipment , a lot of materials moving around , from the ground and from the air . ' `` At the main spillway , a different and riskier operation was underway : Despite a large hole in the concrete chute , officials have been sending a massive amount of the swollen reservoir 's water down the chute to the Feather River in a desperate attempt to reduce the lake 's level . `` The structure continued to hold Tuesday without sustaining more significant damage , officials said . ''
By Wednesday morning , officials said the lake level was low enough to handle rain from the next storm , Dan Brekke reported .
The damage to Oroville Dam raises questions about the ability of aging infrastructure to cope with severe weather exacerbated by global warming .
After a damaging five year drought in California , the National Weather Service said Tuesday that much of the state is on track for the wettest winter ever recorded , filling reservoirs and replenishing alpine snowpack that will continue to feed rivers for months .
That means California 's aging dams will be tested as they have not been in years .
The New York Times reported that `` of the 1,585 dams in California , 17 are listed in poor condition and 97 in fair condition , according to the National Inventory of Dams , which is kept by the United States Army Corps of Engineers . ''
On Tuesday , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called the Oroville dam situation `` a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress , '' continuing , `` Dams , bridges , roads , and all ports around the county have fallen into disrepair . ''
April 12 ClubCorp Holdings Inc :
* ClubCorp provides update on review of strategic alternatives
* ClubCorp Holdings Inc - strategic review committee remains in place
* ClubCorp Holdings - after a thorough evaluation , board of directors has unanimously determined not to pursue a strategic transaction at this time
* Strategic review committee remains in place and continues to discuss opportunities to enhance shareholder value
* ClubCorp Holdings Inc - to continue executing its three-pronged growth strategy focused on organic growth , reinvention and acquisitions Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ADDISON- The big game is Sunday afternoon , but in today in Addison , take off is a little more important than kick off .
`` It is aviation , people do n't understand that , it is aviation , '' said Scott Slocum from the Cavanuagh Flight Museum .
DFW drone racers made their way out to the Cavanaugh Flight Museum to put their flight times to the test in the 5th annual Drone Wars .
And y'all , if you 're any good , you can make some real cash getting into this !
`` These prizes are ranging from $ 100 on the low end to $ 50,000 on the high end , '' said drone racer Alex Vanover . `` There 's a lot of money behind this right now . I 've gotten to go to South Korea recently , all across the nation and then this Spring I 'm going to be going all across the world as well . ''
He 's only 18 !
At this event , there are two categories for racers to show their stuff . You can use first-person-view using the virtual reality goggles , or just keep your eye on the drone in the line-of-sight group .
Try not to get dizzy !
`` There are leagues out there , not unlike the NFL , that have teams and these drone pilots are making six figures out there racing these , '' Slocum said .
Hey , judging by this , that toy drone your kid keeps asking for may just be a pretty good investment !
32.961790 -96.829169
FOR 11 months , the perennial purple powerhouse of world netball has been forced to cool its jets .
But the long wait to make amends is finally over for the Queensland Firebirds when the Suncorp Super Netball season begins this weekend .
Camera Icon Laura Geitz and captain Gabi Simpson at the Firebirds ' season launch . Photo : AAP Picture : News Limited
The Firebirds played their final match of the 2017 season on May 27 last year .
They then had to endure the foreign role of being finals spectators with Queensland rivals the Sunshine Coast Lightning going on to win the inaugural Super Netball crown .
The Firebirds will begin their 2018 quest against traditional rival NSW Swifts on Sunday at Qudos Bank Arena at Homebush as part of a double-header that includes the grand final rematch between the Lightning and GWS Giants .
Queensland welcomed back former captain Laura Geitz to the squad during the extra-long off-season to accommodate the Commonwealth Games and will also have the services of highly rated centre Mahalia Cassidy , who missed 2017 with a knee reconstruction .
Firebirds coach Roselee Jencke spoke for every coach , player , administrator and fan when they said the season can not get underway soon enough .
“ It just needs to start . We are sick of training and we just want to play some games , '' Jencke said .
“ It 's been a long pre-season and we 've gradually built up during the practice games and finished them on a really positive note .
“ I 'm really happy with the team . I could n't be happier with what I saw at training ( last week after the Commonwealth Games ) . The ball work was executed really well and there was a lot of energy .
“ All in all , I 'm happy with where we are at and we are ready to go . ''
Camera Icon Roselee Jencke . Photo : AAP Picture : News Limited
Jencke was an assistant coach with the Diamonds at the Commonwealth Games and said the
tournament ran some players into good form .
“ You just have to adapt with the season starting so soon after the Comm Games . Some teams were more affected than others . I thought Romelda ( Aiken ) had a really good tournament , '' they said .
“ Gretel ( Tippett ) had a few good matches as part of the Diamonds training squad too .
“ Geitzy is moving better than they were in 2016 and their experience will be so important for this group . ''
The Firebirds beat the Swifts in back-to-back grand final thrillers in 2015 and 2016 and after both missed the finals last season , the traditional title contenders want to send a message to the rest of the competition by starting the 2018 season with a bang .
“ We expect them to come out hard . ( Swifts captain ) Abbey McCulloch has spoken quite confidently that this is their season , they have put it out there and we are looking forward to the opportunity to go into battle with them , '' Jencke said .
“ They will have improved from last season , they are up and about with a new vibe and a new coach but we are pretty happy about where we are at as well . ''
QUEENSLAND FIREBIRDS 2018 SQUAD :
Gabi Simpson ( captain ) ( WD ) , Laura Geitz ( GK ) , Romelda Aiken ( GS ) , Gretel Tippett ( GA ) , Caitlyn Nevins ( WA/C ) , Mahalia Cassidy ( C/WA ) , Jemma Mi Mi ( WA/C/WD ) , Laura Clemesha ( GD/GK ) , Kim Jenner ( GD/GK ) , Tara Hinchliffe ( GD/GK )
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cardiff City have reportedly had a £1.75m bid for Craig Bryson accepted .
According to The Express , Cardiff have agreed a fee with Derby County for the transfer .
The report adds the Premier League new boys , who had Bryson on loan last season , have still to be given permission to open talks with the Scotland midfielder .
Bryson joined Cardiff on deadline day last summer – and was a key figure for Neil Warnock 's men as they secured an unlikely promotion to the Premier League .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The 31-year-old made 22 appearances for Cardiff , scoring two goals . They have one year left to run on their Rams contract .
When Bryson 's loan stint was up with Cardiff , speculation grew as to whether they would return to the Welsh capital for the 2018-19 season .
We spoke to Wales Online sports writer Dominic Booth , who covers the Bluebirds , to get their take on the situation in May .
“ They need someone to bring more control and creativity to the midfielder and they have plenty of energy in the shape of Joe Ralls , ” Booth said when asked if Bryson could stay at Cardiff beyond the summer .
“ Warnock may keep Bryson , more as a back-up option , because I think they need a bit more quality , to be honest . ”
They added : “ There 's definitely a chance ( of them signing ) because of how much Warnock admires Bryson .
“ It will depend on how the Bluebirds ' pursuit of other targets fares over the summer . ”
April 10 Knight Transportation Inc
* Knight Transportation and Swift Transportation announce all stock transaction with a combined enterprise value of $ 6 billion
* Deal expected to be accretive to adjusted EPS
* Knight Transportation Inc - Under terms each Swift share will convert into 0.72 shares of Knight-Swift by means of a reverse stock split
* Companies to maintain distinct brands and operations
* Knight Transportation Inc - Implied value per share of Swift is $ 22.07
* Knight Transportation Inc- Transaction is expected to be accretive to adjusted earnings per share
* Knight Transportation - Deal with expected pre-tax synergies of approximately $ 15 million in second half of 2017 , $ 100 million in 2018 , and $ 150 million in 2019
* Knight Transportation Inc - Swift stockholders will own about 54 percent and Knight stockholders will own approximately 46 percent of combined company
* Knight Transportation - New co will remain headquartered in Phoenix , Arizona operating with about 23,000 tractors , 77,000 trailers , and 28,000 employees
* Knight Transportation Inc - Post-closing , Knight-Swift expects to pay its stockholders quarterly dividends of $ 0.06 per share
* Knight Transportation Inc - Companies expect net capital expenditures to be approximately $ 345 million to $ 410 million for full year 2017
* Board of directors of Knight-Swift will comprise all Knight directors and four current Swift directors
* Knight Transportation - Swift credit facilities not required to be refinanced in connection with closing but may be refinanced in future
* Knight Transportation - Executive team of Knight-Swift will be led by Kevin Knight as executive chairperson , Dave Jackson as chief executive officer
* Executive team of Knight-Swift will also be led by adam Miller as Chief Financial Officer
* Following close of transaction , Kevin Knight will serve as president of Swift Operating Entities
* Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC served as financial advisor to Swift for the transaction
* Under terms each share of Knight will be exchanged for one Knight-Swift share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
As a valued reader of the Daily Telegraph , here is an exclusive look at tomorrow 's front page tonight . Christopher Dore , Editor .
► Malcolm Turnbull has admitted for the first time being wrong to set the famous Newspoll benchmark as a key reason for toppling Tony Abbott . The Prime Minister told The Daily Telegraph 's MirandaLive radio show : “ I do regret having said it ” as it was a distraction from launching the coup on economic and leadership grounds .
Christopher Dore , Editor , Daily Telegraph
Officials of the University of Pennsylvania say it has been a century since the university last revoked an honorary degree
Published 11:55 AM , February 03 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The University of Pennsylvania decided to revoke the honorary degrees of Las Vegas casino billionaire Steve Wynn and actor Bill Cosby following allegations of sexual assault against the two .
In a message to the Penn Community on Thursday , February 1 , Penn Board of Trustees chair David Cohen and university president Amy Gutmann said they `` felt it was imperative to examine Mr Wynn 's recognized presence on Penn 's campus '' after allegations of decades of sexual misconduct .
Wynn – a former Penn Trustee and College alumnus – recently stepped down as Republican National Committee finance chairperson , a position they assumed after US President Donald Trump took office in January 2017 .
According to Cohen and Gutmann , a small group of trustees , alumni , deans , and faculty deliberated on the nature of the charges against Wynn . The same group made recommendations to the executive committee of the Penn Board of Trustees .
`` First , we will remove the name Wynn Commons , named for Mr Wynn , from the centrally located outdoor plaza bounded by Houston Hall , Claudia Cohen Hall , College Hall , and Irvine Auditorium , '' the announcement read .
`` Second , Mr Wynn 's name will be removed from a scholarship fund established by a donation from him . The scholarships will continue to be awarded . Third , we will revoke Mr Wynn 's honorary degree . ''
The university also decided to revoke Cosby 's honorary degree , saying that the `` multiple and highly credible charges '' against the actor `` warranted the same action . ''
Around 60 women have publicly accused Cosby of being a serial sexual predator , but most of the alleged abuse happened too long ago to prosecute .
Cosby went on trial in June 2017 , after they were accused of drugging and molesting a former university basketball official at their Philadelphia home in 2004 .
The University of Pennsylvania officials on Thursday said it has been a century since the university last revoked an honorary degree .
`` Our nation is currently undergoing a profound reckoning regarding the role and extent of sexual misconduct in all areas of our society . It is incumbent on all of us to address these issues wherever and whenever we find that they affect our extended community , '' Cohen and Gutmann said .
They added : `` As a University , we have always been , and will always continue to be , looked to by our alumni and neighbors , our faculty , and most of all by our students , for moral leadership . We must not – we can not – fail to provide it . '' – with reports from Agence France-Presse/Rappler.com
Tira Woods and David Potts Sr. served as the keynote speakers for a very special event at Ingalls Shipbuilding as part of Black History Month . The two shared powerful messages of overcoming adversity and reaching the top .
Dave Zirin of The Nation magazine , is apparently furious that “ racist ” President Donald Trump is preparing to issue a posthumous pardon for Jack Johnson , America 's first black heavyweight boxing champion .
Johnson , who died in 1946 , was sentenced to ten months in prison in 1912 on a charge that was filed only because they were a black man . Therefore , a pardon makes sense , but strangely , even our first black president Barack Obama refused to right this century-old wrong .
Trump was approached with the idea of a pardon for Johnson by Hollywood action picture star Sylvester Stallone . Trump themselves made a note of this in an April 21 tweet .
“ Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson , ” Trump wrote . “ His trials and tribulations were great , their life complex and controversial . Others have looked at this over the years , most thought it would be done , but yes , I am considering a Full Pardon ! ”
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson . Their trials and tribulations were great , their life complex and controversial . Others have looked at this over the years , most thought it would be done , but yes , I am considering a Full Pardon ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) April 21 , 2018
But after the news broke , The Nation 's sports editor Dave Zirin erupted in a furor that Trump was going to be the president to pardon Johnson after both W. Bush and even Barack Obama ignored the pleas to come to the boxer 's aide .
Zirin went into a tailspin about Trump in a n April 23 screed , Newsbusters reported :
Donald Trump is a racist and a bigot . They have a fifty-year history that demonstrates this time and time again . I could write — as so many have — yet another scroll-length listing of the man 's racial perversions , from housing discrimination to their promotion of the racist birther theory to their equivocation on condemning the Klan in Charlottesville to their reference just this week to ‘ breeding ' when discussing immigration . We are a country that just used the political tool of 18th and 19th century slaveholders — the Electoral College — to elect a white-supremacy sympathizer even though they received three million fewer votes than theirs opponent . This is a sick system , and it lacks the moral authority to pardon Jack Johnson for any reason other than its own public relations . It 's not for us to forgive Jack Johnson . The opposite is the case .
Zirin went on to exclaim that it is “ repellant ” that Trump would pardon Johnson because Trump “ lacks the credibility to either pardon or exonerate ” the boxer .
Then Zirin got out their crystal ball to divine how Trump would have felt about the world class boxer if they were around during Johnson 's heyday . “ Donald Trump would have despised Jack Johnson , and the feeling would have been very mutual , ” the soothsaying Zirin insisted :
100 plus years ago , Trump would have hated Jack Johnson . He 'd hate them for their independence . Their very existence challenged what white men like Trump believed . Trump would be just like those other politicians , scheming ways to go after Johnson . In Johnson 's day , the same white politicians that tried to stop them from fighting , also turned a blind eye to lynchings . They are the same politicians , like Trump , who demanded that black men die , for supposed crimes , even if they were innocent .
Considering that until they became president , there is little history of people calling Donald Trump a racist , this proclamation by Zirin seems based only on their hate for their presidency as opposed to any logical prediction of Trump 's predilections .
Naturally , Zirin ignores the fact that America 's first black president , Barack Obama , was asked — not once but twice — to pardon the boxer . Senators Cory Booker and John McCain both sent letters to Obama to pardon Jonson , yet Obama ignored the requests .
Jack Johnson did , indeed , face “ trials and tribulations , ” as the president noted in their tweet , but it was mostly due to the racist “ law ” they were subjected to . They went from being celebrated across the land as a champion athlete to being pursued and treated like a subhuman due to a Jim Crow-inspired federal law called the Mann Act .
The Mann Act was ostensibly about ending “ white slavery ” and was supposed to put a crimp in women — especially European immigrants — from being lured into prostitution . But it was often a racially motivated charge and was used to slap down certain members of society that the establishment did n't like . ( In fact , the law was used against such “ subversives ” as Charlie Chaplin and even rock-n-roller Chuck Berry . )
Johnson was accused of transporting their own wife across state lines for “ immoral purposes. ” How did the accusers come to this claim ? As it happened Johnson 's wife was a white woman in a day when Jim Crow was at the height of its influence and authorities did n't much like the fact that Johnson married white women . Authorities claimed that the boxer 's wife , Lucille Cameron , was a “ prostitute . ”
Still , the case of transporting Lucille Cameron fell apart . Despite this Johnson was charged again a month later when they were caught driving a white woman named Belle Schreiber across state lines . The charges stuck in the second case , and Johnson was sentenced to a ten-month prison sentence .
But the only reason they were targeted and convicted is because they were a famous black man flaunting their wealth and position in the age of Jim Crow . If anyone deserves a pardon , it is this man . Sadly , they passed away decades ago , but at least a pardon would officially clear their name and right a wrong . So , why would it matter who issued a pardon ?
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @ warnerthuston .
Putin says Russia 's economic crisis is over , inflation falling
MOSCOW , June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia 's economic crisis was over and that inflation , already at a historic low , would fall further to 4 percent this year .
[ India ] , Feb 3 ( ANI ) : Another accused named Rahat Qureshi was arrested on Saturday in connection with the communal violence in Uttar Pradesh 's Kasganj district .
Earlier on January 31 , the Uttar Pradesh Police arrested Salim , the prime accused in the killing of Chandan Gupta during the communal flare-up in the district on Republic Day .
The clash had broken out after an unauthorised bike rally was taken out by RSS-affiliated students ' group Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP ) in the city to commemorate the Republic Day and allegedly stones were pelted at them during the roadshow . ( ANI )
The Welsh Ambulance Service is set to receive 90 new operational vehicles thanks to a £8.2m investment from the Welsh Government .
Health Secretary Vaughan Gething announced the news last Thursday .
The investment will allow the service to purchase 18 Emergency Ambulances , 67 Non Emergency Patient Transport Service ( NEPTS ) and five specialist Hazardous Area Response Team ( HART ) vehicles , to replace their existing fleet .
The Welsh Ambulance Service currently has over 700 vehicles which cover an area of more than 8,000 square miles across Wales .
Since 2011 , the Welsh Government has invested almost £45m in new ambulance vehicles for the Welsh Ambulance Service .
Health Secretary , Vaughan Gething said : “ The Welsh Ambulance Service continues to experience a growing demand for its services every year .
“ The £8.2 million investment I 'm announcing today will enable the Welsh Ambulance Service to continue upgrading its existing fleet , allowing the service to deliver the best care for people in Wales .
“ This will ensure the ambulance service is able to deploy the most appropriate clinician in the most appropriate vehicle , ensuring people receive the quickest response possible . ”
Richard Lee , Director of Operations for the Welsh Ambulance Service said :
“ In Wales we 're proud to have some of the most up-to-date and best equipped ambulances to benefit our patients and staff .
“ Whether we 're attending emergency calls , taking non-emergency patients to appointments or providing life-saving care at major incidents , it 's vital that we have a modern fleet capable of responding to everyone 's needs .
“ We would like to thank the Welsh Government for its continued support as we aim to further improve the services and quality of care we provide for our patients . ”
March 31 Trelleborg AB , Hexpol
* Trelleborg sells compounding operation in the Czech Republic to Hexpol
* Says transaction is expected to result in a book capital gain of approximately SEK 450 m after tax .
* Says divested operation , which had annual external sales of approximately SEK 300 m in 2016 and profitability in line with level for Trelleborg , will be deconsolidated on March 31 , 2017
* Hexpol says acquisition price is estimated to approximately 65 MEUR on a cash and debt free basis and has been funded by a combination of cash and existing bank facilities Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Stockholm Newsroom )
© REUTERS/ Juan Medina Spanish Parliament Discusses No-Confidence Motion Against Prime Minister Rajoy
MADRID ( Sputnik ) — The lower house of Spain 's parliament on Wednesday failed to pass the motion of no confidence in the government of Mariano Rajoy .
After the debate which started on Tuesday and continued on Wednesday , 82 parliamentarians voted in favor of ousting Prime Minister Rajoy , while 170 were against the move and 97 members of the parliament abstained from the vote . One parliamentarian did not participate in voting . The vote of no confidence needs to be passed by the overall majority of the house corresponding to 176 parliamentarians from 350 .
The vote to ouster the government of the ruling People 's Party ( PP ) was initiated by opposition Unidos Podemos ( United We Can ) leftist alliance , including Podemos and United Left parties , which proposed Podemos leader Pablo Manuel Iglesias Turrion as a candidate for the position of the president of the Spanish government instead of Rajoy .
The alliance considers the numerous court trials around the PP officials as the reason for the ouster . Apart from that , the government 's failure to regulate the issue related to striving of Spain 's autonomous region of Catalonia to separate from Madrid through the independence referendum , is also regarded by the opposition as a reason for the government 's ouster .
© AP Photo/ Daniel Ochoa de Olza Thousands Rally in Spain in Support for Non-Confidence Vote for PM Rajoy
In their address during the hearings , Iglesias said that Rajoy would go down in history as the `` corruption president '' because the PP headed by Rajoy `` crossed all the acceptable borders . ''
`` The Spanish citizens do not deserve to have breakfast amid another news on corruption , '' Iglesias pointed out .
The Podemos leader also criticized the government 's failure to establish dialogue with the Catalan authorities and grant Catalonia the possibility to independently determine the fate of their region at the referendum .
Rajoy , in turn , called the leftist party initiative as a `` stage play . ''
`` It is not an attempt to overthrow the government , it is just a play . Since the first day , when you announced the initiative , it was clear that it would fail , '' Rajoy said addressing the opposition group .
Major Spain 's opposition force Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party and the Citizens party announced that they would not support the vote of no confidence before it took place .
Previously , the Spanish parliament tried to pass the vote of no confidence in 1980 and 1987 , failing both times .
Thousands of the Spanish supported passing the vote of no confidence in Rajoy and the PP in a major rally in the country 's capital of Madrid in May .
Rajoy 's governance has been overshadowed by a number of corruption scandals including the landmark Gurtel case launched in October 2016 , after nine years of investigations . Under the case , 37 PP members were accused of involvement in a corruption network by giving public contracts worth over 350 million euros ( $ 382 million ) after having received bribes . Some of the involved PP members , including the party 's treasurer , testified that the PP leadership was aware of the scheme .
Rajoy is expected to testify as a witness in a court in Gurtel trial on July 26 .
Staples Inc ( SPLS.O ) is in talks with private equity firms about a potential sale , sources familiar with the matter said on Tuesday , as the largest U.S. office-supplies seller tests buyer appetite for an industry rattled by online competition and hefty debt burdens .
A sale to an investment firm could help Staples escape the glare of the public market , where its shares have more than halved in three years . The move comes less than a year after its proposed merger with rival retailer Office Depot Inc ( ODP.O ) was torpedoed on antitrust grounds .
The sources spoke on condition of anonymity because the process is confidential . Staples spokesperson Mark Cautela declined to comment on Tuesday .
Framingham , Massachusetts-based Staples had a market value of $ 5.65 billion as of Monday . Staple shares rose as much as 15.5 percent on Tuesday , and were still up 10.1 percent at $ 9.54 in afternoon trading .
Staples , which made its name selling papers and pens , has for years been hurt by the digitisation of the workplace and increased competition from online retailers including Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN.O ) and big-box stores such as Costco Wholesale Corp ( COST.O ) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc ( WMT ) .
In 2015 , it tried to address these challenges by merging with rival Office Depot , but the deal was called off a year later due to antitrust concerns .
Since then , Staples has announced cost-cutting plans and operational restructuring . Last year , it sold its UK business to restructuring specialist Hilco Capital for a `` nominal '' amount and a majority stake of its European business to private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management LP .
In the United States , it has focussed on selling to small businesses in light of changing consumer habits and has embarked on an office sharing programme , opening up some of its stores as communal working space .
Staples , which has 1,255 stores in the United States and 304 in Canada , last month announced plans to sell roughly 60 stores in North America .
Staple has made executive changes as well , appointing Shira Goodman as CEO in September . Goodman , who had held a number of positions as Staples , also worked for years as a consultant at consulting firm Bain and Co .
Private equity firm Bain Capital LLC helped support the founding of Staples in the 1980s and took it public in 1989 . Staple has the largest market share of office supply stores in the United States at 48 percent and that share has been increasing since 2011 , according to Euromonitor .
TROUBLED SECTOR
Private-equity acquisitions of retailers have become increasingly rare , as the investment firms worry about increasing headwinds facing the industry and their portfolio companies struggle with the debt burden left behind from leveraged buyouts . Retail deals comprised the smallest share of mergers and acquisitions in the first quarter of the year , according to Thomson Reuters data .
Sporting goods retailer Sports Authority , backed by buyout firm Leonard Green & Partners , filed for bankruptcy last year . The owners of high-end U.S. department store chain Neiman Marcus , Ares Management LP ( ARES.N ) and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board CPPIB have begun to consult restructuring advisers .
The level of debt issued by U.S. retailers trading at distressed levels remains elevated , credit rating agency Standard & Poor 's said last month . In early March , Standard & Poor 's had taken 20 negative actions against retailers , including downgrades of iconic department stores including Macy 's Inc ( M.N ) .
Moody 's said in an outlook note last year that the office supply sector will continue to struggle , with operating profit expected to be nearly flat in 2017 .
Still , Staples ' bonds maturing in 2018 are trading at face value , indicating investor confidence in the company .
In its most recent quarter , Staples recorded a net loss of $ 615 million and a sales decline of 3 percent compared with the prior year . It expects to have at least $ 500 million in free cash flow this year , according to its quarterly earnings . The Wall Street Journal first reported earlier on Tuesday that Staples was exploring a sale .
( Reporting by Lauren Hirsch and Jessica DiNapoli in New York and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Martina D'Couto and Matthew Lewis )
LONDON British lawmakers should campaign to make the energy market more competitive instead of pushing `` ill-considered '' regulation , the head of Britain 's energy lobby group said , days after the ruling Conservative Party promised an energy price cap .
The party of Prime Minister Theresa May , campaigning to broaden its majority in a June 8 snap election , has said it would cap domestic energy tariffs , responding to voter discontent about energy bills that have doubled over the past decade .
The pledge sent the stocks of Britain 's two biggest energy suppliers , Centrica ( CNA.L ) and SSE ( SSE.L ) , down by as much as 5 percent earlier this week as a price cap would hurt their revenue .
EnergyUK , the industry group representing more than 90 British energy suppliers and producers , urged politicians to emphasise policies that will help make the market more competitive .
`` Ill-considered or poorly constructed regulation risks removing the competitive impetus that has driven the huge benefits seen in the market we have today , '' said EnergyUK Chief Executive Lawrence Slade .
The lobby group warned that further price regulation would create huge uncertainty and potentially put at risk some of the 180 billion pounds ( $ 232 billion ) of investments needed to modernise power stations and networks by 2030 .
Centrica ( CNA.L ) Chief Executive Iain Conn said this week that a price cap proposal suggested some in May 's government did not believe in free markets at a time when it is pinning its hopes on free trade once Britain leaves the European Union .
( Reporting by Karolin Schaps ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
Posted by admin on January 2 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
They were intended to be places of safety and peace . But , much like schools , churches are what law enforcement calls a `` soft target '' for violence .
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
RICHMOND , Va. — For the first time in 90 years , the Byrd Theatre unveiled new seats Friday in the first phase of their seat replacement project .
The Byrd Theatre celebrated the new seats with a public ribbon cutting ceremony .
The new center section seating features 234 new seats with more legroom and cup holders . Officials said additional seats will be added next year .
The public also has an opportunity to name the new seats with a donation to the Byrd Theatre Foundation . If you would like more information about sponsoring a new seat , click here .
'After 6 years going hard , non stop , we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you , we do need to take some time for now to go on a hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors , ' the group says
Published 11:09 AM , March 20 , 2018
NEW YORK , USA – Fifth Harmony , the all-female pop group born on a TV singing contest , on Monday , March 19 announced an indefinite hiatus as its members pursue solo careers .
The group 's original fifth member , 21-year-old Camila Cabello , had already left and scored a big success with their smash hit `` Havana . ''
The Miami-based group had come together in 2012 after the singers auditioned on the television show The X Factor .
Posting a statement on social media , which has been vital to the group 's rise , the singers said they had appreciated the time `` to grow creatively and really find our footing as individuals . ''
`` After 6 years going hard , non stop , we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you , we do need to take some time for now to go on a hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors , '' it said .
A post shared by Fifth Harmony ( @ fifthharmony ) on Mar 19 , 2018 at 6:00am PDT
The quartet – Ally Brooke , Normani Kordei , Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui , whose ages range from 20 to 24 -- said they would keep their concert commitments through the end of the year .
Fifth Harmony , who released 3 studio albums , has pursued the classic pop sound of girl bands but with an R & B and Latin tinge .
With photo shoots full of sex appeal , Fifth Harmony has incorporated themes of female empowerment on tracks such as `` Boss '' but also possesses a raciness , notably on hit `` Work from Home '' about sending pictures by phone to a lover .
Fifth Harmony 's trajectory echoes that of boy band One Direction , also created by the producer Simon Cowell who brought The X Factor to the United States from their native Britain .
One Direction in late 2016 called a similar hiatus , without formally saying the group had broken up .
The move came after member Zayn Malik left to pursue a solo career . Since then , the other members – most notably , Harry Styles – have also pursued projects on their own . –Rappler.com
BEIRUT The Syrian army captured the small town of Deir Hafer east of Aleppo from Islamic State on Wednesday , a Syrian military source said , part of its operations to drive back the jihadist group and consolidate its control in that area .
It was the site of an important Islamic State headquarters and contained a command and control centre , an arms manufacturing site , field hospitals and highly engineered fortifications , the source said .
The army surrounded and besieged it days ago as part of its campaign to recapture the areas to the east of Aleppo , including an important water supply facility for the city that it took earlier this month , and a military airbase .
The army 's advance is one of three rival offensives to have captured large areas of ground from Islamic State in northern Syria in recent months .
Turkey-backed rebels who oppose the Syrian army have also seized a pocket of territory along the Turkish frontier to the north of Deir Hafer .
A U.S.-backed alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias , the Syrian Democratic Forces , has captured swathes of land east of the Euphrates and is working to isolate Islamic State 's bastion of Raqqa , which it expects to assault in early April .
( Reporting By Angus McDowall ; Editing by Julia Glover )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Tenet Healthcare Corp :
* GLENVIEW CAPITAL MANAGEMENT SAYS ON FEB 2 , IT SENT A NOTICE TO TENET HEALTHCARE - SEC FILING
* GLENVIEW CAPITAL MANAGEMENT SAYS NOTICE PROPOSES AMENDMENT TO TENET HEALTHCARE ‘ S BYLAWS AT THE 2018 ANNUAL STOCKHOLDERS ' MEETING
* GLENVIEW CAPITAL MANAGEMENT SAYS BELIEVES PROPOSAL TO AMEND TENET HEALTHCARE 'S BYLAWS `` WILL ENHANCE GOVERNANCE OVERSIGHT BY STOCKHOLDERS '' Source text : ( bit.ly/2DWu1xx ) Further company coverage :
The United Nations Human Rights Committee calls on the Philippines to take its treaty obligation seriously
MANILA , Philippines – A United Nations body wrote anew to Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III , warning the Philippines against taking any “ retrogressive measures ” on the death penalty following the bill 's passage in the House of Representatives .
In a letter to Pimentel , Yuji Iwasawa , chair of the UN Human Rights Committee , expressed the body 's “ grave concern ” over the bill 's passage .
“ The Committee is currently in session in Geneva . It expresses its grave concern at information if it has received about the passage of a bill through the Houses of Congress [ House of Representatives ] to reintroduce the death penalty , for drug-related offenses , in the Philippines . It understands that the Senate will consider this bill soon , ” the letter dated March 27 said .
“ On behalf of the Committee , I call on the State party [ Philippines ] to takes its obligation under the ICCPR and the Second Option Protocol seriously and refrain from taking any retrogressive measures , which would only undermine human progress to date , ” Iwasawa added .
The UN official reminded Pimentel that the Philippines ratified the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the 2 Optional Protocols , which prohibit the reimposition of the death penalty once the legislation is already revoked .
Article 6 of the ICCPR , which the country ratified in 1986 , states that “ in those States which have not abolished the death penalty , the sentence of death can only be applied for the most serious crimes . ”
Iwasawa added : “ Under the same article , once death penalty is abolished , through amending domestic law or acceding to the Second Optional Protocol , States are barred from reintroducing it . ”
The Philippines abolished death penalty in 2006 through Republic Act 9346 . It agreed to the 2nd protocol in 2007 .
In December 2016 , the UN human rights chief Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein wrote a letter to Pimentel and Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez , a key proponent of the death penalty , warning them of international law breach if the bill is passed .
Zeid also said “ international law does not permit a State that has ratified or acceded to the Second Optional Protocol to denounce it or withdraw from it . ”
While the measure was quickly approved by the House on March 2017 , it would have a hard time in the Senate , where the bill is not a priority . – Rappler.com
WICHITA , Kan. ( AP ) — Authorities say a man has been killed in a hit-and-run crash in Wichita .
Police Lt. Rick Moscicki says the man was pronounced dead at the scene after officers responded around 9:20 p.m. Monday . After the driver who hit them took off , three other vehicles stopped to keep other drivers from running over the man .
The victim 's name was n't immediately released . Police do n't know why they were in the road .
A BRISBANE research facility will be the first in the world to trial a new therapy for advanced melanoma on patients .
The Gallipoli Research Centre at Greenslopes Private Hospital will be investigating the combinational therapy which is made up of a registered immuno-oncology drug and a new targeting drug .
Disease remission or prevention of further tumour spread have been touted as potential outcomes of the trial .
There is currently one patient who undergoing the trial , which is expected to last for one year .
Dr Victoria Atkinson , who is one of the principal investigators involved in the trial , said the new combination trail would look at improving the immune system of patients with melanoma .
They said current immune therapies do n't work for everyone , but the new drug was a new immune therapy designed to help fight tumours .
“ Recent advancements in cancer research and clinical trials are gradually creating better treatment options and we are committed to continuing to explore new pathways to further enhance patient outcomes , ” they said .
The global trial will take place in 64 sites across the world .
Tyler Police Update : All 5 suspects in the burglary of Atwoods have been arrested and booked into the Smith County Jail on the Tyler PD warrants for Burglary of a Building .
BEIJING — A top North Korean official headed to New York on Wednesday for talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim Jong-un and President Donald Trump on the future of Kim 's nuclear program , in the North 's highest-level mission to the United States in 18 years .
Associated Press reporters saw Kim Yong Chol at Beijing 's airport just after noon . South Korea 's Yonhap news agency cited diplomatic sources as saying that Kim was on an Air China flight to New York that departed later Wednesday afternoon .
Yonhap said Kim , who had arrived in Beijing on Tuesday , was travelling with five other North Korean officials .
Kim , one of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's most trusted aides , is a former military intelligence chief and now a vice chairperson of the ruling party 's central committee .
North Korea 's mission to the United Nations in New York is its sole diplomatic presence in the United States . That suggests Kim might have chosen to first go to New York because it would make it easier for them to communicate with officials in Pyongyang , North Korea 's capital . North Korea and the United States are still technically at war and have no diplomatic ties because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice , not a peace treaty
Trump confirmed Tuesday that Kim was to hold talks with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo . But it was n't immediately known what else they would do in the United States . South Korean media speculated that they were carrying a personal letter from Kim Jong-un and may push to travel to Washington to meet with Trump .
Pompeo has travelled to Pyongyang twice in recent weeks for meetings with Kim Jong-un , and has said there is a `` shared understanding '' between the two sides about what they hope to achieve in talks . South Korean media speculated that Pompeo could make a third trip to Pyongyang after Kim Yong Chol 's U.S. trip .
Trump and Kim Jong-un were set to hold their summit June 12 in Singapore , but Trump announced last week that they were pulling out of the meeting . Since then , they have suggested the summit could be back on , and Kim Yong Chol 's trip to the U.S. seems to imply that preparations for a meeting could be in the final stages .
Kim Yong Chol 's trip comes amid two sets of other pre-summit talks between Washington and Pyongyang .
A team of U.S. officials led by former U.S. nuclear negotiator Sung Kim began talks with North Korean officials at the Korean border village of Panmunjom on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit .
written by : Linda Beech , Cottonwood District Extension Agent , Family and Consumer Sciences
Planning for the future is vital for families who want to preserve assets for the next generation . Learning about the estate planning process and taking steps now can help to keep those hard-earned assets in the family that worked so hard to attain them .
K-State Research and Extension will offer two regional workshops in February on “ Preserving the Family with Estate Planning ” to aid families in beginning the process of transitioning from one generation to another . An attorney and K-State experts will cover a range of topics including getting started in estate planning , estate planning basics , and farm or small business succession planning .
The workshops will be held in Phillipsburg on Thursday , February 22 at the Phillips County Fair Building and in Great Bend on Monday , February 26 at the Burnside Room of the Great Bend Recreation Commission . Workshop hours in both locations are 5:30 to 9:00 p.m .
The cost for the workshop is $ 20 per person , due by February 16th , and includes a meal and program handouts . Additional family members can attend for $ 15 each if registered together at the same time . Meal and materials can not be guaranteed for late ( after 2/16 ) or walk-in registrations .
Extension agent Anna Schremmer will open the program with introductory information on “ Getting Started in Estate Planning. ” Schremmer 's powerful presentation will motivate attendees to begin the estate planning discussion and give a better understanding of how to identify and accomplish estate planning goals .
Kansas Farm Bureau attorney Wendee Gray will discuss “ Estate Planning Basics ” as it relates to planning for death or incapacitation , protection of assets and distribution of property . Gray is Assistant General Counsel and Director of the Legal Foundation at Kansas Farm Bureau .
KSU Extension Agricultural Economists Mark Wood ( in Phillipsburg ) or Bryan Manny ( in Great Bend ) will close the program with economic , financial and compatability issues surrounding succession planning for a farm or small business . Typical estate planning goals , legal entity structure and general planning considerations will be identified .
The “ Preserving the Family with Estate Planning ” registration brochure and more information is available at Extension offices throughout northwest Kansas . To see a complete brochure and to register and pay online , go to www.northwest.ksu.edu under Events .
It 's never to early or too late to establish an estate plan , and you do n't need to be wealthy to benefit from good planning . Join us for this informative program from K-State Research and Extension to learn more . For questions , contact the Cottonwood Extension District offices in Hays- 785-628-9430 or Great Bend- 620-793-1910
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS - For about 15 years , Quintin Lee Alonzo has been serving time in prison for a crime they did n't commit .
Alonzo was sent to prison after being wrongfully convicted of killing Santos Gauna back in 2001 .
Now , he 's walking free after the real killer , Licho Escamilla , confessed to murdering Santos before they were executed for murdering a police officer in 2015 .
`` There was a lot of false evidence that was offered in an effort to make it appear to the jury that the state had an iron-clad case , when in fact they did n't , '' said Alonzo 's attorney Julie Lesser .
Nearly three years have passed since Escamilla confessed to the murder , which is why many are asking , what took so long ?
`` It is very , very difficult to get relief on actual innocence grounds , especially on a non-DNA case , '' said Cynthia Garza , Chief of the Conviction Integrity Unity . `` There are legal hurdles and legal bars that you have to reach , and you might have a confession , and if it 's not corroborated , then the Court of Criminal Appeals can throw it out . ''
While the paperwork still has to go through the Court of Criminal Appeals in Austin , Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson says Alonzo will be paid for the time he 's lost .
`` It 's unfortunate that they had to endure these many many years of incarceration , but to that extent , they will get some financial compensation , '' Johnson said .
We guess that 's a good place to start .
April 28 Caesars Entertainment Corp-
* Caesars Entertainment-co 's unit entered into an incremental assumption agreement and amendment no . 1 that amends first lien credit agreement , dated May 8 , 2014
* Caesars Entertainment -among other things , amendment provides for increase of cgph 's existing term loan facility by $ 175 million to about $ 1.3 billion
* Caesars Entertainment- amendment provides proceeds of $ 175 million increase of term facility will be held in escrow until receipt of all required regulatory approvals
* Caesars Entertainment- amendment reduces interest rate margins applicable to term facility , unit 's existing $ 150 million revolving credit facility-sec filing
* Caesars Entertainment- if approvals not obtained by july 26 , 2017 , $ 175 million of proceeds to be repaid , cromwell 's property specific term loan remain outstanding Source text : ( bit.ly/2pdGiox ) Further company coverage :
May 2 Asia-Pacific equities extended gains in April as investors ' risk appetite increased , bolstered by the French elections ' first-round results , easing concerns over North Korea and strong first-quarter earnings posted by major Asian companies .
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan , which is up more than 15 percent this year , was trading near a two-year high on Tuesday . The Indian stocks led the region with gains of over 20 percent so far this year , while China bottomed the list with a near 2.5 percent rise .
Valuation-wise , New Zealand and Indian equities were the most expensive in the region with forward P/E multiples of over 18 , while the South Korean and Hong Kong stocks were the cheapest , trading around 11 times their earnings .
Asian markets performance : tmsnrt.rs/2p308Ak Asian markets valuations : tmsnrt.rs/2p3AlYF Asian markets-Analyst revision scores : tmsnrt.rs/2oSAYZa CONTEXT :
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd flagged stronger earnings and announced a cancellation of treasury shares after posting a solid first-quarter profit boosted by the memory chip business , sending its shares to a new high .
CITIC Securities Co Ltd , China 's biggest brokerage , reported a 40.2 percent rise in first-quarter net profit to 2.3 billion yuan ( $ 333.63 million ) .
TSMC said Q1 net profit up 35 pct to T $ 87.6 bln .
( Reporting by Gaurav S Dogra and Patturaja Murugabooopathy ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
Jinger ( Duggar ) Vuolo is more than halfway through their pregnancy !
Since first announcing in January that they are expecting their first child with husband Jeremy Vuolo , Jinger , 24 , has been documenting the growth of their baby bump .
And to keep followers updated with their pregnancy journey , the mama-to-be snapped a photo of their 22-week belly , which they shared on Instagram Sunday .
For the photo , Jinger was all smiles as they wore a fitted black T-shirt while standing beside a black chalkboard that reads , “ 22 weeks ” and “ Baby is the size of a … papaya . ”
To announce their first pregnancy following the New Year , the couple released a statement on their website , which read , “ The past fourteen months have been the best of our lives as we have had the wonderful privilege of beginning our journey through life together in marriage . We both looked forward to the joys of marriage but neither one of us fully understood just how amazing the start of this journey would be . Truly , the Lord 's mercies are new every morning ! ”
“ Now , the journey has taken an exciting turn : we are expecting our first child ! ” they continued . “ We are praising God for this beautiful gift and ask that you join us in praying for a safe and healthy pregnancy . ”
“ Psalm 139:13-14 13 For you formed my inward parts ; you knitted me together in my mother 's womb . 14 I praise you , for I am fearfully and wonderfully made . Wonderful are your works ; my soul knows it very well , ” they shared .
Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo
Since the announcement , the pair has not yet revealed if they 're having a boy or girl . But regardless of the sex , Jeremy hopes the baby will be just like their wife .
“ I am praying that the baby will look like , act like , talk like , be like Jinger , and so I 've asked everyone else to pray as well , ” they said in a TLC video . “ I was a little terror as a child , so I 'm hoping that the little one will be as much as Jinger as possible . ”
Counting On airs Mondays ( 9 p.m . ET ) on TLC .
Since 2008 , Gwyneth Paltrow 's lifestyle empire , Goop , has become a go-to online destination for healthy living suggestions ( both low-key and more out there ) . But the 44-year-old actor was n't always a purveyor of clean philosophies . It was n't until their father , director-producer Bruce Paltrow , was diagnosed with throat cancer more than a decade ago , that they took a serious look at their health , they tell People .
“ When my father was diagnosed , I started frantically throwing things out . I went through a really fanatical phase of being macrobiotic , and obviously it was motivated by pain , ” says Paltrow , whose father died of complications from cancer in 2002 .
Having an admittedly “ laissez-faire attitude ” about their health prior to their diagnosis , Paltrow realized their total 180° turn was n't the answer , either .
“ I think that was the hardest and most misguided part … was the idea that I had to go all or nothing . But it 's not about that , ” they say .
Eventually Paltrow learned the art of balance — and the seven-letter word is what they swear now by , and is also the mantra behind Goop Clean Beauty , a new wellness book from the editors of Goop , for which they wrote the foreword .
“ We wanted to create the ultimate little tome that explains the Goop clean lifestyle all in one place , ” explains the mom of two , who empathizes with the challenges of clean living .
“ People think , ‘ Ugh , if I do this , I have to throw everything away , ' but it 's really just about saying , ‘ I am willing to experiment in this area ' and going easy on yourself , ” they said . “ I drink alcohol and eat french fries . But I 'm also motivated to make good changes that are sustainable , even if they 're small , like remembering to drink more water . ”
For Paltrow , it starts with being aware of the toxins around us — and cutting them out whenever and wherever possible .
“ It can be one thing at a time . I just ordered a new standing desk like a complete nerd because there 's so much research now about how carcinogenic sitting is , ” they say . “ But , there are so many chemicals in mascara , so maybe it 's buying a clean [ formula ] . Or , maybe it 's removing fragrant laundry products that are full of chemicals . ”
What motivates Paltrow to keep up their clean lifestyle simply is how great they feel on the inside and out : “ The more true you are to yourself , the more beautiful you are . And I think that goes hand in hand with making small choices . And after [ doing that ] you start to feel a little bit better and you get more motivated to keep going . ”
For more from Paltrow pick up the latest issue of PEOPLE , on newsstands now .
Ithaca College 's fall teams will look to gain momentum as October gets underway and each game becomes more important .
Volleyball kicks off the weekend for the Bombers when they host St. Lawrence University at 6 p.m. on Oct. 6 . They will hit the road for Clarkson University Oct. 7 for another match at 4 p.m .
The men 's and women 's cross-country team will hit the road Oct. 7 for Houghton , New York , for the Houghton Invitational . The women will hit the course at 11 a.m. and the men will follow at noon .
After having their first race of the season cancelled last week , the men 's and women 's crew teams will travel to Rochester , New York , to participate in the Head of the Genesee at 9 a.m. on Oct. 7 .
The football team will look to go above .500 for the first time this year on Oct. 7 when it travels to Rochester , New York , to face the University of Rochester . The Bombers are 2–2 on year and 2–0 in the Liberty League Conference . Winning this game would put them safely atop the conference at 3–0 .
The 4–5–1 men 's soccer team hopes to grab its first conference win of the season at noon on Oct. 7 against Bard College . The Blue and Gold have lost their last three games by a combined score of 2–7 .
The women 's soccer team will also be taking on Bard on Oct. 7 and will also be looking for its first Liberty League win . The Bombers are 3-7 on the season and have lost their last two matches .
The field hockey team hits the road for Saratoga Springs , New York , on Oct. 7 to face Skidmore College at 2 p.m . The South Hill squad is coming off of a 3–0 loss to SUNY Cortland .
The golf team will spend the weekend in Williamstown , Massachusetts , playing in the Williams Invitational Oct. 7 and 8 . The Bombers are coming off of a first place finish in the Martin-Wallace Invitational .
The Small Boat Championships lay ahead for the sculling team as it enters the third week of its season . The race is in Mercer , New Jersey on Oct. 7 and 8 .
THE Golden Slipper-winning combination of trainer Gary Portelli and jockey Ben Melham is joining forces again to chase more big-race success at Royal Randwick on Saturday .
Portelli has enticed Melbourne-based Melham to travel interstate and partner the in-form Testashadow in the Group 2 $ 250,000 Villiers Stakes ( 1600m ) .
Earlier this year , Portelli and Melham teamed up for a famous Golden Slipper win with “ Cinderella ” filly They Will Reign .
“ Ben has agreed to ride Testashadow in the Villiers and they will stay here until Tuesday morning so they can ride Secret Lady in a Warwick Farm barrier trial , '' Portelli said .
“ I wanted them to get the feel of Secret Lady as they will ride them in the Magic Millions as well . ''
Melham is chasing their second successive Villiers Stakes having won the feature Randwick “ mile ” on the Kris Lees-trained Sense Of Occasion last year .
Portelli is growing increasingly confident they can make Melham 's Sydney “ long weekend ” prove worthwhile because the trainer is taken by the improvement in Testashadow since the gelding edged out Mister Sea Wolf in the Festival Stakes ( 1500m ) at Rosehill this month .
“ Testashadow is spot on , they are peaking for the Villiers , '' Portelli said . “ He looks fit now but before they were ‘ fat ' first-up and then needed the run again in the Festival Stakes but is starting to ‘ cut up ' nicely .
“ He is very fit and will have their final fast gallop on the track ( this morning ) . ''
Testashadow is among 18 entries for the Villiers , which include boom Godolphin galloper Interlocuter , last-start Goulburn Cup winner Dark Eyes , ageless Destiny 's Kiss , Cabeza De Vaca , Crack Me Up , Federal , Mighty Lucky and Red Excitement .
TAB Fixed Odds price assessors opened Villiers Stakes betting on Monday and installed Interlocuter as the $ 3 favourite ahead of Mister Sea Wolf ( $ 8 ) , Crack Me Up ( $ 9 ) and Cabeza De Vaca ( $ 11 ) .
Testashadow is on the next line of betting at $ 13 with Dark Eyes , Embley , Hopfgarten , Raw Impulse and Red Excitement .
Camera Icon Jason Collett and Testashadow combine to win at Rosehill Gardens . Picture : Getty Images Picture : Getty Images
Portelli has no regrets with their decision not to start promising filly Secret Lady at Rosehill last Saturday .
“ If Gongs was n't in the race then Secret Lady would have been a moral , '' they said .
“ But I did n't want to see Secret Lady and Gongs going head-to-head and having a really tough run .
“ Secret Lady would have then needed to get over the run and be ready for the Magic Millions .
“ She has put on 5kg since their win and that gives me something to burn off between now and the race to have them at peak fitness .
“ Although they are a pretty tough little horse they are only a two-year-old and I need to keep that in mind .
“ She will have their next run at Randwick on December 30 and then go into the Magic Millions . ''
Portelli said They Will Reign is “ going enormous , looks fantastic ” as they slowly build towards an autumn sprint campaign .
“ It 's still early days but I 'm very happy with how they are coming up so far this preparation , '' they said .
Camera Icon Trainer Gary Portelli says Testashadow is nearing peak fitness for the Villiers . Picture : Jenny Evans Picture : News Corp Australia
BIG-RACE BETTING
$ 250,000 Villiers Stakes ( 1600m )
Royal Randwick , Saturday
$ 3 Interlocuter
$ 8 Mister Sea Wolf
$ 9 Crack Me Up
$ 11 Cabeza De Vaca
$ 13 Dark Eyes , Embley , Hopfgarten , Raw Impulse , Red Excitement , Testashadow
$ 15 Federal
$ 17 and longer others
Market : TAB Fixed Odds
Roscommon knows a battle is coming next Sunday if the words of selector Liam McHale are anything to go by as the home side gear up for a huge clash with Leitrim in Dr Hyde Park .
Speaking at the Roscommon GAA Press night , the former Mayo midfield great insisted that Roscommon will have to impose themselves on the game if they are to beat Leitrim next Sunday in the Connacht Senior Championship Semi-Final .
“ Championship is totally different , there will be eight or ten thousand people here , ” Liam told the Observer , “ There will be a certain amount of nerves at the start , there will be fellas mis-handling the ball , taking wrong options and kick-passes and all that but when it settles down , these players , all the work is done and they should be able to execute the game plan and execute the skills they are capable of doing .
“ We know it is going to quite crazy the first ten or 15 minutes but all you need to be in a point or two up or a point or two down at that stage of the game and when everything settles down , you 'd like to think our fitness levels would be good and we 'd be able to impose our game-plan on Leitrim rather than Leitrim impose their plan on us . ”
And the Roscommon selector feels the team are in a good place after admitting that they concentrated on the championship rather than the League “ We all decided last year to go that way and it worked but it did n't work for the championship .
“ So you 're not very smart if you do n't make adjustments on the previous year and the adjustments we have made is that we 've really worked hard with the Medical team and the Conditioning boys David Joyce and Ryan to be in peak condition for the League game .
“ That was our focus , we wanted to stay up in the League but we were n't going to sacrifice that so as to have a good championship run and to be really good on Sunday .
“ We did have a really good League last year but beaten by ten or 12 points by Kerry in the League semi-final knocked it out of us . I think we went up to that game expecting to be competitive and really it was over at halftime and that really disappointed the lads . ”
The different approach to the year also means that Roscommon have been quite happy to see the Club Championship in full swing since the League and McHale believes it will pay dividends next Sunday .
“ It kills your confidence and you see it in a lot of counties where county lads do n't play for their clubs , they just stand out there in the middle of the field . We really have encouraged them , we want to read the paper or be at that game and see them excel . And in fairness to the boys , for the most part , they have done that . ”
( Corrects comparison figure in 5th paragraph to 77 pct from 23 pct )
STOCKHOLM , March 29 Sweden 's state gambling monopoly should be largely scrapped and replaced with a system under which online gambling companies are licensed and taxed , a government-appointed review will propose this week , according to a source familiar with the matter .
The rise of online betting has eroded the monopoly , established in 1934 , with other companies now able to operate easily inside Sweden from abroad .
The government appointed a commission to investigate a licence-based system in 2015 , with the aim of bolstering tax revenues and to bring companies under state supervision .
The special investigator leading the review , Hakan Hallstedt , will recommend that online gambling firms pay a tax of 18 percent on gross gaming revenue , said the source , who has reviewed the proposal ahead of its presentation on Friday .
The proposal would allow the percentage of licensed and tax-generating gambling to rise to 90 percent of the Swedish market . According to the Swedish Gambling Authority it now accounts for 77 percent .
By scrapping parts of the monopoly , the centre-left government hopes to bring foreign-based online gambling companies such as Kindred Group and Betsson , which operate from outside Sweden and have taken a growing share of online betting , under its regulatory sway .
Not the entire state monopoly will not be scrapped . Its casinos and lotteries operations , for instance unchanged .
Net gambling revenues for the monopoly amounted to 17.1 billion crowns in 2016 , a 2.4 percent rise from 2015 , generating 6.4 billion crowns profit to state finances .
Sales on non-regulated gambling in Sweden , such as internet casinos , provided by companies abroad , rose by 16 percent to 5.1 billion crowns ( $ 574 million ) last year . The state as yet receives no revenue from those firms .
Swedish households spend on average 2.3 percent of their disposable income on state-regulated gambling , around 6,000 crowns per year .
The gambling monopoly - as well as Sweden 's monopoly on alcohol sales - has been a point of conflict with the European Union because of competition rules since Sweden joined the EU in 1995 .
The report will be published on March 31 . ( Reporting by Johan Sennero ; editing by Niklas Pollard and Johan Ahlander )
One of the organizers behind the Piano Project said he 's heard nothing but good things from it , both verbally and musically .
Two decorated pianos were placed in Kenora 's downtown core on Tuesday , June 26 as part of the public art project , which encourages passers-by to play a song , even something as basic as “ Chopsticks . ”
One is painted in the Woodlands style and sits between Scotiabank and Golden Scissors on the walkway down to the Harbourfront , and the other is an homage to modern abstract artist Piet Mondrian and is located outside the Quesada restaurant . Students in the mural class at St. Thomas Aquinas High School painted the pianos and put the final touches on them during their last week of school .
Steven Wolfe is the owner of Wolfe Sound and Music and partnered with their former high school to bring The Piano Project to Kenora .
“ Everyone seems to be very excited for this to be in our community and wondering why it has n't happened sooner , ” they said , with someone playing the Woodlands piano in the background . “ I 've personally been very touched by all the people that sit here and play . I was on the Harbourfront [ Tuesday night ] for 15 minutes taking in the beautiful views , and in those 15 minutes I heard four people playing on the pianos . It 's neat to see and it just brings a smile to people 's faces . ”
Wolfe recently finished their first-year student year in the musical education program at Western University . During the winter semester , they found out about the project online and “ saw some very cool stories ” of people coming together through music .
“ It encouraged me that I could do this in Kenora and it 's something I 'm capable of pulling off . I thought it would be fantastic for our community , ” they said .
That 's when they started looking for pianos that people were giving away on Facebook Marketplace and Kijiji . Once they found them , they picked them up when they returned to Kenora in May and brought them to the St. Thomas Aquinas mural class .
“ That arts in general are supported very well at [ the school ] and they really appreciate the value of bringing students into the community , so it made sense to reach out to them , ” Wolfe said .
Art teacher George Brunton said their students created virtual concepts using technology and then the vision for the pianos was pulled together . “ The finished pianos came together quite well , with a bright and colourful palette making these reclaimed pianos visually sing with joy . ”
The pianos will remain at their locations throughout the summer .
KCharlebois @ postmedia.com
× ‘ Racism is evil : ' Trump calls KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists ‘ repugnant '
President Donald Trump directly condemned white supremacists and neo-Nazis in a statement from the White House Monday afternoon .
“ Racism is evil — and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists , and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , ” Trump said in response to the attacks in Charlottesville , Virginia , over the weekend .
“ Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America , ” Trump said .
RELATED : Police arrest 3 , confiscate weapons as hundreds protest peacefully in Seattle
Democrats and Republicans have excoriated Trump for their unwillingness to condemn the groups behind the violent protests that left one woman dead who was allegedly hit by a car driven by a man with ties to white supremacy groups .
After blaming the violence “ on many sides ” Saturday , Trump stayed silent for close to 48 hours . letting their trademark bluntness and campaign pledges to call terrorism what it is succumbed to silence and vagueness .
Trump 's comments came as they took a short break from their 17-day long working vacation in New York and New Jersey with a trip to the White House . They initially returned to Washington to meet with top administration officials and sign a presidential memorandum directing their US Trade Representative to determine whether an investigation is needed into China 's laws and policies related to trade and intellectual property .
This was the White House 's latest attempt to clarify Trump 's comments from Saturday .
An unnamed White House official said Sunday that “ of course ” the President condemns “ white supremacists , KKK , neo-nazi and all extremist groups , ” but declined to explain why the President was n't saying it himself .
Trump also remained mum on Twitter , declining to send a single tweet of their own Sunday , only the fourth in their 207 days as president that Trump has gone a full day without tweeting a message of their own .
Trump did , however , use Twitter on Monday to push their political message and settle a score : They slammed Ken Frazier , the CEO of Merck Pharma , who resigned from Trump 's manufacturing council over their failure to condemn white supremacists .
“ Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES , ” Trump tweeted .
Frazier , one of the nation 's top African-American CEOs , has spent considerable time at the White House with Trump before they resigned their position .
This story is breaking and will be updated .
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A major national TV summit will take place in Salthill next week .
The FÍS TV Summit is being hosted by the Galway Film Centre and will bring together producers and content creators from across Ireland .
The main focus of this year 's event will be on the current landscape of TV in an age of video on demand services , tightening budgets and new ways of consumption .
Other aspects to be discussed include programming for young people and how to best reach the next generation of junior viewers .
Highlights include an appearance from Father Ted creator Graham Linehan and a panel discussion with the Director Generals of the main Irish broadcasters .
The FÍS TV Summit will take place at the Galway Bay Hotel in Salthill next Thursday the 12th of October .
Event manager Mary Deely says broadcasters have to adapt to our changing viewing habits .
Jakarta — Indonesia has invited Jordan to strengthen its diplomatic fight for the independence of Palestine .
“ The US unilateral statement about the status of Jerusalem will not change Indonesia ` s strong diplomatic commitment to Palestine ` s independence fight , ” Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said at a bilateral meeting with their Jordanian counterpart , Ayman Safadi , at the latter ` s office in Amman on Monday , according to a press release from their office .
The meeting , which was part of Indonesia ` s diplomatic efforts for Palestine , discussed preparations for the extraordinary summit of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation ( OIC ) scheduled in Turkey on Dec 13 , following US recognition of Jerusalem as Israel ` s capital and plan to move its embassy from Tel Aviv to that city .
The two foreign ministers also coordinated with regard to diplomatic steps they would take to fight for the status of Jerusalem and Palestine ` s independence .
The coordination is important because the King of Jordan is the guardian of the holy sites in Jerusalem , representative of international interests over the holy sites , and regulates the waqaf service in Jerusalem . At the meeting , Marsudi also conveyed President Joko Widodo ` s condemnation over the US unilateral move , which puts the peace process between Israel and Palestine at stake .
They stated that the international community must stick to the UN status quo decision over Jerusalem . “ We all have moral responsibility to stop injustice being faced by the Palestinian people , ” they added . In view of that , they had invited Jordan to strengthen the diplomatic fight , bilaterally or multilaterally , to prevent other countries from following the US action .
They also invited Jordan to take steps to convince countries that have not yet recognized Palestine ` s independence to immediately do it . They remarked that the support to Palestine must be demonstrated not only politically but also concretely by increasing humanitarian aid , economic assistance , and capacity building .
They noted that Jokowi will attend the upcoming OIC summit to demonstrate the importance of the Palestinian issue for the Indonesian people as well as the Indonesian government ` s commitment to support Palestine ` s independence .
“ There will be no just and eternal peace in the Middle East unless there is Palestine ` s independence , ” they revealed . They stated that public expectation in OIC member countries over the result of the summit was high and , therefore , OIC must be able to unite in defending Palestine .
Antara
Speech to Text for Rockville wins sectional
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video .
always win or go home .. but in rockville 's final season as a school .. that 's a little more serious .. the rox came to play against attica .. baylee breedlove drives into the lane and scores over the defender .. later .. breedlove inside .. kicks it out .. felicity carrington puts three on the board with a long ball .. rox up by four .. still in the 2nd quarter .. back down low to breedlove .. they make a strong move right through the defender for another bucket .. rox up 6 at the half .. 2nd half now .. carrington passing between the rambler legs .. breedlove swipes it away and puts it in with 4 and a half minutes to go in the 3rd quarter .. that 's the last field goal rockville would score in the game .. but somehow the rox hold on to win it 35-28 .. it 's been 37 years .. 19-81 since a girls basketball banner went up in the rock-a-dome it 's time for a quick break .. when we come back .. one of
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Pope Francis has appointed Bishop Brendan Kelly as the new Bishop of Galway , Kilmacduagh and Kilfenora .
The post of Bishop of Galway has been vacant for over a year since the retirement of Bishop Martin Drennan in July 2016 .
Since Bishop Drennan 's retirement , the diocese has been run by Parish Priest of Moycullen , Canon Michael McLoughlin .
Galway 's incoming Bishop Brendan Kelly was appointed Bishop of Achonry by Pope Benedict in 2008 .
The official announcement of Bishop Kelly 's appointment as Bishop of Galway is being made at a mass at Galway Cathedral around now .
After the ceremony , Bishop Kelly will address the media at a special briefing .
The new bishop is a fluent Irish speaker , and has a keen interest in education and formation .
Democrats are in disarray over the issue of immigration , as the caucus finds itself split between more moderate members and the open borders component of the party .
When it comes to demanding amnesty for illegal aliens shielded from deportation by the President Obama-created Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program , Democrat leaders are giving up on trying to shut down the federal government by holding up the upcoming spending bill unless DACA amnesty is included .
Rep. Steny Hoyer ( D-MD ) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-CA ) , for example , say shutting down the government to get DACA amnesty in the upcoming spending bill is not the Democrats ' plan .
The Hill reports :
“ I think that 's probably the best policy for us to do , ” said Rep. Steny Hoyer ( Md . ) , the Democratic whip . “ It 's also politically the most feasible way to get an omnibus passed. ” … “ There 's not a whole lot of reason to negotiate – to do anything that is not already covered by the court decision , ” Pelosi said Thursday . “ It is necessary for us to pass [ the omnibus ] to defend our country , to invest in our children 's future , to keep America number one in every respect , to do so in a way that creates jobs , ” they added .
Likewise , amnesty 's biggest defender in the Senate , Sen. Dick Durbin ( D-IL ) , told Fox News Sunday that there would be no shutdown effort on behalf of the Democrats when it comes to the spending bill .
. @ SenatorDurbin tells Chris : Congress is not going to have a shutdown over # DACA pic.twitter.com/XvYL6JQOaN — FoxNewsSunday ( @ FoxNewsSunday ) March 18 , 2018
Durbin said :
We 're not going to have a shutdown , but I 'm urging the leaders to basically come together and understand there is an emergency at hand here . 780,000 young people have their lives hanging in the balance because President Trump killed the DACA program . We have to move on a bipartisan basis to put it back in business . [ Emphasis added ]
On the other hand , not all Democrats are sticking to the plan .
For example , pro-open borders Rep. Luis Gutierrez has signed onto a letter , along with 83 fellow Democratic members of congress , in which they demand that the upcoming spending bill include an expansive amnesty that would give the majority of the 12 to 30 million illegal aliens living in the U.S. a pathway to citizenship .
Thank you to my colleagues for getting the message out : 83 Democrats Demand # DreamAct Be Added to Omnibus & That Funding for Deportations , Detention & Walls Be Stripped : https : //t.co/QjL63jKIke # twill # heretostay # DefundHate # Chicago — Luis V. Gutierrez ( @ RepGutierrez ) March 15 , 2018
Gutierrez 's demands do not stop at a large-scale amnesty for illegal aliens . The group of Democrats also demand the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) lose funding for their efforts to enforce federal immigration laws and drop all funds that would go towards constructing a wall along the southern border to stop illegal immigration .
Sen. Kamala Harris ( D-CA ) , a prominent defender of open borders in the Senate , has hinted at only supporting a spending bill that includes amnesty for illegal aliens .
Trump created the Dreamer crisis when they ended DACA . We must continue to fight for the thousands of young people whose lives were thrown into chaos by this decision and give them the security they deserve . — Kamala Harris ( @ KamalaHarris ) March 14 , 2018
Regardless , a DACA amnesty would come with tremendous costs for American citizens .
For example , a DACA amnesty would put more citizen children of illegal aliens — known as “ anchor babies ” — on federal welfare , as Breitbart News reported , while American taxpayers would be left with , potentially , a $ 26 billion bill . Additionally , about one in five DACA illegal aliens , after an amnesty , would end up on food stamps , while at least one in seven would go on Medicaid . Any plan to give amnesty to DACA illegal aliens that does not also include provisions to halve legal immigration levels — the U.S. admits more than one million legal immigrants a year at the expense of America 's working and middle class — would give amnestied illegal aliens the opportunity to bring an unlimited number of foreign relatives to the country . At the southern border , a DACA amnesty has the potential to trigger a border surge that could triple the number of illegal aliens pouring through the border . Since DACA 's inception , more than 2,100 recipients of the program have been kicked off because they were found to be either criminals or gang members .
The drama . The loyalty . The speculation about who stays and who goes . The Trump administration has it all . And so did Donald Trump 's run on The Apprentice .
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency . But as with their administration , Trump also stirred controversy on the set . A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times Trump used `` really unfathomably despicable words '' while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public .
Of course , people were n't watching then for insight into how the show 's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on their public political image . But in retrospect , there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office .
1 . Questionable language
In October 2016 , just before the election , an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women , saying , `` [ W ] hen you 're a star , they let you do it . You can do anything . '' When that story broke , former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were `` far worse '' tapes from Trump 's time on that show .
Pruitt says they do not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement , but they tell NPR that the comments they were referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews . Pruitt says Trump 's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew — that at times there would be an `` audible gasp '' from those who heard the comments .
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt 's story `` the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago . ''
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language . They started their campaign by referring to immigrants as `` rapists . '' This summer after the racist violence in Charlottesville , Va. , Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members . Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism , as NPR 's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported .
2 . A business person with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice , he 's seated in the back of a black limousine , introducing themselves directly to the camera .
`` My name 's Donald Trump , '' they begin , `` and I 'm the largest real estate developer in New York . '' They list off their holdings : buildings , casinos , golf courses , model agencies and much more .
Then they briefly hint at their past financial challenges .
`` But it was n't always so easy . About 13 years ago I was seriously in trouble , '' they say , in reference to four bankruptcies involving their properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992 .
`` I was billions of dollars in debt , '' they continue . `` But I fought back and I won , big league . I used my brain . I used my negotiating skills . And I worked it all out . Now my company 's bigger than it ever was — stronger than it ever was . ''
In all 14 episodes of The Apprentice 's debut season , these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump 's businesses had faced . From then on , the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog , with their troubles squarely behind him .
`` Donald Trump is an icon , '' contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale . `` He 's someone who , when people said , 'You could n't do it , ' always got it done . '' That 's a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign .
Multiple episodes were set at Trump 's Taj Mahal casino , which they described on the show as `` the No . 1 hotel in Atlantic City . '' Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving .
In fact , the Taj Mahal , along with other Trump casinos , would file for bankruptcy in late 2004 , just months after The Apprentice debuted .
Still , Trump 's business savvy was part of their pitch during the campaign , and many who voted for them looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside . Despite their bankruptcies , Trump largely maintained their image of success .
3 . Ever the salesperson
Every episode of the show centered around a task — a business-related contest between two teams . Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street ? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day ? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment ? The winning team , besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside their dimly lit boardroom , would receive a reward .
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks : a private tour of Yankee stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson Bay . But more often than not , the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump 's wealth and business acumen .
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and their then-girlfriend Melania , now wife and first lady , lived ; the picnic at Trump 's estate in Bedford , N.Y. ( `` where the richest people live , '' Trump narrates ) ; the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor , N.Y. ( `` the best golf course in New York state '' ) ; the overnight stay at Trump 's Taj Mahal casino ( `` you 're staying in the most beautiful suite you 've ever seen '' ) ; the jaunt to Trump 's Mar-a-Lago resort ( `` the No . 1 club anywhere as far as I 'm concerned '' ) .
In Episode 9 , one contestant 's savvy business move earns them a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump . `` You know , a lot of people would like that opportunity , '' Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock .
Trump 's financial ties have followed them to Washington , with watchdogs arguing for further separation from their businesses . Trump and their lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust , rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done .
Even amid criticism of being too close to their businesses while in office , Trump has spent many weekends at their Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach , Fla. , and their golf club in Bedminster , N.J. Their hotel in Washington , D.C. , has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president . And Trump has n't shied away from talking about their properties . Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville , Trump took to the opportunity to mention their winery in the area .
4 . Loyalty is paramount
It did n't take the president 's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly President Trump values loyalty . But the clues were also there in 2004 , particularly during the firing of one contestant named Tammy Lee .
In the seventh episode , as Trump dissects the losing team 's failure as they sit before him , Lee breaks with the rest of their team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating . Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee 's dissension , asking , `` Was they honest or disloyal ? ''
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty .
`` Your disloyalty has been just terrible . ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case , '' Trump tells Lee as the music swells , signaling they would soon deliver their signature sentence : `` Tammy ... you 're fired . ''
Comey has testified that the president asked for their `` loyalty '' and for them to end the FBI 's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn . Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge , but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from their team — even if they do not always reciprocate .
5 . Trump can stoke a fight , even between others
From the start , Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice ( even into their presidency ) . And , like any good reality television producer , they appeared to have a gift for identifying and , in some cases , amplifying squabbles between contestants .
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6 . Trump is interrogating the losing team , leading to the typical chain of recriminations . Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault ( now an aide to the president ) begins by complimenting their teammate , Heidi Bressler , before also adding that when they first met Bressler , they did n't think they had much class .
`` Do you think Omarosa has class ? '' Trump asks Bressler , looking for a response to their teammate 's backhanded compliment . They add , `` If somebody said that about me , I would n't like them I do n't care what they do . ''
Trump then turns to another contestant , Jessie Connor : `` Do you like Omarosa , the way they just talks to you ? I mean do you like her ? '' Connor refuses to take the bait , instead trying to keep the peace by saying they do in fact like them teammate .
But Trump is n't finished sussing out the conflict .
`` How can you like her , the way she 's talking to you ? You know she 's got a very sharp edge , '' they say about Manigault . And on it goes .
The president has had their share of direct Twitter wars since taking office , but they also have a history of publicly stoking feuds between others .
During the campaign , Trump created divides to their advantage . They tried to create a chasm between Sens . Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson . In October 2016 , they reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , how Hillary Clinton had wronged them , saying , `` To the Bernie Sanders people , you got sold out . '' In September , following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players , the president sought to remind the public of what they perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL 's athletes and its fans .
6 . On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known , which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success . Instead , their challenge has been to be seen as `` favorable . ''
The show 's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble . NBC , which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends , saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with their company , The Trump Organization .
Attracting 28 million viewers , the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week . According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup , when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999 , the percentage of respondents who saw them as `` favorable '' declined precipitously : from 41 to 33 percent in less than a month . But in 2005 , one year after The Apprentice debuted , Trump clocked in at 50 percent .
Trump had never before — and they would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup 's polls . As of Oct. 5 , nearly nine months into their presidency , Trump is at 39 percent . However , what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized .
I have just launched a new product called Funwalkers . They are humorous license plates for walkers , rollators and scooters . It 's my 5th entrepreneurial venture and the one I am most excited about . It 's a side hustle right now , but I plan to scale it .
Funwalkers has two intentions :
making people smile
encouraging seniors to make more use of their walkers by removing the stigma and embarrassment often associated with them .
I was inspired to create Funwalkers.com when my 94 year-old friend fell , broke their hip and had to use a walker . Like my 89 year-old dad , who needs a walker , they were frustrated and embarrassed by their lack of independent mobility .
The walker was a visible sign of their fragility . They did n't want to be seen in public with it , and insisted they “ would never take their walker to the ballet or the opera . ”
Now she 's running around town with a license plate that says “ Act My Age ? Why ? ” and handing out my business cards to all the people who ask them about it . Matter of fact , their photo is on my Funwalkers business cards . They asked me for “ I Brake for Animals ” too .
Funwalkers are available with 30+ fun sayings and they can be customized . So far , our most popular ones are “ Yes it was a skydiving accident , ” and “ I brake for animals. ” They attach in seconds to handlebars of walkers , rollators and scooters .
Scary Facts
Seniors are precisely who experts say are most in need of walkers to prevent falls that are the leading cause of injury , hospitalization and death for people over 65 according to the CDC . As an aging boomer , that scares the crap out of me : )
Funwalkers Goals
What also is exciting to me , besides seeing an idea take physical form , and seeing people enjoy Funwalkers , is that for the first time I am not the product . Now I have to do all the things I 've done for my clients for the last many years . Challenging indeed . But also exciting and fun .
Once Funwalkers is established online , and gets some press , I plan to scale it up . Please stay tuned : )
Previous Ventures
Previous entrepreneurial ventures include B.L . Ochman Public Relations , which I grew into one of the 10 largest independent PR firms in the U.S. ; whatsnextonline.com , my current digital consultancy which has been serving major brands since 1995 ; Pawfun.com which was not a commercial success , but was a lot of fun ; and Maximum-Plus.com which placed a bad bet on Google+ .
B.L . Ochman is a uniquely experienced digital pioneer who has been helping blue chip brands incorporate social media into their marketing strategy since 1996 . They publish What 's Next Blog , co-hosts and produces the award-winning Beyond Social Media Show podcast and contributes to AdAge DigitalNext . On Twitter , she 's @ whatsnext and @ Funwalkers_BL . Them the newest venture is Funwalkers.com – humorous license plates for walkers , rollators and scooters .
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it 's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a `` consensual '' relationship
Rose McGowan says it 's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a `` consensual '' relationship
A law enforcement official says there 's no indication a man identified in court documents as a `` person of interest '' after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting .
A law enforcement official says there 's no indication a man identified in court documents as a `` person of interest '' after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting .
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site , and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site , and out of the elements
Cancer from cellphones ? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones ? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma .
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma .
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer did n't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes .
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer did n't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes .
It 's an annual rite in Fairfax County , one of the wealthiest counties in America : hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists , taking IQ tests to prove they 're worthy of the county 's advanced academic programs .
It 's an annual rite in Fairfax County , one of the wealthiest counties in America : hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists , taking IQ tests to prove they 're worthy of the county 's advanced ...
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades .
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades .
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he 's devastated for causing panic , but was `` 100 percent sure '' it was a real attack .
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he 's devastated for causing panic , but was `` 100 percent sure '' it was a real attack .
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments the company made to the group .
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments ...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country 's `` crumbling infrastructure . `` .
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country 's `` crumbling infrastructure . `` .
The father of three of Larry Nassar 's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment .
The father of three of Larry Nassar 's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment .
By MATTHEW BARAKAT
Associated Press
McLEAN , Va. ( AP ) - It 's an annual rite in Fairfax County , which has one of the wealthiest , best-educated populations in America : Hundreds of second-graders troop off to private psychologists for IQ tests to prove they 're worthy of advanced academic programs in the public schools .
The competition is fierce . Acceptance , some parents believe , can be the key to getting into prestigious Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology , a magnet school that routinely sends graduates to the most competitive colleges .
`` I guess I never made the cut , '' said Aaron Moorer , who is African-American and eventually graduated from Mount Vernon High with a 3.8 GPA . `` I never made the special class . ''
Moorer 's family was n't aware that hundreds of families file appeals every year , armed with private exams costing more than $ 500 , to persuade bureaucrats their child is deserving . This system exacerbates a problem plaguing gifted-and-talented programs across the nation : Black and Hispanic students almost never file the appeals that can secure their admission .
Using the Virginia Freedom of Information Act to obtain 10 years of county records , The Associated Press found that fewer than 50 black and Hispanic second-graders have filed successful appeals . That 's less than 3 percent of the 1,737 second-graders admitted through the appeals process , further skewing a program already heavily weighted toward whites and Asians .
Fairfax County has the nation 's 10th largest public school system , with more than 188,000 students . Of those , 25 percent are Hispanic and 10 percent are African-American . But over the last 10 years , blacks and Hispanics have constituted only 12 percent of the students deemed eligible for Level IV , the most advanced academic program .
Notably , the data show that when black and Hispanic students do submit intelligence tests , they are just as likely to gain admission as their white and Asian counterparts . The problem is that black and Hispanic students only rarely submit appeals .
Francisco Duran , the school system 's chief academic and equity officer , downplayed the disparities in the appeals process , citing successful efforts to enroll more black and Hispanic students through teacher referrals and other means . But they acknowledged that the school system is not where it wants to be in terms of identifying students at an early age who have the potential for advanced academics .
`` We want it to be so that we do n't have a need for an appeals process , '' Duran said .
Looking back , Moorer is sure they could have handled more advanced classes if given the opportunity .
`` Not being included in the academic program kind of left me feeling unchallenged . I was able to get straight A 's but I was often left bored in class . I felt somewhat envious to know that many of the friends that I had in those classes were learning at a more advanced level , '' said Moorer , now an undergrad at Hampden-Sydney College . They also are accepted at James Madison University but was waitlisted at Virginia Tech and turned down by University of North Carolina .
For talented students , the stakes are high : Children in Level IV , the highest and most competitive , can be assigned to schools with concentrated numbers of gifted students , providing what many parents feel is a more robust learning environment . Lower levels , offered in neighborhood schools , may include occasional enrichment projects , outside classwork and advanced reading assignments .
The appeals culture in Fairfax is so prevalent that nearby George Mason University has graduate psychology students learn their trade by administering the tests . Ellen Rowe , the Cognitive Assessment Program 's director , said sliding-scale fees make testing accessible to low-income families , but `` we do n't control who comes to us . ''
Even the lucky ones can sense the injustice . Mark Biear of Vienna , who is white , has two kids in Level IV , one of whom successfully appealed . They found that some parents discussed the process openly , while others seemed reluctant to share information might give another family an advantage .
`` I wish it was more transparent , '' said Biear .
Jonathan Plucker , president of the National Association for Gifted Children , said Fairfax County 's system `` feels pretty extraordinary , but it does n't surprise me . '' Wealthy , suburban districts often face intense parental demand for gifted programs , they said .
Plucker applauds the placement testing for all second-graders , but says allowing hundreds of parents to spend hundreds of dollars for a second IQ test defeats the purpose . `` Why add a second level to the process that just reintroduces the disparities you 're seeking to get rid of in the first place ? '' they ask .
Carol Horn , who ran the advanced academic program for Fairfax County Public Schools until their recent retirement , acknowledged the enrollment gap . They noted that some form of appeals process is required by the state . They initiated Young Scholars , an effort to enroll and support more minorities in advanced classes , and encouraged teachers to send more kids of color their way , which has led to more diversity .
`` If parents do n't know about the program , teachers become the advocate for the children , '' Horn said .
It 's not just that appeals are costly , said Tina Hone , who advocated for minority students when they were a Fairfax County school board member . Some black and Hispanic families may be less interested in advanced placement when it means moving a child out of neighborhood school where specialized education is n't offered , they said .
`` It 's about cultural norms , '' said Hone , who is African-American . `` It 's not just about money . ''
Katherine Cespedes said teachers did n't encourage them to pursue advanced academics after they arrived in Virginia from Argentina at age 7 . They said they initially focused more on developing their English-language skills .
`` I do n't think my teacher believed I was capable back then , '' Cespedes said . Only after an English teacher at Falls Church High School took interest in them did they push themselves to take honors courses , graduating with a 3.5 GPA and earning a scholarship for George Mason University .
There are just a few dozen black students at Thomas Jefferson , where sophomore Alina Ampeh is surrounded by whites and Asians - a situation she 's lived with since elementary school . She 's grateful that all those years of advanced classes prepared them for TJ 's rigorous academics , but says that does n't necessarily make them special : They think many of their classmates simply have parents who worked the system . `` If you want to get in , you just complain about it , '' they said .
Alina 's mother , Karen Ampeh , also is grateful , but disappointed that so few African-Americans have benefited from such high-quality instruction .
`` In my experience , the AAP program is for students who are pushed by their parents , or possibly other adults , to be in the program , '' they said . `` It is not a welcome environment for black students unless they have a lot of support from home . ''
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Russian corruption will cast its shadow over South Korea 's Winter Olympics that will be held between February 9 and 25 .
For decades , the Games , notably the winter ones , have handed Russia its greatest public relations coups . Unable to deliver decent living standards or democracy to its people , the Kremlin has concentrated instead on gold medals in hockey or gymnastics to garner respect at home and abroad .
But now an incredible documentary has lifted the curtain on Russia 's dirtiest little secret : Corruption at the top has metastasized throughout its society and onto its ice rinks , ski slopes , and gymnasia . Through a state-sponsored program , the Russians cheat and they have been caught .
Now Russia is banned by the Olympic Committee indefinitely , beginning with these Winter Games .
“ Icarus , ” the documentary that brought this scandal to light , has been nominated for the Academy Awards ' Best Documentary . The documentary and its filmmaker Bryan Fogel deserve that and more .
The film opens with Fogel 's cheeky goal to expose the use of steroids by athletes by showing how he , a cyclist , can cheat easily as did Lance Armstrong for decades .
Fogel tries to find advisers who could help them pass the urine tests at upcoming meets . By chance , they were referred by an American doping expert to Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov , head of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency in Moscow . What follows are a series of shocking Skype phone calls , then a trip to Moscow , where they are taught the dark arts of cheating .
Rodchenkov is strangely forthcoming and gives Fogel explicit directions on what to take , how to inject himself , how frequently , and what side effects to watch for .
Their relationship blossoms into friendship and Fogel goes to Moscow where they interview and films Rodchenkov , their family , and colleagues in their state-of-the-art laboratory and offices .
The Russian explains that doping is a culture across the country and that almost every athlete , in every sport , indulges in constant , ongoing chemical enhancements .
What 's so compelling about the documentary , is that a gonzo-like project by an obscure Los Angeles filmmaker and actor gradually becomes a geopolitical thriller that has resulted in the world 's greatest sports scandal .
Both men are scoundrels , in a sense , with Rodchenkov bragging about cheating and Fogel willing to film themselves cheating to make a point .
But their talks reveal that Rodchenkov was the mastermind for a state-sanctioned doping scheme at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics that earned the Russians thirteen gold medals .
On film , Fogel is as shocked as the audience is at these revelations and the audience remains bewildered as to why the Russian is so honest .
Not surprisingly , during filming Russian investigators begin to close in on them and they resign from the lab . They fear for their life .
Fogel helps them flee to the United States , with their evidence , and “ Icarus ” turns into a fast-paced series of hiding places then meetings between teams at the New York Times to expose the skullduggery to the world , and at the FBI in order to enter the witness protection program .
Footage includes illustrations as to how the scam at Sochi was accomplished . Compartments with double doors allowed clean urine samples obtained weeks before to be swapped for tainted ones during the Games . There are also photos and footage of officials all the way up to Putin 's inner circle who are involved directly , according to Rodchenkov .
Putin claims that Russia never had a doping program but testimony , emails , and Rodchenkov 's meticulous records of each Russian athlete show otherwise .
The Russian remains in hiding and the rest , as they say , is history . The Russians have had gold medals stripped from them and the Olympic Committee has banned Russia from the Winter and future games .
Individual Russians can compete , but only if they pass drug tests . They can not represent Russia and the Russian flag and anthem can not be played even if a Russian athlete wins a medal .
“ Icarus ” deserves the Academy Award . It took guts and grit to make and even though its discoveries are accidental , it 's a masterpiece of investigative journalism and represents the comeuppance that the Kremlin deserves .
It took a move from the West Coast to the Midwest , but three orphaned cougar cubs now have a home .
The furry females arrived at the Toledo Zoo on Saturday night , following a long trip from the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife , reports the Toledo Blade .
Keepers from the zoo went out west to pick up the animals and transport them back . The trio is currently at the facility 's hospital , adjusting to their new home and maybe a little bit of jet lag .
The staff at the zoo know little about what orphaned the cubs , but were told a human-wildlife conflict was involved .
Two of the cubs , Columbia and Cascade , are 3-week-old sisters from the same litter . Because they are still so small , the pair requires regular bottle feedings from caretakers . The staff is n't complaining : They adore watching the two 3½-lb . siblings play , purr and wiggle around .
The other cub is a bit older than their travel companions . Rainer weighs 10 lbs. , is between 10 to 12 weeks old and is already eating solid food on their own . Unlike their younger friends , Rainer traded their juvenile camouflage stripes for a tan coat similar to the one they will have as a mature adult .
The zoo hopes that by watching these cuties grow up , visitors learn more about cougars — also known as pumas or mountain lions . While the species is not endangered , their populations are threatened in some areas because the big cat is often villainized .
Animal lovers can start learning about these felines — and get a behind-the-scenes look at how the Toledo Zoo cares for animals right ‘ meow ' — by attending one of Cascade and Columbia 's bottle feedings at 11:30 a.m. or 2:30 p.m .
Once Cascade and Columbia are a bit bigger , the zoo will begin working on grouping all the cubs together to get them ready for a public debut .
KING COUNTY — Many of us have been dealing with higher car tabs and property taxes because of Sound Transit 3 .
And about a half-billion dollars generated from ST3 will go to Pierce , Snohomish and King counties .
On Monday , the King County Council voted to get the ball rolling on how exactly it will use King County 's portion of $ 318 million .
The money has to be used on education .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Ahead of Monday 's vote , the group MomsRising.org wore yellow hardhats to send a message to council members .
“ We are facing a child care crisis of affordability and crisis of space , ” Lauren Hipp with MomsRising said .
Hipp says it was stressful finding affordable child care for their 11-month-old and they know she 's not alone .
She 's hoping King County will use the $ 318 million to build more child care facilities for children under 5 .
“ When it 's a onetime fund , it makes sense to invest in capital because that will keep growing , ” Hipp said .
King County Council Member Rod Dembowski agrees .
“ If we can build those capital facilities , it will be a legacy for decades ; it 's 100 % the right thing to do ” Dembowski said .
But Dembowski says there are competing needs -- like the growing population of students who have to fight their way out of homelessness .
“ I would tell them that I do n't have a house . 'What do you mean you do n't have a house , where do you sleep ? ' I am like , I do have a house but it 's a shelter , ” said former homeless student Trinity Davison .
Washington state saw a 12 % spike in homeless students in the 2015-16 school year . About 40,000 homeless students needed help .
Q13 News spoke with former lawmaker Jessyn Farrell , who forced an 11th hour deal in 2015 to move the half-billion dollars of ST3 funds to education .
“ I think early learning investment matters but let 's not forget the kids in the K-12 system , ” Farrell said .
Farrell would like to see the counties invest in homeless students and helping older students find careers .
The King County Council earmarked the funds to go to those categories but they still have to decide how much will go to each issue .
Hipp just hopes early learning will get most of the money .
“ When we talk about outcomes for students and families , early learning is where it 's at , ” Hipp said .
The $ 318 million will be doled out over the next 15 years , starting in 2019 .
A sweet joke now takes on a more somber meaning after the tragic deaths of both Carrie Fisher and their mother Debbie Reynolds .
Fisher , who had an especially close relationship with their mother in their final years , thanked Reynolds in the acknowledgments section of their last book , The Princess Diarist . But in true Fisher fashion , rather than being overly sentimental , they made light of their mother 's recent health scares .
“ For my mother — for being too stubborn and thoughtful to die , ” the late actor writes . “ I love you , but that whole emergency , almost dying thing , was n't funny . Do n't even THINK about doing it again in any form . ”
Fisher , 60 , was aboard an 11-hour flight from London to Los Angeles on Friday , Dec. 23 , when they went into cardiac arrest . Paramedics removed them from the flight and rushed them to a nearby hospital , where they died on Dec. 27 .
Just one day later , on Dec. 28 , Reynolds was rushed to the hospital due to a possible stroke . They died hours later at the age of 84 .
Fisher also dedicated the book to their only daughter , actor Billie Lourd . “ For Billie — for turning out better than I could deserve and imagine , ” Fisher wrote .
Lourd thanked friends and family for their support on Monday , posting a heartfelt message alongside a vintage Instagram photo of themselves posing with their late mother and grandmother .
❤👩‍👩‍👧❤ Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist . There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby . Your love and support means the world to me . A photo posted by Billie Lourd ( @ praisethelourd ) on Jan 2 , 2017 at 10:09am PST
“ Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist , ” Lourd captioned the shot . “ There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby . Your love and support means the world to me . ”
In the acknowledgment section of their book , Fisher also gave a sweet mention to close friend Melissa Mathison , who was married to Star Wars costar Harrison Ford for 21 years .
In Princess Diarist , Fisher admitted to having an affair with Ford while working on the first Star Wars movie , it was during their first marriage to Mary Marquardt .
Mathison died in late 2015 of cancer .
“ And Melissa Mathison . You are loved and missed , ” Fisher concluded in the acknowledgments section of their book .
( Reuters Health ) - New evidence from a Danish nationwide study suggests that Merck and Co , Inc 's quadrivalent human papillomavirus vaccine ( HPV ) , marketed as Gardasil , is not dangerous in the unusual case when it is inadvertently given during early pregnancy .
Among 1,665 women exposed to the Gardasil vaccine while pregnant , there was no increased risk of having a child with a major birth defect compared to 6,660 women not exposed during pregnancy .
The analysis also showed no elevated risk for spontaneous abortion , preterm birth , low birthweight , stillbirth or having a child who is small for gestational age .
`` Before our study , very little was known about the safety of HPV vaccination in pregnancy , '' coauthor Dr. Anders Hviid told Reuters Health in an email . `` The lesson is that for young women who are inadvertently vaccinated early in pregnancy there is no need to worry ; our results do not support that this exposure has an adverse effect on the unborn baby . ''
And for now , `` HPV vaccines should still not be administered in pregnancy , '' said Hviid , a senior investigator in the department of epidemiology research at the Statens Serum Institute in Copenhagen .
`` The study does n't cover all bases , but what it generally says is very positive news , '' Dr. Robert Burk of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York told Reuters Health in a telephone interview . `` As far as they can measure in a large population , there seems not to be a major detectable detrimental effect of the HPV vaccine . It 's kind of what we anticipated , but the news is as good as you 're going to get about a vaccine . ''
The study did not look at the safety of the bivalent version of the vaccine that covers fewer strains of HPV .
More than 72 million women and girls worldwide have received HPV vaccines , which are designed to protect against cervical and other cancers . The vaccine is recommended for women aged 9 to 26 but not during pregnancy .
However , women who are pregnant but do n't yet realize it are sometimes vaccinated .
`` It 's not that uncommon , '' said Burk , a professor of microbiology , immunology , epidemiology and population health who was not involved in the study . `` You 're immunizing women in their reproductive window when a good chunk of women is getting pregnant . ''
One previous analysis that pooled data from two studies reported an elevated spontaneous abortion rate among women who got pregnant within 90 days of vaccination with the bivalent HPV vaccine , but other research has called that finding into question .
The new study , reported in the New England Journal of Medicine , looked at all pregnant women in Denmark using several national registries . The data included the years 2006 to 2013 .
Instances of spontaneous abortion within the first six weeks of pregnancy were not included , the authors write , because many cases of spontaneous abortion during the first weeks of gestation may go unrecognized .
Although the raw data did suggest higher rates of low birth weight , preterm birth and major birth defects , vaccinated women were also more likely to be smokers , unmarried and have both lower incomes and lower levels of education , putting them at higher risk for those outcomes in the first place .
Once the research team adjusted for those factors , they found no significant difference in risk for women who got the vaccine while pregnant .
SOURCE : bit.ly/2mCwpkn New England Journal of Medicine , online March 29 , 2017 .
( This story corrects Sanofi Pasteur to Merck and Co in first paragraph , and deletes paragraph 7 )
ALEX Leapai crumpled into a foetal ball last year when their father died suddenly but one of the heaviest punchers in world boxing has rebuilt themselves for another shot at a world title .
They face giant Nigerian Roger Izonritei on the huge Jeff Horn-Gary Corcoran undercard from the Brisbane Convention & Exhibition Centre .
The day is packed with poignancy , not least by the fact that Horn 's heavily pregnant wife Jo will be ringside and one of Australia 's top obstetricians will be there on standby in case they go into labour .
Camera Icon Alex Leapai ( R ) will complete an incredible year-long journey on Wednesday night . Picture : Liam Kidston Picture : News Corp Australia
Leapai is fighting for one last shot at glory after a year trying to smother their grief with food and then shedding 45kg for a comeback . The whole fight card is stacked with emotion .
West Australian Nathaniel May , who fights the main support against unbeaten Brazilian featherweight Aelio Mesquita , is trained by Pete Stokes , a man with terminal cancer who is in a race to develop a world champ while they still can .
Camera Icon Nathaniel May 's ( R ) trainer Pete Stokes ( L ) has terminal cancer . Picture : Annette Dew Picture : News Corp Australia
Gold Coast super-middleweight Rohan Murdock , who faces Russian slugger Apti Ustarkhanov , has a world title shot against Mexican Gilberto Ramirez next year if they can survive a spirited attack . Murdock was almost killed in a motorbike accident while holidaying in Bali last year but has fought back with amazing grit .
Shannon O'Connell , a former world women 's champ , dedicates every victory to their late father Kevin , a motorcycle speedway rider who died when they were a toddler , and they are trying to revive their fortunes against Thai Sumalee Tongpootorn after back-to-back defeats .
Camera Icon Jeff Horn 's wife Jo is heavily pregnant . Picture : News Corp Australia
Tully Olympian Paul Fleming has been one of Australia 's most skilled fighters for a decade but after 24 consecutive victories , they know they have to step up if they want to fight the very best in the world . They face tough Filipino Vergil Puton .
And in the opening fight of the night , scheduled to start at 4.15pm , Lenny Zappavigna faces Uruguay 's former amateur champ Nestor Faccio Cordozo .
The 30-year-old Zappavigna won a bronze medal as a teenager at the 2006 Melbourne Commonwealth Games and then won their first 25 pro fights in devastating style . The tough guy from Sydney 's southwest dropped a decision to Mexico 's slick world lightweight champion Miguel Vazquez in Las Vegas in 2011 but has been hovering around the world top 10 ever since just waiting for another chance .
Camera Icon Rohan Murdock survived a motorcycle accident last year . Picture : Mike Batterham Picture : News Corp Australia
Since the death of their father Elisaia , Leapai had corrective surgery to mend their poor eyesight which had troubled them throughout their career .
After months of mourning they decided on a massive weight loss campaign and to focus on the future for their wife and six children .
Three years ago Leapai became the first Australian in more than 100 years to fight for the unified world heavyweight title when they challenged Wladimir Klitschko in Germany .
Leapai has 31 wins from 40 fights , 25 of them by KO .
VB .NET Developer
A well-recognized company based in Cape Town is looking for a VB.NET Developer to be part of an amazing company . ( Preference will be given to EE candidates ) . Qualification : BSc in Computer Science or similarAlternatively Programming Diploma Skills & Experience : Minimum 3 to 4 years ' experience with : VB .Net , SQL Server 2012 / 2016 views , triggers , stored procedures , XML , Crystal ReportsASP.Net Development ( added advantage ) Android ( added advantage ) Job Description : Experience in system analysis , design , coding and testing.Handle change requests and provide quick and efficient solutions.Analyse business requirements and transform them into technical design.Implement the design to develop and test the functional requirements . Let us assist you with your career . Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile , view IT jobs and apply . If you have not had any response in two weeks , please consider your application unsuccessful . Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area ! For more information please call , JUNAID KALAM on ( contact number ) , quoting the Ref : CIT027272 .
Learn more/Apply for this position
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Without trillions of dollars of investment in clean energy , the pact 's goal to keep global warming below two degrees Celsius ( 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit ) over pre-industrial levels will remain a pipe dream
Published 2:28 PM , December 12 , 2017
PARIS , France – French President Emmanuel Macron will meet with other leaders on Tuesday , December 12 , two years to the day since 195 nations adopted the climate-rescue Paris Agreement – this time to talk about money .
Without trillions of dollars of investment in clean energy , the pact 's goal to keep global warming below two degrees Celsius ( 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit ) over pre-industrial levels will remain a pipe dream , observers and participants warned on the eve of the Paris summit .
Political action `` will not be enough if we do not update and reset the global finance architecture and make all development low-emission , resilient , and sustainable , '' UN climate chief Patricia Espinosa said .
`` We see some movement ... but climate consideration must now be part of all private sector decisions , '' they said .
After the Paris Agreement was adopted in 2015 to cheers and champagne , helped over the finish line by then US president Barack Obama , their successor Donald Trump has cast a long shadow over the process , withdrawing political support and finance .
Trump , who has called climate change a `` hoax '' , announced in June that the United States would pull out of the Paris pact , which had taken nearly 200 nations more than two decades to negotiate .
The US is the only country to reject the agreement .
Macron on Monday , December 11 , reminded Trump of their responsibility to history over their decision to quit the agreement , in an interview aired on CBS .
`` I 'm sorry to say that , it does n't fly , so , so sorry but I think it is a big responsibility in front of the history , and I 'm pretty sure that my friend President Trump will change their mind in the coming months or years , I do hope . ''
They added : `` It 's extremely aggressive to decide on its own just to leave , and no way to push the others to renegotiate because one decided to leave the floor . ''
Money has long been a sore point in the UN climate process , with developing nations insisting on financial assistance to help them make the costly move to less-polluting energy sources , and to shore up defenses against climate change-induced superstorms , mega-droughts and land-gobbling sea level rise .
Trump has asked Congress to slash the climate research budgets of federal agencies – threatening a loss of billions of dollars and thousands of jobs .
The Trump administration would also not fulfil US climate finance commitments , including an outstanding $ 2 billion out of $ 3 billion it had pledged towards the Green Climate Fund .
`` The missing piece of the jigsaw is the funding to help the world 's poorer countries access clean energy so they do n't follow the fossil fuel-powered path of the rich world , '' said Mohamed Adow of Christian Aid , which represents poor country interests at the UN climate forum .
'Do n't worry '
`` This is the missing piece that the One Planet Summit needs to begin to put into place . ''
In the absence of former climate champion Obama , American businesses , regions and local government leaders have reiterated their commitment to decarbonization .
`` It does n't matter that Donald Trump backed out of the Paris Agreement , because the private sector did n't drop out , the public sector did n't drop out , universities did n't drop out , no one dropped out , '' former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger , now the face of the R20 network of sub-national climate actors , said in Paris .
`` Do n't worry about any of that , we are the subnational level , we 're going to pick up the slack , '' they said .
On the eve of the summit , the heads of many of world 's space agencies proposed the creation of a space climate observatory to pool acquired data to share with scientists around the globe , according to a declaration they adopted at their meeting in Paris .
Among the leaders in attendance at Tuesday 's summit will be UN chief Antonio Guterres , World Bank President Jim Yong Kim , Mexico 's Enrique Pena Nieto , Theresa May of Britain , Spain 's Mariano Rajoy , and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker .
Trump was not invited to Tuesday 's gathering , and the US – the world 's biggest historical emitter of planet-warming greenhouse gases – will be represented by an embassy official .
Also absent will be the leaders of major polluters China , India , Brazil , Russia and Canada , as well as Germany 's Angela Merkel among EU members .
Rich nations pledged in 2009 to muster $ 100 billion per year in climate finance for developing nations from 2020 .
On 2015 trends , total public financing would reach about $ 67 billion by that date , according to a report of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) .
The International Energy Agency estimates that investments of some $ 3.5 trillion per year in the energy sector will be needed to 2050 to stay under the 2 C limit – double current spending . – Rappler.com
Toronto police resume dig at home where Bruce McArthur worked as landscaper
The investigation into alleged serial killer Bruce McArthur has triggered an internal police probe . ( Photo by THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper .
Police have already found the remains of seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto .
McArthur , 66 , has been charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of eight men with ties to Toronto 's gay village .
“ We originally did a dig at the property over the winter and nothing was found , ” police spokesperson Meaghan Gray said .
“ Then we decided to go back and revisit all the properties ( where McArthur worked ) again when the springtime hit and the thaw was done . ”
Canine units found “ a number of different spots ” of interest on the property when they returned in the spring , Gray said .
Police dogs also searched about 100 other properties with links to McArthur 's landscaping business but found nothing , they said .
The excavation began Wednesday and is expected to last multiple weeks , Gray said .
McArthur , currently in custody at a west Toronto jail , is alleged to have killed Selim Esen , Skandaraj Navaratnam , Andrew Kinsman , Majeed Kayhan , Dean Lisowick , Soroush Mahmudi , Abdulbasir Faizi and Kirushna Kanagaratnam .
Their case is scheduled to return to court on July 23 .
Related : Alleged Toronto serial killer buried dismembered victims ' remains in planter boxes : Cops
Related : Alleged Toronto serial killer charged with 8th count of first-degree murder
Related : Alleged Toronto serial killer previously questioned , released by police
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Dec 10 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Austrian championship matches on Sunday Sunday , December 10 SCR Altach 1 Austria Vienna 0 RZ Pellets WAC 0 Salzburg 0 Saturday , December 9 LASK Linz 2 FC Flyeralarm Admira 1 Rapid Vienna 2 Mattersburg 2 Sturm Graz 3 SKN St. Polten 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Sturm Graz 19 14 2 3 39 23 44 2 Salzburg 19 12 6 1 40 14 42 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 3 Rapid Vienna 19 8 7 4 30 24 31 4 FC Flyeralarm Admira 19 8 4 7 32 33 28 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5 LASK Linz 19 7 5 7 25 23 26 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 6 SCR Altach 19 7 4 8 23 25 25 7 Austria Vienna 19 6 5 8 29 29 23 8 Mattersburg 19 4 6 9 21 32 18 9 RZ Pellets WAC 19 3 7 9 16 25 16 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 10 SKN St. Polten 19 1 4 14 13 40 7 1-2 : Champions League preliminary round 3-4 : Europa League preliminary round 5 : Europa League depending on domestic cup 10 : Relegation play-off
Police have arrested a suspect who allegedly shot and killed an employee at a business in Taylor , stole a semi and then shot and killed another person in Pontiac .
Scroll for more content ...
It all started Thursday morning at a business in the 24400 block of Pennsylvania .
Police say a man in their 40s who formerly worked at BSD Linehaul Michigan Inc. entered with a gun and shot a current employee .
That person is identified as Keith Kitchen , 60 .
The suspect then reportedly stole a 2016 white semi out of the lot with the number `` 202 '' in red on it . The suspect then reportedly drove that semi to another location in Pontiac and shot another person .
That person was identified as 58-year-old Eriberto Perez . They were shot several times in the back by the 45-year-old Sterling Heights man .
After leaving Pontiac , the suspect stopped and engaged with Waterford police officers in gunfire .
They got back in the semi and got into an accident where they crashed into a car with two young women inside .
Oakland County Sheriff Michael Bouchard said it was a `` planned killing spree . ''
They said the suspect appeared to know exactly where they were going . There was an AK-47 in the vehicle with multiple magazines .
Oakland County Sheriff 's deputies located the suspect . They were transported to a hospital with a gunshot wound .
According to police , they went to the business in November with a gun and threatened to shoot people , but no shots were fired .
Bonibel 's cough lingers three months after Sarah Royal paid Petland $ 4,000 for the dog and a puppy package that included a warranty . The Royals expected them to have a clean bill of health , but the following week a separate veterinarian diagnosed Bonibel with kennel cough which only grew worse .
Scroll for more content ...
A second vet visit determined the cough turned into bronchitis and Bonibel tested positive for the highly contagious parasite giardia . Just two days after Bonibel met the family 's pet chin chela , Peanut , the chin chela died .
Sarah then found out about the class-action lawsuit filed last year . It accuses Petland 's 77 franchise of defrauding customers by charging top dollar for dogs that fall sick and in some cases die . The Animal Legal Defense Fund is one of three law groups involved in the case .
Indra Jenkins says the allegations echo their story . Jenkins paid $ 4,700 for Nenanee and Ollie at Petland Largo . Both cames home with vet signed health certificates . But after bringing Nenanee home they grew lethargic and stopped eating . Jenkins took them to the Petland vet who prescribed more antibiotics .
Nenanne wound up with double pneumonia and on oxygen at an emergency animal hospital . Jenkins and their wife Tanya drained their savings spending over $ 4,000 to save their puppy 's life .
Jenkins says Petland ignored their calls until they hired an attorney . Then the store refunded their $ 1,800 , per their policy of paying up to the full purchase price of a puppy . No one at Petland would go on camera or answer any questions related to the class-action lawsuit .
We asked a spokesperson for the Sarasota store about Bonibel and the fact they 'd reimbursed Sarah $ 95 of about $ 300 in vet bills . They responded via email :
`` As you know , there is a risk of disease with any living animal including animals in the happiest and healthiest environments like ours . We work diligently to reduce risks . It is unfortunate that Sarah Royal 's puppy did fall ill. Our management team has been in contact , and as we understand Sarah 's puppy is currently happy and healthy . They were well aware of their purchase and was in no way forced or pressured to make their decision . They have been reimbursed for the treatment , but our warranty does not cover other expenses when visiting a veterinarian outside of Sarasota 's preferred vet . As for the other claims of their Chinchilla passing , we have requested this documentation , and we are waiting patiently to receive documentation . ''
Next a judge will decide whether to grant Petland 's petition to dismiss the suit . If the plaintiffs prevail it could mean financial payback for every Petland customer who has wound up with a sick puppy over the last four years .
Petland says it gets its puppies from USDA certified breeders . The lawsuit maintains that does not insure the dogs are not coming from a puppy mill .
Bath residents , councillors and rugby players have expressed their condolences to the Foxhill community after a man died during a fatal assault .
The 27-year-old man , whose identity has not yet been released , died after an assault on the estate yesterday ( Sunday August 14 ) .
Emergency services arrived on Sedgemoor Road at about 4.30pm yesterday and police quickly confirmed that a man had died .
( Image : Paul Gillis )
Three people have been arrested in connection to the incident .
Another man , who was also assaulted , suffered injuries which police say are not life threatening or life changing .
Wera Hobhouse , Lib Dem MP for Bath , expressed their condolences to the Foxhill community on social media .
On Twitter , they wrote : `` I 've just heard the news from Foxhill .
`` My heart goes out to the victim 's family and friends , and thoughts are with the entire community . ''
Ward councillors for Foxhill have also expressed their sympathy for the residents .
Councillor Cherry Beath said : `` I just wanted to say I only knew the bare facts , but clearly this is very upsetting for the neighbourhood . ''
Mrs Beath said they would be visiting the community this afternoon to offer them support .
`` I 'm happy to support residents in any way I can , '' they added .
Bob Goodman , Conservative councillor for Combe Down , took to Twitter , writing : `` Very sad to hear of events at Foxhill this afternoon my thoughts are with you all . ''
( Image : paul @ paulgillisphoto.com )
Twerton councillor Joe Rayment ( Labour ) also expressed sadness , saying : `` Just heard about what 's happened at Foxhill .
`` My thoughts are with the friends and family of the man who has died , and the whole community . ''
Bath residents have reacted to the assault on social media , with many expressing their condolences to the victim 's family and friends .
On Facebook , Kayleigh Fenton , wrote : `` This is so sad ca n't believe it . ''
Foxhill resident Sarah Long said they were still in shock .
`` Still in shock , stuck in the middle of a crime scene .
`` Place all taped up and limited access , '' they said .
Bath Rugby player Freddie Burns said they went to school with the victim .
( Image : Ben Hoskins/Getty Images )
They tweeted : `` Shocked to wake up to the news that a lad I went to school with was killed in Bath yesterday . Thoughts with their family and friends . ''
Nola Edwards , chair of the Foxhill Residents ' Association , also said they were saddened by the news of what they called a `` personal tragedy ''
`` I think it 's really tragic and It 's somebody 's , a family 's whole life has been turned upside down , '' they said .
Housing association Curo also took to Twitter , saying they will support residents .
`` Our thoughts are with those affected by the sad events at Foxhill . Residents who need housing advice or support please call us 01225 366000 , '' they said .
Follow our live blog for updates .
Search underway for 16-year-old girl who went over 150-foot waterfall
A search is underway for a 16-year-old girl who went over a 150-foot waterfall , according to state park officials .
( The video above shows the falls below the accident sent in from a viewer )
Advertisement
Katie Hall , with North Carolina State Parks , said the girl went over Rainbow Falls in Transylvania County before midday Wednesday .
WYFF News 4
The Henderson County dive team has been called in to assist in the search , dispatchers said .
WYFF News 4
The waterfall is on U.S. Forestry property , but the State Park service is assisting with the search along with search-and-rescue teams from Transylvania County and surrounding areas .
WYFF News 4
Hall said it could take some time to find the girl because of the volume of water and the speed at which it 's moving . They said the teen 's parents were on the way to the park .
Just before 2 p.m. , Hall said the effort is a recovery , not a rescue .
Previous stories :
A man died in June at Rainbow Falls when they tried to save their dog . More
A news anchor from Macon , Georgia , died at Rainbow Falls in 2016 . More
AlertMe
May 2 Greenlight Capital Re Ltd
* Greenlight Re announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.22
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.27 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Greenlight Capital Re Ltd says a composite ratio for three months ended March 31 , 2017 of 97.4 % compared to 93.8 % for prior-year period
* Greenlight Capital Re Ltd says combined ratio for three months ended March 31 , 2017 was 100.1 % compared to 97.3 % for prior-year period Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The way the world decides to act toward the March for Our Lives movement is vital to the future progress and shaping of this country .
Cameron Kasky , a survivor of the massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School , along with their classmates at their school in Parkland , Florida , have issued a significant amount of foundational growth needed to be touched upon and made known today .
Amazingly , these students through their joined voices enacted a series of laws in the state of Florida where the minimum age to buy firearms was raised from 18 to 21-years-old . A system was created that was characterized by more concrete and systematic waiting periods and background checks in the purchasing of firearms . More policies are being enacted as well , which is only the beginning to the movement to prevent tragedies like that of Parkland to happen again .
While it is okay to disagree with some aspects of the movement , it sickens my heart to read that many individuals have sent Cameron Kasky death threats over Facebook and more than likely over other media platforms .
Whether you stand behind the push for gun control advocacy , # NeverAgain , or the March for Our lives movement , it is important to firstly realize the fundamental right these students maintain to speak out against what they find to be a corrupt system . The last thing these kids need after experiencing tragedy is to be bombarded by deadly opposition resulting in demeaning or bullying . The freedom to speak out for what you believe in the face of tragedy and heartbreak is a fundamental value for people living in this country . People need to grow in their ability to understand how another 's opinion could perhaps be drastically different due to the circumstances they have experienced allowing them to find a belief quite different from another individual .
Because of the tragic events surrounding this high school , a higher number of individuals are starting to take concrete opinions on not only how they feel about the current state of gun laws and the safety of the school system , but also other social and political notions . Truly , this is what matters–not the conflict and disagreements resulting from the difference in ideals , but rather the freedom for any individual at any time to speak out for what they believe in and cause impact in a community possibly on a large scale .
The March for Our Lives movement gives hope to those who seek progress through the public voice of opinion , and it will likely lead more people to identify with particular movements in which they are interested . In life , our opinion must carry weight and meaning lest we become mindless and lax with many of these issues today .
March for Our Lives takes place March 24 as a national movement in advocacy for more gun reform . A march will take place in Johnson City beginning at 1:30 p.m. at the corner of ETSU on University Parkway .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says their cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher terrorized opposing offenses from the middle of the field . Randy Moss and Terrell Owens did the same to defenses on the outside .
The two hard-hitting linebackers and two big-play receivers highlighted an eight-person class voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday . Safety Brian Dawkins also received at least 80 percent support from the 47 Hall of Fame voters , along with contributor Bobby Beathard and senior nominees Jerry
But the biggest stars of the class are the two linebackers that made it on their first tries , and the pair of lightning-rod receiver who sometimes caused as many problems for their own teams as for the opposition . Moss also made it on their first try , while Owens needed to wait for their third year on the ballot to get enough support .
“ I 've been going a long time . And now I can finally rest , ” Lewis said . “ I want to go fishing with a cigar now and just sit back . I do n't want to work out every day now . ”
Moss and Owens each played for five teams in their careers as they often wore out their welcome with their inability to get along with teammates and coaches at times .
But at their best , there were few players ever able to strike fear in defenses as much as Moss and Owens , who were both all-decade selections for the 2000s .
“ The door knocked and I started getting excited , ” Moss said of Hall of Fame President David Baker alerting them they have been elected . “ All the emotions caught the best of me because it 's been a long journey and it ends in the Pro Football Hall of Fame . Tears of joy . ”
Moss burst on the scene as a rookie in Minnesota in 1998 when they caught a league-leading 17 TD catches and helped lead the Vikings to the NFC title game . Their combination of speed and athleticism made them the game 's most dangerous big-play threat and led to the phrase “ You got Mossed ” for embarrassed defensive backs .
They led the NFL in TD catches five times , including their record 23 for New England in 2007 , and earned four All-Pro selections . They finished their career with 982 catches for 15,292 yards and ranks second all-time with 156 TD receptions .
Owens , who did n't attend the announcement , entered the league as a third-round pick by San Francisco in 1996 but developed into a star known for some memorable playoff appearances , including their winning 25-yard TD catch to beat Green Bay in 1999 ; their 177 yards in a comeback win against the Giants in 2003 ; and their nine catches for 122 yards in the 2004 Super Bowl against New England just seven weeks after breaking their leg .
Owens ranks second to Jerry Rice with 15,934 yards receiving and is third on the all-time touchdowns receiving list with 153 .
Lewis is widely considered one of the greatest middle linebackers , winning two AP Defensive Player of the Year awards and earning eight All-Pro selections . They anchored a dominant defense for the 2000 Baltimore Ravens in a season that ended with them winning Super Bowl MVP , then retired as a champion after Baltimore closed their last season with a title win over San Francisco in February 2013 .
“ Growing up as a child , I know what that looked like , Mike Singletary , Dick Butkus , ” Lewis said . “ Who dreams of being in that category , sitting with those guys ? ”
Lewis joined tackle Jonathan Ogden as the only Ravens voted into the Hall of Fame as both of the team 's first-round picks in its initial season of 1996 received the high honor .
Lewis ' career was also marked by legal problems off the field . They pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of obstruction of justice after initially being charged with murder in connection with two killings following a Super Bowl party in Atlanta in January 2000 . Lewis was also fined $ 250,000 by the NFL .
Urlacher was n't far behind Lewis with their play on the field and is the latest in a line of great Chicago middle linebackers to make the Hall , joining Butkus , Singletary and Bill George . They were the Defensive Player of the Year of 2005 and joined Lewis on the 2000s all-decade team .
Dawkins spent most of their 16-year career in Philadelphia , earning five first-team All-Pro selections for their versatility that included 37 career interceptions and 26 career sacks . They became the first player in NFL history with a sack , interception , fumble recovery and touchdown catch in the same game against Houston in 2002 .
Kramer got passed over 10 times previously as a finalist before finally getting enough votes as a senior to become the 14th member of the Vince Lombardi Packers to make the Hall . Kramer helped anchor the Green Bay line for 11 seasons , winning six NFL titles and making the block that cleared the way for Bart Starr 's TD sneak in the “ Ice Bowl ” for the 1967 NFL championship .
Brazile was a finalist for the first time after a 10-year career for the Houston Oilers that included five straight All-Pro selections .
Beathard , also not on hand Saturday , helped build four Super Bowl champions in Miami and Washington and made seven trips to the title game during more than three decades as a personnel executive with a sharp eye for talent .
Five offensive linemen were among the 15 finalists , with tackle Joe Jacoby getting eliminated in voting that reduced the candidates to 10 , and tackle Tony Boselli , guards Alan Faneca and Steve Hutchinson , and center Kevin Mawae getting cut in the next round of voting .
Cornerback Ty Law also made it to the final 10 in their second time on the ballot . Defensive backs John Lynch and Everson Walls , receiver Isaac Bruce and running back Edgerrin James were the other candidates eliminated in the first cuts .
“ I 'm glad I did n't have to vote for this class , ” Urlacher said . “ It 's a great class . ”
Roseanne Barr is blaming Ambien for their racist tweets and telling them fans , “ I 'm not a racist , just an idiot who made a bad joke . ”
Sanofi , the maker of Ambien , responded with a statement full of shade : “ While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . ”
Barr 's Ambien explanation was part of an hours-long tweetstorm reacting to ABC 's cancellation of their hit show “ Roseanne . ”
They had said on Tuesday that they were leaving Twitter , but they just ca n't seem to log off .
They zig-zagged between apologizing for their foul Twitter behavior and retweeting memes that made their apology sound insincere . They retweeted fans who portrayed them as the victim of a liberal media double standard . All told , they posted more than 100 times .
Later in the day , President Trump joined them on Twitter . Their first public reaction to the show 's cancellation was a tweet criticizing Disney CEO Bob Iger .
Related : Trump breaks silence on Roseanne Barr scandal
Trump and Barr have been prominent supporters of each other . They both delight in attacking Democrats .
In this case , Barr was fired for their Tuesday tweet about former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett . But they kept it up on Wednesday , retweeting photos of Jarrett side by side with an ape .
It was Barr 's earlier tweet about Jarrett that caused outrage and ultimately led to the show 's cancellation . In a response to a comment about Jarrett , Barr had said : “ Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj . ”
Barr still claims they were just joking when they compared Jarrett to “ Planet of the Apes ” and the Muslim Brotherhood in a tweet on Tuesday morning .
In a reply to one of their fans , they said “ I honestly thought they were Jewish and Persian-ignorant of me for sure , but…i did . ”
They also said they had been on Ambien , a medication used to treat insomnia , at the time .
They tweeted , “ guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me . It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting — it was memorial day too — i went 2 far & do not want it defended — it was egregious Indefensible . I made a mistake I wish I had n't but…do n't defend it please . ”
They cited Ambien again in a later tweet , saying , “ Not giving excuses for what I did ( tweeted ) but I 've done weird stuff while on ambien — cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc . ”
Oddly , they later deleted all of their references to the medication . Nevertheless , Ambien became the # 1 trending topic on Twitter on Wednesday morning , leading to Sanofi 's public rebuke . Barr 's explanation was deemed laughable .
“ I have only taken Ambien once … but I do n't remember one of the side-effects being racism , ” CNN 's John Berman tweeted .
Related : The inside story of how ABC fired Roseanne Barr
In one of their other deleted tweets , Barr said “ I 'm sorry 4 my tweet , AND I will also defend myself as well as talk to my followers . so , go away if u do n't like it . I will handle my sadness the way I want to . I 'm tired of being attacked & belittled more than other comedians who have said worse . ”
Some of their replies to fans clearly expressed how they feel . At one point they said they believe they were fired because of fears over a potential boycott of the show 's advertisers . They also lashed out at co-stars Michael Fishman and Sara Gilbert .
“ You throw me under the bus . nice ! ” they said in a tweet directed at Fishman .
Them Twitter account had a manic feel throughout the morning . Through their selection of retweets , Barr implied that they were fired over their support for President Trump . One of the posts they shared said , inexplicably , “ they brought the show back so they could inevitably cancel the show when they said something they did n't like . ”
But then they deleted their retweet of that post .
Another retweet , still up as of 7 a.m . ET , quoted Herman Cain on Fox saying “ I believe they were looking for a reason to cancel # Roseanne and here 's why . Even though the show was a ratings success , forces within ABC did n't like the fact that their conservative defense of certain things was so popular . ”
i honestly thought they were Jewish and Persian-ignorant of me for sure , but…i did . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
Barr also continued to tweet about George Soros , a liberal donor who has been painted as the villain in many right-wing conspiracy theories .
One message they re-tweeted on Wednesday falsely accused the Hungary-born Jewish billionaire of collaborating with the Nazis .
Barr also said their firing “ worked out ” because they “ would leave when they started to try to censor me . ”
i think i know what really happened . It has made me mad , but as I told u-i would leave when they started to try to censor me , so it all worked out — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
After a head-spinning 24 hours , there are several outstanding questions :
— What will ABC schedule Tuesdays at 8 p.m. this fall in place of “ Roseanne ? ”
— Is there any possibility of a “ Roseanne ” sitcom without Barr ? A way to keep the cast and crew together in some way ?
— Will there be any measurable backlash from them fans ?
— Will President Trump comment at all ?
— What will Barr do next ?
Tom Werner , their longtime producing partner , told Deadline.com that they supported ABC 's decision .
They said they hoped “ Roseanne seeks the help they so clearly needs . ”
Mischa Barton wants to keep their troubled past behind them
On Jan. 26 , PEOPLE confirmed that police responded to multiple calls around 7:15 a.m. about a disturbance coming from Barton 's West Hollywood apartment . Upon arriving at their residence , officers found the actor and one house guest . According to authorities , Barton was “ fully clothed ” and “ speaking in coherent statements ” before they were transported to the hospital .
A day later , Barton , 31 , revealed in an exclusive statement to PEOPLE that they were been released from Cedars-Sinai Medical Center — and said that someone drugged them with GHB while they 're drinking with friends the night of their birthday celebration .
The actor , who willingly went to the hospital to seek professional help after the incident , is trying to move forward . “ She 's fragile but they do n't show it . It ca n't be easy for her , ” a source close to The O.C . alum tells PEOPLE . “ She just wants to get their career going again , change people 's perception of them and move on . ”
Just two weeks after voluntarily admitting themselves into the hospital , Barton was involved in an accident on Saturday night , crashing a U-Haul truck into an apartment building while they were moving out of their apartment .
“ She did n't judge the height of the carport and they crashed into it , ” says the source .
Back in 2013 , the actor opened up to PEOPLE in a candid interview about their personal struggles with fame , out of control partying and scary hospitalization .
“ I did n't know who was good and bad in Hollywood . We thought , ‘ Work hard , play hard , ' ” they said of partying with their pals at the time , Lindsay Lohan and Nicole Richie .
“ It was a train I could not get off of , ” they admitted . “ When you 're young , you can do it , but after a while , it 's going to come crashing down on you . ”
TERRE HAUTE , Ind . ( WTHI ) - The Terre Haute Police Department has a reminder for people that might be annoyed by late evening fireworks .
On Monday , Ryan Adamson from the THPD reminded people on their Twitter to not call 911 if someone is shooting fireworks before 11:00 p.m .
They say , for this week , people can legally shoot them off until 11:00 , except on the 4th of July , when it moves back to midnight .
They say there are times when you should call 911 however .
`` If it 's a safety issue to a dwelling or to someone 's personal safety , by all means , we need to know about it so we can show up . But just to call because it 's annoying you or it 's bothering your animals ... they 're allowed to do it , '' Adamson said .
Unless it is an emergency , Adamson says you should call the non-emergency line for Central Dispatch if you are a Vigo County resident .
That number is 812-232-1311 .
Caution tape on mail boxes serves as a bright remnant of the explosions that shook Tyler 's Montgomery Gardens neighborhood Tuesday afternoon .
`` The house was shaking and the doors ... it was like it was a tornado , '' Norma Ardis said .
The 75-year-old was home alone and left immediately when they saw what caused the motion in their house .
`` A big blaze of fire across that way , like it was fixing to burn the trees , '' Ardis said .
Tyler Welders Supply is just on the other side of the Montgomery Gardens neighborhood . A fire at the business caused several explosions Tuesday , and residents were asked to evacuate .
The evacuation order was lifted Wednesday morning , but Ardis said they came home late Tuesday night .
`` I had to have my medication , '' Ardis said .
Gustavo Casas said they returned home to devastation .
`` You see this is not good , nothing , '' Casas said .
Their main home was n't damaged , but the two bedroom trailer home in their back yard was a total loss .
`` My son lives out here , and you see I do n't have anything , '' Casas said .
Among the trailer debris , a tank from the welding business . It was n't just residents who were left with debris on their property . Drone video released by the Smith County Sheriff 's Office shows pieces of debris landing on a neighboring business and on a Tyler Welding supply building .
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
PREMIERSHIP-WINNING former Rabbitohs coach Michael Maguire is set to be appointed as NRL referees ' coach , with polarising boss Tony Archer to be given a new role .
And the deck chair shuffling has prompted a stunning swipe from former whistleblower Luke Phillips , who took to Twitter to urge Maguire to stand up to the establishment .
“ Hopefully they have the balls to stand up to Archer , ( Bernard ) Sutton and ( Russell ) Smith or nothing will change , ” Phillips tweeted .
Phillips also criticised Archer for creating “ a new role for themselves which they always wanted to do ” .
Archer is expected to be appointed as National Manager of Referees .
The NRL was contacted by foxsports.com.au but is yet to confirm the new positions in the referee hierarchy .
More to follow ...
Head of the Cypriot delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe ( PACE ) MP Stella Kyriakidou has been appointed representative of PACE in the European Commission for Democracy through Law , known as the Venice Commission .
According to a press release , this is the second time a member of the Cypriot delegation is appointed representative in the Venice Commission , which is considered to be a very important development for Cyprus , as the position is traditionally given to MPs who are distinguished for their service to PACE , and their experience , objectivity , and fairness .
CNA
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday , opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date .
VERSAILLES — An unknown number of hogs perished in an early morning fire Monday northwest of Versailles .
At approximately 6:30 a.m. , fire units responded to the scene of a hog barn fire at the 6700 block of Brown Road . Reportedly , three of the five structures at the site were completely ablaze upon their arrival . Firefighters worked quickly to get many of the hogs out of danger and contain the fire .
Versailles Fire Chief Brian Pearson said they do not yet have a reckoning on how many hogs were killed or the cost of damage to the structures .
“ The owner mentioned that it 's going to take a few days until they get the area cleaned and assessed , ” they said . “ Other than the departments that responded , I can not give any accurate figures until I hear back from the [ owners ] . We moved live hogs into other barns , and then they have to get a count from the additional hogs that were in there . ”
Departments responding to the scene included Russia , Osgood , North Star , Burkettsville , Rossburg , Ansonia , Greenville Township and Gettysburg . No firefighters suffered injuries fighting the blaze . The fire remains under investigation .
By Erik Martin emartin @ dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314 . Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314 . Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
( CNN ) — President Donald Trump directly condemned white supremacists and neo-Nazis in a statement from the White House Monday afternoon .
“ Racism is evil — and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists , and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , ” Trump said in response to the attacks in Charlottesville , Virginia , over the weekend .
“ Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America , ” Trump said .
Democrats and Republicans have excoriated Trump for their unwillingness to condemn the groups behind the violent protests that left one woman dead who was allegedly hit by a car driven by a man with ties to white supremacy groups .
After blaming the violence “ on many sides ” Saturday , Trump stayed silent for close to 48 hours . letting their trademark bluntness and campaign pledges to call terrorism what it is succumbed to silence and vagueness .
Trump 's comments came as they took a short break from their 17-day long working vacation in New York and New Jersey with a trip to the White House . They initially returned to Washington to meet with top administration officials and sign a presidential memorandum directing their US Trade Representative to determine whether an investigation is needed into China 's laws and policies related to trade and intellectual property .
This was the White House 's latest attempt to clarify Trump 's comments from Saturday .
An unnamed White House official said Sunday that “ of course ” the President condemns “ white supremacists , KKK , neo-nazi and all extremist groups , ” but declined to explain why the President was n't saying it himself .
Trump also remained mum on Twitter , declining to send a single tweet of their own Sunday , only the fourth in their 207 days as president that Trump has gone a full day without tweeting a message of their own .
Trump did , however , use Twitter on Monday to push their political message and settle a score : They slammed Ken Frazier , the CEO of Merck Pharma , who resigned from Trump 's manufacturing council over their failure to condemn white supremacists .
“ Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES , ” Trump tweeted .
Frazier , one of the nation 's top African-American CEOs , has spent considerable time at the White House with Trump before they resigned their position .
This story is breaking and will be updated .
Jambon , Prime Minister Charles Michel and King Philippe visited the woman in hospital , where they were being treated for shock .
`` She was very courageous and perhaps , but this we will have to verify , they helped avoid more victims in the school , '' Jambon said .
The cleaning woman , identified only by their first name Darifa , told state broadcaster RTBF that Herman said they just wanted to `` stir up '' the police . They asked them if they were a Muslim and if they were observing the holy fasting month of Ramadan .
`` He told me do n't worry , I wo n't do anything at all . Listen , you do what I say , but do n't worry . I wo n't do anything to you , '' the woman said .
They said they threw their ID card on the ground before running out to confront the police .
`` I think they knew that it was all over for him . And they went out , '' they said .
Jambon said an investigation has been launched into the incident , including the circumstances surrounding Herman 's release from prison .
`` It 's really an isolated case . They are n't part of a network , they did n't receive instructions from anyone else , so there is no need to raise the terror threat alert level , '' Jambon said , adding that investigators have no precise information that any other attacks might be likely .
Amid questions about how two officers could have been disarmed , Jambon praised the work of all involved , saying `` the police did an extraordinary job . ''
`` They reacted well . All the systems , all the procedures worked . But if you are attacked from behind , as was the case with the two officers , you ca n't do anything , '' they said .
The police officers have been identified as Soraya Belkacemi , 44 , and Lucile Garcia , 54 . The passenger in the car was named as Cyril Vangriecken , 22 , who was preparing to become a primary school teacher .
Belgian media reports named the man killed before Tuesday 's rampage as Michael Wilmet .
In Liege , the mother of Soraya Belkacemi , Bernadette Hennart , kissed a necklace and laid it over flowers at the scene , saying it was important for them and the victim 's brother to visit the place where their daughter spent their last moments alive .
Hennart said that they had come `` to piece things together . No one has told me very much . Only through the media , and it 's not nice . I ca n't stand watching it . I ca n't say goodbye to her . ''
Flags were flying at half-staff on public buildings around the city and people gathered to sign a book of condolences and lay flowers in memory of the victims . The prime minister joined others at the scene in a minute 's silence . Police and security officials also assembled in Brussels and Antwerp to mourn the loss of their two colleagues .
`` Every morning I am scared that something like this will happen , and every day it happens closer to home , '' Melissa Lamny told The Associated Press after wrapping flowers around a lamppost at the scene of the killings .
AUSTRALIA will look to take a crucial 2-1 lead in its Davis Cup tie with Germany through the all-important doubles fixture .
The pair of Matthew Ebden and John Peers will represent the hosts as they take on German duo Peter Gojowczyk and Tim Puetz .
Yesterday , teenager Alex De Minaur threatened a boilover when they pushed world No.5 Alexander Zverev to the limit before succumbing in a four hour , five set epic at Pat Rafter Arena .
World No.14 Nick Kyrgios levelled the first round tie at 1-1 when they thrashed German No.2 Jan-Lennard Struff in straight sets , 6-4 6-4 6-4 .
BERNIE WHO ? ‘ SUPERB ' DEMON CAN BE NEXT AUSSIE STAR
ALL SQUARE : KYRGIOS CRUISES TO LEVEL DAVIS CUP TIE
Kyrgios said they felt for de Minaur , who cut a shattered figure after finally succumbing 7-5 4-6 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 4 ) to Zverev — ranked 134 places higher than the plucky Australian .
But Kyrgios said they would not need to say too much to motivate de Minaur ahead of Sunday 's reverse singles rubbers .
“ He 's okay now . They understand ... what happened is done now , ” Kyrgios said .
“ I ca n't see why they wo n't be able to do it on Sunday . ”
Hewitt said Kyrgios had been quick to bond with de Minaur after the teenager joined the team following a stellar summer in which they made their first ATP tour final .
“ He 's sort of been their older brother , ” Hewitt told Seven Networks .
“ They are the things Nick does which the public does n't see . ”
Kyrgios also impressed Hewitt on the court after storming to their seventh straight win at Pat Rafter Arena .
“ Super impressed with this bloke , ” Hewitt said of Kyrgios .
“ Everyone expects them to take care of these matches . I 've been in that position before and it 's not an easy thing to do . ”
Schedule
Day 2 ( Saturday ) : Doubles , from 2pm AEDT
Day 3 ( Sunday ) : Reverse singles , from 1pm AEDT
LIVE UPDATES ( if the blog does not appear , click here )
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
TORONTO — Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday , less than six months away from the June provincial election .
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September , a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury , Ont. , involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges .
Brown told reporters they hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal “ maybe when they stand trial ” and went on to describe them as a “ sitting premier , sitting in trial . ”
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness .
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne 's lawyer and following a libel notice in October , saying they would “ ignore their baseless legal threat. ” Their lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory .
Wynne 's legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $ 100,000 in general , aggravated , exemplary and punitive damages . Brown 's statements harmed Wynne 's reputation , they wrote .
“ The deliberate , malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff 's reputation , ” Wynne 's lawyers wrote .
“ The defendant 's egregious misconduct in publishing statements that they knew to be false , their ongoing refusal to retract these false statements , and their high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff 's complaints were baseless and would be ignored , all justify an award of aggravated , exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant . ”
Wynne 's spokesperson said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier 's ability to continue with the legal case .
“ We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for their defamatory remarks , ” Jenn Beaudry wrote . “ It should be that simple . However , if they continue to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action . ”
Brown has not yet filed a statement of defence .
Progressive Conservative Bill Walker also made remarks in September suggesting the premier was under investigation and facing charges in connection with the Sudbury bribery trial . They apologized hours after receiving a letter from Wynne 's lawyers .
“ Mr . Walker 's apology and retraction were widely reported in the media and there can be no doubt that the situation was extensively discussed by ( Brown ) and their staff , ” Wynne 's lawyers wrote .
“ As a result , the defendant was fully aware that the Walker statements were false , and that Mr. Walker had retracted them and issued a public apology . ”
The two Liberals on trial in Sudbury were ultimately acquitted .
Wynne previously sued the former Progressive Conservative leader , Tim Hudak , and another Tory member of provincial parliament after the pair said they oversaw — and possibly ordered — the destruction of documents related to two cancelled gas plants . Those are allegations for which two McGuinty-era staffers are on trial and awaiting a judge 's decision .
That lawsuit was resolved in 2015 , though it is not known whether it was settled or withdrawn .
Science fiction has the best premises . No surprise there ; any genre based on impossible what-ifs is bound to wind up in some interesting places . What if interplanetary travel were possible , for instance ? What if people could get on a starship , as they do on a plane , and emigrate to a new life on a new planet ? The voyage would take a long time – 120 years , say . The passengers would be in a state of suspended animation , roused from their slumber just a few months before they reached their destination . What if something went wrong , though ? What if one passenger was woken up too early ? Like for instance , 90 years too early ?
Jim ( Chris Pratt ) is the passenger in question , finding themselves awake , alone – except for robotic bartender Arthur ( Michael Sheen ) , programmed to polish glasses and offer bartender wisdom for all eternity – and apparently doomed to live and die in transit between Earth and the planet Homestead II . The premise works on many levels , including as a metaphor for vanishing humanity in a mechanised world . “ I need to talk to a person ! ” pleads Jim as they keep bumping up against chirpy robotic messages . ( He does finally locate a helpline and send a message – but their message will take 19 years to reach Earth , so it does n't really help . ) And the premise also works on a more basic level , as a space-set Robinson Crusoe with increasingly shaggy Jim trying to get used to life alone .
Their plight differs in two respects from Robinson Crusoe 's . First , their desert island is lavishly appointed : they may be lonely but they live in luxury , taking advantage of facilities designed for 5,000 people . There are games and pastimes , little robots to pick up the crumbs if they spill anything , even a spacewalk where they can gaze at the stars and weep at the enormity of their solitude – though admittedly all the good meals are reserved for Gold Class passengers , forcing our hero to breakfast on black coffee and lumpy porridge . ( Could even vacuum-packed meals last for 120 years without going bad ? I suppose they do things differently in the future . ) Yet there 's also a second difference from the usual castaway : Crusoe was truly alone , Man Friday excepted – but Jim , who craves human contact , is surrounded by people , 5,000 of them in fact . The only problem is , they 're all asleep .
Jim is an engineer ; they could probably get a pod to open prematurely ( like their own did ) if they tried . But then he 'd be taking that person 's life , forcing them to live out their years on the spaceship ; it 'd be murder , or at least a murky kind of exploitation ( the film points out that the passengers are themselves being exploited , by the company behind the space travel programme ) . This is where Passengers get quite intriguing , adding a moral dilemma to its physical situation . I wo n't say what happens next – it 's obvious anyway , if you glance at the cast list – but the film 's poor reviews and box-office failure seem undeserved , at least for an hour or so . That premise hooks you .
There are two problems , both pretty major . The third act – when Jim discovers that the ship is badly damaged , and tries to repair the damage for the sake of the sleeping passengers – is shoddily done ; the introduction of an extra character played by Laurence Fishburne , whose only function is to ( somehow ) appear , give Jim the information and equipment they need then quickly expire , is an embarrassingly un-creative way of taking the plot where it needs to go . The other major problem is that the ending is awful – or , if not awful , abrupt to the point of hilarity . I can only assume there was a whole other section that got cut at the last minute ; either way , Andy Garcia 's ‘ role ' in this movie is among the most ignominious career lows ever suffered by a major actor .
It 's a huge lapse , of course ; a premise is no good unless it 's consummated . Passengers are likely to leave viewers feeling dissatisfied ( word-of-mouth must 've been lethal ) – yet most of the film is perfectly fine , the Twilight Zone premise easing into love story with Pratt and Jennifer Lawrence making the heavy lifting of a two-character drama seem effortless ( Sheen , meanwhile , joins a long list of memorable barkeeps including Joe Turkel in The Shining , Brian Dennehy in 10 and Ethan Hawke in Predestination ) . At the core of this flawed , absorbing movie is a tale of machines breaking down to expose our fragile humanity , and the questions that asks of us : Is our life really in our hands ? Should we try to get what we want , or make the best of what we have ? Are we all just passengers in the hands of Fate ? As Arthur says when our hero 's moral triage gets a bit too complicated : “ Jim , these are not robot questions ” .
DIRECTED BY Morten Tyldum
STARRING Chris Pratt , Jennifer Lawrence , Michael Sheen
US 2016 116 mins
RCMP say bear stalked toward one of the children while they were on an island along Hudson Bay coast
A polar bear poses waits for the Hudson Bay to freeze over near Churchill , Man . Wednesday , Nov. 7 , 2007 . ( THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jonathan Hayward )
A Nunavut man died this week while protecting their children from a rare polar bear attack .
RCMP say Aaron Gibbons , 31 , was on an island about 10 kilometres from the hamlet of Arviat , along the west coast of Hudson Bay , on Tuesday afternoon when the bear attacked .
“ He was enjoying their day with their children , ” said Gordy Kidlapik , Gibbons 's uncle . “ They were surprised by a bear that had started to stalk or charge toward one of their children .
“ What ( Aaron ) did was they told their children to run away to the boat while they were putting themselves between the bear and their children to protect them . ”
The children , described as elementary school age , made it safely to the boat . One of the girls called for help on the CB radio .
“ We actually heard the call for help , ” said Kidlapik . ” It was terrible to listen to . ”
Gibbons was pronounced dead at the scene .
Kidlapik said their nephew would have had a rifle with him .
“ That island , you know , it 's one of the places where there will be bears . It 's normal to walk around with a rifle . ”
RCMP said Gibbons did n't have their rifle immediately to hand when the bear attacked . They said the bear was shot and killed by other adults on what is known as Century Island .
Kidlapik said many in the hamlet stood on the beach Tuesday night under the midnight sun as Gibbons 's body was brought home .
“ It 's a very big shock , ” they said .
“ There 's never been a mauling this serious since I started going out . It 's the first mauling that I know of . ”
READ MORE : Polar bear , monarch butterfly among species on latest at-risk list
Dan Pimentel of Nunavut 's Environment Department said the last fatal polar bear mauling was in 2000 near Rankin Inlet , about 200 kilometres up the coast from Arviat .
Pimentel said little information was immediately available as to the bear 's condition at the time of the attack .
“ That will have to wait until our conservation officers get there and are able to examine the bear . There 's only limited information you can get right away as to the health of the bear . ”
Arviat is considered to be in the range of the Western Hudson Bay polar bear population , estimated in 2016 to number about 840 . The Polar Bear Specialist Group , an international body of experts , says that number is stable although it notes declines in body size and condition .
The hunting quota for local bears has steadily increased to 38 this year from 28 in 2016 .
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FRISCO -- To say the Cowboys have been busy making roster moves this offseason , almost seems like an understatement .
Over the past several days , the Cowboys have signed a running back , a linebacker , a defensive tackle and a wide receiver to the mix while releasing a guard and a defensive tackle ...
In doing so , the Cowboys are trying to lay a new foundation for the team , and they 're also getting younger .
The still young Ezekiel Elliott is quickly becoming a leader .
Meanwhile , the winner of the Indianapolis 500 , Will Power , was in Frisco Wednesday meeting players .
Hopefully some of Power 's mojo rubs off on the Cowboys .
Would n't it be nice to see America 's team cross the finish line in first this year ?
Warning : Cellphone footage in the video is disturbing .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PATTERSON , Calif. – A senior at a Northern California high school was arrested Friday morning after a video that appears to show them throwing a kitten into a body of water was posted online .
Police say the video was shot over a year ago , but it surfaced this week and has been shared across social media hundreds of times .
`` My heart , it just left my body , '' said Nicole Pinheiro , who shared the video . `` And I showed my mom and they burst into tears . They were like , ' I ca n't believe that this is the world now . ' ''
Investigators in Stanislaus County say the overwhelming amount of shares helped put the incident , and the Patterson High School student on their radar .
Patterson Police arrested Garret Haile before school on Friday . They were 17 when the video was shot , and just turned 18 last week . Haile was booked into jail on a felony animal cruelty charge . Investigators say whoever recorded the video may also face charges .
Police said they expect Haile will face the charge as a minor -- something Pinheiro disagrees with .
`` At 17 , I still knew what I was doing . They knew what they were doing , '' they told KTXL . `` Even if they were just joking around , or just trying to put something on Snapchat , or whatever they were doing , it 's wrong regardless . Regardless of if it 's a year old or today , they still did it . ''
Pinheiro says they just wants Haile to pay for their actions .
As for the cat in the video , police are looking into where Haile threw it -- whether it 's in Stanislaus County or somewhere else .
It is unknown if the cat survived .
Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson and Lauren Hashian 's happy family keeps growing !
The actor , 45 , announced on Monday that they and their girlfriend had welcomed their second child together , daughter Tiana Gia Johnson .
Alongside a picture of the proud papa holding their newborn child , Johnson wrote that they were “ blessed and proud to bring another strong girl into this world . ”
They also made sure to extend some sweet words to their girlfriend , adding that “ it 's hard to express the new level of love , respect and admiration I have for @ laurenhashianofficial and all mamas and women out there . ”
The couple is already parents to 2-year-old daughter Jasmine Lia , while Johnson is also dad to 16-year-old daughter Simone Alexandra .
To celebrate the happy news , here 's a look back at Johnson and Hashian 's lasting love .
Lucky in Love
After getting divorced from their ex wife Danny Garcia , with whom they share daughter Simone , the Rampage star told PEOPLE in 2012 that they considered themselves a lucky man for being able to find love again .
“ I was so fortunate to have fallen in love once , ” said Johnson . “ To fall in love again ? That 's a hard thing to do twice in the position I 'm in . I 'm one lucky son of a bitch . ”
Dwayne Johnson and Lauren Hashian Todd Williamson/Getty
RELATED : Dwayne Johnson Welcomes Daughter Tiana Gia
Domestic Bliss
Although Johnson does n't often speak about the details of their relationship with Hashian , in 2015 they told Esquire that the pair had been living together for “ like , eight , nine years now . ”
“ We do these stories and we talk so much about the business end , the success end , but then Lauren is n't mentioned and my daughter [ Simone ] is n't mentioned ” they added . “ I always like making sure we find the balance and my home life is in there and Lauren Hashian is in there and my daughter is in there . ”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
Welcoming Their First Child
A week before Christmas in 2015 , the couple welcomed their first child together — daughter Jasmine .
“ Christmas came early ! Within minutes of being born they were laying on daddy 's chest . And being a grateful man takes on a whole new meaning , ” Johnson wrote alongside a picture of their adorable newborn resting on their chest .
They also took the time to celebrate the “ strength and beauty ” of their girlfriend .
“ I was right there during labor , helping them breathe , every highly intense contraction , every second of pain , right there watching the actual birth , cutting the cord and wiping the tears . Incredible , ” they said , adding that “ as men , it 's a miracle we should witness because it 'll give you a whole new respect for the strength and beauty of a woman ) . ”
The Secret to Their Lasting Love
After being crowned as PEOPLE 's Sexiest Man Alive in 2016 , Johnson gushed over the pair 's love for each other , explaining that they have “ the greatest relationship ” because they know how to make each other laugh .
“ First of all , they tease me about everything . Everything , ” they told PEOPLE . “ Nothing is off limits in our house . And it 's the beauty of it . And I tease them with everything . ”
They also added that Hashian was n't going to be surprised when they told them the good news because “ she already thinks I 'm the Sexiest Man Alive . ”
Dwayne Johnson and Lauren Hashian David Fisher/Rex Shutterstock
RELATED : Dwayne Johnson & Pregnant Girlfriend Make Their First Public Appearance After Announcing Baby News
A Second Bundle of Joy
In December of last year , the couple revealed that they would be welcoming a second daughter into their happy family .
“ Our Jasmine Lia would like to make a big announcement – IT 'S A GIRL , ” the former WWE star captioned a photo of their toddler posing in front of the family Christmas tree with a sign that read “ It 's a Girl ! Ca n't wait to be a big sister ! And finally be the boss ! ”
“ @ laurenhashianofficial and I are boundlessly grateful for this blessing as this spring we 'll welcome our second baby . Plus , Jazzy is excited to boss around and protect their lil ' sis . And once again , big daddy is completely surrounded by beautiful estrogen and loving , powerful female mana . All girls . One dude . And a boy dog . I would n't have it any other way . # ItsAGirl # GratefulMan # TequilaTime , ” they continued .
Lauren Hashian and Dwayne Johnson Christopher Polk/Getty
RELATED VIDEO : Dwayne ‘ The Rock ‘ Johnson Talks Fatherhood & Jokes About Not Being Able to ‘ Make ' Boys
Months later in an interview with Rolling Stone the actor revealed that before the couple found out they were pregnant with their second child , they were planning on getting married in Hawaii this spring .
“ But then we got pregnant , ” they explained . “ And Mama do n't wan na take wedding pictures with a big belly – Mama wan na look good . ”
RELATED : Dwayne Johnson Ca n't Wait to Raise a Third Daughter : ‘ Bring on the Estrogen ! '
Dwayne Johnson , Lauren Hashian and daughter Jasmine Johnson JB Lacroix/ WireImage
Three Daughters Strong
After the birth of their third daughter , Johnson could n't stop gushing over admiration for both their newborn daughter and their girlfriend .
Offering up a bit of technical advice , the actor wrote , “ word to the wise gentlemen , it 's critical to be by your lady 's head when she 's delivering , being as supportive as you can … holding hands , holding legs , whatever you can do . ”
“ But , if you really want to understand the single most powerful and primal moment life will ever offer — watch your child being born . Its a life changer and the respect and admiration you have for a woman , will forever be boundless , ” they continued .
“ And to my third and youngest daughter , Tiana Gia – like I did when your two older sisters Simone Alexandra and Jasmine Lia were born , you have my word , I 'll love , protect , guide and make ya laugh for the rest of my life , ” Johnson said as they addressed their newborn . “ Your crazy dad has many responsibilities and wears many hats in this big ol ' world , but being your dad will always be the one I 'm most proud to wear . ”
“ Oh and one more thing .. you 're gon na love rollin ' in daddy 's pickup truck , ” they joked , adding the hashtags , “ # TianaGiaJohnson , ” “ # 3rdDaughter ” and “ # BlessesAndGratefulMan . ”
PDEA Director General Aaron Aquino says the term tokhang now means 'killing ' for most of Filipinos
Published 4:50 PM , December 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Language , as they say , evolves .
For Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency ( PDEA ) chief Director General Aaron Aquino , the evolution of the term `` tokhang '' has taken a bad turn and it needs to be scrapped soon .
Aquino gave their observation during a Monday , December 11 , briefing after reporters asked what was their advice to the PNP in crafting new drug war guidelines .
`` For us , sa ( in ) PDEA , I suggest there will be no more slogans , no more 'Tokhangs ' no more 'Double Barrels , ' just plain buy-bust operations . Simple lang naman 'yan eh ( it 's just simple ) , '' Aquino said .
Oplan Double Barrel is the PNP 's war on drugs campaign plan which encompasses Oplan Tokhang . The latter is literally a combination of the words toktok and hangyo , to originally mean `` knock-and-plead '' operations .
However , in the government 's ongoing war on drugs , the term tokhang has gained notoriety as people now associate it with the killings of thousands of drug personalities in past two years .
Because of the infamy of the word `` tokhang , '' Aquino said , its original meaning has changed and this burdens rather than helps the PNP in executing its campaign .
`` Tokhang is just to appeal to the drug personality to surrender . That 's it . Pero ang connotation ng Tokhang sa karamihan ng masa is killing . 'Gusto mong ma-Tokhang ka ? ' Ano ba ang ibig sabihin no'n ? 'Gusto mong mamatay ka ? ' 'Yun ang nagiging connotation eh . Kaya dapat itigil na ang Tokhang na word kasi it 's misleading , at people give a bad connotation of Tokhang , '' Aquino said .
( But the connotation of Tokhang to most of the masses means killing . 'You wan na undergo Tokhang ? ' What does that mean ? 'You wan na die ? ' . That 's the emerging connotation . That 's why they should stop the use of the Tokhang word because it 's misleading . )
Aquino is no stranger to the use of the term as they themselves was the PNP 's regional director for Central Luzon before they were appointed to lead the PDEA .
The PDEA chief clarified that it was not the fault of the PNP that the word 's meaning has been blackened because it was previously a `` good program '' before the killings happened . ( READ : 8.8M homes covered by TokHang when PNP led drug war )
`` Pero kapag titingnan mo kasi ang Tokhang , maganda naman ang ano eh , maganda naman ang programa na 'yun eh . Sumama lang nang sumama dahil sa pagbibigay , na-mislabel 'yung word na ito , '' Aquino said .
( If you are going to look at the program , it is already good program . It just worsened because it has been mislabeled . )
In a phone interview with Rappler , they added that they do not want the program to be junked entirely , but just the use of the term .
`` Wala na siyang tawag . Pero part pa rin 'yung operations na pagtoktok at pagsurrender , '' they said . ( It wo n't be called anything . But the knocking and surrendering will remain in operations . ) – Rappler.com
India is “ prepared ” to force a military stalemate against its rival China if necessary , the Times of India ( TOI ) quoted an unnamed official as stating this week .
A senior Indian official told TOI on condition of anonymity :
India does not want war . But if the push comes to shove , we are prepared . China has been forced to grudgingly accept that India is no pushover after repeatedly testing our resolve over the last few years , especially during the Doklam troop face-off last year .
Referring to a potential conflict between India and China , a senior Indian Air Force reportedly added :
They will try to use forces to disrupt our airbases . … That 's why during the just-concluded GaganShakti exercise , we war-gamed hitting China from widely dispersed locations . We also conducted maritime interdiction sorties in the Bay of Bengal .
“ We have the capability to counter-attack , ” an unnamed Indian army officer said .
According to the latest annual Global Firepower ( GFP ) index , which ranks the armed forces of 133 countries , India trails right behind China .
The countries with the strongest militaries in the world are respectively identified as the United States , Russia , China , India , and France .
Echoing the GFP assessment , the most recent annual Jane 's Defence Budgets Report authored by prominent research firm IHS Markit , determined that the top five military budgets in the globe include that of the U.S. , China , India , Russia , and the United Kingdom , from highest to lowest spender .
Although the assessments place China ahead of India , TOI noted that the assessment from “ top Indian military commanders ” determined that “ the swift dragon [ China ] can be held to a stalemate , even though it may be able to inflict some damage by breathing fire . ”
“ India is militarily no longer the pushover it was during the 1962 war despite persisting critical operational and infrastructure gaps as well as the ever-expanding military asymmetry with China , ” TOI added .
The People 's Liberation Navy “ may be much larger but in terms of operational expertise and experience in the Indian Ocean Region , they are far behind . The Chinese Navy is still learning to operate far away from its shores , ” an unnamed senior Indian naval officer acknowledged .
Indian commanders provided the assessment of India 's military capabilities soon after Beijing taunted New Delhi over the 2017 stand-off along the border the two countries share in the Doklam region .
In March , China declared the Doklam border region an undisputed “ Chinese territory , ” once again provoking tensions with New Delhi .
Asserting that Doklam , known as Donglang in China , ultimately belongs to China , Hua Chunying , a spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , urged India to “ learn some lessons ” from the incident .
Hua credited China with having the “ wisdom ” and leading the “ efforts ” responsible for resolving China 's face-off with India , noting :
Last year , thanks to our concerted efforts , our diplomatic efforts , and wisdom that we properly resolved this issue . We hope the Indian side could learn some lessons from this , stick to historical conventions and work with China to ensure the peace and stability in the border area as well as a good atmosphere for the development of bilateral ties .
In 1962 , China and India went to war over territorial disputes in Kashmir , a Muslim-majority Himalayan region claimed by Beijing , its ally Islamabad , and their rival New Delhi .
Last year , China 's decision to deploy troops to accompany workers seeking to extend a road into India 's side of the Doklam region triggered a nearly 70-day stand-off ( June 16 thru August 28 ) between the two rivals .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Former NFL quarterback Jesse Palmer has a new gig !
And no ladies , it 's not another season of the Bachelor .
But he 'll soon be hitting your TV screen five days a week !
That 's right . The Daily Mail announced , Monday , that Palmer will be the host of its new show Daily Mail TV , which will premiere across the U.S. on Monday , September 18 .
`` It 's going to be so much fun to watch . A lot of breaking stories , '' Palmer said .
They said the show will be an extension of the online newspaper and will include some great guests , and something for everybody .
`` Whether it 's politics , news , celebrity news , sports technology , crime , '' said Palmer .
Before joining the Daily Mail TV , Palmer was a news correspondent for ABC 's Good Morning America .
He 's also a football analyst at ESPN , which is something he 'll continue to do as they take on the new show .
So brace yourself as the biggest online newspaper in the world takes over your television this fall !
It 'll air weekdays at 4p , right before NewsFix .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COLLEGE STATION - White Nationalists here in Texas have announced plans for a `` White Lives Matter '' rally on the campus of Texas A & M University scheduled for September 11th .
The rally is being organized by Aggie Alumni Preston Wiginton , who also got white supremacist Richard Spencer to come to the campus and speak back in December .
According to Texas A & M 's student newspaper , Wiginton says `` the event will be to protest the liberal anti-white agenda , which includes white guilt which leads to white genocide . ''
They say they were actually inspired by the `` Unite the Right '' rally in Charlottesville .
Texas A & M says it does n't support Wiginton 's views .
Student Body President Bobby Brooks says he 's working with students to figure out a way to take on the issue .
If you know your history before world war 2 Germany was facing hard times they broke labor groups they blamed their problem on a single race of people they used war to get the factories making jobs than they killed Jews without any feelings . Now how are we doing the same well we are not but sending Mexicans across the border many who have been here for ten years or more . When they are sent back many are robbed and killed for the money they have or held hostage so relatives still in the states will pay to keep them alive . I know it is not our problem we did not buy the drugs that made the cartel'swealthy . No more than the poppies grown in the middle east . The banks and wall Street caused our lost jobs and homes . The same ones we bailed out and the same ones who pay our elected people in Washington DC to not tax them not find the guilty and punish them . They broke it they should for go the big checks for a few years and they should be made to pay for schools and state short falls they should not get 1 or 2 or 4 years grace on paying the property taxes on homes they have prepossessed we have to pay our taxed every year if we are a homeowner we did not bankrupt the country so why are they aloud to wait until they sell before having the bill paid by inflating the closing cost to the new buyer so the buyer pays all the back taxes instead of the banks who have made almost every American struggle just to eat and pay our bills .
SYDNEY train commuters are in for a very long slog home tonight after a fatality in Western Sydney triggered major delays on all train lines .
Transport for NSW has told passengers at Wynyard and Town Hall stations to walk to nearby stations due to overcrowding , leaving commuters frustrated .
“ Sydney Trains apologises to any customers impacted by delays on our network today , ” a spokesperson said .
Camera Icon Chaos at Town Hall due to the major delays . Picture : News Corp Picture : Supplied
“ The delays are as a result of an earlier fatality at Wentworthville . Due to the nature of the incident a crime scene had to be established resulting in line closures for over three hours . ”
A Sydney Trains employee said all trains were delayed by between 15 and 30 minutes due to the earlier emergency .
Sumati Prasad and their partner were left waiting for 25 minutes for a train home to Epping .
“ I 've been waiting 25 minutes and it 's still going . Time keeps being added to the indicator board , ” they said .
Camera Icon Commuters face a long , hot run home . Picture : News Corp Australia Picture : Supplied
Camera Icon All aboard ! Picture : News Corp Australia Picture : Supplied
“ It 's unbelievable . We had a party to go to but I do n't know if I 'll make it . We are trying to get to Epping . It seems like it 's a consistent thing that trains are delayed to Epping . ”
Leo Wibowo and their young daughter have been stuck at Town Hall for more than an hour .
“ My train was supposed to come at 5:38 and it 's now 6:45 . My daughter and I went to get ice cream to kill time , ” Mr Wibowo said .
“ On the indicator boards , it says my train to Epping will come after Blacktown in two minutes but who knows , we 've been waiting so long . ”
Camera Icon Sydney Trains is reporting major delays on all lines . Picture : News Corp Australia Picture : Supplied
Transport workers have been forced to barricade Town Hall 's stairways to the platform to stagger the heavy stream of commuters trying to make their way home .
The delays have been triggered by a death at Wentworthville about 6.30am .
Police are not treating the fatality at the station as suspicious .
Weird news stories from around the world… with a healthy dose of LASERS added in . Does it make sense ? No not really , but it does n't HAVE TO… it 's “ Laser Stories ” !
Prince William has a message for their fellow Brits : It 's okay to let your emotions show .
“ There may be a time and a place for the ‘ stiff upper lip , ' but not at the expense of your health , ” the royal dad says in a new interview with mental health outlet CALMzine .
Though William and their brother Prince Harry are n't running in the London Marathon this Sunday , they have been active participants in the lead-up to this year 's race through their work with their mental health campaign , Heads Together .
In the same interview , Prince Harry looked back to their own experiences in the military , where they say the support soldiers have for one another is overwhelming , but often does n't include the emotional support needed while serving .
“ You 'll do anything for each other , scrub each other 's boots , drag each other through the mud , anything , ” says Harry , who was widely praised on Monday for revealing they sought therapy after struggling for years with their mother 's death . “ Yet , on the other hand , this support for each other has n't included looking after how your buddy is feeling and thinking about things . ”
“ Hopefully if men see soldiers talking about mental health , it will give them the confidence to do the same . ”
Throughout the interview , the two brothers put forward their message of how important it is to end the stigma that surrounds talking about mental health .
“ For too long there has been a taboo about talking some important issues , ” William said . “ If you were anxious , it 's because you were weak . If you could n't cope with whatever life threw at you , it 's because you were failing . Successful , strong people do n't suffer like that , do they ? But of course — we all do . ”
It 's a message , William says , they and Princess Kate hope to pass on to their children .
“ Catherine and I are clear that we want both George and Charlotte to grow up feeling able to talk about their emotions and feelings , ” they said .
Heads Together , the mental health campaign supported by William , Harry and Princess Kate , is the chosen charity of the London Marathon . Ahead of the race on Sunday , every runner was given a turquoise Heads Together headband ( just like the ones the royals have ! ) .
CALMzine is published by the Campaign Against Living Miserably ( CALM ) , a partner charity of Heads Together . Simon Gunning , the CEO of CALM , praised William and Harry for the work they are doing with Heads Together , as well as speaking out about the importance of looking after your own mental health .
“ It 's incredibly significant that the Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry have lent their voices to CALMzine , as it 's a way we can reach men who may feel they 're not coping but are unsure of where to go or what to do , ” Gunning said . “ Seeing all different kinds of men represented in the magazine – from princes to artists , athletes or musicians – makes it clear that we 're all in this together and it 's not unusual to have a tough time . ”
Scroll for more content ...
Democrats challenging California Rep. Devin Nunes for their House seat have seen some benefit to the House Intelligence Committee memo alleging the FBI misused its surveillance authority .
The leading Democratic candidate hoping to unseat the Republican chairperson of the committee has raised more than $ 100,000 in campaign donations .
Since Nunes ' classified memo was released on Friday , the campaign for California prosecutor Andrew Janz has raised $ 130,379 and is just shy of 4,000 individual contributions .
Janz 's campaign manager , Heather Greven , told CNN that Nunes is doing the campaign a big favor . The campaign has raised more in the past eight days than since Janz announced their candidacy back in April , according to Greven .
The campaign also released a digital ad Thursday night attacking the Republican memo and Nunes ' involvement in drafting it and pushing for its release .
As chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee , Nunes spearheaded the GOP memo , which was made public Friday by the committee with the approval of President Donald Trump .
Democrats have called the memo misleading and politically motivated , arguing that it omits key information from the underlying intelligence it 's based on .
`` There was a lot of hype and there was n't really any substance to the memo , '' Janz said in an interview Saturday with CNN . They added that people in their district have been concerned about how the memo could affect special counsel Robert Mueller 's Russia investigation .
Janz said they hope the Democrats release their own memo to rebut the GOP 's document .
`` It 's important to provide context to what Devin ( Nunes ) has released , '' Janz said . `` It 's important for the American people to get a full picture so they can reach their own conclusions about how well the FBI is doing their job . ''
Nunes , who has served in Congress since 2003 , is being challenged by six Democratic candidates , a Libertarian candidate , and an American Solidarity Party candidate in the 22nd Congressional District race , which includes Fresno .
Another Democrat in the race , business person Ricardo Franco , told CNN that their campaign has seen a relatively big increase in donations over the last week , with $ 3,000 coming in on Saturday . Campaign disclosures show they raised about $ 24,000 since announcing their bid last year .
`` Concerned Americans , many who do n't live in the district , have visited ( the campaign page ) to make campaign donations once the Nunes memo was released , '' Franco said in an email to CNN .
Janz , who said he 'll come to Washington to rid politics of dark money and focus on health care and clean water issues for their district , is leading the Democratic field in raising money .
But if they win the June primary , Janz could face difficult odds against Nunes in the November election . Nunes was easily reelected in 2016 , winning just more than 67 % of the vote .
Nunes ' campaign also ended the year with nearly $ 4 million cash on hand , according to Federal Election Commission filings .
Janz , the son of immigrant parents , said they also want comprehensive immigration legislation and for Dreamers not to be used as a bargaining chip in negotiations with Trump , who has pushed for border wall funding .
`` At the end of the day , I think that members of Congress need to sit down and get this done , '' Janz said . `` I think if they ca n't , we need new leadership and I 'm talking about new leadership on both sides . ''
They added , `` I think with this being a potential wave election , we 're going to be able to usher in a new generation of leadership in Washington , and I hope to be a part of that . ''
By Scott T. Sterling
Avenged Sevenfold have covered a Pink Floyd classic , “ Wish You Were Here . ”
Related : Avenged Sevenfold Announce 2018 Tour Dates
It 's the latest in a line of classic rock covers that the band has revealed will be included in a deluxe edition of its most recent studio album , The Stage . It 's set for release on Dec. 15 and is available for pre-order now .
“ This is the song that started us down the rabbit hole with our recent cover recordings , ” said frontman M. Shadows in a press release . “ I 've always loved this song and though I felt it would be impossible to capture the somberness of the original , we approached it with another purpose . There 's a poignancy to the song that seems appropriate with everything going on in the world today . We put a bit of a modern twist on it to reintroduce it at a time when it might help capture what some of us are feeling . ”
In addition to the album 's original 11 tracks , the deluxe version features A7X 's version of Mr. Bungle 's “ Retrovertigo , ” the original track “ Dose , ” a cover of Del Shannon 's 1961 No . 1 hit , “ Runaway ” ( featuring a guest appearance by Vandals ' guitarist Warren Fitzgerald and lead vocals by Avenged Sevenfold guitarist Zacky Vengeance ) , the band 's take on The Beach Boys ' “ God Only Knows ” and their rendition of the Rolling Stones ' “ As Tears Go By . ”
Check out the band 's take on “ Wish You Were Here ” below .
Investing in STEM skills crucial to SA 's development
The basic education sector in South Africa needs to increase the number of institutions that focus on critical subjects such as science , technology , engineering , mathematics ( STEM ) .
So says Richard Firth , CEO of MIP Holdings , adding that it is crucial for South Africa to change its education strategy from one where pupils get a diploma after grade 12 , to one where pupils get a job .
“ Improving STEM and computer subjects is essential , and we need to look at what can be done to fast-track growth in the economy . At the moment , there is no means of easily getting employment for matriculants because the needs of the real world and their skills are miles apart . ”
To change this , we simply must create a generation of workers that can enable a knowledge economy , Firth says . “ The 4th Industrial Revolution is leaving us no choice but to acknowledge and plan for the loss of unskilled jobs . Unfortunately , our education sector is n't doing enough to advance subjects that will enable learners to get jobs in the ICT sector . The declining pass rate in these subjects is n't helping matters either . ”
They add that universities and companies alike are introducing separate admission tests called NBTs ( National Bench Tests ) or evaluation methods to sift out youth fresh out of schools who have not got the relevant education . “ We accept new lower pass rates for youth which land up producing the wrong workforce for current business demand . When does reality set in ? ”
They say another issue is that STEM subjects are n't terribly popular and are viewed as difficult by students and teachers alike . “ They are also thought of as ‘ male ' subjects , another perception that needs to change . These perceptions perpetuate the cycle of poor performance and dismal pass rates in these subjects . We see the result of these perceptions in the low numbers of women entering the tech arena . ”
They add that it is widely known that people and skills are one of the most crucial factors in growing a country and its economy . “ And it has a follow-on effect . Today 's generation will pass skills onto , and boost the productivity , of future generations to come . Skills and education have a real impact on innovation , and growth and development are dependent on a supply of knowledgeable and skilled workers . ”
South Africa , they say , is lagging behind due to the poor delivery and adoption of STEM subjects , and what is needed to meet these educational challenges is collaboration between government , educational bodies and the private sector .
“ Investing in our youth is the way forward , and to do that , we need to invest in STEM skills . To do that , we need to deliver high quality education . Education that will see learners walking into jobs and building up our tech sector . This is what will guarantee that our youth will grow up to be valuable , contributing members of society , ” Firth says .
“ Why ca n't successful companies ' executives participate on disadvantaged school 's boards in exchange for BBBEE points ? This will force a level of business participation that will really bring business into the fold to grow our youth and improve education . Schools are all just businesses at the end of the day . It may just be time that we stop seeing executives or capitalists as the enemy but rather enablers of a new education ecosystem . So many of the current BBBEE levels for companies have nothing to do with addressing the single most important issue we have as a country : Youth unemployment or lack of the right skills for our youth to participate in the 4th Industrial Revolution . ”
There 's no doubt that innovation comes from STEM , and our learners today will be doing jobs we have n't even imagined yet , Firth adds . “ We need to remember that STEM is ever-changing , and will never stop growing . The umbrella under which STEM subjects fall keeps on getting bigger . Think about big data , the IOT , cloud and mobility . Not to mention artificial intelligence , and information security . All these were merely ideas not too many years ago , and now they are the hottest trends . ”
A A
The lawyer for a woman being retried in a 2013 car crash that seriously injured a Battle Ground teen says the prosecution ca n't prove beyond a reasonable doubt their client was driving under the influence of methamphetamine at the time .
Shaun C. Johnson 's new vehicular assault trial started Monday in Clark County Superior Court . But attorneys did n't get to opening statements until Tuesday morning following a lengthy jury selection process .
Johnson , 50 , of Amboy was previously convicted in the case and sentenced to three years in prison in spring 2015 . A jury found they were under the influence when they struck then-16-year-old Justin Carey as they waited for the school bus alongside Northeast 82nd Avenue in Battle Ground . Carey 's injuries later led to the amputation of their right leg .
However , a state appeals court in July overturned their convictions for vehicular assault and methamphetamine possession after finding that the Clark County sheriff 's deputy who found the drug in their purse had searched it illegally . The prosecution had used the methamphetamine as evidence in their first trial to prove they were under the influence .
The appeals court ruled that the drug evidence was erroneously allowed during Johnson 's trial .
On the morning of June 10 , 2013 , Carey — a student at Battle Ground High School at the time — was waiting at their school bus stop .
Johnson was driving south on Northeast 82nd Avenue shortly after 7 a.m. , and their 2006 Nissan Altima veered off the road near the intersection of 82nd and Northeast 289th Street and struck Carey . The impact flung them about 80 feet into bushes , and fractured both of their legs , Senior Deputy Prosecutor Kasey Vu said .
Johnson was treated for a broken arm . But first responders did n't know they had hit someone with their car . A tow truck driver found Carey about 90 minutes later lying in the bushes .
Them defense attorney , Shon Bogar , said the crash occurred after they leaned down to pick up a lit cigarette they dropped . They did n't know Carey was there .
A detective who interviewed Johnson at the hospital picked up on clues that they were under the influence and said their behavior did n't match what would be expected of someone on pain medication , Vu argued .
However , Bogar argued that the deputy who first responded to the crash did n't initiate a DUI investigation , and the crash did n't turn into a criminal case until after Carey was discovered . They also said that the detective who specializes in drug detection did not conclude that Johnson was under the influence of methamphetamine .
Vu said a sample of Johnson 's blood taken for testing was later found positive for methamphetamine .
PALMERSTON Council will shell out $ 30,000 to Cazaly 's Palmerston Club to host the 2018 NT PGA Championship in the municipality .
Director of community services Jan Peters recommended the move , which they said had wide-reaching benefits for the Palmerston community .
“ The NT PGA Championship is the NT 's first elite golf tournament , and it has been in Palmerston for the last two years , ” they said .
“ The City of Palmerston has supported them in both those years , by supplying them with $ 30,000 in sponsorship . ”
Ms Peters said the week-long event was held in August , and it was important the club had financial approval now , so they could push ahead with event planning .
“ The sporting event provides a wide range of benefits to the community — such as community engagement , and the development of golf as a recreational activity and economic benefits , ” they said .
In a letter to Ms Peters , Cazaly 's Palmerston Club general manager Matthew Hewer said the 2017 NT PGA Championship returned about $ 1.5 million for the week into the NT economy through accommodation , food and beverage , ancillary hire and travel expenses and tournament operations .
“ Local suppliers also benefited from the tournament with a total spend of $ 175,849.77 to produce the event , ” they said .
“ The NT PGA Championship remains on trend to meet its long-term vision of being a significant golfing spectacle for the NT , one which continues to attract broad media interest and tourism attendance . ”
Mr Hewer wanted Palmerston Council to commit to $ 30,000 each year for the next four years , so the club could lock in the event on its annual calender .
Despite this request , official manager Mark Blackburn approved just one year of funding — which would allow the incoming council to make any ongoing financial commitment .
Mr Blackburn referred request for four-year funding to the 2018-19 council budget .
Mr Blackburn said there was competition between Territory golf clubs to host the NT PGA , and the event was profitable for the City of Palmerston .
KNOXVILLE ( WATE ) – As many in East Tennessee wonder what will happen to health care coverage , a local group is working to make sure those who need medical care can get it .
The KAPPA Foundation is sponsoring a multicultural health fair on Saturday , June 17 , from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. at Vine Middle School . All information and screenings are free , conducted by licensed clinicians and providers .
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
DUBAI , April 23 The Saudi stock index jumped in early trade on Sunday on overnight news that King Salman had issued a royal decree restoring financial allowances for Saudi civil servants and military personnel .
The allowances were reduced last September as part of austerity measures due to low oil prices . Officials said on Saturday that the cuts had been cancelled because of better-than-expected budgetary performance in the first quarter of 2017 .
Advancing shares outnumbered declining ones 152 to 6 , taking Riyadh 's index 1.4 percent higher after 25 minutes of trade , with domestically focused shares in the lead .
Electronics and stationery retailer Jarir surged 7.9 percent on hopes consumer spending will help boost the company 's earnings .
Shares of the largest dairy producer in the Gulf Almarai jumped 2.8 percent after reporting a first quarter net profit of 328.3 million riyals ( $ 87.55 million ) , up 13.7 percent from a year earlier . Four analysts polled by Reuters forecast a net profit of 337.4 million riyals .
Almarai attributed its improved results to better cost management , lower commodity costs and lower general expenses and said it will continue `` to focus on costs control , efficiency gains and cash-flow preservation '' .
Sunday was the first day the Saudi stock exchange will settle trades within two business days of execution , a practice called T+2 , rather than the previous same day settlement .
Other markets in the region were quiet , with Kuwait 's index up 0.6 percent and Qatar 's index up 0.1 percent .
All bourses in the United Arab Emirates are closed for a public holiday .
( $ 1 = 3.7498 riyals ) ( Reporting by Celine Aswad ; editing by Andrew Torchia and Jason Neely )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The White House is visibly under renovation during President Donald Trump 's one-day return to Washington .
Trump 's Monday in the nation 's capital is a bit of a break from a break . He 's been on a 17-day working vacation , mostly at their golf club in Bedminster , New Jersey . They also are planning to spend time in New York City .
With the Oval Office and other parts of the historic building undergoing upgrades , Trump will work mostly in the Treaty Room . That 's in the residential area of the White House , which is not under construction .
Upgrades include replacing a 27-year-old heating and cooling system . The Oval Office , the president 's usual work space , has been emptied out , exposing ornate wood floors .
Recent news :
Carnegie-Brown starts as Lloyds chairperson
Catrin Shi 15 June 2017
Bruce Carnegie-Brown formally took up the role of Lloyd 's chairperson today , following the retirement of John Nelson .
This publication revealed in February that the Moneysupermarket Group chairperson had been nominated to the Lloyd 's Council to become the next chairperson . Lloyd 's confirmed the appointment later the same week .
In a statement today , Carnegie-Brown said : `` In the months since my appointment was announced , I have been meeting with people in the market to hear from them about the challenges they face and ...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article , then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) - The United Nations Security Council cancelled a meeting on human rights violations in Syria on Monday after Russian Deputy Permanent Representative to the United Nations Gennady Kuzmin called for a procedural vote on the briefing 's agenda .
“ This really confirms the politicized nature of this initiative , that has nothing to do with concerns for Syrians itself , '' Kuzmin said of the effort to hold the briefing . `` We believe there is a need to cancel this briefing , and we are going to ask the distinguished president to put this situation to a procedural vote . ''
The provisional agenda — which would have involved a briefing by the UN human rights chief — was put to a vote . Eight countries supported the initiative , but four others , including Russia and China , blocked it . Three council members abstained from voting .
© REUTERS/ Bassam Khabieh UNHRC Resolution on Syria Has Nothing to Do With Human Rights Concerns - Moscow
The council 's rules required nine `` yes '' votes for the provisional agenda 's adoption .
Monday 's meeting began with Kuzmin asking Security Council member states what specifically would be discussed and who was behind the initiative .
French Ambassador to UN Francois Delattre responded that France and seven other members of the Security Council requested the meeting for `` methodological reasons and reasons of substance . '' Delattre urged the international body to consider the matter of the humanitarian crisis in Syria and to not dissociate this issue from efforts to reach a political solution to the conflict .
Kuzmin argued there was no justification for the meeting , because the subject of human rights is not on on the agenda of the UN Security Council as the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva deals with these kinds of issues . They said Russia was opposed to holding the briefing in the format it has been proposed .
US Representative to the UN Kelley Currie said the United Stated would vote in favor of proceeding with the meeting as planned . They argued that Russia 's `` efforts to obstruct the work of the council… are appalling . ''
China 's representative noted that the key role of the Security Council is to maintain peace and security , not to consider human rights matters .
Syria 's Ambassador to the United Nations Bashar Jaafari later told reporters that the failed vote to hold the UN Security Council meeting shows an attempt by some influential members to manipulate the council 's rules .
Jaafari said the vote was very important because those who `` confiscated '' the council to defend their own interests had failed .
Meetings on human rights issues are not the mandate of the Security Council , but there is a council on human rights in Geneva , they added .
© Sputnik/ Mikhail Voskresenskiy US Rights Group : Millions in Aid Money for Syrian Children Fails to Reach Target
The international community is deeply divided over the conflict in Syria , with many countries including the United States and Russia involved in the conflict .
Russia has deployed forces to the country at the request of Syrian President Bashar Assad , who sought Moscow 's help battling terrorist groups including the Islamic State ( IS or Daesh ) * .
The United States leads a coalition of states that is also battling the IS terrorist group , but its presence has not been approved by the Syrian government or the UN Security Council .
Terrorist organization , banned in Russia .
As India maintains its double-digit annual growth in the outbound MICE and luxury travel segment , travel and tourism businesses around the world are looking to capitalize on the country 's growth potential by exploring business opportunities and partnerships with leading Indian corporates and luxury travel specialists at the 6th annual MICE India and Luxury Travel ( MILT ) Congress , the premier B2B event that caters to both the business travel and luxury tourism sectors in India .
Organized by Dubai-based QnA International , the MILT Congress will be held this year in two iconic Indian cities – in Mumbai , the country 's commercial capital , from July 25-26 , and in national capital Delhi from July 31-August 01 .
By 2030 , the value of India 's business travel market is expected to reach USD 93 billion [ 1 ] and , as global travel and tourism suppliers eyeing a slice of this lucrative market keep searching for new opportunities to tap into , they are once again turning their attention to the annual MILT Congress , which has become a must-attend event for anyone interested in capitalizing on India 's outbound MICE and luxury travel buyers ' needs .
Noting that Indian corporates remain largely unaffected by the global slowdown and continue to spend big on corporate travel , Hassan Madah , Director , Israel Ministry of Tourism – India & Philippines , said , “ Indians are now travelling abroad throughout the year for business . We had a total of around 60,000 Indian tourists visiting Israel in 2017 . Platforms like the MICE India & Luxury Travel Congress are crucial as it offers an opportunity to connect and network with travel decision-makers at leading Indian corporates . We see a lot of growth in the outbound MICE segment from India in the coming years . ”
Stephanie Tanpure , Vice President of Sales , Sands China Ltd. , commented , “ As Asia 's leading integrated resort for business and leisure , Sands Resorts Macao is delighted to be the Platinum Partner of MICE India & Luxury Travel Congress . With over 85 % market share of overnight Indian guests coming to Macao , India is one of our most important markets , and this key event provides the opportunity to connect with existing and potential clients looking for the ultimate meeting experience . The key to sustained growth is diversification , and since opening The Venetian Macao in 2007 we have increased our hotel offering , which now includes The Parisian Macao ; Four Seasons Hotel Macao , Cotai Strip ; The St. Regis Macao , Cotai Central ; Conrad Macao , Cotai Central ; Sheraton Grand Macao Hotel , Cotai Central ; and Holiday Inn Macao Cotai Central . In this way , we are able to appeal to both the luxury and family markets . ”
Speaking about how Sydney is emerging as a popular destination for business travelers from India , Liza Bajracharya , Assistant Director of South East Asia , India & Japan , Business Events Sydney ( BESydney ) , said , “ Sydney is a drawcard destination for Indian companies looking to reward , motivate and inspire their teams . We have seen significant growth from the Indian market in terms of both number of events and number of participants recently . Overseas arrivals from India have tripled in a decade and our popularity with Indian incentive trips reflects this continued rise in interest in the Harbour City . ”
India 's emergence as the world 's fastest growing outbound travel market after China has coincided with the steadily rising reputation of the GCC , and particularly the city of Dubai , as an attractive MICE destination . By far the most popular location in the Middle East for trade shows and exhibitions , Dubai accounts for more than a quarter of the GCC 's USD 1.27 billion ( AED 4.7 billion ) MICE market . The city is India 's top outbound MICE market , ranking ahead of Singapore and Bangkok .
The UAE 's capital city Abu Dhabi , too , is making significant strides in attracting MICE tourists . The Emirate is targeting 3 million business visitors by 2021 , by which year it also expects the MICE industry to account for 4 % of its GDP . Not surprisingly , India is among the largest source markets for MICE tourism in both Dubai and Abu Dhabi , and the travel and hospitality companies in both the Emirates are looking to further expand their reach in the Indian market by taking advantage of the unique networking opportunities provided by MILT Congress 2018 with its high-profile buyer lineup .
India has recently moved up two places to become the eighth largest business travel market in the world , and business travel spending in the country is projected to record a compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of 12 % through 2020 . The United Nations World Tourism Organisation ( UNWTO ) , meanwhile , has forecasted that India will account for 50 million outbound tourists by 2020. Business and luxury travel is expected to make up a significant share of the total volume of outbound travel , with one report indicating the country is on track to generating 6.5 million outbound luxury and MICE tourists annually by 2020 .
Sidh N.C. , Director , QnA International , said , “ India has been maintaining an annual GDP growth rate of 6-8 percent since 2013 , and this strong economic momentum is rubbing off on the country 's outbound MICE and luxury travel sector , enabling these segments to post a double digit year-on-year growth . Additionally , the rise of incentive travel , which has emerged as one of the fastest growing segments within India 's outbound business travel market , is opening a new dimension of opportunities for travel and hospitality suppliers around the world . ”
“ The MILT Congress is the only event that allows travel and tourism businesses in Asia , Europe , the Middle East and elsewhere to meet and engage one-on-one with decision-makers from India 's leading corporations and luxury travel specialists who are involved in finalizing MICE and luxury travel activities , ” they added .
May 2 SM Energy Co
* SM energy reports first quarter of 2017 results - higher production , lower capital versus plan , production guidance raised
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $ 0.18
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $ 0.67
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.35 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* SM Energy Co - Full year production guidance increased by 1.5 mmboe to 41.5-44.5 mmboe
* SM Energy Co - Full year total capital spend ( excluding acquisitions ) guidance of $ 875 million unchanged
* SM Energy -During quarter , as part of regularly scheduled redetermination process , lenders on credit facility set borrowing base and commitments at $ 925 million
* SM Energy Co - Company is conducting a sales process for its divide county , north dakota assets
* SM Energy -Lenders agreed to certain modifications to credit agreement , including permission to hedge up to 85 % of projected production volumes for 36 months
* SM Energy Co - Q1 production of 12.1 mmboe exceeded guidance of 11.0-11.4 mmboe
* Qtrly total company production 12.1 mmboe versus 13.4 mmboe in Q4 2016
* SM Energy - Extended bid date , data room access due to new entrants to process but continues to assume mid-year close date for planning purposes for assets
* SM Energy- Sees Q2 production to range between 10.3 and 10.7 mmboe ( or 113-118 , mboe/d ) , which will vary depending upon ultimate timing of capital activity
* SM Energy Co - Qtrly total company production was down 10 % compared with both q4 of 2016 and q1 of 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
THE video for Troye Sivan 's new single My My My ! comes with a warning for epileptics that it may trigger seizures .
More unspoken is the major effect it had on Sivan himself .
When the Perth-based , world-seducing pop star wrote the song last June they already had the visuals mapped out in their head .
The 22-year-old flashed back a decade to themselves as a young boy dancing freely to Madonna behind their bedroom door .
It was the same boy who 'd self-censor any potential effeminate walking and talking for fear anyone realising they were gay .
Sivan came out five years ago on a YouTube video , and their 2015 debut album Blue Neighbourhood ( Top 10 in Australia and the US ) was filled with lyrical and visual references to their sexuality .
Camera Icon Troye Sivan has given fan a taste of two extreme of their new album . Pic : EMI Picture : Supplied
They knew the My My ! video would be one where he 'd fully commit to being liberated and dancing like no one was watching even though the world was .
The video , directed by Grant Singer , features their best supermodel moves and a proud but not explicit gay subtext .
“ I did n't want to put anything super gnarly in there , I did n't want to have anyone making out or actual sex scenes , ” Sivan says .
“ The thing that was most important for me was that it was communicating a young gay person enjoying themselves . Letting them be exactly how they want to be . I hoped that in its own right would be something that would push things along .
“ I want to make people feel as comfortable as they possibly can be within themselves . That 's been a process for me . The more that I can do it for myself and share that with the world , the better . ”
Singer Darren Hayes , who did n't come out until after their former band Savage Garden had split , Tweeted their admiration for Sivan stating “ The freedom they must feel , to be himself . I ca n't imagine having that 20 years ago . So proud of how far we 've come . ”
Sivan admits the support he 's received after the video — and their Saturday Night Live performance — have been “ incredible . ”
“ The reason I do all of this in the first place is to try and connect with people and hope they enjoy what I 'm doing and it feels like that 's happened . ”
My My My ! is already No . 14 in Australia , and debuted in the Top 40 in the US and UK . The video has had 15 million views and 26 million streams on Spotify after just three weeks of release .
“ I tracked it for the first few days , more on YouTube than iTunes , ” Sivan says . “ I 'll read comments or search ‘ Troye My My My ' on Twitter and read how people are feeling about it then I let it do it 's thing . Reading comments can be dangerous . You have to know not everything is going to like everything all the time and you have to be OK with that . That does n't mean it does n't suck when you read something bad . I could n't have been happier with the reaction to both songs , it felt really really good . ”
The loved-up song is about model boyfriend Jacob Bixenman .
“ He 's a big fan of pop music as well , ” Sivan says . “ It was probably my biggest pop chorus I 'd written at that point . It 's always super-fun to crank it in the car and listen to a new demo , it was a good time . ”
Camera Icon Troye Sivan wants to be a role model for self expression . Pic : Getty Images Picture : Getty Images
Sivan deliberately followed the romantic and electronic highs of My My My ! with stripped-back break up song The Good Side a week later , written about a previous partner .
“ The album has a couple of sonic textures to it . I wanted to communicate both of those sides of the album right off the bat . There are a lot of love songs on this album , that 's the most common theme , but there 's other stuff in there . These two songs demonstrate two different perspectives straight away so people know what to expect .
“ I had such a good time writing this album . I knew a lot more about what I wanted to achieve and more importantly how to get there this time . The album came to fruition a lot easier than the last one , which was a big relief , and it was also a lot more fun . I felt confident enough to try a bunch of different things , The Good Side being one of them , I just loved how it turned out . ”
Plans for a video for The Good Side were put on hold when Sivan landed Saturday Night Live , but a clip may eventuate .
“ I hope so . I want to make sure I 'm super proud of all the visuals I put out for this album . I do n't want to rush anything . We found out we got SNL and it put a real spanner in the works as far as my timelines but I just dropped everything . That 's been a dream of mine pretty much as long as I can remember . I knew it was such an important show for musicians .
“ I 've been spending a lot of time in America over the last few years and I 've understood the cultural weight of the show , especially in times like these . It was the greatest honour . I was more than happy to put everything on the back burner , but now I 'm ready to pick all that back up . ”
Sivan is one of the few Australian musicians who have performed on the show ; but they have yet to watch their performance back .
“ I have a really great memory of the experience . It 's forever burnt into my mind . I do n't want to change that if I watch it back and see or hear something I do n't like I do n't want to taint the beautiful memory I 've got in my head right now . ”
While their film CV includes X-Men Origins : Wolverine ( in which they played a young Hugh Jackman/Wolverine ) , Sivan is returning to the films twice this year .
Their song Strawberries and Cigarettes will feature in the soundtrack to Love , Simon . The song was written with Jack Antonoff ( Bleachers ) and Alex Hope and was originally planned for Blue Neighbourhood .
Camera Icon Troye Sivan and Halsey at a Spotify event last November . Pic : Getty Images Picture : Supplied
“ It did n't sit well with the rest of that album , Jack messaged me a few months ago and the movie sounds incredible . I completely trust them and I 'm happy the song finally found a home . ”
Sivan will also act alongside Nicole Kidman and Russell Crowe in Boy Erased , directed by Joel Edgerton and based on the book about teenagers forced into gay conversion therapy .
“ It was a heavy shoot , ” Sivan says . “ The subject matter was pretty intense , obviously . ”
They play Gary , one of the boys in the camp — the movie was shot outside Atlanta .
“ I was going to the camp every day for 14 hours a day , for a month . I 'd hear this rhetoric of intolerance and seeing such talented actors bring them to life really made it feel very real . It weighed on me after a while , I was happy to get out of there at the end , but I think it 's going to be a very special and important movie . ”
My My My ! and The Good Side ( EMI ) out now
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Foxhill is quiet and many residents have their curtains drawn after a man was murdered on the estate on Sunday .
Some concerned residents said they were too scared to speak to the Chronicle following the death of the 27-year-old .
One resident , who wishes to remain anonymous , said they heard a helicopter flying over the area at around 5pm
( Image : Paul Gilllis )
Police were called to Sedgemoor Road at about 4.30pm last night ( Sunday , August 13 ) .
Avon and Somerset police said : “ A man was assaulted and their death was confirmed at the scene .
“ Another man , who was also assaulted , has injuries which are not reported to be life threatening or life changing . ”
Today the police confirmed they have launched a murder investigation and three people have been arrested in connection with the incident .
( Image : Paul Gillis )
But one man , who lives in the block of flats next to the crime scene , said that it has been quiet since the fatal attack .
There is a heavy police presence in the area , with crime scene investigators arriving to search bushes and nearby rubbish bins .
Some PCSO officers have also been brought in from Gloucestershire and stand guarding the crime scene .
For updates on the incident , follow our Live Blog .
`` It 's all about taking the air out of the ball , '' Landry said .
Coach Adam Gase beat New England for the first time in four tries . Their team snapped the Patriots ' 14-game road winning streak , second-best ever behind San Francisco 's 18 in a row from 1988-90 .
Gase threw a lot of wrinkles at the Patriots early , with tight end MarQueis Gray and receivers Landry and Jakeem Grant taking turns lining up in the backfield .
`` We used a lot of guys , '' Cutler said . `` We were mixing it up . Adam was dialing it up well . ''
Cutler spun out of the grasp of blitzing safety Jordan Richards to throw a completion that kept Miami 's first touchdown drive going .
The 5-foot-7 Grant made a leaping catch against Malcolm Butler for their first career touchdown reception , a 25-yarder .
Meanwhile , the Patriots sputtered without tight end Rob Gronkowski , who served a one-game suspension for a late hit to the head of an opponent .
`` We got beat in all three areas of the game , '' coach Bill Belichick said .
BALL HAWK
Brady underthrew an open Brandin Cooks deep , and Howard closed for the interception and a 29-yard return to set up a touchdown . Howard also had two interceptions a week ago against Denver .
Brady came into the game with only four interceptions all season .
SLOW START
The temperature was 55 degrees at kickoff — frosty by Miami standards — and the Patriots were sluggish from the outset . They were outgained 123 yards to 2 in the first quarter , when Brady went 0 for 4 with an interception .
ANTHEM
The Dolphins ' Kenny Stills , Michael Thomas and Julius Thomas knelt in protest during the national anthem , as they 've done for most of the season . Stills was nominated by their teammates last week for the NFL 's Walter Payton Man of the Year Award .
INJURIES
Patriots DT Alan Branch left the game with a knee injury . Starting S Patrick Chung limped off in the final minute .
UP NEXT
The Patriots visit AFC North champion Pittsburgh on Sunday in a possible playoff preview .
The Dolphins play the Bills in two of their final three games , including Sunday at Buffalo .
___
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Steven Wine , The Associated Press
THE teams for Round 3 of the NRL will drop at 4pm .
Scroll down to join our live blog with SuperCoach experts Tom Sangster and Tim Williams .
Here 's how we see teams day unfolding :
WINNERS
Tevita Pangai Junior - By far the most popular buy of the week , more than doubling the next player following two brilliant displays at starting prop for the Broncos . Has averaged 64 over the opening rounds and is set for a $ 50,000 price rise .
Jeremy Marshall-King - The brother of Benji Marshall is reportedly set to start at five-eighth for the Bulldogs with Matt Frawley dropped .
Ligi Sao - Has emerged as a serious cheapie following the injury to teammate Isaiah Papalii , which essentially ensures Sao a starting spot even when Simon Mannering ( shoulder , round four ) returns .
Phillip Sami - Ownership will skyrocket from just 14 per cent following two strong displays for the Titans . Set for a $ 60,000 rise .
Shaun Johnson - The Warriors have started the season with two wins and with Johnson on fire . Mitchell Moses to Johnson is currently the most popular trade of the week .
EARLY MAIL : Predicted team changes
Camera Icon NRL Team Talk Round 3 , 2018 . Picture : The Daily Telegraph
LOSERS
BJ Leilua - Expected to be ruled out with an ankle injury .
Daniel Tupou - Ruled out for 10-12 weeks with a pectoral injury .
Leilani Latu - Sits on the most sold list for a second week in a row and their minutes will only decrease with Jarrod Wallace ( suspension ) back this week .
Paul Gallen - Set for a $ 54,600 price drop and therefore the second most sold player in SuperCoach behind Moses .
An Oklahoma City man was arrested after trying to hook up with an undercover officer posing as a 14-year-old girl on social media . Investigators say the suspect even bought an Uber to bring the “ underage girl ” to him .
Cleveland County sheriff 's deputies arrested 21-year-old Taylor Kilgore just before midnight on Friday .
According to the report , Kilgore first engaged with the undercover deputy on social media on March 14 . Investigators say Kilgore told the girl they wanted to hook up for sex and sent multiple lewd photographs of their genitals .
They then arranged to have an Uber pick up the girl and bring them to their grandparents ' home in southwest Oklahoma City , where they were staying . They even told the girl to lie about their age if their grandparents saw her , investigators say .
“ Kilgore was well aware that what they were doing was illegal , but their sick sexual fantasy to have sex with a little girl pushed them to having an UBER driver deliver them to him , ” said Chris West , Canadian County Sheriff .
Investigators intercepted the Uber vehicle at the pickup point and enlisted the driver to transport an undercover female deputy to Kilgore 's house . Kilgore was first confronted at the house and , according to investigators , admitted they thought they were talking to an underage girl and wanted to meet up for sex .
“ You think you 've seen it all , and then a child predator uses an Uber car to help facilitate their diabolical plan to rape a little girl , ” said West .
Kilgore was arrested and booked into the Canadian County Jail on a complaint of facilitating sexual conduct with a minor by use of technology . Bond was set at $ 50,000 and they remain behind bars .
LAWRENCE , Kan. ( AP ) – Kansas first-year student Josh Jackson has announced they will enter the NBA draft .
Jackson , who released a statement on Monday , was the Big 12 Newcomer of the Year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds per game . They helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and a berth in the NCAA Tournament 's Elite Eight .
The 6-foot-8 Jackson has signed with former NBA player B.J . Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group .
Jackson arrived at Kansas after a stellar prep career in Detroit and Napa , California . They say in the statement that after “ consulting with my family , I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA Draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball . ”
They added that they were thankful for “ all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas . ”
LONDON Shareholders at British builder Bovis ( BVS.L ) overwhelmingly backed a pay deal for the firm 's new boss who is charged with turning around the ailing firm which was subject to two failed takeover bids after it issued a profit warning .
Chief Executive Greg Fitzgerald 's remuneration package includes a 650,000 pound salary , plus a performance-linked additional portion of their salary over the next few years and a bonus of up to 100 percent in shares .
Fitzgerald 's total remuneration at the FTSE 250 company , which is likely to be much less than many of their peers , was backed by over 97 percent of shareholder votes at an annual general meeting on Tuesday , the firm said .
Executive pay has become an increasingly hot topic in Britain over recent years with many Britons angry at excessive payouts but investors have had little public success in cutting remuneration deals .
Last week , however , WPP ( WPP.L ) , the world 's largest advertising agency , said it will reduce the amount it pays its boss Martin Sorrell to no more than 19 million pounds after an investor backlash sparked by previous record payouts .
Earlier Bovis said it would take a 2.8 million-pound hit due to a review conducted in February after it failed to build enough homes under Fitzgerald 's predecessor and from failed takeover talks with rivals Redrow ( RDW.L ) and Galliford Try ( GFRD.L ) .
( Reporting by Costas Pitas ; editing by Kate Holton )
April 28 U.S. Food and Drug Administration :
* FDA approves new combination treatment for acute myeloid leukemia
* Says granted approval of Rydapt to Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation
* Approved Rydapt for treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia with genetic mutation FLT3 , in combination with chemotherapy
* Rydapt was also approved for adults with certain types of rare blood disorders
* Rydapt is approved for use with a companion diagnostic , LeukoStrat CDx FLT3 mutation assay
* Granted approval of LeukoStrat CDx FLT3 mutation assay to Invivoscribe Technologies Inc Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Tighter checks for passengers will be implemented from October 9 , airport operator Hermes said on Friday .
In a written statement , the company said that due to European regulation 458/2017 a new procedure will be introduced .
“ This directive has already been applied in many countries of the European Union since last April . It should be noted , however , that Cyprus was among the countries that had extended the obligation to implement this directive until the beginning of October , ” the statement reads .
According to Hermes , It is expected that the implementation of the tighter checks will increase the required times for passport control . The company is currently consulting with police and other stakeholders about the possibility of increasing the number of staff and using technological support to keep waiting times to a minimum .
The company asked travellers to be understanding and to cooperate , adding that “ during the summer peak , we advise departing passengers to be at the airport at least two hours before leaving their flight and have their travel documents ready . ”
Directive 458/2017 reinforces checks against relevant databases for stolen , misappropriated , lost and invalidated travel documents at external borders to ensure that people do not hide their real identity .
PYONGYANG ( Sputnik ) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov met their North Korean counterpart Ri Yong Ho for talks on Thursday as part of the Russian diplomat 's visit to the reclusive Communist state , a Sputnik correspondent said .
The ministers are expected to discuss bilateral relations , as well as Korean reconciliation and nuclear issues , ahead of US President Donald Trump 's anticipated June summit with the North 's Kim Jong-un in Singapore .
The Sputnik reporter said only a handful of photo correspondents and TV crews were allowed to cover the start of the negotiations . The two diplomats began by shaking hands with each other and having a hearty exchange .
© AFP 2018 / Lee Jin-man North Korean Foreign Minister Goes to Beijing , Will Visit Azerbaijan , Russia
The North Korean foreign minister congratulated Lavrov on the recent formation of a new government in Russia following the March presidential election , and wished good luck ahead of next month 's FIFA World Cup , which Russia will host through July 15 .
Earlier , Sergey Lavrov placed flowers on Thursday at a memorial to North Korea 's leaders Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il during their trip to the communist state . The ceremony on Mansu Hill was also attended by Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov and Ambassador Alexander Matsegora .
Lavrov landed in Pyongyang early in the morning for talks with their North Korean counterpart , more than a month after their meeting in Moscow .
A group of Paphos youngsters are suspected of killing a seven-month old puppy which was reported missing to the government veterinary services a few days ago . They were found at the weekend , dead under a tree with a chain around their neck , next to a small village park .
Distraught owner Becky Chabah was informed by a witness that they had seen a group of four children aged around 8 to 10 years , three boys and a girl , put the chain around the dog 's neck after taking them into a small children 's park and play area in Chlorakas , and pull and drag them backwards and forwards between them on the chain until they die .
“ This is horrific , where does this sort of behaviour and violence come from ? The children need to understand what they did was so wrong and horrendous and the pain they have caused our dog and all of us , ” Chabah told the Cyprus Mail .
The worried family had been frantically searching for the much-loved missing puppy for a few days after they wandered from their house one evening and had offered a €1,000 reward for their safe return . They had also posted pleas for their return or for information of sightings of them all over social media , put up photos of the dog in kiosks , supermarkets and the local school .
Chabah 's four children have been left distraught and inconsolable , and their eight-year old daughter insists on sleeping with the dog 's blanket and toys , they said .
“ Fluffy was such a huge part of our lives , they were a member of our family and a friendly and happy little dog . I 'm sure they thought these children were just playing with him . ”
Fluffy lived in a quiet area and was often seen strolling to the nearby park and back home again on their own . They were microchipped and had been lying dead in the park , which is only 200m or so from their home , for five days before a witness came forward and the family were able to collect him .
The eyewitness to the entire event that said they were ‘ too afraid and intimidated ' by the children to stop them and did not call the police at the time , however they are currently cooperating with the authorities to identify the four . Police have said that there is not much they can do to punish the perpetrators as they are so young .
A Paphos police spokesperson confirmed that in such instances where suspects are young children , no serious action can be taken .
“ They are too young for criminal responsibility , but they may be issued with a warning , along with their parents , and the social services are informed so that they can offer support and advice and consult with the parents on how to better look after the child , ” they said .
Chabah has also filed a report with the government vet and the Cyprus Animal Party .
Head of the party Kyriacos Kyriacou said that more needs to be done by the state to educate students and parents and a new era in animal welfare needs to be encouraged .
“ Education is the first thing and it all starts with the parents and then the teachers . Children are sensitive and need to be encouraged to be compassionate and made aware of the pain they cause an animal when they torture it . They need to be taught about animals , nature and the environment and how important it all is , ” they said . They also said that violent children can grow up to be violent adults .
Chabah said they are very worried about the violence displayed towards Fluffy and that everything possible must be done to prevent anything similar happening in the future .
“ I am concerned that the police wo n't take this seriously , but what will these children be like in ten years , what have they been taught ? Something must be done to stop this behaviour before another animal or possibly a person is hurt , ” they said .
British police are now investigating six claims of alleged sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey .
FILE - In this file photo dated Tuesday , June 21 , 2016 , actor Kevin Spacey waves as they arrive to attend the Giorgio Armani men 's Spring-Summer 2016-2017 fashion show in Milan , Italy . . ( AP Photo/Luca Bruno , FILE )
British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey , three more than previously disclosed .
British media reported earlier this year that London 's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former “ House of Cards ” star .
Police in Britain do n't name suspects until they are charged . Asked about Spacey , the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London 's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013 .
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made .
Spacey was artistic director of London 's Old Vic theatre for 11 years until 2015 .
Related : London theatre received allegations against Kevin Spacey
Related : ‘ House of Cards ' to resume minus star Kevin Spacey
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Britain 's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon is seen speaking on the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show in this photograph received via the BBC in London , Britain April 2 , 2017 . Jeff Overs/BBC/Handout via REUTERS
A general view of the British overseas territory of Gibraltar ( bottom ) , the Spanish city of La Linea de la Concepcion ( R ) and Algeciras Bay are pictured from the Rock , a monolithic limestone promontory , in Gibraltar , south of Spain August 16 , 2013 . REUTERS/Jon Nazca/File Photo
A tourist takes a picture of monkey at a cable car on the top of the Rock in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar , historically claimed by Spain April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jon Nazca
Soldiers walk during a change of guard outside the Convent building in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar , historically claimed by Spain , March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jon Nazca
British tourists listen to a guide ( R ) as they stand at a terrace on the top of the Rock in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar , historically claimed by Spain , March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jon Nazca
Tourists stand at a terrace on the top of the Rock in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar , historically claimed by Spain , March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jon Nazca
People enter the British territory of Gibraltar , historically claimed by Spain , at its border with Spain , in La Linea de la Concepcion , Spain March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jon Nazca
A tourist is reflected in a crystal wall of a souvenir shop at a terrace on the top of the Rock in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar , historically claimed by Spain April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jon Nazca
Mannequins displaying for sale the Barcelona soccer jersey ( C ) and the Gibraltarian soccer jersey ( R ) are seen outside a shop at Main street in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar , historically claimed by Spain April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jon Nazca
A British Airways aircraft takes off from Gibraltar International Airport in front of the Rock of the British overseas territory of Gibraltar , historically claimed by Spain , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jon Nazca
LONDON Britain is `` steadfast '' in its commitment to Gibraltar and will work with the territory on the southern tip of Spain to secure the best possible outcome from Brexit talks , Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday .
The European Union proposed on Friday offering Spain a right of veto over Gibraltar 's future trade relations with the bloc . That would give Madrid sway over the fate of the enclave once Britain has left the bloc and the status of its overseas territory is no longer an internal EU matter .
Spain ceded Gibraltar to Britain in 1713 , but has long called for it to be returned .
A former leader of May 's Conservative party , Michael Howard , said they would even be prepared to go to war to defend the territory , as then prime minister Margaret Thatcher did with Argentina over the Falkland Islands 35 years ago .
Downing Street said May reiterated that Britain `` remains steadfastly committed '' to its support for Gibraltar , its people and its economy , in a call with the territory 's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo .
`` The Prime Minister said we will never enter into arrangements under which the people of Gibraltar would pass under the sovereignty of another state against their freely and democratically expressed wishes , nor will we ever enter into a process of sovereignty negotiations with which Gibraltar is not content , '' a spokesperson said .
`` The Prime Minister said we remain absolutely dedicated to working with Gibraltar for the best possible outcome on Brexit , and will continue to involve them fully in the process . ''
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said earlier that Gibraltar `` is going to be protected all the way . `` The people of Gibraltar have made it clear that they do n't want to live under the sovereignty of Spain , '' they said on the BBC 's Andrew Marr show .
Voters in Gibraltar , a strategically important rocky outpost at the entrance to the Mediterranean Sea , rejected the idea of Britain sharing sovereignty with Spain by 99 percent to 1 percent in 2002 , but overwhelmingly backed remaining in the EU in June 's Brexit referendum .
Howard invoked the 1982 Falklands war over the south Atlantic islands , another British overseas territory .
`` Thirty-five years ago this week another woman Prime Minister sent a task force halfway across the world to defend the freedom of another small group of British people against another Spanish speaking country , '' they said on Sky TV 's Sophie Ridge on Sunday . `` I 'm absolutely certain that our current prime minister will show the same resolve in standing by the people of Gibraltar . ''
The opposition Labour party said such `` inflammatory '' comments would not help Britain get what it needed from the Brexit negotiations . `` Sadly it 's typical of the botched Tory approach which threatens a bad deal for Britain , '' the party 's foreign affairs spokesperson Emily Thornberry said .
Spain 's foreign minister Alfonso Dastis refused to talk about veto rights when it comes to Gibraltar in an interview on Sunday , but said they viewed the EU 's stance very positively .
`` When the United Kingdom leaves the EU , the EU partner is Spain , and in the case of Gibraltar the EU is therefore obliged to take the side of Spain , '' they told El Pais . [ nL8N1HA0AF ] `` I do not think it 's necessary to talk about vetoes '' .
( Editing by Mark Potter and David Stamp )
March 28 Cara Therapeutics Inc
* Cara Therapeutics announces positive top-line data from part A of phase 2/3 trial of I.V . CR845 in chronic kidney disease-associated pruritus
* Trial met primary endpoint with 68 % reduction in worst itching scores versus placebo after eight-week treatment period ( P < 0.0019 )
* Trial met secondary endpoint in quality of life domains versus placebo after eight-week treatment period
* I.V . CR845 well tolerated after eight weeks of treatment
* Plans to meet with U.S. FDA for end-of-phase 2 meeting to review results to determine optimal dose to take into part B of Phase 2/3 study Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
By Ken Bell
kbell @ abc6.com
The Patriots are ready for their date with destiny on Super Bowl Sunday . ABC6 Sports Director Nick Coit is joined by reporters Ian Steele and Kainani Stevens show us how the Pats are getting ready for their 8th Super Bowl under Bill Brady and Bill Belichick .
New Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Jon Bostic spoke to the media for the first time since signing their two-year contract with the Steelers . The Steelers signed the free-agent linebacker in an attempt to bolster the defense after the loss of Ryan Shazier .
Jon Bostic talks about what their role might be next season and why they signed in Pittsburgh . pic.twitter.com/qC1twbWN4s — Pittsburgh Steelers ( @ steelers ) March 19 , 2018
Bostic really came into their own as a player in 2017 . They started the first 14 games of the season for the Indianapolis Colts before a knee injury ended their season . They characterized the injury as a sprain , it did n't require surgery and they noted that they could have played the final game of the regular season .
Of course , someone had to ask Bostic about coming in to replace Shazier . They handled it well even though you know that question had to sting . Bostic looks like they are going to add some significant improvements in terms of run support for the Steelers ' defense . He 's a good chase-and-tackle guy that does n't miss many opportunities .
Related Projecting the Steelers starting defense two weeks into free agency
April 10 Detsky Mir
* Q1 consolidated retail revenues up 26.8 percent to 20.8 billion roubles ( $ 362.01 million )
* Q1 like-for-like sales up 11.2 percent in Russia
* The number of tickets grew by 13.3 percent , the average ticket price declined by 1.9 percent in Q1
* In Q1 two Detsky Mir branded stores were opened
* To continue its expanding in 2017 by opening at least 70 new super- and hypermarkets Source text - bit.ly/2pjUg5i
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 57.4564 roubles ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
SAN BERNARDINO > > The 80-member California Assembly has 55 Democrats and 25 Republicans . If the assembly were a voting district , it would be 68.75 percent registered Democrats .
That supermajority means that , much of the time , legislation can pass through the chamber without any involvement from the state 's Republican assembly members . Republican-authored bills simply can not pass without at least 15 Democrats supporting them .
So what 's a Republican legislator to do ?
Despite the challenges , Assemblyman Jay Obernolte , R-Big Bear Lake , and Assemblyman Marc Steinorth , R-Rancho Cucamonga , do get legislation passed .
In the 2015-2016 session , Obernolte introduced 21 bills and three resolutions , and saw 12 bills signed into law , more than any other legislator in the Inland Empire — Republican or Democrat .
In the same session , Steinorth introduced 14 bills and two resolutions , and got five of those bills signed into law according to the California Legislative Information portal , leginfo.legislature.ca.gov . That 's more than former Assemblywoman Cheryl Brown , D-San Bernardino , who introduced 18 bills and three resolutions introduced and saw only two bills signed into law .
Sacramento is n't as partisan as Californians might think , Obernolte said , particularly in an era of hyper-polarized national politics .
“ I do n't think that , in the Legislature , people walk around with the idea that they 're going to label people as partisans , ” they said . “ I do n't think that , when they see a bill , that they look for the R or the D next to the author 's name . ”
How many bills they introduced that became law is n't the only metric , of course .
“ There are 2,700 pieces of legislation introduced each year , and I think the governor signed 800 last year . Think of how much was eliminated , ” Steinorth said . “ They would be very surprised at how much we 've been able to accomplish . ”
There 's also the Republican influence on Democratic bills that do eventually get signed into law .
“ It 's amazing to me how often we can offer a thoughtful suggestion on how to improve a bill , and the author will incorporate it , ” Obernolte said .
The two operate in very different districts . As of Feb. 10 , 36.97 percent of voters in Obernolte 's 33rd Assembly District are registered Republicans and 34.07 percent are registered Democrats , according to the California Secretary of State 's Office .
On the other hand , Steinorth , who was re-elected in 2016 — as was Obernolte — operates in what is now a Democratic district , with 40.31 percent of voters registered as Democrats and 33.75 percent Republicans .
Advertisement
Obernolte 's predecessor , Tim Donnelly , who opted to run for governor in 2014 , specialized in “ red meat ” legislation that appealed to their conservative base in the High Desert , but which did poorly in Democratically controlled Sacramento . During their last term in office , in 2013-14 , Donnelly introduced 39 bills , a constitutional amendment , two resolutions , two joint resolutions , according to leginfo.legislature.ca.gov . Of those , six of them were signed into law and both resolutions were approved .
“ I have one of the most conservative voting records in the Legislature , ” Obernolte said , “ but it 's all about your approach . … You do n't call the other side idiots , you do n't stand up and say what an awful bill this is . You use a thoughtful approach that focuses on the merits or demerits of the bill , that focus hard data and your constituents and what the impact the bill will have on them . ”
But that also means that Obernolte , who was recently appointed the vice-chair of the GOP Caucus in the Assembly , sometimes ends up voting against their own party .
“ Sometimes our caucus will attach a ‘ no ' recommendation on a bill , and I 'll read the bill and I 'll think it 's a reasonable one , ” they said . “ I 'll vote for it if it 's good for my constituents and the people of California . Everyone notices when you do that , and over time , you acquire a reputation as someone who 's reasonable to work with , and that makes it easier when you have bills . ”
Obernolte does n't worry about whether that opens them up to a future primary challenge as RINO , or Republican In Name Only .
“ I 'm going to make the best decision that I can for the people that I represent on bills , ” they said . “ Re-election , I think , if I do my job , takes care of itself . ”
Steinorth , who has to worry about getting attacked from both the political right and left come re-election time , said that focusing on their constituents is the only way to survive .
“ You 'd be surprised at how many people put the partisan part away and say , ‘ Do you care about your community ? ' ” Steinorth said . “ My district is not as concerned about the ball score , how many bills are signed or passed , ( it 's ) ‘ Have you cared about us ? ' ”
Steinorth was one of five Republican legislators serving in Democratic-leaning districts specifically targeted by Democrats in the 2016 election , they said . Of those , they were the only one who survived .
“ There 's an actual incentive for my opponents to try and limit my success , ” they said . “ I try to be a consensus-builder . I went after legislation that was common sense , made sense to everyone . ”
Last year , the Assembly unanimously passed Steinorth 's Assembly Bill 797 , which protects citizens from criminal and civil penalties if they free an animal inside a vehicle from the threat of immediate danger , as long as they then turn the animal over to law enforcement , animal control or other emergency personnel responding to the incident .
“ How could someone go back home and make the justification of not voting in favor of that legislation ? ” Steinorth said .
But many Republicans in the Legislature get more passed than the figures show — at least , their ideas do .
“ One of the biggest problems that I 've had is , when I come up with good ideas for legislation , is making sure I can hold onto it , ” Steinorth said . “ All of the sudden , you find out how many people like that idea and want to make it theirs . ”
Other legislators introduce bills with similar or identical ideas , and the original Republican bills then stall out and never make it to the floor for a vote . Steinorth wants to see California 's Earned Income Tax Credit get expanded to cover those in the “ sharing economy , ” like those who drive for Uber or Lyft . That may happen , but the legislation may not have their name on by the time it comes up for a vote .
Still , the most important things are ones that nearly all of the members of the Assembly can agree on : “ We 're all up there for the same reasons , ” Obernolte said . “ I 've been astonished that , even though I frequently disagree with my colleagues in Sacramento , I like almost all of them . And 95 percent of us are there for exactly the same reasons . We 're genuinely concerned about our constituents and the future of California , and we want to see our state progress .
“ We just disagree — vehemently at times — about how to get from here to here . ”
April 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the US championship matches on Saturday Saturday , April 15 Chicago Fire 3 New England Revolution 0 Montreal Impact 2 Atlanta United FC 1 Orlando City SC 2 LA Galaxy 1 Friday , April 14 Philadelphia Union 0 New York City FC 2 San Jose Earthquakes 1 FC Dallas 1 Vancouver Whitecaps 2 Seattle Sounders 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts Eastern Conference 1 Orlando City SC 5 4 0 1 6 4 12 2 Chicago Fire 6 3 2 1 9 7 11 3 New York City FC 6 3 1 2 10 5 10 4 Columbus Crew 6 3 1 2 9 7 10 5 Atlanta United FC 6 2 2 2 14 7 8 6 New England Revolution 6 2 1 3 9 9 7 7 New York Red Bulls 6 2 1 3 5 9 7 8 DC United 5 2 1 2 4 8 7 9 Toronto FC 5 1 4 0 6 4 7 10 Montreal Impact 6 1 3 2 7 9 6 11 Philadelphia Union 6 0 2 4 5 11 2 Western Conference 1 Portland Timbers 6 4 1 1 16 8 13 2 FC Dallas 5 3 2 0 7 3 11 3 Houston Dynamo 5 3 0 2 11 9 9 4 Sporting Kansas City 5 2 3 0 5 2 9 5 San Jose Earthquakes 6 2 2 2 8 8 8 6 Vancouver Whitecaps 6 2 1 3 8 11 7 7 LA Galaxy 6 2 0 4 8 10 6 8 Seattle Sounders 6 1 3 2 8 8 6 9 Real Salt Lake 6 1 2 3 6 8 5 10 Colorado Rapids 4 1 1 2 4 6 4 11 Minnesota United FC 6 1 1 4 10 22 4 Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Saturday , April 15 New York Red Bulls v DC United ( 2330 ) Sunday , April 16 Columbus Crew v Toronto FC ( 0000 ) Houston Dynamo v Minnesota United FC ( 0030 ) Colorado Rapids v Real Salt Lake ( 0100 ) Portland Timbers v Sporting Kansas City ( 0230 )
A 33-year-old man faces charges of attempted murder and malicious damage to property after they are alleged to have randomly opened fire outside a flat on Woodville Road , striking a 27-year-old woman in the head .
Wentworth SAPS communications officer , Cpt MP Gumede said , “ The incident unfolded at about 5am along Major Calvert and Woodville Road near the flats . The police were alerted and were informed that the known suspect fired random shots at the flats . A 27-year-old woman was hit by a stray bullet in the head and was rushed to Wentworth Hospital . ”
They added , “ The victim was in a stable condition and was discharged the same day after receiving stitches . Durban Flying Squad members on duty responded to the scene . Sgt Ogle heard the shots being fired and walked up to the flats . The police officer noticed the suspect and commanded them to stop . The suspect fired another shot and ran away . The police member pursued the suspect who disappeared into Woodville flats but they could not be found . ”
“ Through the assistance of informers the suspect was tracked and arrested . They were detained at the police station for attempted murder and malicious damage to property . Sgt Ogle and Cst Karsen from Durban Flying Squad are commended for effecting the arrest , ” said Cpt Gumede .
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities have identified a woman who died just after 10:15 a.m. Monday as they crossed the street in the 2600 Block of South Oliver in Wichita .
The woman identified as 35-year-old Kimberly Daffron , of Newton died when they were hit by a 70-year-old driver as they stepped out into a crosswalk , according to officer Charley Davidson .
Authorities are trying to determine whether the driver had a medical issue .
-The Associate Press Contributed to this report .
Parents are being urged to take their child to a GP if they suspect scarlet fever , after cases rose in some areas of England .
From September to the end of January , more cases have been reported in the West Midlands compared with the same period last year ( 369 compared with 309 ) , London ( 386 compared with 336 ) and the North West ( 546 compared with 500 ) .
Public Health England ( PHE ) urged parents to be vigilant , but said other regions of England are experiencing the same or lower levels of scarlet fever than last year .
Scarlet fever is a bacterial illness that mainly affects children and is distinctive due to its pink-red rash .
It is highly contagious and should be treated with antibiotics .
A PHE spokesperson said : “ It 's not uncommon to see more cases of scarlet fever during winter and spring .
“ Although we have seen a small increase in cases this year , scarlet fever is usually a mild illness that can be treated with antibiotics to reduce the risk of further complications and to minimise the risk of its spread to others .
“ Scarlet fever 's symptoms include a sore throat , headache and fever with a characteristic sandpapery , fine , pinkish or red rash .
“ Parents should pay particular attention and if you or your child develops any of these symptoms you should contact your GP for assessment .
“ Children or adults diagnosed with scarlet fever are advised to stay at home until at least 24 hours after the start of antibiotic treatment to avoid spreading the infection to others . ”
Since September , 3,325 cases of scarlet fever have been reported across England . Between 300 and 400 cases of scarlet fever are being reported every week . The highest levels are usually seen in March and April .
Over the past two years , the total number of cases reported by the end of April has been on the rise .
Scarlet fever usually occurs in children , mostly between the ages of two and eight .
Nurseries and schools are told to try and curb the spread of the bug through encouraging youngsters and staff to wash their hands .
For more information , visit www.nhs.uk/conditions/scarlet-fever
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is steering clear of the World Economic Forum in Davos , a meeting expected to be dominated by debate over the looming presidency of Donald Trump and rising public anger with elites and globalisation .
Merkel has been a regular at the annual gathering of political leaders , CEOs and celebrities , travelling to the snowy resort in the Swiss Alps seven times since becoming chancellor in 2005 .
But their spokesperson told Reuters they had decided not to attend for a second straight year . This year 's conference runs from Jan. 17-20 under the banner “ Responsive and Responsible Leadership ” . Trump 's inauguration coincides with the last day of the conference .
“ It 's true that a Davos trip was being considered , but we never confirmed it , so this is not a cancellation , ” the spokesperson said .
It is the first time Merkel has missed Davos two years in a row since taking office over 11 years ago and their absence may come as a disappointment to the organisers because their reputation as a steady , principled leader fits well with the theme of this year 's conference .
The German government declined to say what scheduling conflict was preventing them from attending , nor would it say whether the decision might be linked to the truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market that killed 12 people in mid-December .
But after the Brexit vote in Britain and the election of Trump were attributed to rising public anger with the political establishment and globalisation , leaders may be more reluctant than usual to travel to a conference at a plush ski resort that has become synonymous with the global elite .
One European official suggested that the prospect of having to address questions about Trump days before they enter the White House might also have dissuaded Merkel , whose politics is at odds with the president-elect on a broad range of issues , from immigration and trade , to Russia and climate change .
During the U.S. election campaign , Trump described Merkel 's refugee policies as “ insane ” .
Like Merkel , French President Francois Hollande , who announced in early December that they would not seek a second term next year , will not be in Davos .
The WEF had also hoped to lure Matteo Renzi , but they resigned as Italian prime minister last month . European leaders that are expected include Mark Rutte of the Netherlands and Enda Kenny of Ireland . British Prime Minister Theresa May could also be there .
Although the WEF does not comment on which leaders it is expecting until roughly a week before the meeting , the star attraction is expected to be Xi Jinping , the first Chinese president to attend .
Members of President-elect Donald Trump 's team , including Davos regulars like former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn and fund manager Anthony Scaramucci , are also expected . WEF Chairman Klaus Schwab was invited to Trump Tower last month , although the purpose of the visit was unclear .
German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen , who was elected to the WEF board of trustees last year , is expected to attend , as are senior ministers from a range of other European countries , as well as top figures from the European Commission .
São Paulo , April 20 Usinas Siderúrgicas de Minas Gerais SA , Brazil 's largest listed maker of flat steel , reversed a loss in the first quarter in the wake of price hikes and a 4 percent climb in sales volumes .
Net income at Usiminas came in at 108 million reais ( $ 34 million ) , compared with a fourth-quarter shortfall of 195 million reais , according to a securities filing on Thursday . Earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortization fell 10 percent to 528 million reais from the prior three months , the statement said
( $ 1 = 3.1505 reais ) ( Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Chizu Nomiyama )
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Senators can help reduce the continuing bloodshed in Chicago by confirming Sen. Jeff Sessions as the new Attorney General , says NRA-ILA executive director Chris Cox .
The political response to this situation has been immoral . But help is on the way with a new AG . # confirmsessions . https : //t.co/Bp0oIs9zN0 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER — Chris Cox ( @ nracwc ) December 31 , 2016
Sen. Jeff Sessions ' nomination hearing is expected to begin next week , amid fierce opposition from progressive groups .
Breitbart News previously reported that Chicago ended 2016 with nearly 800 homicides for the year . The Chicago Tribune reports that there were a total of 779 homicides between January 1 , 2016 , and December 31 , 2016 , an increase of nearly 300 homicides over 2015 figures . And there were a 4,385 shootings — fatal and non-fatal combined — in gun-controlled Chicago during 2016 .
The response to this carnage has been business as usual . The Tribune summed up the response to Chicago 's rise in homicides by suggesting there are “ few answers ” for curtailing the violence .
It has long been known that one of the biggest problems in the status quo response to Chicago gun crime is the lackadaisical approach to prosecuting individuals who violate federal gun laws in the city . The NRA made this very point in Amercia 's 1st Freedom in August 2015 :
In 2014 in Chicago , over 2,500 people were shot—nearly 400 of them fatally—and police seized more than 6,252 guns . Yet out of those 6,252 guns seized , Fardon 's federal prosecutors saw fit to pursue just 62 weapons prosecutions . In other words , for every 100 guns police seized , federal prosecutors made just one prosecution .
With nearly 800 homicides in gun-controlled Chicago last year , the NRA-ILA 's Cox labels the lackluster response to death upon death as “ immoral ” and posits Sessions ' confirmation as the means to reverse the lack of prosecutions for gun law violations .
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “ Bullets with AWR Hawkins , ” a Breitbart News podcast . They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow them on Twitter : @ AWRHawkins . Reach them directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com .
`` There are huge prospects for Russian-Chinese trade and economic cooperation and there is no doubt that trade can reach $ 100 billion , '' Li said at a press conference .
China remains Russia 's largest trade partner . In 2017 , trade between Russia and China grew by 20.8 percent year-on-year to $ 84 billion . Chinese exports to Russia increased by 14.8 percent to $ 42.9 billion , while imports from Russia went up 27.7 percent to $ 41.2 billion , according to China 's General Administration of Customs .
READ MORE : Re-Election of Putin , Xi to Promote Continuity of Russia-China Ties — Analysts
According to acting Governor of the Far Eastern region Andrei Tarasenko , the turnover between Russia 's Primorsky Territory and China increased by 14 percent over the first nine months of 2017 . Some 200 enterprises with Chinese involvement are currently working in the territory , Tarasenko said .
Russia is trying to develop its Far East federal district by improving its infrastructure and increasing cooperation with Asian nations such as China , Japan and South Korea .
Earlier , Chinese President Xi Jinping , expressed their readiness to enhance trust with Russia and to expand cooperation with Moscow in 2018 .
U.S. House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence ranking member Representative Adam Schiff ( D-CA ) speaks with reporters about the Committee 's Russia investigation on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S. , March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON Congressional intelligence committee Democrats said on Tuesday they would soon be allowed to view documents at the centre of a political firestorm surrounding the investigation of possible links between President Donald Trump 's campaign and Russia .
Representative Adam Schiff , the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee 's ranking Democrat , said documents that officials at the White House provided to the panel 's chairperson , Republican Devin Nunes , would be made available to all the members of their committee and their Senate counterparts .
`` This action is long overdue and follows an inexplicable series of events in which the White House played a role in selectively and surreptitiously providing the documents to our chairperson , '' Schiff said in a statement .
`` If the White House had any concerns over these documents , or any other documents , they should have provided them to our committee weeks ago , '' they said .
Congressional committees and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are investigating what U.S. intelligence has concluded were attempts by Moscow to influence the U.S. election in Trump 's favour . They are also looking at links between Russia and Trump . Russia denies such allegations .
Trump and their allies have mounted an aggressive defence . Most recently , they have focussed on unsubstantiated reports that Susan Rice , former President Barack Obama 's national security adviser , disclosed the names of Trump aides swept up by surveillance of foreign targets .
Rice dismissed the reports as `` absolutely false '' in an interview with MSNBC .
The day after FBI Director James Comey confirmed the FBI investigation of potential ties between Russia and the Trump campaign last month , Nunes announced to reporters that the communications of members of Trump 's transition team were caught up in the surveillance .
They said the information came from documents obtained from a source they would not identify .
Nunes , a close Trump political ally , discussed the matter with the Republican president before consulting committee Democrats .
After reports Nunes got the documents from White House aides , Schiff called for them to recuse themselves from the inquiry , saying their actions compromised the panel 's ability to complete a credible , bipartisan investigation .
Republican Senator Richard Burr , chairperson of the Senate Intelligence Committee , whose leaders have insisted they can conduct a bipartisan investigation , said on Tuesday they were open to looking into the Rice allegations , if they proved true .
Democrats underscored the gravity of the investigation .
`` I would n't be surprised after all of this is said and done that some people end up in jail , '' Representative Joaquin Castro , a House Intelligence member , told CNN .
( Reporting by Patricia Zengerle and Susan Heavey ; Editing by Bill Trott )
Rita Ora went through a `` rollercoaster of emotions '' after going their separate ways from Roc Nation .
The 'Anywhere ' hitmaker split from their record label and admits it left them struggling to put out new music .
They said : `` I had a bit of an issue , publicly , with putting out music which got me really , really , kind of devastated , and I was really down , and then I was really angry , and then I was really frustrated , and then I was really happy that it was happening ... It was all these emotions , so my album is definitely a rollercoaster of emotions ... I 'm still crazy , like , I still love to go out and party . Everyone who knows me knows that I love to have a good time , but I wanted this album to also be [ something ] you could put on and vibe with your friends . There are a lot of ups and downs , but I 'm very , very proud of it . ''
Now that is behind them though , Rita is excited for what 2018 will bring for them with their music .
The Latest : Boys may be taken out of Thai cave in stages
Now Playing :
MAE SAI , Thailand ( AP ) — The Latest on the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach in a cave in northern Thailand ( all times local ) :
1:05 p.m .
The Thai official overseeing the rescue operation of a soccer team trapped in a flooded cave says the boys and their coach may not all be extracted at the same time depending on their health .
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that `` all 13 may not come out at the same time . If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100 percent , they can come out . ''
They said authorities will evaluate their readiness each day and if there is any risk will not proceed .
They said the team is currently recuperating .
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 In this July 3 , 2018 , image taken from video provided by the Thai Navy Seal , Thai boys are with Navy SEALs inside the cave , Mae Sai , northern Thailand . With heavy rains forecast to worsen flooding in a cave in northern Thailand where 12 boys and their soccer coach are waiting to be extracted by rescuers , authorities say they might be forced to have them swim out through a narrow , underwater passage . The 13 are described as healthy and being looked after by medics inside the cave . ( Thai Navy Seal via AP ) less In this July 3 , 2018 , image taken from video provided by the Thai Navy Seal , Thai boys are with Navy SEALs inside the cave , Mae Sai , northern Thailand . With heavy rains forecast to worsen flooding in a cave in ... more Photo : AP Image 2 of 5 Thai soldiers makes their way down at the entrance to a cave complex where 12 boys and their soccer coach were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , in Mae Sai , Chiang Rai province , in northern Thailand , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . The Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday , as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them . less Thai soldiers makes their way down at the entrance to a cave complex where 12 boys and their soccer coach were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , in Mae Sai , Chiang Rai province , in northern ... more Photo : Sakchai Lalit , AP Image 3 of 5 Rescuers carry water pipe makes their way up at the entrance to a cave complex where 12 boys and their soccer coach were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , in Mae Sai , Chiang Rai province , in northern Thailand , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . The Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday , as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them . less Rescuer carry water pipe makes their way up at the entrance to a cave complex where 12 boys and their soccer coach were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , in Mae Sai , Chiang Rai province , in ... more Photo : Sakchai Lalit , AP Image 4 of 5 Rescuers carrying water pipe makes their way up at the entrance to a cave complex where 12 boys and their soccer coach were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , in Mae Sai , Chiang Rai province , in northern Thailand , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . The Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday , as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them . less Rescuer carrying water pipe makes their way up at the entrance to a cave complex where 12 boys and their soccer coach were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , in Mae Sai , Chiang Rai province , in ... more Photo : Sakchai Lalit , AP Image 5 of 5 The Latest : Boys may be taken out of Thai cave in stages 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Authorities are still determining the best way to get the team out of the cave , options that include diving .
___
12:50 p.m .
Thai authorities are working to with navy SEALs to run a fiber optic internet line into a flooded cave in northern Thailand where 12 young soccer players and their coach are trapped .
Communication technician Phoowanart Keawdum said Wednesday that once the cable is installed , phone calls to the cave will be possible .
Authorities tried to do the same Tuesday , but the equipment was damaged by the water .
In the latest videos released by the Thai navy , the boys and coach say they 're fine . The group entered the cave in northern Thailand on June 23 before flooding cut off the main entrance . Rescuers are studying how to extract them safely .
___
11:10 a.m .
Thailand 's navy is continuing to release videos of the young soccer players trapped in a flooded cave in northern Thailand .
The two latest videos posted to a navy Facebook page late Wednesday morning show a navy SEAL treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment . Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL , who cracks jokes .
Other boys are seen sleeping under foil warming blankets .
A previous video released early Wednesday showed the boys saying they were healthy .
___
10:35 a.m .
The Thai official overseeing the rescue operation of a soccer team trapped in a flooded cave says the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing .
Officials have said that teaching the 12 boys and their coach to dive may be the only way to get them out of the cave , but other options are being explored .
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that while the team has been practicing with masks , they do n't believe they have attempted any practice dives .
They said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted , but it is unlikely to be Wednesday .
They said any extraction has to be `` 100 percent safe . ''
___
8:55 a.m .
The soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave say they are healthy on a new Thai navy video .
The boys and their coach introduce themselves individually with the camera turning to show a Thai navy SEAL with them . They smile at times and interact with the SEAL who asks questions .
Some appeared to be wearing a change of clothes since they were found late Monday and most were wrapped in foil warming blankets .
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning .
The group had entered the cave in northern Thailand on June 23 before flooding cut off the main entrance . Rescuers are studying how to extract them safely .
LEIGH Halfpenny scored two tries as Wales opened their Six Nations campaign with a dominant 34-7 victory against much-fancied Scotland in Cardiff on Saturday .
In an entertaining start to the tournament , Wales banished memories of their defeat to Scotland in last year 's fixture with a commanding victory courtesy of tries from Gareth Davies and Steff Evans and Halfpenny 's double .
The experienced fullback added 14 points from the boot for a personal tally of 24 .
Scotland had not won in Cardiff since 2002 but arrived in the Welsh capital buoyed up by a superb spell in November that saw them thump Australia and fall agonisingly short of a famous victory against the world champion All Blacks .
Wales , however — without six British & Irish Lions stars — started in inspired fashion at a fervent Principality Stadium with Davies intercepting a pass from opposite number Ali Price to canter over from 60 metres .
The visitors barely had time to settle in a breathless opening 15 minutes before Halfpenny dived over for their first Wales try since 2013 — 38 games ago .
Scotland , one of the most dynamic and unpredictable attacking sides , were guilty of overplaying at times and found it difficult to build cohesion or put pressure on the Welsh defence .
Fielding a number of inexperienced players due to injury , Scotland made it to the break without falling further behind but any hopes of a second-half comeback were hampered by Halfpenny , who twice punished Scottish infringements to extend the lead .
Halfpenny then strolled over for their second on the hour mark and Evans scampered down the touchline to finish acrobatically in the closing stages , before two sweetly-struck conversions extended the fullback 's perfect record from the tee to six from six .
The only negative on a brilliant afternoon for Wales was Peter Horne 's late consolation try .
Wales finished above only Italy in last year 's championship but expertly marshalled the final 30 minutes and will be full of confidence when they travel to back-to-back champions England next Saturday .
Scotland — tipped by many pundits to upset the dominance of tournament favourites England and Ireland — host an unpredictable France in their next outing on February 11 .
LA LA Land 's loopy real estate market just got even wackier with the eye-watering $ 50 million price drop of one insane mega mansion .
The mind-boggling discount now means the 12-bedroom , 21-bathroom home dubbed “ Billionaire ” is no longer in the running for the priciest pad in the United States .
That mantel has now been passed back to The Manor , a ridiculous 123-room residence built by the late TV super producer Aaron Spelling and their wife Candy .
Formerly known as Spelling Manor , that mansion was bought by Formula One racing heiress Petra Ecclestone for $ 85 million in 2011 but is now back on the market after a facelift with a $ US200 million ( $ AUD257 million ) price tag .
Billionaire in Bel Air was listed last year with hopes of $ US250 million ( $ AUD321 million ) , but after failing to sell it has recently had a hefty $ US62 million ( $ AUD50 million ) price reduction .
Camera Icon Talk about outdoor entertainment . Picture : Supplied , realtor.com
The humungous home came off the market mid last year , but popped up again this month seeking $ US188 million ( $ AUD241 million ) .
The 3530sqm spec house was built by handbag magnate and developer Bruce Makowsky , who is no stranger to outrageous real estate .
Camera Icon Luxury living . Picture : Supplied , realtor.com
They previously sold a Beverly Hills residence with all the billionaire 's bells and whistles including vodka and tequila bars , eight bedrooms with apartment-sized closets and 15 bathrooms ( just to pin point a few ) , to Minecraft creator Markus Persson .
SIGN UP FOR THE NSW REAL ESTATE NEWSLETTER HERE
But this relisted Bel Air home features a long list of bonuses that few other homes can claim including a helipad , a garage full of Lamborghinis and Ferraris and other collectable cars worth a total of $ US30 million ( $ AUD38 million ) , 21 bathrooms , six bars , three kitchens , a champagne pinball machine , bowling alley and a 40-seat home theatre with a James Bond theme and 7000 movies already pre-loaded .
Camera Icon The garage of Lamborghinis . Picture : Supplied , realtor.com
Camera Icon The bowling alley . Picture : Supplied , realtor.com
Of course , it does n't end there .
The rambling residence also has 1579sq m of terraces , 100 pieces of high-end art , seven full time staff members , a 25m glass infinity pool , two Sea-Doos and a small catamaran .
Beyonce and Jay-Z reportedly missed out on the home snapped up by the Minecraft creator so the couple might be thrilled at this mansion 's more “ modest ” asking price .
California , the birthplace of the glamorously rich and famous , is yet to see a property sell for more than $ US100 million ( $ AUD128 million ) , despite several residences including the Playboy Mansion asking for more than that in recent years .
Camera Icon James Bond themed theatre . Picture : Supplied , realtor.com
Camera Icon Grab a snack before the movie . Picture : Supplied , realtor.com
To date , the most expensive American home ever sold is a 7.3ha Hamptons estate that fetched $ US147 million ( $ AUD188 million ) in 2014 .
The former Spelling pile may not hold its “ most expensive listing ” title for long with one movie producer turned developer , Nile Niami , working on one of the largest private residences the States has ever seen .
That Bel Air home which will have a 30-car garage , four pools and an astronomical 464sqm main bedroom suite will reportedly be asking $ US500 million ( $ AUD642 million ) .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Solicitor General Jose Calida asks that the briefing of the administrator and the implementer of martial law in Mindanao 'be done privately for reasons of security '
Published 2:39 PM , June 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – The Supreme Court on Wednesday , June 14 , ordered Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana and Philippine military chief General Eduardo Año to appear before the High Court on the last day of oral arguments on petitions against martial law in Mindanao .
It is still unclear if Lorenzana and Año – the administrator and implementer of martial law in Mindanao , respectively – will be interpellated on the floor on Thursday , June 15 , or will meet with justices and petitioners privately since Solicitor General Jose Calida has requested for a closed-door session in this regard .
`` May I request that the briefing be done privately for reasons of security ? '' Calida asked the High Court .
Albay First District Representative Edcel Lagman , a petitioner , quickly opposed Calida .
`` We cross the bridge when we get there because we have reservations because of our experience with executive sessions in the House of Representatives . There was an omnibus executive session , and no confidential matter affecting national security was disclosed , '' Lagman said .
Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno stepped in and asked Calida to formally manifest which issues are to be treated confidentially , and which can go on record .
`` Petitioners actually need to know , but to what extent they need to know , that is a matter that you can convey to us , '' Sereno told Calida .
It was Lagman who requested the presence of Lorenzana supposedly for Wednesday afternoon but Calida said it would be `` more doable '' on Thursday .
Lagman said that if Lorenzana can not go , they may send their next highest representative . The same goes for Año .
`` We have requested high ranking officials to be present before , this is not very strange , '' Sereno said and proceeded to ask Calida to bring Lorenzana and other key figures for Thursday 's session .
The defense chief has not responded to Rappler 's request for comment as of posting .
Sereno also asked Calida to submit additional relevant documents to the court , including Lorenzana 's first arrest order under martial law , and Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II 's order authorizing a probe into opposition leaders for an alleged destabilization plot . – Rappler.com
Editor 's note : This Q & A is sponsored by Georgia State University 's Robinson College of Business .
Name : Monica Priscila Mendoza Ramos
City and country where you 're from : Bogota , Colombia
Employer and title : CARE , Fellow at the Office of the President
Global Atlanta : What made this program right for you ?
Ms. Mendoza : Since I graduated with an economics degree back in 2015 , I was decided to continue my education by pursuing a master 's . When I moved to Atlanta in the same year , I explored different options when it comes to graduate schools . While doing research , I learned that the J. Mack Robinson College of Business was a pioneer on innovation , which really caught my attention .
I have always liked international affairs , but the key factor that made me decide to enroll was the fact that classes were during the evening , which gave me the opportunity to keep my full-time job while being a student .
Global Atlanta : Why did you choose the MIB instead of an MBA or another business degree at a different institution ?
Ms. Mendoza : Since I am a foreigner I really liked the international focus . I wanted a program that gave me the opportunity to have the knowledge to be successful abroad , and even though I could have taken IB classes while doing an MBA , I wanted to focus 100 percent of my efforts to learn about the global marketplace and its characteristics when it comes to doing business .
Global Atlanta : How important was it — from a cost and time perspective — that the degree is only one year ?
Very important ! At the beginning of the program , I was eager to change my job and find new opportunities in an industry that interest me . I was working as an Office Manager at a Dental Office at the beginning of the program which was not that interest to me . This job got me through school but it was not something I wanted to keep doing . The fact that the program was one year was im [ portant to me because that would give me the opportunity to advance my career faster . At the same time when it comes to cost , it was also a lot more affordable than a two-year program . I was able to find a fellowship in September at CARE USA , a non-profit organization and strives to eliminate poverty in the world , which aligns a lot better with my academic background and interests .
Which programmatic aspects of the MIB do you feel are the most unique and beneficial for your real-world career ?
The program is very applicable to real life . In comparison to my bachelor 's degree which was very theoretical , this master 's is much more applicable and is very useful ! We even worked with companies expanding internationally . Much of the curriculum is based on real-life case studies .
How is this program different from what is offered in your country , and what about Atlanta makes it a great place to learn global business ?
Master 's degrees exist in my country ( Colombia ) , but for an international career having a degree from a Colombian university does not add high recognition . On the other side , having an American degree does add value to your resume .
I was born and raised in a big city with a lot of diversity ( Bogota ) , so coming to Atlanta was a cultural shock . Even though many consider Atlanta a big city , for me , it is a mid-size city in the process of growing . It is interesting to be able to get my degree in Atlanta because it is growing at a really fast pace and it is becoming a hub for business in the South . There are a lot of Fortune 500 companies based in Atlanta , which makes the city a great place for job opportunities .
Can you share one or more experiential aspects of the program — study-abroad trip , guest speakers , or field visits — that really brought home a lesson that would have been hard to learn in the classroom ?
We constantly had guest speakers adding value to the classes , including CEOs , other executives and experts in different industries . It is great to be able to learn from those people and to be able to share their knowledge and experience .
At the same time , I was able to go to a Study Abroad Program to South Africa during the Summer ( for an additional cost ) which really open my mind to new things . Being there was an eye-opening experience . I learned a lot from the culture as well as their business and economy . We had the opportunity to visit multinational companies , local companies , government offices , universities , and cultural villages .
Finally , we visited the Port of Savannah to see global business in action . Then , one of the class projects was helping a European star-up that was trying to expand internationally . It was great to do this project because we were dealing with a real company , a real product and real people !
What was the most meaningful thing you learned through the program about crossing borders and reaching into new cultures when conducting business ?
The most valuable thing I learned was that international business is all about relationships and how well you are able to adapt to different cultures and environments .
Now armed with the MIB , what 's your next move ?
My next move is to finish my fellowship and get a full-time job at CARE USA . I also want to keep learning French , since I am already fluent in Spanish and English .
LITTLE ROCK , Ark. , April 15 A U.S. judge in Little Rock on Saturday temporarily blocked plans by Arkansas to hold a rapid series of executions this month , after the inmates argued the state 's rush to the death chamber was unconstitutional and reckless .
Arkansas , which has not carried out an execution in 12 years , planned to kill seven convicted murderers beginning Monday . No state has ever executed as many inmates in as short a period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976 .
The state Supreme Court on Friday granted a stay of execution on one of the seven , and an eighth inmate whom the state planned to execution won an earlier stay . ( Reporting by Steve Barnes ; Writing by Alex Dobuzinskis ; Editing by Alistair Bell )
The party is over for Derek Fildebrandt .
United Conservative Party leader Jason Kenney issued a statement Friday morning saying the Strathmore-Brooks MLA and former finance critic will not be permitted to rejoin the UCP , after Fildebrandt pleaded guilty in court the same morning to illegally shooting a deer .
Fildebrandt took a leave of absence from the party last August after they came under fire for renting their taxpayer-subsidized apartment on AirBnb .
In December , they were charged in a hit-and-run .
`` As elected representatives , we must be expected to show the highest level of integrity . MLA Derek Fildebrandt has unfortunately demonstrated a pattern of behavior that does not meet that standard , '' Kenney 's statement reads .
Kenney said they met with Fildebrandt on Nov. 29 , 2017 to ask whether there were any other outstanding matters they should know about before considering their application to rejoin the caucus .
`` We questioned Mr. Fildebrandt extensively for an hour . At no point during that meeting did Mr. Fildebrandt disclose that just 25 days prior they had been charged with the offence which led to their court hearing today , '' Kenney wrote .
`` I can only conclude that Mr. Fildebrandt deliberately misled us in refusing to disclose this outstanding charge . Consequently , neither I nor our caucus can have confidence in the veracity of their undertakings to us . I have therefore decided that Mr. Flidebrandt will not be permitted to return to our Caucus , a decision supported by our Caucus following consultations earlier today . ''
Metro
Recent news :
Huge reserve charge drops AIG to $ 2.8bn Q4 loss
David Bull 14 February 2017
AIG took a giant $ 5.6bn fourth quarter reserve charge that helped send it to a $ 2.79bn loss for the period , the insurer said today .
Markets responded negatively to the release , with AIG shares down about 4.5 percent in after-hours trading in New York .
With the ink only recently dried on the insurer 's retroactive reinsurance agreement with National Indemnity , 80 percent , or $ 4.2bn , of total 2016 adverse development of $ 5.3bn will be passed on to the Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary known as ...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article , then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The first Democratic challenger to officially file to run against McSally spent the opening day of their campaign fending off accusations that he 's actually a Republican , though through no fault of their own . To read more on this item plus all the stories in the April 17 Yellow Sheet Report , go to www.yellowsheetreport.com ( Yellow Sheet Subscription Required ) . To subscribe to ...
[ India ] , June 15 ( ANI ) : The Delhi High Court will today hear the bail plea of arrested business person Yogesh Mittal in connection with a money laundering case .
The accused had allegedly converted demonetised notes into valid currency .
The Enforcement Directorate ( ED ) on June 6 arrested Mittal , who is a close associate of advocate Rohit Tandon .
Earlier in February , the Enforcement Directorate had issued a provisional attachment order attaching movable and immovable properties worth Rs . 6,84,26,500 of Tandon , Kolkata-based business person Paras Mal Lodha and others in money laundering case post demonetisation .
Investigation conducted so far has revealed that post demonetisation , Lodha along with others illegally exchanged demonetised currency of Tandon and others into monetised form on commission basis with the help of Suman , Amranjay Kumar , Atul Kumar Aggarwal , Manoj Kumar Aggarwal and others including Hawala operators . Lodha was held in Mumbai by the Enforcement Directorate after they recovered huge cache of new currency notes of Rs . 500 and Rs . 2,000 from a Delhi law firm which belonged to advocate Tandon and Chennai based business person Sekhar Reddy . Tandon was arrested last year in December , after the Crime Branch and Delhi Police had carried out raids at the office of their firm T & T Law and seized nearly Rs 13.5 crore , of which Rs 2.6 crore was in new banknotes released after demonetisation . ( ANI )
Questions or suggestions ? Message KUSI Sports using the form below :
Email Address * Logged in as : Log into Member Center Not you ? Log out * denotes required fields
We 're sorry , but only one entry is allowed per person .
Thank you for your continued interest .
Activist Diya Sana posted the picture of their friend , using watermelons . Image : Diya Sana/Facebook
: A few women in Kerala got their Facebook accounts blocked after they carried out a ‘ topless ' protest on the social network , protesting a recent comment by a professor who likened women 's breast with water melons .
A Malayalam news portal said that a man named Vishnu shared a topless picture of their partner Arathy SA on Facebook to protest the remark of the professor . A Thiruvananthapuram-based woman Diya Sana also posted a picture of a topless woman holding watermelons to hide their breast . Both the pictures got viral . Sana later revealed that the picture belonged to their friend Rehana Fathima , a social activist .
The protest occurred after an Assistant Professor at Farook College , Kozhikode , said in a speech that the female students of the college bare their breasts like water melon .
“ I am teacher of a college where 80 per cent of the students are girls and of that , majority are Muslims . These girls are not wearing dress as per the religious tradition . They are not covering their chests with hijab . But showing part of it is like slice of red water melon being displayed , ” they were quoted as having said .
They allegedly warned the students that such dressing would make them lose both physical and spiritual worlds .
It is not yet clear when the professor gave the speech but the video began to be widely circulated only recently . Earlier this month , the photo of a breastfeeding model on the cover of a magazine sparked a major debate in Kerala as social media users argued over its propriety .
In the audio recording of the speech , the professor , who teaches B.Ed students , is heard saying , `` Even though you are covering , there are parts where skin can be seen ... When you are wearing hijab , you are supposed to cover your breasts because men find them most attractive in a woman ... But what are they doing ? They are only covering their head and they show off a portion of their body . ''
They go on to say : `` Have you seen watermelon ? In shops , people keep a cut watermelon cut on display so that customers can come and choose what they want . That is how you ( women ) are also behaving . ''
We started our day with temperatures in the 30s across much of the area , making for a frigid start , but this afternoon we will warm up nicely with highs in the 60s under a mostly clear sky and no chance for rain . For tonight we will keep with the drier conditions as temperatures fall to the 30s under a mostly clear sky once again , but this will be our last night of chilly weather this week as we go into a warming trend tomorrow .
Rob Huebel is the first to admit that he 's one tired dad — but it 's a moment he 's been waiting 117 days to say .
Huebel and their wife Holly welcomed their first child , daughter Holden , on Sept. 28 after their wife went into pre-term labor . Holden was born at 26 weeks , weighing only 1 lb. , 15 oz . They spent 117 days in the NICU at Cedars-Sinai .
“ We just got their home about two weeks ago , so I am fully exhausted , ” they proudly tell PEOPLE .
The Transparent actor , 47 , opened up to PEOPLE about their experience spending the first few months with their newborn daughter in the NICU — and how Holden 's doing now that she 's finally home .
PEOPLE : Giving birth at 26 weeks is not something you think to prepare for when you 're pregnant . What was Holly 's pregnancy like ?
Rob : Them pregnancy was going great . It was super easy and normal . It 's really hard looking back to pinpoint what could have caused them to go into preterm labor . The doctors just do n't know .
We were out shopping and they just started bleeding so I rushed them to the hospital . They took us right up to labor and delivery and after they stopped the bleeding they told us they might need to be on bedrest for the rest of their pregnancy . Just as we were coming to terms with them being on bedrest , Holly started having contractions — and they never stopped .
PEOPLE : Going into labor so early must have been frightening . What was the moment like when Holden was born ?
Rob : My wife yelled , ‘ She 's perfect ! ' Which I thought was pretty awesome . I ca n't talk about it without getting emotional . As soon as they were born , a team from the NICU took them and started running tests to make sure they were breathing on their own . They were like , ‘ Dad , come with us , ' and they whisked them upstairs to the NICU . It was literally like 40 people slow dancing down the hallway surrounding this baby . So I just followed them . I was with them the whole time .
They put them in a little isolette , which looks like an incubator . They basically just recreate the womb . We actually were n't allowed to hold them for about two weeks because they were just too little . You can reach in and kind of touch them and put your hand on her , but they would n't let you take them out or hold them
PEOPLE : What was it like when you were finally able to hold them for the first time ?
Rob : It 's the best feeling in the whole world . My only thought was I hope I do n't get hot tears on this baby . We were able to visit their 24/7 , so my wife would go in the morning and I would go at night because we wanted them to have as much time with our child as possible .
PEOPLE : How emotionally tolling was it on you to leave your baby at the hospital every night for 117 days ?
Rob : It never got easy . It 's really , really hard and it 's emotionally really draining because every instinct that you have is to stay there and to be with your child .
It never got easier , especially toward the end , you just want to get out of there . So it 's really hard to leave . We thought about doing a jailbreak , but ended up opting against it .
PEOPLE : Did Holden have any milestone moments while in the NICU ?
Rob : One of the biggest moments was when Holden was big enough that my wife was able to nurse them The breastfeeding thing was a huge victory . But they were always super strong and feisty . They very quickly got a reputation in the NICU for having very strong opinions about what they liked and what they did n't like .
PEOPLE : And then you were finally told you could take them home .
Rob : That brought on a whole different rush of emotions and fears — it becomes a whole new type of terror . You become comfortable with a certain type of terror when you 're in the NICU because you 're so stressed out and so scared about the progress of the baby . The new fear is that I do n't want to screw it up now . I do n't want to sneeze on them or something .
They do a little graduation for you when you leave . They put them in a little stroller and you go to the doctors down the hallway and you wave to all the other babies ! The other babies wave , they know how to wave . A lot of babies do n't know how to wave , which I think is really rude .
I think I drove about 10 miles an hour on the way home . I really thought I was going to get pulled over for going too slow . And it 's Los Angeles , so of course people were honking at me . I was like , ‘ I 've got my baby in the car ! We just spent 117 days in the NICU ! ' It 's really crazy .
PEOPLE : Now that she 's home , what 's your favorite thing about being a dad ?
Rob : There 's so much , and I 'm such a young inexperienced dad . My favorite thing is really how much closer my wife and I became throughout this experience .
When you 're expecting a baby , there 's a lot you can plan for , but when it happens early you just have to jump into it . Whatever plans you had , everything goes out the window . It 's just brought us so much closer together , on a level that I did not understand or expect at all . My wife has just been such a badass about the whole thing . She 's exhausted all the time , but she 's just been a real rockstar .
PEOPLE : How is Holden doing ?
Rob : She 's doing really great . At the end of the day , it 's really such a miracle . You see this tiny little vulnerable helpless thing come out . They 're so small . And now we have this baby that 's almost 10 lbs . and she 's able to do everything a full term baby can do . It just really takes your breath away .
In a memo to staff today , Reuters EMEA Regional Editor Simon Robinson and EMEA Managing Editor for News Nick Tattersall announced the appointment of Mike Collett-White as EMEA Top News Editor . Read more below :
Comrades ,
We 're pleased to announce that Mike Collett-White will become the new EMEA Top News Editor .
In their new role , Mike will focus on driving the news agenda on some of our most important stories . They will take on this position in May .
Mike joins us from their previous post as Deputy Editor , Asia Top News , which he 's held since March 2014 . In that role they have done an outstanding job guiding coverage from around Asia , in particular in South Asia . With Mike based in London during this time , they have also served as a bridge between Asia and EMEA , ensuring strong coordination between the regions . That 's a strength they will be able to put to good use in their new role .
Mike joined Reuters in London in 1996 covering commodities . They spent time in Moscow writing about commodities and energy , was a senior correspondent for Central Asia , covered the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan , served as deputy bureau chief for Pakistan and Afghanistan and then spent time on the London editing desk . They also covered the U.S. war in Iraq , and had a stint on arts and entertainment .
Mike was recognized with a Journalist of the Year award in the Editor/Desk Editor category for helping Reuters dominate coverage of Afghanistan in 2015 .
They speak Russian and French and loves opera , wine , food and football . The good stuff , in other words .
Now that EMEA has its new leadership team in place , we will schedule a Town Hall to talk about some of our priorities for the year and to provide you with the opportunity to ask any questions on your mind . A calendar notice will follow in the coming weeks .
In the meantime , we know you will join us in congratulating Mike .
Yours sincerely ,
Simon Robinson
Regional Editor , EMEA
Nick Tattersall
Managing Editor for News , EMEA
Media Contact :
Heather dot Carpenter at thomsonreuters dot com
[ Reuters PR Blog Post ]
While this might just be the craziest way to win a car , all you need is a phone and a finger ( OK , and a lot , a lot , a lot of free time ) .
Scroll for more content ...
Starting this Super Bowl Sunday at exactly 6:30 p.m . ET , Mercedes-Benz is launching Last Fan Standing , a game where players have to keep their finger on a picture of a car as it moves around a phone screen . The last player with a finger on the car wins a 2018 Mercedes-AMG C 43 Coupes .
Sounds simple enough -- except that no one knows how long this game could last . It could be hours , days , maybe even weeks . It just depends on how dedicated these players -- really we 're talking about millennials -- are winning a brand-spanking-new car .
Players can start registering at 12:01 a.m . ET on February 4 .
As with every contest , there are rules .
No , you ca n't tag team with a friend . No , you ca n't use a mouse pointer instead of your own finger . No , you ca n't start over if you lose Wi-Fi . If you need a potty break , well , you 'll have to figure that out on your own .
But after registering , you can tweet about the game to activate a five-minute time-out for use during the contest . ( Maybe that 's when you go find a toilet . )
There 's also a training mode that comes with tips and tricks to help get you ready .
So get to strengthening those fingers , and may the odds be ever in your favor .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The incident took place as British Defense Secretary Gavin Williamson delivered a speech on Syria-related issues in the UK House of Commons on Tuesday .
When speaking about the fight against Daesh * , Williamson was interrupted by what seemed to be their iPhone 's virtual assistant Siri saying that `` I found something on the web for 'in Syria , Syrian democratic forces supported by'… . ''
Williamson was quick to apologize for the `` intervention '' , noting that `` it is very rare that you 're heckled by your own mobile phone . ''
All this looked like the iPhone reacted to the `` Hey Siri '' command even though nothing of the kind was mentioned by Williamson , according to media reports .
That 's so cute , and they handled the interruption like a pro ! — J . Long ( @ J_LongStanding ) 4 июля 2018 г .
The incident immediately prompted Twitter users to post a whole array of sarcastic remarks , with some portraying Williamson as a man who could even `` be heckled by a traffic bollard '' and others advising them against holding their iPhone on standby when at a Parliament gathering .
Anyone with common sense turns that rubbish off , especially someone in their position . Anyone could walk up to them and say `` Call Theresa '' and they 'd be put through and on the line . Pure jokes ! Gavin Williamson strikes me as a man who could be heckled by a traffic bollard . Siri is the least of their worries . — CorporateGorilla ( @ CorporateGorila ) 3 июля 2018 г. Gavin Williamson strikes me as a man who could be heckled by a traffic bollard . Siri is the least of their worries . — CorporateGorilla ( @ CorporateGorila ) 3 июля 2018 г . 3 июля 2018 г .
Does Siri get floor time too ? A vote on anything ? 😂😂 — AKA Kirran Bliss ( @ phishygirl62 ) 3 июля 2018 г .
Their Siri is a man . With an English accent . I want that ! ! ! — Twyla Burger ( @ twylaburger ) 3 июля 2018 г .
They handled that rather well . I 'm pretty sure I would have just started stuttering and turned an alarming shade of red . — Teppec ( @ Teppec ) 3 июля 2018 г .
phones should be off during parliment . It is a security risk and also a distraction from policy making which is there job . No wonder nobody gets anything done when none of them are listening ot each other @ UKParliament # Disgraceful — JamesWilliamPope ( @ JamesWPope9890 ) 3 июля 2018 г .
Is it that special relationship with the corporate US overlords interrupting British government again ? — the Flood ( @ theFlood333 ) 3 июля 2018 г .
Does Gavin Williamson get all their defence information from Siri ? Would account for them talking nonsense much of the time ! — MadSally ( @ zarosa ) 3 июля 2018 г .
Love that our Defense leaders have microphones in their pocket that transmit sound straight to Apple headquarters without their immediate awareness . — ALT Australian Department of Foreign Affairs ( @ AltDfat ) 4 июля 2018 г .
These guys off work today ? ? ? Asking for a friend ! ! ! 😂😂😂 — KW ( @ Waylon9152 ) 4 июля 2018 г .
The first time i played this on my ipad it summoned Siri — surely it should know not to react to its own speakers ? Could n't get it to happen again — Ed Gaze ( @ edgaze ) 3 июля 2018 г .
LOL ! ! So now we need to know — Who is the # UKVoiceOfSiri # WhoAreYouSeriousSiri — Mary Rose G. B . ( @ mare_se ) 3 июля 2018 г .
Erm hate to ruin the gag about Williamson 's phone , but is n't turning off Siri one of the most basic things that you do if you care about erm , cybersecurity — Laura Kuenssberg ( @ bbclaurak ) 3 июля 2018 г .
DETROIT , March 30 Toyota Motor Corp will use artificial intelligence in new research to speed up the discovery of advanced battery materials and fuel-cell catalysts to power electric and other emission-free vehicles , the company said on Thursday .
Toyota will invest around $ 35 million in its North American research arm , the Toyota Research Institute ( TRI ) and will involve collaboration with a number of U.S. academic institutions including the University of Michigan and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and British material sciences company Ilika Plc .
Automakers have been investing heavily in developing new batteries and fuel cells to increase the range of electric vehicles . China in particular is banking on the heavy use of electric vehicles in the future .
Brian Storey , the lead TRI researcher for the new program , said artificial intelligence will be used to identify new possible materials for batteries and fuel and run computer tests to narrow down the field for simulation tests by researchers .
Storey said the research will pursue a replacement for platinum as a fuel-cell catalyst .
`` We do n't have a ton of platinum on this planet and it costs a lot money , '' they said . `` Platinum is a great catalyst , but is there another compound out there that uses little platinum or no platinum at all ? '' ( Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe )
© Sputnik/ Anton Denisov First Deliveries of Ka-226 Helicopters to India Could Start This Year
–
BENGALURU ( India ) ( Sputnik ) The contract on Russia 's delivery of 48 Mi-17V-5 transport helicopters to India is expected to be signed in the coming months , state arms exporter Rosoboronexport Deputy Director General Sergey Goreslavsky said Wednesday .
`` We very much hope that this contract will be signed in the coming months , '' Goreslavsky said at a press conference .
The deputy director explained that consultations between the sides are ongoing in New Delhi on clarifying points of an offset agreement , after which the contract would be ready for signing .
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we 'll keep you up to speed !
In January , Google launched a new service called Cloud AutoML , which can automate some tricky aspects of designing machine-learning software . While working on this project , the company 's researchers sometimes needed to run as many as 800 graphics chips in unison to train their powerful algorithms .
Unlike humans , who can recognize coffee cups from seeing one or two examples , AI networks based on simulated neurons need to see tens of thousands of examples in order to identify an object . Imagine trying to learn to recognize every item in your environment that way , and you begin to understand why AI software requires so much computing power .
If researchers could design neural networks that could be trained to do certain tasks using only a handful of examples , it would “ upend the whole paradigm , ” Charles Bergan , vice president of engineering at Qualcomm , told the crowd at MIT Technology Review 's EmTech China conference earlier this week .
Related Story 50 Smartest Companies 2017 Our editors pick the 50 companies that best combine innovative technology with an effective business model .
If neural networks were to become capable of “ one-shot learning , ” Bergan said , the cumbersome process of feeding reams of data into algorithms to train them would be rendered obsolete . This could have serious consequences for the hardware industry , as both existing tech giants and startups are currently focused on developing more powerful processors designed to run today 's data-intensive AI algorithms .
It would also mean vastly more efficient machine learning . While neural networks that can be trained using small data sets are not a reality yet , research is already being done on making algorithms smaller without losing accuracy , Bill Dally , chief scientist at Nvidia , said at the conference .
Nvidia researchers use a process called network pruning to to make a neural network smaller and more efficient to run by removing the neurons that do no contribute directly to output . “ There are ways of training that can reduce the complexity of training by huge amounts , ” Dally said .
Michelle Obama is back !
The former first lady gave their first major speech since leaving office on Friday , appearing at the Kennedy Center for the School Counselor of the Year ceremony , a collaboration between the American School Counselor Association and part of Obama 's Reach Higher initiative for higher education .
Obama opened by telling the enthusiastic crowd : “ I 'm back ! This is what back looks like . ”
Obama started on a positive note , telling the audience of counselors and educators how inspired by and grateful they were to them for “ transforming the lives of young people across the country. ” But the former first lady went on to bemoan the bad behavior currently being “ modeled in public life ” that makes educators ' jobs all the more challenging .
“ Trust me , I know this work is n't easy , especially right now , ” Obama said . “ I know there 's a lot of anxiety out there . And there 's no denying our kids , what they see on TV , the kind of behavior being modeled in public life , that , yes impacts their behavior and their character . ”
“ But at times like this , the work that you all are doing is even more urgent . Even more critically important . You all have the power to teach kids what it means to go high when others go low , ” Obama continued , echoing their famous words from their 2016 speech at the Democratic National Convention .
After giving remarks , Obama presented the 2018 ASCA School Counselor of the Year award to Kirsten Perry .
RELATED VIDEO : Michelle Obama Talks Life After the White House – and Why Barack Is Mad About Their New Home
True to form , the former first lady did not mention President Trump 's name during Friday 's ceremony . But they made similar comments about the current state of American politics on The Ellen Show on Thursday , in their first televised appearance since leaving office .
Asked by a “ frightened ” Ellen DeGeneres for advice on how to cope in what they see as a “ very scary ” world right now , Obama acknowledged that some Americans are “ afraid ” about the direction of the country , and encouraged people to continue to “ love each other , to take care of each other , to show empathy ” — no matter how hard it may be at times .
“ Let 's just keep living our lives like that every single day and forget what they 're saying in Washington , ” Obama said . “ That 's not necessarily who we are . We know who we are and I know who this country is . ”
Demetrious Johnson chasing an unprecedented 11th title defense and a headline fight that could decide Conor McGregor 's next opponent top a UFC 216 card set for Saturday in Las Vegas , an event playing out in a city still reeling from a mass shooting in which 58 people were killed and nearly 500 were injured .
The mixed-martial arts promotion has pledged $ 1 million to help victims and their families , UFC President Dana White said . The pay-per-view card is one of many events that quickly resumed in Las Vegas after the shooting on Sunday , including a major casino conference , magic shows and concerts and a Los Angeles Lakers practice game set for Sunday in the same T-Mobile Arena where UFC 216 will take place .
advertisement
“ I 'd say to the people outside of Las Vegas : Do n't be afraid to come here , ” White told TMZ as they pledged the donation .
The main event will be a contest for the interim lightweight title , as second-ranked Tony Ferguson ( 22-3 ) fights seventh-ranked Kevin Lee ( 16-2 ) . Ferguson has a nine-fight win streak coming into the bout , and the winner could ultimately fight against megastar Conor McGregor to unify the belt .
Ferguson has already been arguing for that for the winner on Saturday , as McGregor mulls their return to MMA after a highly popular crossover boxing match against Floyd Mayweather in late August .
“ The real righteous thing to do is to make sure the belts become unified , ” Ferguson said . “ That 's what really needs to happen . ”
Johnson , nicknamed “ Mighty Mouse , ” is tied with MMA legend Anderson Silva with 10 consecutive title defenses , which Silva accomplished in the middleweight division . Johnson , 31 , is considered by many to be the top pound-for-pound fighter in the sport , having not lost a fight in more than six years .
They are the only flyweight champion in UFC history , winning the inaugural title against Joseph Benavidez in 2012 as the promotion expanded weight divisions . Johnson has rarely been tested during this run and is a heavy favorite facing third-ranked flyweight Ray Borg ( 11-2 ) .
The two were originally scheduled to fight at UFC 215 one month ago , but Borg fell ill shortly before the fight and withdrew . The fight was quickly rescheduled and added as the co-main event for this weekend .
“ I 'm happy the UFC got it rescheduled super-fast , ” Johnson said .
Johnson seems unfazed by the delay and said they thought Borg deserved the fight rather than a fill-in opponent on the original card .
“ I mean , guys , it 's only been four weeks and nothing 's changed . They got sick and it happens , ” Johnson said .
Borg says he 's confident even despite the delay and Johnson 's formidable streak .
“ Nothing has changed in my mind . My mind is still to go out there and win that belt , ” they said .
THE Junior Wallabies have lost 26-21 to Wales in their opening match at the under-20s World Championship in France on Thursday ( AEST ) .
Both teams scored two tries but the boot of Welshman Cai Evans proved the difference at the Stade de la Mediterranee in Beziers proved the difference .
Australia was left to rue a failure to capitalise on a wealth of possession in the second half as their semifinal aspirations took a major hit .
“ We lost the game , ” Australia captain Ryan Lonergan said .
“ We really did n't play the way we should of .
“ We played in the right areas of the field , but we could n't execute any plays or build any pressure .
“ Full credit to Wales — they are a quality outfit .
“ We were still in the match in the last play , even though we did n't play the way we wanted to .
NEW PODCAST ! Irish great Jamie Heaslip and Wallabies legend Tim Horan join the show to preview the blockbuster June series and share some ripping yarns along the way
Subscribe to the podcast on iTunes by CLICKING HERE
LIVE stream the Under-20 Rugby World Championship on FOX SPORTS . SIGN UP NOW !
“ We made a lot of errors that we should n't be making so I guess that 's a positive , but it really is back to the drawing board .
“ We need to fix those things because it 's not good enough . ”
Mack Hansen and Tate McDermott were Australia 's try scorers , with Hansen 's score a spectacular effort following a cross field kick from Bayley Kuenzle for a flying James Ramm to provide the assist .
Australia 's next game is a must win against Japan on June 3 ( 10pm AEST ) before a clash with defending champions New Zealand on June 8 ( 5am AEST ) .
In other opening round games , NZ thumped Japan 67-0 , South Africa snuck past Georgia 33-27 , Italy pipped Scotland 27-26 , England beat Argentina 39-18 and France edged Ireland 26-24 .
AT A GLANCE
Wales 26 ( Nicholas Jones , Corey Baldwin tries ; Cai Evans 4 pen , 2 con ) Australia 21 ( Mack Hansen , Tate McDermott tries ; Ryan Lonergan 3 pen , Isaac Lucas con )
New Delhi ( Sputnik ) — Among Iran 's largest oil buyers , China and Turkey have categorically refused to cut imports . However , India has been letting out mixed signals . Sputnik spoke to three of India 's top energy analysts and economists on New Delhi 's approach towards US sanctions on Iran .
The Trump administration 's strict warning to Asian buyers to stop buying Iranian crude from November this year has evoked mixed signals from India .
Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj publicly declared that India is not bound to adhere to sanctions unilaterally imposed by any country or entity other than the UN . However , according to some media reports , Indian Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan last week in a meeting with the state refiners asked them to be ready to witness drastic cuts in imports from the Islamic Republic .
Indian oil minister Pradhan : “ We know ( that ) to have a healthy energy mix , we can get oil from anywhere . The rest depends on geopolitics , and those decisions will be taken based on the situations . We will go by our interests . When we decide anything on Iran , we will inform you. ” https : //t.co/Agv6ZNX9SJ — Jeff M. Smith ( @ Cold_Peace_ ) June 28 , 2018
© AFP 2018 / PRAKASH SINGH India Not Bound to Abide by US Sanctions - Foreign Minister
Sputnik contacted three experts : Arvind Virmani , Former Chief Economic Advisor to the Government of India and former Indian representative to the International Monetary Fund , Narendra Taneja , a leading energy expert , and Amit Bhandari , an energy specialist at the foreign policy think tank Gateway House , on how India 's signals should be construed .
Sputnik : Do you see India agreeing with US sanctions and stopping oil trade with Iran ?
Arvind Virmani : Such sanctions were imposed in the past and India managed it well . India has enough experience to deal with such scenarios , even if circumstances change every now and then .
Narendra Taneja : Buying oil is a commercial activity and Indian oil importers should continue to import from Iran if ships are available from international ship-owners and oil shipments can find insurers .
© AFP 2018 / MONEY SHARMA India Moves to Use National Currency in Oil Trade With Iran Amid US Sanctions – Reports
India has already declared that it abides only by UN sanctions , and not unilateral sanctions — so , at a political level , India has made its decision clear . Following unilateral sanctions — whether those on Russia or Iran , will adversely affect India 's energy security , defense preparedness , and the overall economy . However , the global reach of the US financial system means that American sanctions make it difficult to pay for trade/imports from sanctioned entities/countries .
Secondly , trade is usually carried out by corporations — which are afraid of falling afoul of the US regulators and losing access to the global financial system — so companies will automatically cut down their trade with Iran . This is the real reason for the effectiveness of sanctions . So trade is going to suffer .
READ MORE : US a ‘ Rogue Nation ' as State-Run Chinese Media Widens Global Charm Offensive
Sputnik : Chabahar is a critical component in the New Delhi-Tehran relationship . The Trump administration is indicating that it will not take a lenient view on this investment as well . Do you see India abandoning this project in midway ?
Arvind Virmani : Chhabhar is critical to Afghanistan and important for many countries , including India . I am very hopeful that the US will be persuaded of its importance to the successful achievement of US 's own goals in Afghanistan .
Narendra Taneja : Chabahar is a strategic project for both India and Iran . For New Delhi , India 's national interests come first and should come first .
© AFP 2018 / ATTA KENARE India to Open Chabahar Port by 2019 Despite US Sanctions on Iran
The Chabahar Port already gets traffic of 8-10 ships every month , versus 1 ship/month for nearby Gwadar . Part of Afghanistan 's foreign trade is now being routed through Chabahar . If Chabahar provides Afghanistan an alternative route for its foreign trade and helps stabilize the country , it is already accomplishing its purpose . Chabahar is being developed by a Special Purpose Vehicle — India Ports Global , owned by two Indian government firms , so project development is not likely to stop — it may get delayed . However , getting any private sector investment in Chabahar — such as for a steel plant ( proposed with South Korea 's Posco ) or any other such projects are unlikely to materialize . It 's worth remembering that the area around Chabahar is the most thinly populated part of Iran and is far from the oil and gas reserves of the country — so the economic potential is limited .
READ MORE : Not a Single Asian State Will Rush to Join US Sanctions on Iran — Scholar
Sputnik : Iran has been planning to allow private firms to export crude oil to avoid US sanctions . Do you think this will work ?
Arvind Virmani : Policies which are turned on and off whenever sanctions are imposed/removed tend not to be very credible .
Narendra Taneja : Buying oil is a commercial activity that involves public as well as private players at both ends .
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the speakers and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik .
TULSA , Okla. ( AP ) - A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland , Oregon , to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa , Oklahoma , because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger .
Tulsa International Airport spokesperson Alexis Higgins says Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI .
Higgins said they did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesperson did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment .
Higgins said the aircraft was refueling shortly after 1:15 p.m. and would resume the flight to Atlanta .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
In 2007that title to most Americans not only would have frightened most of us it would have given good many of us time to save our nest eggs in a safer place . So why when then senator Obama who was telling us that the US financial markets or banks and our economy was headed for a cliff , trying every way they could to warn us . So why did our leaders at the time tell us they were lying ? They said they were just trying to scare us , they were trying to confuse us into a panic . You know at first i did try to believe or current leaders who seemed to all agree everything was just fine . It was Rush and their program I accidentally stopped to listen to one night that opened my eyes . Yea never has much to say worth listening to but it was the only station that I was receiving at the time so for a half hour I was stuck with him . They pointed out that Obama was black and that they had a lot of guts coming out in front of the American people telling us the strongest nation in the world we were about to fall off a cliff . They also pointed out that Obama method of trying to get our attentionand become our friend so we would elect them was very strange . So on any other night as soon as my truck would enter a friendly radio wave space I would turn the channel and laugh at the totally lop sided view Rush has to offer and all the people they have fooled over the years . But I guess I am not as young as I used to be and in my 55 years I have seen far too many brave people try to tell American what we should have been told by our government . But in stead they are degraded by the media and called every title one can think up to make us turn our backs on . Then somehow they always turned up dead , always either by some ghost person or a person who ends up being found to be crazy . So instead of turning to a different channel I turned off my radio driving the next 200 miles thinking `` WHY ? what would Bush , Chaney , McCain , Rush have in common and if they were not being honest what would be their gain . Then it hit me 1920 's 1930 's now how would a word change the outcome , what would it save . THEIR MONEY , that'sright in the first depression big money saved their money until property prices fell to dirt then they bought all the land they could . If the US dollar falls and even worst if next week we earn yen or pounds instead of Us dollars then all their money would be nothing , but if they convert it into land into homes into factories or farms . No matter who uses their new land will have to pay them in what ever currency or exchange rate we convert to . The rich do not want an even playing field . So lye to the people do not invest in their current company do not hire save the money then after people walk from their investments wait for the actions no one buys offer the lowest price like .01 cent on the dollar and scoop all they can before the market returns to health . The Rush show is just that just like over a century ago the Warren Wells show `` The War of The World '' they both were meant to entertain , ONLY they should never be taken seriously .
IF Turkey wants to contribute to the Cyprus peace talks , it will not create any problems in the Republic of Cyprus ' exclusive economic zone , because it knows what the reaction will be , government spokesperson Nicos Christodoulides said on Tuesday .
Commenting on state radio on the Turkish referendum , Christodoulides said that , as far as the government is concerned , the ideal scenario would be for stability to prevail in Turkey , so that “ the conditions are created for serious and bold decisions on the Cyprus problem ” .
“ Evaluating the referendum result is an ongoing process , ” the spokesperson said .
“ For us , what is important is that substantive talks between the two leaders start on Thursday . The agenda will include governance , the economy , and European Union-related issues . ”
Qualifying their assertion that “ decisions will be made in Ankara ” , Christodoulides said the issue of four freedoms for Turkish citizens came up at the international conference on Cyprus in Geneva .
“ There , [ Turkish foreign minister Mr Mevlut ] Cavusoglu referred to the four freedoms for Turkish nationals in the context of a solution to the Cyprus problem , in the presence of over 30 people , ” they said .
“ The issue has since been tabled by the Turkish Cypriot side , too . The ‘ equal treatment ' of Greek and Turkish nationals amounts to the same thing – it just sounds better . ”
With regard to the Turkish Cypriot side 's demand for ‘ effective participation ' in every decision-making body , the government spokesperson said that “ if the goal is to create a federal state where every decision will be made on an ethnic basis , we might as well stop trying ” .
“ The demand for at least one Turkish Cypriot vote to ratify any decision is interpreted as the right to a veto , ” Christodoulides said .
“ We know a veto right on every decision , whether ethnicity-related or not , will not work . For instance , the Securities and Exchange Commission makes a certain type of decisions . Could these decisions ever be made on an ethnic basis ? Some government bodies could feature a Turkish Cypriot majority , others an equal number of members – this is not the point . The point is what kind of viability criteria we set for the new state of affairs . ”
On the Turkish Cypriot community 's perspective of the Turkish referendum , Christodoulides said both communities should “ consider ” the result and “ where Turkey is heading ” .
The majority of the Turkish Cypriot community voted against the constitutional amendments proposed by the Turkish government , but the so-called prime minister of the breakaway regime , Tahsin Ertugruloglu , said in a statement on Tuesday that the result “ can be an example to the TRNC and kickstart the debate on changing its system of governance to a presidential one ” .
“ In the new era , the relations between the TRNC and the motherland , Turkey , will grow even closer and stronger in all areas , ” they said .
But the Turkish Cypriot teachers ' union Ktos went the other way , saying the ‘ Yes ' vote in the plebiscite “ brought Turkey back 200 years , culturally and institutionally ” .
“ No one who feels Cypriot and has the Cypriot identity can feel connected , culturally and historically , to today 's theocratic , dictatorial Turkey , ” secretary-general Besim Baysal said .
“ We will organise , we will resist , we will not abandon ourselves , our children , democracy , peace , and freedom . ”
NetOne is optimistic its OneMoney , a recently launched mobile money service , will fare much better than its predecessor OneWallet . The mobile network operator hopes to broaden its value-added services . This week , Zimbabwe Independent business reporter Tinashe Kairiza ( TK ) interviewed NetOne MD Brian Mutandiro . Below are excerpts :
TK : This year you launched a number of initiatives cutting across from mobile money to insurance and , from the look of it , NetOne is literally becoming the face of mobile services . Can you give an insight into the drivers behind these initiatives and the future of NetOne ?
BM : The market is evolving and requires the company to be innovative and offer customers a diversified product offering that cuts across all their needs through one platform . In line with our tagline — The World In One — which is the key driver in our vision to provide sustainable communications solutions delivered with an edge , NetOne will continue to explore value-added services that will enhance the unique experiences of our customers and offer them an array of services through the mobile phone and at the click of a button . NetOne belongs to the people hence our products are affordable .
TK : You recently launched OneMoney which replaced OneWallet . How certain are you that you will make it riding on this platform given the failure of its predecessor OneWallet ?
BM : As NetOne we have confidence that OneMoney will be indeed more successful than its predecessor OneWallet owing to our investment in a robust and highly scalable system that has been used successfully within the region i.e . The M-Pesa product . This platform is more stable and has the capacity to support high volumes of transactions seamlessly , therefore we are optimistic that OneMoney , coupled with its affordable tariffs , will not only carve a dent in the market , but is a solution that offers our customers value for their money . The usage has already increased and thousands of people are registering .
TK : Last year you indicated that plans were on course to launch a mobile money international platform in October . Give us an update on this and the challenges that have resulted in the delay of this product .
BM : As with any new initiative , it is prudent to test it on the local market first and harness its full potential locally before spreading our wings beyond our borders , whilst at the same time conducting the necessary due diligence in the targeted international markets to ensure that all critical issues , e.g . aligning to the various laws and compliance issues within the respective countries are finalised before extending our product internationally , so we are currently concentrating at home .
TK : There has been talk by government encouraging mobile telecommunications players to share infrastructure , does NetOne have any appetite for this initiative ?
BM : In any industry you must abide by regulators hence we have no problem with that . NetOne has embraced this initiative and we have already made inroads towards this through synergies with other telecoms players and will continue to explore other areas of synergy moving forward .
TK : You recently slashed service tariffs . In light of this new development , do you think NetOne will remain competitive or will incur losses in the long run ?
BM : We will remain competitive , our tariffs , along with other costs will continue to be reviewed in order to balance the need to offer affordable packages to our customers , whilst creating sustainable value for our stakeholders and driving business continuity .
TK : What is your outlook in terms of your subscriber base growth ?
BM : As NetOne , growth in subscribers remains a critical focus area for us as we are yet to reach market saturation , and there are so many untapped opportunities which will come from unlocking underserved areas . Zimbabweans are migrating to our network and we are confident this will continue to rise exponentially .
TK : Do you have plans to launch new products in the short-term ?
BM : We have launched a significant number of products over the past few months , and will continue to analyse the market for areas which we can plug , new trends etc , which will inform new product development as well as the enhancement of existing products . As I said during the beginning of the year , there is more to come — watch the space .
TK : Is NetOne in a position to meet the licensing regulations set by the regulator , particularly the licensing fee ?
BM : NetOne takes regulatory issues seriously ; therefore we will work towards complying with the requirements .
TK : What is your general comment on the mobile industry in Zimbabwe in light of the current economic situation ?
BM : Generally , the mobile penetration in Zimbabwe has greatly improved over the years and the market at large has embraced mobile technology as well as its value-added services , which trend we should continue to see moving forward . Data usage has increased and One Fusion has played a significant role to this .
TK : There has been fierce competition in the sector among various service providers . Would you say the competition has been fair and healthy , and do you think that the regulator has done enough to ensure a level playing field ?
BM : The regulator is doing well in creating a level playing field . We are happy that there is healthy completion as this encourages value addition through innovation and in the end it is the customer who benefits .
Fact File : Brian Mutandiro
— An economist by profession ;
— Been the acting chief executive officer for NetOne since March 2016 ;
— Was appointed NetOne 's chief operating officer in early 2016 ;
— Appointed managing director of Almin Metal Industries in 2012 ;
— In 2006 they were the managing director of Chemco Holdings ;
— In 2004 , they were the business director of Delta Corporation ( soft drinks division )
— Became strategic managing director of Innscor Africa ( franchising division ) ;
— Appointed managing director of Innscor Africa ( franchising division ) 2002 ;
— Planning manager for Coca-Cola Central Africa in 1996 ; and
— Appointed chief exectuive officer of the Postal and Telecommunications Corporation in 1999 .
ROME , March 30 The Vatican urged U.S. President Donald Trump to listen to `` dissenting voices '' and reconsider their position on climate change on Thursday , saying the United States risked being supplanted by China as leader in environmental protection .
Pope Francis has made defence of the environment a key plank of their papacy , strongly backing scientific opinion that global warming is caused mostly by human activity .
`` This is a challenge for us , '' said Cardinal Peter Turkson , the pope 's point man for the environmental , immigration and development , when asked about Trump 's executive order dismantling Obama-era climate change regulations and their immigration policies .
`` Fortunately , in the United States , there are dissenting voices , people who are against Trump 's positions , '' said Turkson , who is from Ghana and was one of the driving forces behind the pope 's 2015 encyclical letter on environmental protection .
`` This , for us , is a sign that little by little , other positions and political voices will emerge and so we hope that Trump themselves will reconsider some of their decisions , '' Turkson told reporters at a breakfast meeting .
The pope and the Vatican , which has diplomatic relations with more than 180 countries and a permanent observer status at the United Nations , have strongly backed the international Paris Agreement in 2015 to curb world temperatures .
`` We as a Church , are full of hope that ( Trump 's positions ) will change , '' Turkson said .
After Trump signed their executive order on Tuesday , keeping a campaign promise to bolster the U.S. coal industry , nations led by China and the European Union rallied to support the Paris accord , which Trump has threatened to abandon .
China , which had fought attempts by foreign governments to limit carbon emissions in the past , has become a strong proponent of efforts to halt global warming .
`` While Trump is moving in the opposite direction , there is another great power in the world , China , which is showing different signs , as if America is creating a vacuum that China is filling , '' Turkson said .
They said the Vatican hoped that positions by China , which is investing heavily in the export of clean energy products such as solar panels and wind turbines , `` would provoke a re-consideration of the positions of some countries , in this case the United States . ''
The Vatican was also `` very worried '' that the U.S. budget , released on March 16 , increased military spending at the expense of environmental protection , diplomacy and foreign aid , they added . ( Reporting By Philip Pullella ; Editing by Vin Shahrestani )
A young boy was rushed to Hasbro Children 's Hospital on Wednesday after falling from a third story porch on Wood Avenue in Woonsocket .
Police say the boy was 8 years old .
`` I heard a big loud noise so I looked out the window when I heard the noise and I see a kid on the floor with blood coming out of their head , ” said Laura Rivera .
Rivera tells ABC 6 they immediately jumped into action calling 911 and instructing the boy not to move .
`` I put my hand on their chest . I did n't know where to hold them and I just said do n't worry hunn you 're ok , you got some bruises and some scratches but everything 's gon na be ok , ” said Rivera .
The boy 's Aunt shaken the accident . Telling us they never thought anything like this could happen .
Witnesses say it was very quick .
Rivera explains their understanding is that the boy did slow their fall slightly when they hit the second story on their way to the ground .
`` He hit it so it kind of slowed their fall and then they held on to the wires for a little bit but they could n't hang for too long , they let go and they came down head first , ” said Rivera .
We 're told the boy was conscious and alert .
Police are now investigating whether the fall was due to a faulty railing .
`` He was talking but they were swollen . They had a lot of scratches on their face . I never thought I would see something like that , ” said Rivera .
The City of Woonsocket building inspector was contacted .
The case remains under investigation .
( C ) WLNE 2017
Goleta Beach Park is a treasured asset in the Goleta community . Major decisions are being made at the Santa Barbara County level about the future of our beloved park .
A new program , called Goleta Beach 2.0 , is being considered by the county and would include action items that Friends of Goleta Beach Park and the Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce are opposed to , including :
» Removal of150 parking spots ( 20 percent of all spaces at the park ) on the west end
» Removal of all the rock revetments on the west end in a process known as “ managed retreat ”
» Moving all underground utility lines landward of the existing bike path
» Moving the west-end restrooms once the first major winter storm penetrates landward that would put such in harm 's way , knowing that there is no protection from the existing rock revetment
The reason for these actions is that our county supervisors have assumed that future sea-level rise coupled with major storm surges will eventually put most of our park underwater . They are therefore ready to adopt a new concept called “ managed retreat , ” which essentially says that the sea should prevail and landward structures and assets should not be protected but moved inland .
What 's next ?
The Goleta City Council is not the decision-maker on this program , but it has an important role to play in communicating to the county the importance of this recreational beach to our Goleta community . The City Council is holding a hearing at 6 p.m. July 16 to hear from the county about the county 's plans for the park .
The council should hear from you , as well . Please let your City Council members know by phone or email or by personally attending the July 16 meeting to say you want to save Goleta Beach Park and that you are not in favor of “ managed retreat ” that is included in Goleta Beach 2.0 .
How can we make an impact at the county level ? We need to send our message to the county to reject Goleta Beach 2.0 but consider recommendation in the Alternative No . 2 in the DEIR . Alternative No . 2 would permit the existing buried rocks for 10 years and experiment with different eco-friendly alternative revetment measures at locations not currently protected on the west side . A DEIR public hearing is scheduled for 5 p.m. July 23 at the county Planning Hearing Room at the County Administration Building , 105 E. Anapamu St. in Santa Barbara .
Letters and emails also should be submitted to :
Alex Tuttle
Planning Department , County of Santa Barbara ,
123 E. Anapamu St .
Santa Barbara 93101-2058
. ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address )
Supervisor Janet Wolf , Second District
105 E. Anapamu St .
Santa Barbara 93101
. ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address )
The DEIR public hearing is July 23 at 5:00 , at the County Planning Hearing Room . Let the county know that you want to save Goleta Beach Park and you are not in favor of “ managed retreat ” that is included in Goleta Beach 2.0 .
For more information , email Michael Rattray at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or Ed de la Torre at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
Click here for more information on Friends of Goleta Beach Park .
— Michael Rattray represents Friends of Goleta Beach Park .
Download Trading Post Classified Form CLICK HERE
Studio Line 9AM – 10AM : 620-792-2479
FOR SALE : 2 1969 CHEVY PU 1/2 TON , 3/4 TON , 2 CREAM CANS . WANTED : BIAS PLY TRACTOR TIRES . 785-650-1175
FOR SALE : GOOSE DECOY 'S , DUCK DECOY 'S & CRANE DECOY 'S . 617-7908
WANTED : OLDER RV/CAMPER/PULL TYPE 25′ TRAILER , BUMPER PULL . 640-7432
FOR SALE : GO CART W/EXTRA TIRES , ELECTRIC RANGE , 2 WHEEL Trailers . 639-2038
WANTED : TREADMILL . 377-7043
FOR SALE : FARM FRESH EGGS , COCKATIEL MALE . 617-4311
FOR SALE : 2 FILE CABINETS , 4-1 RADIO , 2 7-1/4″ SKIL SAWS . 786-1945
WANTED : WASHER . 282-8412
FOR SALE : 1993 JEEP WRANGLER SIERRA W/EXTRAS , DAYTON DRILL PRESS , GORILLA LADDER . 793-0979
FOR SALE : AMANA WASHER . 617-1328
WANTED : STORAGE SHED 10X12 OR BIGGER , LARGE ROUND GRASS BALES . 617-3944
FOR SALE : 15 DOZEN CANNING JARS . 566-7472
FOR SALE : GUTTER COVERS 100′ 282-1712
FOR SALE : LARGE GREEN HOUSE 28'X22′ W/NEW COVER , 785-731-1127
FOR SALE : 2005 CHEVY DURAMAX 3/4 TON 4WD , 2 POLARIS 500 4 WHEELERS , 2003 OLDSMOBILE ALERO . 617-8267
FOR SALE : 5TH WHEEL CAMPER . 617-8267
FOR SALE : 2 PICNIC TABLES . 797-1692
FOR SALE : 40 GALLON GAS HOT WATER HEATER , 2 MATCHING RECLINERS , FOOTSTOOL . 282-7708
FOR SALE : FERRET CAGE ( 2 Stories ) 3'X2'X5′ ON CASTERS . 527-4417 OR 285-9303
FOR SALE : CHILD 'S TABLE & CHAIRS , 3 INTERCOM SYSTEMS , 2 COCKATIELS . 617-3505
FOR SALE : 10-12 HUNTING VEST VARIOUS SIZES . 785-227-5347
FOR SALE : PELLET STOVE , HONEY . 792-9414
FOR SALE : CHRISTMAS PRECIOUS MOMENTS , SUGAR TOWN PRECIOUS MOMENTS , 6″ CAST IRON SKILLET . 786-6996
FOR SALE : QUEEN SIZE COMFORTER/SHAMS/BED RUFFLE , SEIKO WALL CLOCK . 653-4189
WANTED : TIRES E 205/75/15 639-4670
FOR SALE : LADIES SAS SHOES 8-1/2M , WOMEN 'S ANKLE BOOTS 9 DK BRWN , JOHN DEERE WALL CLOCK/ITEMS . 639-2361
FOR SALE : TOOLS , ROLLATOR WALKER . 603-3907
TRADING POST CLASSIFIED :
MOVED AND HAVE DOWNSIZED SALE . LOCATED : 5933 HEMLOCK , STARTS TOMORROW MORNING AT 8AM SMALL KITCHEN APPLIANCES , FURNITURE , , HOUSEHOLD & DECORATING ITEMS , BICYCLE , CABINETS , NEW CABINET HARDWARE . ALSO , TEEN CLOTHING , CHIMNEY PIPE & FLASHING , WEED EATER , MOWER , ANTIQUE SECRETARY , HAND TOOLS , SHOVELS , AND A LARGE AMOUNT OF MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS . INSIDE SALE .
GOLDEN BELT HUMANE SOCIETY/ADOPT A PET WILL BE AT ORSCHELN 'S TOMORROW FROM 10AM UNTIL 2PM . WALKING TACOS , HAMBURGERS , HOT DOGS , BRATS ( CHOICE OF MEAT ) CHIPS , COOKIES AND BOTTLED WATER WILL BE SOLD FOR $ 6.00 . MANY DOGS WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR ADOPTION . IF YOU CA N'T “ ADOPT ” THEN PLEASE HELP US FILL THE TRUCK BY DONATING ITEMS SUCH AS ; DRY PUPPY & KITTEN FOOD , PAPER TOWELS , NON CLUMPING CAT LITTER , BLEACH , BOTTLED WATER , CAT TOYS , LARGE DRAWSTING TRASH BAGS , PRINTER PAPER , DAWN DISH SOAP AND PLEASE REMEMBER ADOPT DO N'T SHOP . PLEASE ASK ABOUT THE SPECIALS GOING ON RIGHT NOW REGARDING : SPAYING , NEUTER , SHOTS ETC .
SACRED HEART PARISH ( 12TH & STATE IN LARNED ) WILL BE SPONSORING AN ABC SALE . ( ANYTHING BUT CLOTHES SALE ) . THE SALE STARTS TOMORROW FROM 2PM UNTIL 7PM AND SATURDAY FROM 7AM UNTIL NOON AND WILL BE HELD ST THE SACRED HEART PARISH CENTER . VARIOUS HOUSEHOLD AND MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS WILL BE AVAILABLE . MOST ITEMS ARE “ TAKE WHAT YOU WANT AND PAY WHAT YOU THINK ITS WORTH UNLESS OTHEREWISE MARKED . PROCEEDS FROM THE SALE BENEFIT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE ALTAR SOCIETY .
GARAGE SALE : THE LOCATION : 39 NW 48 RD GREAT BEND ( NORTH ON WASHINGTON , TURN LEFT AND LOOK FOR THE SIGNS ) . THE SALE STARTS FRIDAY AT 4:00PM UNTIL 7PM AND SATURDAY FROM 7AM UNTIL NOON . SELLING : TORO ZERO TURN RIDING MOWER , PILATES REFORMER , TRAEGER GRILL , DIRT BIKE , MICROWAVE , MINI FRIDGE , Harley-Davidson GEAR , SPORTS EQUIPMENT , GARDENING SUPPLIES , FURNITURE , ANTIQUES & REFURBISHED TREASURES , DESIGNER CLOTHING FOR ALL AGES , BABY CLOTHING , HOME DÉCOR , KITCHENWARE , BOOKS FOR ALL AGES . THIS IS A CASH ONLY SALE .
THANK YOU FOR LISTENING & HAVE A GREAT WEEK-END .
No Injuries From A Bryan School Bus Crash
A Bryan school district bus was involved in a crash after school Friday afternoon .
Bryan police report the northbound bus on Washington stopped at MLK , then proceeded into the intersection and struck the back side quarter panel of another vehicle .
No one was injured , including three children in the bus .
The bus driver was ticketed for failing to yield the right of way .
Thirteen inmates including journalists Erdoğan Alayumat and Serkan Erdoğan from the Dicle news agency ( Dihaber ) ... Read More »
San Francisco : Researchers at security company , Lookout , have identified a family of malware , referred to as 'SonicSpy ' on Google Play Store , that can remotely control infected Android smartphones , the media reported .
The samples of 'SonicSpy ' most recently found on the Play Store , called 'Soniac ' , is marketed as a messaging app , the researchers said on Sunday . It has infected more than 1,000 additional apps hosted at third-party Android app stores .
The malware gives attackers control over the device and allows them to silently record audio , make calls , retrieve call logs , contacts and take photographs , the company said in a blogpost .
While 'Soniac ' does provide this functionality through a customised version of the communications app 'Telegram ' , it also contains malicious capabilities that provide an attacker with significant control over a target device . The infected applications that entered Google Play Store are 'Troy Chat ' , 'Hulk Messenger ' and 'Soniac Messenger ' . The company said the analysed samples contained similarities to 'SpyNote ' , a malware family that was first reported in 2016 . Using Android applications to spread malware is becoming common these days . A new batch of spyware named 'Lipizzan ' that could capture users ' text messages , voice calls , location data and photos was discovered and blocked by Google in July . Google , in a blog post , said it discovered a new family of Android spyware while investigating another spyware named 'Chrysaor ' . 'Lipizzan ' spyware was capapable of performing tasks that include taking screenshots , taking pictures with the device camera , recording from the device 's microphone , call recording and location monitoring .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
People wanted to celebrate their success , but they could n't enjoy it .
“ I did n't feel that I deserved it , ” they said . “ I felt like it was kind of luck that I won the medal . I did n't give myself enough credit for the work that I had done . ”
Them mind was already on the future .
“ How do you top this ? Where do you go from here ? ” Howell , then just 19 years old , kept asking herself . “ That was my goal , to go to the Olympics and win , and then it just all spiralled downhill quickly . ”
Mattice , meanwhile , followed through on their aspirations and is now a promising slopestyle skier competing at the Ontario level .
Seeing Howell struggling , Mattice and their family suggested they try switching to the boy 's coaches .
“ I thought it would be cool if Dara could work with my coaches . . . they help you focus and do what you want to do , ” said Mattice , who turns 14 on Christmas .
Geoff Lovelace and Sian Llewellyn run Agenda Freeski , a high-performance team based out of Barrie , Ont. , that helps young skiers — from age 8 to teens — develop for competition . On paper , they 're a long way removed from the national coaches who led Canada 's freestyle skiers to a basketful of medals at the last Olympics .
But they were just what Howell needed .
“ They 're up and coming , they 're passionate . . . and they sparked everything again , ” Howell said .
“ Toben ( Sutherland ) and J-F ( Cusson ) , I 'm not going to lie , I struggled with them post-Olympics , just like they struggled with me , ” Howell said of Canada 's slopestyle coaches .
They needed a fresh start with coaches , both still in their 20s , who could figure out a way for boost their confidence and skills . It 's easier to build confidence in a low-pressure training environment , something the national team — focused on results to secure quota spots for the next Olympics — ca n't really provide .
Young Kyle Mattice spoke from the heart at a Huntsville , Ont. , rally to celebrate Dara Howell 's Olympic gold in 2014 : `` You are truly my hero , Dara . ''
Howell 's jumping , helped by years of figure skating , has always been terrific . She 's such a natural athlete that their mother always thought she 'd go to the Olympics . They just had no idea which sport .
Howell is also calm on their skis , especially when landing off jumps — a skill honed through years of racing . That adds to their cool style , which judges like . But jumps only make up half the slopestyle course . Rails — which athletes jump , slide and spin on and off — from the other half , and that did not come naturally .
“ They 've been something I 'm kind of scared of , ” Howell said .
Them solution was to stick to a basic , safe run on the rails and rely on jumps to wow the judges . But the women 's field has progressed since Sochi , and far more was expected on rails by the time they returned to the sport .
Early on , Howell had n't really learned to grind rails in both directions ( a skier 's natural and unnatural side ) so trying harder tricks in this new environment , where both were expected , was like tackling advanced calculus without basic math skills . In April , Howell and their new coaches headed to Axis Freestyle , an indoor ski and snowboard training park in Vaughan , to work on it . Lovelace took them back to the very beginning , focusing on balance and developing their unnatural direction .
Axis is an interesting facility with a dry slope that looks like a plastic shag carpet that athletes can ski down to hit rails as they would on snow . Unlike an outdoor ski hill where it takes a chair lift to get back to the top for another run , athletes pop off their skis and walk back to the top in just a few seconds . That meant Howell could do 50 to 100 rail runs in a two-hour session .
“ It was brutal , it was awful , it was hard , ” Howell said , recalling their first few weeks there . “ It was n't coming naturally like I wanted . I had to put in the time , I had to put in the work and , eventually , I did start to see progress in my rails . ”
Renewed confidence led to success .
“ Once they figured out how to balance both directions then all of a sudden every week there 'd be a new trick , ” Lovelace said .
And with success came joy .
“ Walking up and skiing down this little indoor carpet thing for hours and hours could not be fun , but it ended up being a blast , ” Howell said .
Lovelace and Llewellyn were hired to develop their rail game , but they knew it was just as important for them to reconnect with their love of skiing .
“ You do n't start skiing to win a gold medal . The very first reason is because you love to do it , and that 's what me and Sian have tried to bring back into it . . . you need to enjoy the process , ” Lovelace said .
After soaring to slopestyle gold in Sochi , Huntsville 's Dara Howell wound up switching coaches to get back on track after years of self-doubt .
Howell still has a lot of work to do to just to qualify for the strong Canadian Olympic freestyle team by the end of January let alone be in a podium position at the 2018 Pyeongchang Olympics .
But everyone , including Canadian slopestyle coach Cusson , agrees she 's back on the right track .
“ She stayed out of the ski industry for two , almost three , years and they lost their touch on snow , so it was hard for them to come back skiing with us and have fun again because they could n't do what they used to , ” Cusson said of Howell 's struggles over the last two seasons .
They saw a different skier in August , when they returned to training with the team in New Zealand . At a World Cup competition there , Howell showed what she 'd accomplished when they qualified with a high score for the final .
“ She 's totally back and she 's got new tricks that are absolutely amazing , and I think we 're going to see some magic again in Korea , ” Cusson said . “ She 's hungry . They want it . ”
But she 's not the only thing that 's changed . The sport has , too .
“ Yuki ( Tsubota ) and I were the oldest in finals in New Zealand and we 're 23 , ” Howell said .
The skiers on the podium at that event : two 15-year-olds and a 19-year-old .
It 's a fast-moving sport that can make an athlete feel old at 23 . But for the first time since Sochi , Howell feels like they can make it to the top of the sport again .
“ If you 'd asked me in April , I 'd have said I 'm really far behind . Now , I 'm in the hunt for a podium position , ” they said . “ Does that sound really confident ? ”
Howell 's big test comes at the Dew Tour event starting Thursday in Breckenridge , Colo . It 's a major competition in its own right , and reaching the podium there would be a significant step toward where they really wants to be : the Olympics .
“ I 'm excited about where I 'm going . I do n't know what 's going to happen , but why not try ? ”
Toronto Star
U.S. District Court Reinstates Viskase 's Damage Award Case
Viskase Companies , Inc. ( Chicago , IL ) announced yesterday that the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois , Eastern Division , has granted Viskase Corp. 's motion to reinstate the $ 102.4 million damage award in the case of Viskase Corp. vs. American National Can ( ANC ) .
On November 8 , 1966 , a jury found that ANC 's use of Dow Chemical Company 's `` Affinity '' brand polyethylene resin infringed Viskase 's patents relating to heat shrinkable films for fresh meat , processed meat and poultry applications . The court earlier found that ANC 's use of Dow Chemical Company 's `` Attane '' brand polyethylene resin in heat shrinkable films infringed Viskase 's patents . The jury found that such infringements were willful and awarded Viskase $ 102.4 million in damages .
In September 1997 , the court ordered a retrial on the issues of whether ANC 's use of Dow Chemical Company 's `` Affinity '' brand polyethylene plastic resin infringed Viskase 's patents . On August 19 , 1998 , the court granted Viskase 's motion for partial summary judgment finding that ANC 's use of Dow Chemical Company 's `` Affinity '' brand polyethylene plastic resin shrinkable films did infringe the company 's patents .
In the court 's decision reinstating the damage award , it stated , `` I agree that there is no longer any necessity to retry the question of damages . ''
JAKARTA Indonesia 's government has proposed issuing a decree to govern the domestic tobacco industry , a move that could sharply raise cigarette output in the world 's fourth-most populous nation , after a bill outlining the changes was opposed by the health ministry and anti-smoking groups .
The latest proposal was mooted at a meeting 10 days ago between the trade minister , the law minister and senior parliamentarians , two people who attended told Reuters on condition of anonymity . The government has not given details of the meeting .
Government officials have proposed a ministerial decree as an alternative to the draft law , Oke Nurwan , director-general of foreign trade at the trade ministry , told Reuters , although they did not specify when the proposal was made .
Teten Masduki , the chief of staff for President Joko Widodo , declined to comment on the meeting and the proposal for a tobacco decree .
Indonesia is one of the world 's top producers of tobacco and has one of the heaviest rates of smoking in the world . Late last year , the country 's powerful parliament proposed a draft law covering production , distribution and excise taxes of tobacco , which it claimed would safeguard millions of jobs in the industry .
Among other provisions , the bill stipulated that manufacturers of tobacco products had to use locally sourced tobacco for at least 80 percent of production , while imports of ready-to-use cigarettes may be subject to an excise tax of 200 percent .
The country 's tobacco industry contributes almost 10 percent to government revenues through taxes .
The plan sparked an outcry from health groups and infighting between ministries . Critics say the proposal would sharply increase production of tobacco and most would be absorbed by local cigarette manufacturers , who would step up production .
The decree , proposed as a compromise , covers the absorption of local production , the setting of prices for farmers and some import restrictions , officials said . Compared to a law , it will give the government some discretion on implementation .
But it made no mention of the 200 percent excise tax on imported ready-to-use cigarettes laid out in the bill .
NO AGREEMENT YET
Parliament and the government have not yet reached an agreement on the decree , said Firman Subagyo , the parliament member who initiated the bill and who comes from Indonesia 's second-biggest party , Golkar .
Health Minister Nila Moeloek , who strongly opposed the tobacco bill , was a notable absentee from the March 20 meeting .
Asked why the health minister did not attend the meeting , Law Minister Yasonna Laoly said : `` All the perspectives from all the ministries have been represented . ''
A health ministry spokesperson reiterated the minister 's opposition to the bill on Wednesday , but declined further comment on the meeting and the proposed ministerial decree .
Indonesia is the world 's fourth-biggest cigarette producer and is also a fast-growing market for major companies including Phillip Morris-controlled PT Hanjaya Mandala Sampoerna Tbk , Djarum Group and PT Gudang Garam Tbk .
Nearly two-thirds of men are smokers in Indonesia , a country of 250 million people where an average packet of cigarettes costs less than $ 2 .
The country produced 269.2 billion cigarette sticks in 2015 , a jump of 43.5 percent from 2010 , according to data from research firm Euromonitor International . The market was last valued at 231.3 trillion rupiah ( $ 17.3 billion ) .
Anti-tobacco activist Julius Ibrani criticized the government 's latest proposal to issue the ministerial decree , saying that health concerns have not been adequately represented in the discussions .
`` Whether it 's a ministerial decree or a law , at the end of the day it will apply to society , '' Ibrani said . `` The problem is with the substance . ''
( Additional reporting by Bernadette Christina Munthe , Gayatri Suroyo and Jakarta Newsroom ; Editing by Ed Davies and Raju Gopalakrishnan )
Nastia Liukin was thrilled to show their strength during an episode of American Ninja Warrior — and to shut down their skinny shamers .
The gymnast has five Olympic medals to their name , but she 's still constantly criticized on social media for their slim body type . So after their epic performance on the NBC show , Liukin , 28 , spoke out about the body shaming .
“ Throughout my career ( and even more so now ) I 've been criticized for being ‘ too skinny ' or been told to ‘ go eat a burger ' — trust me I love myself a good burger and fries — so agreeing to do something that required so much physically strength was daunting , especially in front of millions watching on TV , ” they wrote on Instagram . “ But I took this challenge upon myself and never doubted myself once . ”
Liukin said that they were a little apprehensive about the strength competition because of their more graceful athletic style .
“ This challenge was a true test for me not only physically but more so mentally , ” they wrote . “ I 'll be the first to admit when I agreed to do this I was VERY nervous — especially when everyone kept telling me how gymnasts typically do on this show… but I was never a ‘ typical ' gymnast . I excelled more on the artistic , grace and flexibility side of gymnastics . I was NEVER known for my strength . ”
But not only did Liukin push past their fears and prove they had serious muscles , they raised money for Red Nose Day while learning an important lesson .
“ Raising $ 30,000 for children all [ over ] the world is something that truly touched my heart , ” they said . “ I also learned a lot from this day , but most importantly , never ever doubt your capability in any challenge life might throw your way . ”
Nastia Liukin Tyler Golden/NBC/Getty
Liukin has been open in the past about dealing with body-shaming , and while some people say she 's too thin now , they were actually criticized for gaining weight after the 2008 Olympics .
“ People remembered me as this petite blond gymnast in a leotard , and then I go through the normal body changes and people are like , ‘ Oh my God . You 're so fat , ' ” Liukin said in February . “ I had almost this identity crisis , ” they said . “ I lost all my self-confidence … I did n't want to go to events or to dinner or do anything because I was so insecure with myself and my body because of what other people were saying . ”
Liukin has since learned to ignore the critics .
“ It 's important to be happy from within , ” Liukin said . “ Do n't focus on what other people want you to look like or to be or to work on or to say . If I 'm happy with my body , and I know that I 'm healthy , I need to stop worrying about everybody else . Happiness is strength . ”
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
A protestor shouts at cops with a bullhorn on Wilshire Boulevard , outside the Federal Building in Westwood , Calif. , as DACA supporters square off with LAPD on deadline day for DACA renewals Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 . ( John McCoy/Los Angeles Daily News via A
Tens of thousands of young people eligible for renewed protection from deportation had yet to submit their applications hours before a Trump administration deadline Thursday night . The administration was finalizing details of an immigration wish list that could jeopardize a long-term fix .
Under a phase-out plan announced by the president last month , more than 150,000 young people covered by the Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program whose permits were set to expire before March 5 were given the chance to submit renewals — provided they arrive by Oct. 5 .
Trump gave Congress six months to come up with a legislative replacement for the program . It shielded from deportation hundreds of thousands of young people , many of whom were brought into the U.S. illegally as children , and allowed them to work legally in the country .
While final numbers would n't be available until next week , DHS spokesperson David Lapan said that about 118,000 of the roughly 154,000 people eligible for renewals had submitted their applications by mid-day Thursday . That left 36,000 — or about 23 percent of those eligible — outstanding . Facilities processing applications were prepared to accept courier deliveries until midnight , they said .
The deadline approached as the Trump administration finalized the details of a set of immigration principles that could upend efforts to come up with a permanent fix for DACA recipients , often known as `` Dreamers . ''
According to people familiar with ongoing discussions , the principles were expected to include elements of proposed legislation that would dramatically reduce legal immigration rates and overhaul the green card system to prevent extended family members , including siblings and adult children , from joining permanent residents in the U.S .
The White House was expected to endorse principles of the Davis-Oliver bill , which aims to give local law enforcement officials the power to enforce immigration laws and allow states to write their own immigration legislation . The White House was also expected to call for billions of dollars in funding for border security , more immigrant detention beds and immigration judges .
It remained unclear whether the principles , which were expected to be announced in the coming days , would serve as a broad immigration wish-list or specific demands the White House expected in exchange for signing DACA legislation .
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders declined to discuss specifics Thursday , but back in mid-September they said the list would likely include demanding an end to so-called sanctuary cities that refuse to share information with federal immigration authorities , funding for more immigration judges , and `` supporting things like the RAISE Act '' limiting legal immigration .
But Ali Noorani , the executive director of the immigration advocacy group National Immigration Forum , said that , if those expectations held true , there was little chance for a DACA deal .
`` If the president winds up tying these elements to the DREAM Act , '' they said , Trump would wind up responsible `` for deporting 800,000 young people , which pretty much nobody wants except Stephen Miller , '' Trump 's hard-line senior policy adviser , who was working on the principles .
Immigration advocates spent weeks trying to publicize Thursday 's DACA deadline . Earlier this week , dozens of DACA recipients traveled to Washington to try to pressure members of Congress to vote on the Dream Act , which would provide an eventual path to citizenship .
Sen. David Perdue , R-Ga. , one of the authors of the RAISE Act , said , `` Democrats really want a fix on DACA , and we really want a fix on the immigration system . ''
`` This is a landmark opportunity to fix the DACA problem and once and for all fix the vagaries of this immigration system that really does n't work , '' they said .
But Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Ariz. , who has introduced their own immigration legislation , said it was unlikely the Senate would accept a proposal slashing legal immigration , noting that any DACA legislation will have to attract Democratic support .
`` With the deadline we have with DACA , I think it 's unrealistic to think we can do broader immigration reform like that , '' they said . `` I do n't see that happening . ''
A giant funnel 72 kilometers long and 55 kilometers wide , the Yellowstone Supervolcano , is located on the territory of the federal park of the same name in the US state of Wyoming . The origin of this volcano still remains a subject of heated scientific debate .
Researchers Peter Nelson and Stephen Grand at the University of Texas Seismic have carried out a seismic analysis of the Yellowstone Supervolcano which confirmed that the volcano contains a powerful plume — a vertical stream of magma rising rapidly from the depths of the Earth 's mantle , according to the journal Nature Geoscience .
`` The Yellowstone hotspot , located in North America , is an intraplate source of magmatism , the cause of which is hotly debated . Some argue that a deep mantle plume sourced at the base of the mantle supplies the heat beneath Yellowstone , whereas others claim shallower subduction or lithospheric-related processes can explain the anomalous magmatism , '' the researchers said .
They explained that due to the high speed of their movement and high temperature , the plumes can sometimes pierce through the thick and cold rocks of the continental crust and emerge on the surface of the planet , causing the most powerful volcanic eruptions .
READ MORE : Scientists Undecided Whether Yellowstone Supervolcano 'Will Destroy Mankind '
Using data from EarthScope 's USArray , the scientists managed to discover `` a long , thin , sloping zone within the mantle through which seismic waves travel more slowly—and which may indicate the presence of unusually warm material . ''
Its properties and dimensions unequivocally indicate that it was generated by a plume whose temperature was higher than that of the surrounding rocks by about 600-850 degrees Celsius , according to the researchers .
READ MORE : Breathe Easy : Expert Says Yellowstone Supervolcano is Unlikely to Erupt Soon
Grand and Nelson expressed hope that further observations of plume behavior will help scientists understand in advance when the Yellowstone Supervolcano may wake up ahead of a possible eruption .
The Yellowstone Supervolcano , which is a giant funnel 72 kilometers long and 55 kilometers wide , is located on the territory of Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming . The volcano has erupted more than once in the past million years .
University of Bath-based Eilidh Doyle and Emily Diamond helped Great Britain end the 2017 IAAF World Championships on a memorable note as they won silver in the women 's 4x400m relay on the last night of competition .
British Athletics team captain Doyle , coached by Brian Doyle at the Sports Training Village , built on the excellent work of Zoey Clark and Laviai Nielsen in the first two legs to hand the baton over to Diamond in second place .
The United States were able to maintain their lead and take another global gold but , roared on by another capacity crowd in the London Stadium , Diamond ran superbly to bring Britain home in 3:25 flat .
Poland took bronze after medal contenders Jamaica pulled up on the second leg .
( Image : Andy Lyons/Getty Images for IAAF )
It was a step up on the bronze that Doyle and Diamond won in the Rio 2016 Olympic Games and , along with a third-placed finish for the men 's 4x400m quartet in the last race of the night , helped Britain achieve their pre-championships target of six medals .
Doyle said : “ It was a really great ending to what has been a great championship . We knew we were capable of getting a medal but it was going to be tough , so to go out there and win silver was just incredible .
“ I did n't even realise that Jamaica had pulled up , Laviai was the only one to clock it as it was on their leg .
`` You are so focused on being in the right position and doing your job that it was only when Emily crossed the line that I was working out where everybody else was . ”
( Image : Patrick Smith/Getty Images )
The British captain added : “ I am so proud of this team , we have done a really good job . We have made our medal target but we have also had some excellent results .
`` I urge people to look at the bigger picture and how many athletes have finished higher than they were ranked going into the championships . ”
Diamond , coached remotely by Jared Deacon at the university , was thrilled to be back on the podium and believes the British quartet will keep improving .
“ It 's amazing to do a lap of honour anyway but to do it in front of a home crowd is incredible , ” they said .
“ Last year was such an out of the blue experience , I would never have expected to go to Rio at the start of the year and get a medal .
`` This year , with it being in front of a home crowd , we came in maybe with slightly different expectations .
( Image : Richard Heathcote/Getty Images )
`` I think we are getting so much more confident and we noticed in the heats that we were closing the gaps on the Americans .
`` We just need to believe in ourselves a bit more – yes they are phenomenal athletes but we are all great athletes as well and we just need to have that faith in ourselves . ”
Earlier in the evening , University of Bath sports performance graduate Danny Talbot and their GB 4x100m relay team-mates received their gold medals to rapturous applause from another sell-out crowd .
Talbot , CJ Ujah , Adam Gemili and Nathaneel Mitchell-Blake had run the third-fastest time in history to claim Britain 's first-ever sprint relay gold medal in sensational style .
As it Faces Elimination in Trump 's Budget , Here 's What the Chemical Safety Board Does
And why its $ 11 million budget is a bargain .
Better than most people , Katherine Rodriguez knows the value of the Chemical Safety Board , and the danger that workers , families , and communities could face if President Trump 's budget proposal to eliminate its minuscule $ 11 million annual budget is approved by Congress .
They watched their father , Ray Gonzalez , die from an accident that could have been prevented . In September 2004 , Gonzalez and two co-workers were doing routine maintenance near a pump at what was then BP 's Texas City refinery . A seal on the pump ruptured , spraying the three men with 500-degree water and steam . All three suffered serious burns . One of the workers , Maurice Moore , died the next day . Gonzalez , who had worked as a pipefitter at the refinery for 33 years , sustained burns on over 80 percent of their body . For more than two months , they underwent painful daily skin cleanings and had several skin graft surgeries . They died after spending their thirty-fifth wedding anniversary in a hospital burn unit .
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration investigated the accident and cited BP for eight violations of workplace safety rules . In a year that the oil giant earned $ 17 billion , it paid a fine of $ 102,500 .
Six months after the accident that killed Moore and Gonzalez , a major explosion ripped through the heart of the refinery , killing 15 people and severely injuring more than 170 others . This time , the CSB investigated , and its findings went far beyond those of BP 's internal investigation or even the panel formed by former Secretary of State James Baker .
“ What the CSB found is that there 's not just one thing that happened , it 's an overall safety culture problem , ” says Rodriguez , a bank accountant who frequently testifies on behalf of families who have lost loved ones in workplace accidents . “ We would never have known that if the CSB had n't gone in to take a closer look . ”
The CSB provides a distinctly different function than OSHA . OSHA looks for violations of specific workplace safety regulations and issues fines if it finds them . The CSB is n't a regulator . It has a different purpose . Patterned after the National Transportation Safety Board and its procedures for investigating plane crashes , the CSB does n't have enforcement powers and it ca n't levy fines . Its mission is to find the root cause of accidents . It looks not just at what happened , but why it happened .
In the Texas City case , one of its recommendations called for boards of directors to monitor process safety at chemical plants and refineries with the same scrutiny they give financial performance , a change that many companies , including BP , have adopted . It also examines the regulators . Its investigation of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster cited the lack oversight by federal regulators as one of the contributing factors of the accident .
Given the large number of chemical plants and refineries in Texas—one of the highest concentrations in the country—the CSB plays a critical role in improving safety in the state , which even the industry recognizes . “ I do n't think anyone in the industry wants to see the Chemical Safety Board be abolished , ” Stephen Brown , a vice president with San Antonio refiner Tesoro Corp. , told Bloomberg News recently .
Tesoro has first-hand experience with the CSB . An explosion and fire at its Anacortes , Washington , refinery , which killed seven workers , was the subject of a 2014 CSB investigation . The board issued a warning to the industry that long-term exposure to hydrogen at high temperatures poses a previously unrecognized danger to metal . In Tesoro 's case , the problem , known as a high-temperature hydrogen attack , caused a 40-year-old heat exchanger to rupture .
Not all companies support the CSB , of course . During the CSB 's Deepwater Horizon investigation , rig owner Transocean challenged the CSB 's authority of the government investigators , though the board ultimately prevailed .
As a safety proponent , the CSB 's efforts go beyond the refinery fence . It investigated the 2013 fertilizer plan explosion in West that killed 15 people , most of the first responders , and wiped out hundreds of homes . Its findings underscored the need for emergency planners to have more information about facilities that store fertilizer and other potentially explosive chemicals . “ It 's the entire surrounding community that 's affected by incidents these plants , ” Rodriguez says .
Disruptions to gasoline distribution from a 2015 explosion at an ExxonMobil refinery in Torrance , California—the subject of a current CSB investigation—caused California motorists to pay $ 2.4 billion in higher gasoline prices in the six months after the blast , a Rand Corp. study found . “ As an accountant , when you look at the cost benefit , [ Trump 's budget proposal ] just does n't make sense , ” Rodriguez says .
The CSB , though , is an easy target for the budget ax . Its greatest value is accident prevention , and it 's impossible to document accidents that do n't happen . The more it succeeds—if accident rates decline—the more obsolete its appears .
But as CSB Chair Vanessa Allen Sutherland noted , “ the absence of an accident is not a measurement of safety. ” For that reason , Rodriguez says they hope Texas lawmakers fight to restore the CSB 's funding as the budget moves through Congress . “ When you look at that $ 11 million , compare it to the billions lost in a catastrophic event—and the thing you ca n't put a price on , human life , ” they say .
The Swedish prime minister has addressed anti-semitic sentiments growing in the country amid the recent US decision on Jerusalem , which caused a negative reaction of Muslims worldwide .
`` I am outraged by the attack on the synagogue in Gothenburg yesterday and that violence against Jews was incited at a demonstration in Malmo . There is no place for anti-Semitism in Swedish society . The perpetrators must be held to account . All democratic forces must now work together to build a tolerant and open society in which everyone feels safe , '' Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven in a statement on Sunday , commenting on the recent attack on a synagogue in the city of Gothenburg and an anti-Jewish rally in the city of Malmo .
On Saturday , a group of masked people firebombed a synagogue in Sweden 's second-largest city , Gothenburg . No people have been injured in the incident and the fire was quickly extinguished . On the same day , Malmo , Sweden 's third biggest city , witnessed an anti-Semitic rally . The Jewish Agency for Israel spokesperson Avi Mayer expressed on Sunday their concern over the events in Sweden .
READ MORE : Jewish Agency for Israel Alarmed Over Growing Anti-Semitic Sentiment in Sweden
The recent anti-Jewish sentiments in Sweden intensified three days after the announcement of the US decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and relocate the US embassy from Tel Aviv , which prompted a negative reaction of Muslims worldwide .
On December 10 , President Emmanuel Macron urged Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to negotiate with the Palestinians on the controversial US decision , after Israel 's top official had urged the Palestinians to agree that Jerusalem is the capital of the Jewish state , claiming that the sooner they `` come to grips with this reality , '' the faster the sides would move toward a peace settlement .
READ MORE : Netanyahu Calls on Palestinians to Agree Jerusalem is 'Israel 's Capital '
The international community believes that the status of East Jerusalem , a holy site for three religions , should be determined based on an agreement with the Palestinians , who seek to create their own state with the capital in the Holy City .
Machine learning software from OpenAI has beaten one of the world 's best players at the video game Dota 2 . Elon Musk , who co-founded OpenAI , says that it is the `` first ever … defeat [ of the ] world 's best players in competitive e-sports . '' The Verge reports that Danylo Ishutin , the human player who got beaten , found the AI `` a little like [ a ] human , but a little like something else '' to play against .
OpenAI 's software mastered the game , which requires players to defend a base from their opponents , by playing a copy of itself . “ We did n't hard-code in any strategy , we did n't have it learn from human experts , just from the very beginning , it just keeps playing against a copy of itself , ” explains OpenAI researcher Jakub Pachoki in a video . “ It starts from complete randomness and then it makes very small improvements , and eventually it 's just pro level . ”
It 's an impressive feat , not least because Dota 2 requires making decisions based on imperfect information , unlike games such as Go or chess . But it 's not all good news . Some players have reported that they beat the algorithm after studying its play , and at any rate the AI can only play one-on-one , which is far simpler than regular five-on-five battles that require extensive collaboration . According to TechCrunch , OpenAI says that the five-player game is on its list of problems to crack .
RABAT/ALGIERS Morocco and Algeria summoned each other 's ambassadors and traded accusations on Sunday after Rabat charged Algerian authorities had allowed 54 Syrians to `` illegally enter '' Morocco to stir tensions on their mutual border .
The North African neighbours often exchange diplomatic barbs and share a 1,500-km ( 970-mile ) land frontier - shut since 1994 after disputes over security - that runs from the Mediterranean Sea to the Sahara Desert .
Morocco said the Syrians attempted to enter Morocco through the border town of Figuig , an area surrounded by mountains , between April 17 and 19 . It accused Algeria of forcing them to cross into Morocco .
`` Algeria must assume political responsibility and morality concerning this situation , '' a government statement on MAP state news agency said .
`` It is immoral and unethical to manipulate the moral and physical distress of these people , ( and ) to sow trouble in the Morocco-Algerian border . ''
But Algeria 's foreign ministry called in the Moroccan envoy to Algiers later to reject the accusations , saying Moroccan officials had tried to dispatch a group of Syrians over the border from Morocco into Algeria .
`` He was given a categorical denial of the false allegations , and it was shown they were totally unfounded and aimed at harming Algeria , '' the statement on APS state news agency said .
Some 5,000 Syrians have gone through a migration regulatory process in Morocco , with several hundred receiving refugee status , according to Morocco 's ministry of foreign affairs .
Morocco and Algeria have had a contentious relationship since independence from France . Border disputes triggered an armed conflict in the 1960s known as the `` Sand War '' .
One of their biggest disputes has been over Western Sahara , a former Spanish colony , most of which Morocco annexed in 1975 . Algeria supports and hosts the Western Saharan independence movement Polisario , a stance that angers Morocco .
( Reporting by Samia Errazzkoui and Patrick Markey ; Editing by Dale Hudson )
What started as just a coat closet five years ago has now grown into a huge resource for students at Crossroads Elementary .
By : News Staff
Email : news @ abc6.com
Twitter : @ ABC6
SCITUATE , R.I. ( WLNE ) — It is beginning to look and sound a lot like Christmas in Scituate .
After sitting idle for decades , the bell in the tower at the Old Congregational Church has been restored just in time for the holidays .
Crews used a large crane to hoist the refurbished 800 pound bell back into the tower .
“ We will ring in the holidays with this bell . Our church bell , ” said Scituate Town Council President , John Mahoney .
President Mahoney says a recent walk through of the town owned property , which dates back to the 1830s prompted the special project .
“ I actually wanted to ring the bell . Lo and behold , it was non-functional . The bell has n't run in decades , ” said Mahoney .
That just would not do . Working with the organizers of the Scituate Art Festival , which raises funds to maintain the church . Mahoney made the case that the bell needed to be heard again and wanted it ready by Christmas .
“ He pulled it off and It 's going to be awesome to hear it ring again , and to hear it ring regularly , ” said Scituate Town Council Vice President , Michael Payette .
A few updates have bee made this time around , though . For example , instead of being rung manually , the bell will now be handled remotely .
However , Mahoney says the history of the church remains in tact .
“ Inside that bell tower , up inside the steeple there are the names of all the people who worked on that bell , dating back to 1840 , 1830 . Of course , our names are now in that bell tower . It was an amazing process . It was a pleasure and an honor to be a part of this , ” said Mahoney .
The council allotted $ 25,000 for the project , which at this time , appears to be under budget and ahead of schedule .
Now , there is still a little bit of fine tuning left to do , but if everything goes according to plan , the bell could be ringing by the end of the week .
Jingle bells ! The bell atop the Old Conngregational Church on Greenville Rd in Scituate is back in action just in time for Christmas ! @ ABC6 pic.twitter.com/MG0rvHYDYB — Melissa Randall ( @ MRandallABC6 ) December 11 , 2017
©WLNE-TV /ABC6 2017
LONDON Chelsea top scorer Diego Costa believes the Premier League leaders can effectively end Manchester City 's title hopes when the two sides meet at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday .
The alternative scenario , that fourth-placed City could win and help Tottenham Hotspur close the gap at the top to four points , does not bear thinking about for the Spain international .
The hosts are seven points clear of Spurs , and 11 ahead of City , who drew 2-2 at Arsenal on Sunday after twice taking the lead .
But Saturday 's surprise 2-1 home defeat to lowly Crystal Palace has revived hopes elsewhere that Chelsea could be vulnerable .
That first home defeat since September was also a wake-up call for Antonio Conte 's side , who have looked title certainties .
`` Now is not the time to let ourselves down , '' Costa , who has scored 17 league goals this season but only four since Christmas , told ESPN Brazil .
`` We should keep our heads up and think ahead for the next game since it will be very important .
`` This game against City will be a six-point affair since if we win ... they will ( effectively ) be out of the title race while we keep the advantage . ''
Both sides will be looking back to last year for comfort , with Chelsea winning 3-1 at the Etihad in December while City won 3-0 at Stamford Bridge last April against an off-form home side with very little to play for .
Sergio Aguero scored a hat-trick then and was also on the scoresheet against Arsenal , with manager Pep Guardiola staying hopeful .
`` We know what we have to do against Chelsea . We head back to Manchester to prepare and then back down to London , '' said the Spaniard , whose side have lost only one of their last six Premier League games in London .
Chelsea hope to have wing-back Victor Moses back in action after a calf injury ruled them out at the weekend .
Spurs , still without injured striker Harry Kane , can put more pressure on Chelsea when they travel to relegation-threatened Swansea City , who have never beaten them in the Premier League and are now a point above the drop zone .
Third-placed Liverpool are at home to Bournemouth while sixth-placed Arsenal , with a top four place now looking a long shot , entertain West Ham United .
Manchester United , two points clear of Arsenal in fifth , host Everton on Tuesday and have top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic available again after suspension .
At the bottom , Sunderland has a tough trip to resurgent champions Leicester City on Tuesday while last but one Middlesbrough have a basement battle against Hull City , who are one place above but four points clear , on Wednesday .
Palace travel to Southampton on Wednesday as Sam Allardyce 's team seek to edge closer to safety with a fifth successive victory .
( Reporting by Alan Baldwin , editing by Neil Robinson )
© REUTERS/ Ismail Coskun/Ihlas News Agency Istanbul Nightclub Attack Perpetrator Killed - Reports
In this statement , Daesh claimed that the perpetrator of the attack was its `` soldier . ''
On Sunday , 39 people were killed , including 16 foreigners , and 69 injured in the gun attack in an Istanbul nightclub Reina .
The nightclub is located on Istanbul 's European side . Witnesses said that the attacker , who was reportedly speaking Arabic , opened fire from a Kalashnikov assault rifle .
The manhunt is currently underway .
It was reported earlier that the Turkish police has arrested and interrogated 63 Daesh militants in different Turkish cities on December 28-31 . They obtained information about a possible involvement of a citizen of Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan in the attack .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Emergency officials say a pilot has been found and is being transported to the hospital after a plane crash south of Marshall .
About 11 a.m. , crews responded to a location off of Highway 59 , south of Marshall in response to a crash .
According to an official with the Marshall Fire Department , the pilot was located and found with a severe laceration to their head . They are walking of their own power and being transported to a hospital .
Harrison County and Panola County officials also responded to the crash , which occurred near the Harrison-Panola county borderline .
DPS says the pilot reported to emergency officials that they had crashed their small plane while checking pipelines .
Details are limited at this time . KLTV has a crew en route to the scene and will bring you updates as we learn more .
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
Strike leaders said they were demanding an increase in incentives , provision of adequate insurance policies and shorter working hours .
“ These companies are cheating us . They do not pay us on time and expect us to work like slaves , ” said Jatindra Singh , a senior member of the New Delhi Taxi Union . Singh said 35 unions representing nearly 4,000 drivers were backing the strike .
Both Uber and Ola faced disruptions , with their apps showing “ No Cars Available ” when attempts were made to book a ride near Connaught Place , in Delhi 's city centre , around midday on Monday ( 13/02 ) .
“ We 're sorry that our service has been disrupted and for any inconvenience this has caused , ” an Uber spokesperson said in a statement .
“ Serving riders , drivers and cities is core to our mission and we are working hard to ensure that drivers are able to get back behind the wheel and riders can get from A to B conveniently , reliably and safely . ”
Ola did not respond to requests for comment .
San Francisco-based Uber has focused on India as its most promising market outside the United States since it merged its Chinese operation into market leader Didi last year . It operates in 28 Indian cities and has 200,000 active drivers .
Homegrown rival Ola calls itself India 's most popular mobile app for transportation . It is present in 102 cities and offers rides in 450,000 vehicles .
The ride-hailing players face resistance from traditional , unionized taxi services and three-wheeler auto rickshaws , whose standard fares they are undercutting . Both taxi drivers and private “ driver partners ” often use both platforms to solicit rides .
Delhi 's Transport Minister Satyendar Jain ordered an increase in the frequency of bus services to help commuters get to work , and planned to meet the striking drivers on Tuesday in a bid to end the dispute .
“ I am going to hear all the sides and then we will set new rules soon , ” they told Reuters .
THE CANADIAN PRESS
SAINT JOHN , N.B . -- A New Brunswick lighthouse almost as old as Confederation has been destroyed by a fire .
The Saint John fire department says it was notified of the blaze at the lighthouse on the St. John River in the city 's Green Bay area around 10 p.m. Tuesday .
Division chief Mark Wilson says the site is remote and required firefighters to trek into the woods on foot with their gear for a couple kilometres .
They say by the time officials arrived on scene , the lighthouse had collapsed .
Wilson says the cause of the fire is under investigation .
The website lighthousefriends.com says the Swift Point lighthouse -- also known as the Green Bay lighthouse -- was one of six beacons erected in 1869 along the St. John River between Fredericton and Saint John .
SEATTLE — The Seattle City Council on Monday unanimously approved a $ 1 million legal defense fund for immigrants and refugees who live or work in the city . The King County Council passed $ 750,000 for similar legislation .
President Donald Trump 's executive orders “ will dramatically increase the number of people seeking legal representation in courts , ” according to the Seattle City Council 's website , and “ immigrants & refugees have no legal right to representation in immigration court . ”
The sponsors of the ordinance , council members Lorena Gonzalez and Tim Burgess , said that nearly 1 in 5 residents in Seattle is foreign-born , and that the Seattle area is among the 20 U.S. metropolitan areas with the largest populations of undocumented immigrants .
The King Council Council on Monday also approved a $ 750,000 fund to support key immigrant and refugee serving organizations throughout the county .
According to the county council , the funds will be distributed in three main areas :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
0 Kim Kardashian visits White House to discuss prison reform , case of Memphis woman
Kim Kardashian visited the White House to discuss prison reform – including a prisoner with ties to Memphis . The reality TV star will meet with several advisors , including Jared Kushner .
In the past , Kardashian has advocated for Alice Marie Johnson to be pardoned . Today is the 63-year-old 's birthday .
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) May 30 , 2018
Johnson is serving live without parole for a first-time nonviolent drug offense , according to family members via a Change.org petition .
The petition to grant clemency to Johnson has more than 264,000 signatures .
Family members said the mother of four lost their job and panicked while trying to find work .
“ I could n't find a job fast enough to take care of my family . I felt like a failure , ” Johnson said in an except posted to the petition . “ I went to a complete panic and out of desperation I made one of the worst decisions of my life to make some quick money . I became involved in a drug conspiracy . ”
Trending stories :
Johnson was born in Olive Branch but moved to Memphis at 24 years old . They were charged with conspiracy to possess cocaine , attempted possession of cocaine , and money laundering , according to a profile on CandoClemency.com .
They were sentenced to life in prison in 1996 .
Alice Marie Johnson 's case caught the attention of Kim Kardashian , who has been advocating to Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner for President Donald Trump to consider them for clemency , according to the Change.org petition .
President Trump tweeted Wednesday evening that they did meet with Kim about prison reform and sentencing .
Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing . pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Scroll for more content ...
Ever wanted to eat your way through Italy ? Yes , of course you have . Here 's how you can . And here 's what else you need to know to . Here 's what else you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door . ( You can also get `` 5 Things You Need to Know Today '' delivered to your inbox daily . Sign up here . )
1 . Mexico presidential election
The third time was the charm for Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador . The leftist politician , known by their initials AMLO , is estimated to have received more than 53 % of the vote in Mexico 's presidential election . He 'd run for the office twice before , but this year voters -- tired of years of violence and corruption -- decided he 's their man .
Now comes the hard part :
The man who presented themselves as an agent of change has to contend with President Trump 's threats to pull out of NAFTA and their calls for a border wall . Lopez Obrador -- who 's pushed back against the wall in a book they wrote called `` Oye Trump '' ( `` Listen Trump '' ) -- promised to forge a new relationship with the US , rooted in `` mutual respect . ''
They said migration should be done by choice not necessity , and promised to strengthen Mexico 's `` internal market '' so residents are n't compelled to leave .
And he 's promised to tackle Mexico 's all-time high homicide rate .
( He said they would lower the salaries of top officials and promised to sell the presidential planes and turn the presidential palace into a public park . )
2 . Immigration protests
People from coast-to-coast hit the streets to protest President Trump 's immigration policies over the weekend . The nationwide `` Families Belong Together '' marches and demonstrations were aimed at ending Trump 's `` zero tolerance '' policy on undocumented immigrants that 's left more than 2,000 children separated from their parents . Here are the top moments from the protests .
3 . North Korea
Doubts continue to grow that North Korea is getting rid of its nukes . New satellite images , taken by a San Francisco-based company , suggest the North is actually expanding a key ballistic missile manufacturing site in Hamhung , North Korea . That flies in the face of President Trump 's declaration , after their summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , that the nuclear threat from the North was over . Meanwhile , White House National Security Adviser John Bolton says the US has a one-year plan for the North to denuclearize .
4 . Idaho stabbings
Police say a man attacked people at a 3-year-old 's birthday party in Boise , Idaho , over the weekend -- stabbing nine people , including six kids . There were initial concerns that the incident was a hate crime because the apartment complex where the party was held housed refugees . But police now say the suspect , who was charged with nine counts of aggravated battery , wanted revenge for being kicked out of the complex .
5 . New laws
The month of July brings the nation a slew of new laws : The minimum wage is now $ 15 per hour in San Francisco . Plastic straws are banned in Seattle . You have to be at least 18 to be able to get married in Florida . Uber and Lyft drivers face tighter alcohol rules in California . And elementary school kids get more recess time in Virginia .
BREAKFAST BROWSE
People are talking about these . Read up . Join in .
Lebron 's a Laker
Yes , King James taking their talents to La La Land is big news , but the bigger news is that he 'll be joined by meme-worthy nemesis Lance Stephenson .
Cruelest cut
Who calls the police on a kid for cutting grass ? Neighbors in Cleveland do . The resulting outrage sparked an uptick in biz for the 12-year-old entrepreneur .
World Cup , part 1
What 's more shocking ? That teams led by superstars like Ronaldo and Messi are out , or that host Russia ( the lowest-seeded team in the competition ) is still in it ?
World Cup , part 2
The World Cup played to packed stadiums Saturday . That 's nice , says Atlanta , which just happened to have the largest soccer crowd of the day .
QUOTE OF THE DAY
`` We will never be the same as we were , now that Rebecca , Wendi , John , Gerald and Rob are gone . ''
The staff of the Capital Gazette , thanking readers in an open letter for their support after five staffers were killed in a mass shooting last week
NUMBER OF THE DAY
$ 12.5 billion
The value of new tariffs that Canada 's slapping on US goods , in retaliation for US steel and aluminum tariffs
AND FINALLY
Bark worse than their bite
Superbolt the dog is having just a wee bit of trouble learning how to bark on command . ( Click to view )
BOONVILLE — Coming down to the last few weeks of the regular season , baseball teams are looking for wins now more than ever . In the Mountain Valley Athletic Conference , things are heating up between the top teams .
On Friday night , Starmount ( 9-11 , 7-5 ) hosted East Wilkes ( 10-10 , 8-4 ) in a conference battle . The Rams were looking for a vital win to pull back within one game of the second place Cardinals in the MVAC standings . Starmount put down a hard hitting performance in the third inning to take a 4-2 win over East Wilkes .
Things started out in East Wilkes ' favor , as the Cardinals were able to score a run in the first inning . Sean Sidden put down a single for their first at-bat . Jared Wood stepped up to the plate , and as Wood was facing pitches Sidden stole second and third . With a runner on third and one out , Bryce Vestal stepped up to the plate for East Wilkes . On a 3-0 count , Vestal saw a wild pitch which brought Sidden home for another stolen base and the first run of the night . The Cardinal were able to head into the bottom of the first inning with a 1-0 lead over Starmount .
Starmount was able to advance two runners on base with one out , but East Wilkes held the Rams on base as Vestal put down two strikeouts . As the game went on , both teams came up big defensively to keep the score 1-0 in East Wilkes ' favor .
In the bottom of the third inning , the tide shifted towards the Starmount Rams . With one out , Trey Dezern was walked to put a runner on base . Peyton Mullins stepped up to the plate , and on a 1-0 count they sent the ball sailing over the left field fence for a two-run home run . The Rams kept up its momentum as the inning went on . Patrick Usher was able to score the third run for the Rams , while Brock Mullins was able to score the fourth run . At the end of the third inning , Starmount had a 4-1 lead over East Wilkes .
The Cardinals picked up one run in the top of the fifth , as Vestal scored off of a Zach Lovette hit . East Wilkes cut Starmount 's lead in half , but the Cardinals were unable to pick up any additional runs . As the final inning took place , Starmount was able to hang on to take a 4-2 MVAC win over East Wilkes .
With the win , Starmount is tied for third place with Wilkes Central ( 7-5 ) . The Rams will host North Wilkes ( 6-6 ) on Wednesday night in Boonville . East Wilkes will travel to Wilkes Central on Wednesday night for another important conference game . The Cardinals will be looking for a win to stay in second place in the MVAC .
Patrick Usher had 12 strikeouts for the Starmount Rams on Friday night . https : //www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC_0330.jpg Patrick Usher had 12 strikeouts for the Starmount Rams on Friday night . Kristian Russell | The Tribune
MEXICO CITY , April 6 Mexico 's biggest retailer , Wal-Mart de Mexico , said on Thursday sales at its Mexican stores that have been open at least a year rose 4.7 percent in March compared to the same month last year .
YouTube will now add a label to videos that come from state-funded media outlets , the Google-owned company announced on Friday .
Scroll for more content ...
A notice will appear under the videos for any outlets that received some level of government or public funding . It will also include a link to the Wikipedia article about that broadcaster for viewers to glean more information about the news source .
`` News is an important and growing vertical for us and we want to be sure to get it right , helping to grow news and support news publishers on YouTube in a responsible way , '' Geoff Samek , senior product manager for YouTube News wrote in a blog post published on Friday . `` This work follows a series of changes we made throughout 2017 to better surface authoritative news content . ''
Company spokespeople said some labels will appear as soon as Friday , but added that the initiative is still new and developing .
In an example on the YouTube blog , a video from Radio Free Asia -- which is funded by the US ' agency , the Broadcasting Board of Governors -- includes a note with an information symbol under the video but right above the title . `` RFA is funded in whole or in part by the American government , '' it states .
Other outlets affected include PBS and the Russian-funded network , RT .
Spokespeople for YouTube said they consulted with third-party groups to draw up the list of outlets that will receive the label . It 's not clear yet whether videos from certain shows such as Sesame Street , which airs on PBS , will also be labeled on YouTube .
The spokespeople also defended its decision to direct users to Wikipedia articles about the various broadcasters . Though Wikipedia articles can be edited by anyone , the spokespeople said they trust Wikipedia 's editors to present an aggregate of information about the various outlets and their funding .
YouTube , along with other internet and social media companies , have faced increasing criticism over the past year for how they selectively filter content that comes from questionable sources , and those that promote propaganda or conspiracy theories .
A spokesperson for PBS pushed back YouTube 's latest move , saying labeling `` PBS a 'publicly funded broadcaster ' is both vague and misleading . ''
`` PBS receives a small percentage of its funding from the federal government ; the majority of funding comes from private donations , '' the spokesperson said . `` More importantly , PBS is an independent , private , not-for-profit corporation , not a state broadcaster . YouTube 's proposed labeling could wrongly imply that the government has influence over PBS content , which is prohibited by statute . If YouTube 's intent is to create clarity and better understanding , this is a step in the wrong direction . We are in ongoing discussions with YouTube on this issue , but we have yet to reach a satisfactory solution . ''
For RT , which has 2.2 million subscribers on its YouTube channel , the label is the latest in a series of obstacles the network faces in the United States as concerns grow over Russia 's meddling in American politics .
In November , the Department of Justice forced RT to register as a foreign agent after the broadcaster was singled out in a intelligence community report issued early last year about Russia 's attempts to influence the 2016 US election .
RT furiously protested DOJ 's decision and in retaliation , Russian President Vladimir Putin signed amendments into law , passed by the Russian parliament in November , that will list foreign media outlets in Russia as `` foreign agents , '' which could open foreign media outlets up to harsh audits and possible closure . Russian officials also sent letters to news organizations in Russia that are backed by the US government , warning them of possible `` restrictions . ''
RT did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment .
Part of Russia 's new restrictions might include labeling content from American government-funded outlets like Radio Free Europe , Radio Liberty and Current Time television as coming from a `` foreign agent . ''
The BBG did not immediately respond to a request for comment regarding the new YouTube label .
After marveling at the lede of this new Washington Post bombshell – Mueller investigating Trump for obstruction of justice – I went back and read the whole piece again . You would think that news would be enough for a single piece . But when you read it all the way through the picture it paints is actually considerably more dire .
One key point is that Mueller did not start this obstruction investigation . According to the Post , that probe began “ days after Comey was fired on May 9… ” Mueller was appointed on May 17th . Reading the Post piece closely , I do not think it explicitly says that the probe began prior to the 17th . But the wording and logic of the piece strongly suggests that is the case .
One key point I draw from this is that it was clear to people at the DOJ and FBI almost from the beginning that this was a potential case of obstruction of justice . That makes me consider who then was in place to make such a decision . Once James Comey was fired , the acting Director of the FBI was Andrew McCabe , who remains in that role . If my surmise about the chronology is correct , Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein remained in charge of the Russia probe . Thus I think they would have been acting in Attorney General Sessions ' stead to make the decision to authorize such a probe .
This last point is n't crystal clear to me since this would not necessarily have been considered part of the Russia investigation . In any case , you do not begin such an investigation of a sitting President except at the very highest level . That decision apparently came quickly . We can note here that soon after Comey 's firing Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein made statements suggesting that they may have been a witness to something that could be construed as a crime . If my memory serves , McCabe did as well . They are the two logical people to have signed off on an investigation at that point .
What were they going on ?
Remember , President Trump gave their interview to Lester Holt two days after the firing on May 11th . It was in that interview that Trump said this : “ [ Rosenstein ] had made a recommendation . But regardless of recommendation , I was going to fire Comey knowing there was no good time to do it . And in fact , when I decided to just do it , I said to myself — I said , you know , this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story . It 's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should 've won . ”
Reading through this article , contemplating that the President less than five months in office is already being investigated for obstruction of justice , what is so mind-boggling is that the case is n't even really a said , they said dispute . How do we know the President fired Comey because of the Russia investigation ? They said so on national television ! And they said something similar the day before , on May 10th , only this time in a private setting .
On May 19th , the Times reported a White House memorandum summarizing Sergei Lavrov 's meeting with President Trump in the Oval Office . In that meeting President Trump said “ I just fired the head of the F.B.I . They were crazy , a real nut job . I faced great pressure because of Russia . That 's taken off . ”
This meeting was on May 10th , the day after Comey 's dismissal . The memorandum was likely written later that day . In other words , almost immediately after firing Comey , within the following two days , President Trump made at least two statements in which they essentially admitted or more like boasted about firing Comey with the specific goal of impeding or ending the Russia probe . There are various and highly significant complexities tied to the unique role of the President . They are the only person in the country who can , arguably , obstruct an investigation by exercising their statutory right to fire a member of the executive branch . But on its face , this is essentially admitting to obstruction .
It will be interesting to see whether either or both of these admissions played into the decision to launch a probe and precisely who authorized it . In any case , Robert Mueller has now subsumed it into their broader mandate and purview .
The additional detail about this part of the Russia investigation writ large is that Mueller appears to see this potential obstruction of justice as either including Trump 's requests to DNI Coats and NSA chief Rodgers or in some way evidenced by what they asked these two men to do . The article also says preliminary interviews suggest Mueller 's team is “ actively pursuing potential witnesses inside and outside the government . ”
What does this mean ?
Here 's one guess . We know that President Trump has a number of close friends who they call frequently to shoot the shit , rant or just unwind . Newsmax owner Chris Ruddy seems to be one of these . There appear to be plenty more . We can see that Trump was far from discreet in sharing their thinking and motivation about firing Comey . They literally said it in a nationally televised TV interview and in a conversation with the Russian foreign minister . We also know that they spent the previous weekend at their Bedminster golf club stewing in their anger at Comey and finally deciding it was time to fire him . Given all this , it seems close to impossible that Trump did n't stream of consciousness with many of their sundry associates and toadies about what they were planning to do and why .
Those people are all now witnesses .
The one additional part of the WaPo article is broad and vague but in its own way represents the most peril for the President and their entourage . At one point the article reads : “ Mueller is overseeing a host of investigations involving people who are or were in Trump 's orbit , people familiar with the probe said . The investigation is examining possible contacts with Russian operatives as well as any suspicious financial activity related to those individuals. ” Earlier in the piece , there 's this : “ Investigators have also been looking for any evidence of possible financial crimes among Trump associates , officials said . ”
The seeming multiplicity of investigations speaks for itself . But it is the repeated reference to “ financial crimes ” or “ suspicious financial activity ” that grabs my attention .
Experts will tell you that “ financial crimes ” can often mean technical infractions , ways of structuring or organizing movements of money , failures to disclose , certain actions that are prima facie evidence of efforts to conceal , etc . This does n't mean these are just ‘ technicalities ' in the colloquial sense . They are rather infractions the nature of which may be hard for a layperson to understand but which often end up snaring defendants when other crimes are too difficult to prove . But here 's the thing about the Trump world . I do n't have subpoena power . And we 've yet to assign a reporting crew to the Trump entourage beat full time . But even with my own limited reporting , it is quite clear to me that there are numerous people in Trump 's entourage ( or ‘ crew ' , if you will ) including Trump themselves whose history and ways of doing business would not survive first contact with real legal scrutiny . It sounds like Mueller sees all of that within their purview , in all likelihood because the far-flung business deealings of Trump and their top associates are the membrane across which collusion and quid pro quos could have been conducted .
As I said , a basic perusal of business in the Trump world makes clear that serious legal scrutiny would turn up no end of problems . Just consider what was from a financial perspective , a tiny island in the Trump archipelago of mischief , The Trump Foundation which David Fahrenthold did so much with . Almost every rock Fahrenthold overturned exposed some self-dealing , at least legal violations and often real wrongdoing and as much as anything a wild level of sloppiness and indifference to doing business like even semi-honest people . From one perspective it 's hard to say Trump knowingly broke the law with the Foundation since the whole conduct of the Foundation seemed to be carried on as though none of the relevant laws even existed . Again , the Foundation was just a sideline for Trump . It 's not where they made their big money and ran off from their biggest obligations . That 's how they do business .
If Mueller is taking a serious prosecutor 's lens to Trump 's financial world and the financial worlds of Michael Cohen , Paul Manafort , Mike Flynn and numerous others , there 's going to be a world of hurt for a lot of people . And that is if no meaningful level of 2016 election collusion even happened .
And I do n't think that 's true .
2018 marks the year we wave goodbye to a number of retail and restaurant brands , with the likes of Toys R Us , Maplin and Carpetright being just a few of the biggest names who are closing down .
High street retail giants Debenhams and House of Fraser recently announced plans to close a number of their department stores resulting in hundreds of job losses , while eateries Prezzo and Jamie 's Italian are also shutting some of their branches .
British Home Stores was founded in 1928 and managed an impressive 88 years of trading
With online shopping and services such as Deliveroo and Just Eat providing consumers with a more convenient alternative to trawling the city centre streets , it 's likely these wo n't be the last closures of 2018 .
Here are a few other big brands we 've bid farewell to over the years .
Allders
It was once one of the biggest retail chains in the UK but after running into financial difficulties , the company went into administration in 2005 with all but one of its 45 stores forced into closure .
Allders department store closed down in 2005 , after the company went into administration
The Croydon store continued trading until 2012 after it was purchased by Harold Tillman , owner of the fashion chain Jaegar , but it was later closed for good on 17 January 2013 .
Woolworths
Famed for its pick 'n ' mix sweets , school clothing and stationary offering , Woolworths may have been a popular stop on the high street but it was forced into administration in 2008 , after struggling with £385 million of debt .
Its 800 stores were closed down and more than 27,000 people lost their jobs .
Renting videos , DVD and games is now a thing of the past , thanks to the rise of online streaming
Blockbuster
It may now be considered old school , but heading out to rent a DVD on an evening was the thing to do before online streaming came about .
It was once the place go for entertainment , but it met its demise in 2013 and its 528 stores are no more .
Lewis 's
The British sports retailer met it end in 2012 after its share collapsed to 1.2 million
Opened in Liverpool 1856 , Lewis 's was a much loved department store and its flagship home store served as the location of the world 's first Christmas grotto in 1879 , entitled 'Christmas Fairyland ' .
The company went into administration several times over the years , but it saw its final day on 29 May 2010 having been hit by the recession and been unable to compete with rival brands .
BHS
It managed an impressive 88 years of trading , but the clothing and houseware stores presence on the high street came to an end in 2016 having failed to meet competition posed by other brands .
However , a website is still up and running and offers plenty of bargain prices .
JJB Sports
The sports retailer was the place to go for all of the latest active wear and sport equipment , but it met its end in 2012 having dropped from being worth £500 million in 2010 to a mere £1.2 million just two years later .
Rival retailer , Sports Direct , bought the brand name , website and twenty stores in October 2012 for a cost of £28.3 million , saving around 550 jobs .
Comet
The electrical retailer saw its final day on 18 December 2012 after a long 79 years of trading .
Its 236 stores were closed and its bitter end cost the government around £49 million in redundancy payments .
Zavvi
It once boasted more than 100 stores around the UK , but the entertainment retailer - originally Virgin Megastore - vanished from the high street in 2009 , although its website is still up and running today .
Borders
Having suffered from competition posed by online retailers and cut-price supermarkets , Borders bookshop met its last chapter in 20009 , with financial difficulties leading to the closure of its 45 UK stores .
NEW YORK , April 12 JPMorgan Chase & Co 's retail brokerage arm , JPMorgan Securities , has hired a team of advisers from its bigger wealth management rival Morgan Stanley , where the team managed $ 1 billion in client assets , the bank said late Wednesday .
Twin brothers Jay and Neil Canell , along with Justin Dembo joined JPMorgan in New York City , where they will operate under the name the Canell Group .
Morgan Stanley is the largest U.S. securities brokerage by sales force with more than 15,700 advisors . JPMorgan Securities has roughly 420 financial advisers who manage $ 110 billion in client assets , according to the firm .
JPMorgan Securities went through a leadership shakeup last month when Chris Harvey was named the new chief executive . Their predecessor Greg Quental will retire at the end of the year . Quental had led the boutique wealth management firm since joining from Bear Stearns in August 2010 .
Morgan Stanley spokesperson Christine Jockle confirmed that the advisers had left but declined to comment beyond that .
Neil Canell said their group was drawn to JPMorgan 's banking services , like mortgages and customizable loans , which are useful for their high net worth client families .
`` We believe that we will be able to make their experience just as personal as it has always been , but now with greater speed , better tools and platforms as well as more bank offerings , '' Canell said in an email .
( Editing by Bernadette Baum )
April 6 Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc :
* Tanger increases dividend 5.4 pct
* Sets FY dividend of $ 1.37per share
* Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc says board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $ 0.3425 per share for q1 ended March 31 , 2017
* Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc - board approved a 5.4 pct increase in annual dividend on its common shares from $ 1.30 per share to $ 1.37 per share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — The French prime minister expressed hope for Russia and its partners to achieve a lasting ceasefire in Syria , adding that Paris continues to maintain dialogue with Moscow on the issue .
`` We strongly condemn anything that Russia could do in Syria , which contributes to continued violence and leads [ Syrian President ] Bashar Assad to kill their own citizens , '' Cazeneuve said while speaking to the France Inter radio station .
© REUTERS/ Eric Gaillard Liberation of Syrian Raqqa to Be Next Step After Iraqi Mosul Freed - Hollande
On Saturday , the UN Security Council unanimously adopted a Russian-Turkish resolution on a ceasefire regime in Syria , as well as on holding political talks between the Syrian government and opposition groups in Astana , Kazakhstan in January 2017 . A day earlier , a nationwide ceasefire between Syrian government troops and several opposition factions came into force . Russia and Turkey serve as guarantors of the deal which paves the way for negotiations between the warring parties .
The Syrian civil war broke out in March 2011 . Government forces are fighting various groups of militants . According to the United Nations , about 300,000 Syrians were killed in the conflict . Russia started conducting aerial attacks against terrorists in September 2015 , at the request of the Syrian government .
President Donald Trump is expected to speak Monday afternoon at the White House , amid fierce criticism that the President failed to condemn white supremacists and neo Nazis at a rally that turned violent in Charlottesville , Virginia over the weekend .
Reuters ' Jeff Mason tweeted a photo of a lectern set up at the White House :
White House has added unscheduled remarks by @ realDonaldTrump at the White House starting shortly . pic.twitter.com/hmECOLdAYj — Jeff Mason ( @ jeffmason1 ) August 14 , 2017
Some popular Nigerian clerics ushered in last year with prophecies , some of which did not come to pass .
All Airtel users can now read News 24 Nigeria for free through a Facebook-led Internet.org initiative .
Ecowas move is an 'act of war ' , says Gambia 's Jammeh
Banjul - Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has accused the West African regional bloc Ecowas of declaring war after demanding that they stand down following their defeat at the ballot box .
Regional leaders warned last month that the 15-member Ecowas would `` take all necessary action to enforce the results '' of the December 1 poll .
Jammeh retorted in a New Year 's speech on Saturday night that the Ecowas summit decision was `` totally illegal '' as it violated the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of member states .
`` It is in effect a declaration of war and an insult to our constitution . It is therefore absolutely unacceptable , '' said Jammeh .
`` Let me make [ it ] very clear that we are ready to defend the country against any aggression and there will be no compromise on this . ''
'Unjustifiable and unprecedented anomalies '
Opposition leader Adama Barrow was declared the winner of the ballot in the former British colony and Jammeh - in power for 22 years - initially conceded defeat .
But they reversed their decision a week later , condemning `` unacceptable errors '' by election authorities and calling for a new election .
The Gambia 's top court said last month it was adjourning until January 10 a case filed by Jammeh to annul the vote results .
Jammeh 's stance has stoked international concerns about the future of the small west African country , with the UN joining African leaders in calling for them to allow Barrow to take the oath of office as scheduled on January 19 .
But the 51-year-old strongman has remained defiant .
`` Given the unjustifiable and unprecedented anomalies ... what we are simply and rightfully asking for is to return to the polls and allow the Gambians to elect who they want to be their president in free and fair elections , '' they said on Saturday .
- AFP
Police in Italy have arrested a man suspected of opening fire Saturday on foreign nationals in the town of Macerata , injuring six people .
Scroll for more content ...
A police photo shows a man being apprehended who appears to have an Italian flag wrapped around their neck .
The drive-by shootings were `` racially motivated '' and believed to be connected to the recent slaying of an 18-year-old Italian woman in which a Nigerian man was arrested , Macerata 's mayor , Romano Carancini , told CNN .
The victims included five people from Nigeria and one from the Gambia , according to Lt. Col. Andrea Corinaldesi of the Carabinieri .
The shootings took place near where the dismembered body of Pamela Mastropietro was found Tuesday .
The suspect in Saturday 's shootings -- identified by Carancini as Luca Traini , 28 -- was apprehended by police while making a fascist salute in front of a monument to war victims . A gun was found in their car .
According to election records , Traini had been a candidate in the nearby town of Corridonia for the anti-immigration Northern League party in the 2017 local elections but received no votes .
Carancini confirmed to CNN that they were the same man .
`` We must be united against hatred , '' Carancini said .
Marco Valerio Verni , the uncle of the slain woman Mastropietro , told CNN affiliate Rai News : `` All we want is justice . We can not fight barbarism with more barbarism . Such actions are not justifiable . This country is fed up -- but such reactions can never be justified . We are a civilized country . We should not let barbarism prevail over civilization . ''
A prominent narrative going into this year 's political primaries is that a record number of women are running for office , and that their resistance is inspired by the presidency of Donald Trump . A recent Time magazine cover story , for example , focused on “ bringing new energy to a Democratic Party sorely in need of fresh faces. ” And as the tea party demonstrated after the 2008 election , if a political movement can leverage its initial burst of enthusiasm into a core group of political activists , it can change the direction of American political culture .
All of this has many claiming that we are now witnessing a burst of Democratic activism that will transform Texas . But this is Republican red Texas , and narratives are never simple here .
The record number of women running in Texas this year includes Republicans as well as Democrats , and most are not actually first-time candidates . Also , many of the “ Pink Wave ” candidates—first-time female Democratic candidates—are stacked up in primaries against one another , so even before the general election , Democratic primary voters will have cancelled some of them out .
Among the Republican women , many are religious right conservatives who oppose abortion , hardly the ideal of a progressive tsunami . For instance , Denton Republican Veronica Birkenstock is challenging the re-election of incumbent Republican member of congress Michael Burgess , a fourteen-year veteran who they say has been in Washington for too long . Birkenstock loves Trump and features a photo of themselves with the president on their campaign website . They backed controversial Republican Roy Moore in their unsuccessful Alabama Senate race . Them campaign motto is “ Good for Texas , Bad for the Swamp. ” Clearly , Birkenstock is not a “ payback ” candidate running against Trump .
By my count , there are 121 Democratic women and 45 Republican women running for congressional , statewide , and legislative offices in Texas this year . That includes at least 34 women who currently hold elective office and are either seeking re-election or higher office . What follows is an analysis of some of the women running in Texas races this year ( and , of course , some of the men they 're running against ) . Sorry , but this is not a voter 's guide .
To begin , we should note that several races in the 2018 election reflect a missed opportunity for Texas Democrats in 2016 . At the time , there was a failure to either recruit or support challengers to many Republican incumbents . In Congressional District 7 , for example , Republican incumbent John Culberson cruised to re-election victory over Democrat James Cargas in 2016 . Even as Clinton carried Culberson 's district by 3,500 votes over Trump , Culberson drew 19,000 more votes than Clinton . In no small part , that was because Culbertson outspent Cargas by $ 1.2 million to $ 68,000 . That race might have turned out differently if a woman had been the Democratic nominee or if the party had financially supported Cargas .
Now Culberson 's district is among the 91 across the country that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has identified as a target ( although Culberson 's dominance in 2016 shows that wo n't be easy ) , and the Democratic primary to choose a challenger for Culberson has become one of the Pink Wave battlegrounds .
There are seven Democrats in the primary contest , but most of the attention is focused on the two women , Laura Moser and Lizzie Pannill Fletcher . Both are first-time candidates and were featured on the Time cover . Until recently , Moser was a nonpolitical freelance writer ( her husband was a videographer for President Obama ) . Last year , they wrote an essay for Vogue describing their transformation from housewife to candidate . Fletcher is an attorney , and as a teenager during the 1992 Republican National Convention they served as a body barricade to keep Operation Rescue from disrupting Houston abortion clinics . They have the backing of Emily 's List , a Democratic female candidate incubator .
To say Moser and Fletcher are creating excitement among women voters in the district is an understatement . ( I have friends in Houston lining up for one or the other . ) To get the Democratic nomination , they will have to bypass five other candidates in the Democratic primary , including millennial Alex Triantaphyllis , age 33 , who founded a mentoring non-profit for refugees in Houston . Fletcher and Triantaphyllis have the most endorsements so far . And even in the best Pink Wave scenario—a runoff between Moser and Fletcher—only one will be left standing to face Culberson in the fall general election .
Another opportunity blown by Democrats in 2016 was Congressional District 32 , in Dallas , which was also carried by Clinton . Republican incumbent Pete Sessions was not challenged by a Democratic opponent . This year there are seven Democrats vying to challenge Sessions , but this primary also pits two factions of the Democratic Party against one another : women against minority men .
A leading contender for the nomination is former NFL football player Colin Allred , who worked in the federal housing agency under Julian Castro and has Castro 's support . Allred is probably the most viable African-American candidate on either party 's primary ballot who is not already an incumbent . Also in the crowded District 32 field is Lillian Salerno , who served in the U.S. Department of Agriculture under President Obama . And Salerno has the backing of Emily 's List .
Congressional District 23 , which stretches from San Antonio to El Paso , is currently held by Republican Will Hurd of Helotes . Clinton carried this district and received more votes than Hurd in 2016 ( Hurd defeated Democrat Pete Gallego ) . The Time magazine piece features Democratic candidate Gina Ortiz Jones , a former Air Force intelligence officer , as the Pink Wave women 's candidate in this race .
Ortiz Jones is a solid candidate , but they are not the only formidable woman in the Democratic primary . Judy Canales of Eagle Pass served as an aide to former district member of congress Abraham Kazen , received an appointment to the U.S. Department of Agriculture office of rural business from President Bill Clinton , and under President Obama 's appointment became the first woman and Latina to head the USDA Farm Service Agency .
Ortiz Jones received the endorsement of Emily 's List , while Canales has the backing of the Bexar County Tejano Democrats and Young Tejano Democrats . However , both women face a challenge in getting past former Assistant U.S. Attorney Jay Hulings , a law school classmate of Julian and Juaquin Castro . Hulings also was an aide to U.S. Representative Jane Harman , a California Democrat . Plus , feminist actor Heather Thomas and their husband Skip Brittenham recently hosted a fundraiser for Hulings at their Santa Monica , California home .
Ultimately , Pink Wave candidate Ortiz Jones may find it difficult to capture the nomination , even if Time already has anointed them the fresh face “ who is challenging Republican Represesntative Will Hurd . ”
Congressional District 31 covers Williamson and Bell Counties and has two women candidates running in the Democratic primary . Both women have impressive resumes . Christine Eady Mann is a physician . M.J. Hegar is a former U.S. Air Force helicopter pilot who was shot down in Aghanistan while on a rescue mission , earning them a Purple Heart and a Distinguished Flying Cross with Valor . Hegar 's book about their experiences–Shoot Like a Girl : One Woman 's Dramatic Fight in Afghanistan and on the Home Front–is under development by TriStar Pictures with Angelina Jolie tentatively slated to play Hegar .
All other things being equal , either would have a real chance of winning in most districts . All things are not equal , though , in this heavily Republican district . Clinton only received 40 percent of the vote here in 2016 , and Democratic gubernatorial nominee Wendy Davis nabbed a mere 36 percent in 2014 . It would take a miracle for a Democrat to win here . Adding to the basic math , if moderate newcomer Republican Cynthia Flores survives a hard right onslaught in their primary race for the Texas House , Flores will give refuge to Republican women who might otherwise cross-party lines to vote for either Mann or Hegar . The state House seat Flores is seeking represents about a quarter of the population of Carter 's congressional district .
Turning to the state Legislature , there 's state House District 45 , where Erin Zwiener is the star of Time ‘ s Pink Wave story . In reality , for Zwiener to fulfill the Pink Wave narrative , they will first have to knock off a woman opponent in the primary who has been fighting the religious right in Texas politics for almost a decade .
Zwiener , 32 , grew up in the Austin area , but they moved to Montana for college and then to Arizona for graduate school . When they became a three-time Jeopardy winner in 2012 , they were living in Abiquiu , New Mexico . After almost fourteen years away , Zwiener moved to Driftwood with their husband , in 2016 , and became politically motivated the following year .
Zwiener 's primary opponent is long-time Texas State University professor Rebecca Bell-Metereau , 68 , who has run three unsuccessful races against State Board of Education member Ken Mercer ( Mercer has fought for creationism to be taught in public schools ) . House District 45 is Republican leaning , but it is not impossible for a Democrat to win , especially if there is a blowback against Trump . Zwiener is working hard to win the Democratic nomination . And for the Democratic Party to make a comeback in Texas , it will require a new generation of political activists to put themselves on the line . There are no gimmies in politics , so Bell-Metereau will have to earn the nomination against their younger opponent .
But there are also three first-time women candidates running for the GOP nomination in the same district . They are attorney Amy Akers , oil company owner and Christian conservative Amber Pearce , and State Republican Executive Committee member Naomi Narvaiz . Akers has no campaign website . On their website , Pearce declares they were motivated to run because they are “ frustrated with the quality of education , property taxes , and the lack of conservative women in Austin. ” Narvaiz , meanwhile , has a well-documented history as a conservative activist . As a member of a San Marcos school district advisory committee last year , they created a controversy by tweeting , “ All dreamers should be deported. ” They also questioned why San Marcos High School had a club for “ homosexual kids ! Is this what we sent our kids to school for ? ” ( Texas Values , the lobby arm of the First Liberty Institute , supported Narvaiz on the grounds that their religious freedom was under attack . )
Because of District 45 's Republican tilt and Narvaiz 's political network , at the moment they have to be considered the frontrunner to win this seat in the Texas House . However , this is exactly the kind of race where political transformation can begin in Texas . Republicans did not just suddenly explode into political power . Between the early 1960s and mid-1990s , they ran candidates in one hopeless race after another , until a few finally started winning . Then more started winning . If a Trump backlash occurs , it would make the race competitive . The district is largely rural with an urban population and a college campus ( Texas State ) . House District 45 has the potential to become a bellwether for the future of Texas politics .
Another Republican primary race that challenges all conventional political wisdom is that of Texas Senate District 25 . Incumbent Donna Campbell will have to try to fend off Shannon K. McClendon in this Central Texas district .
Campbell was named one of Texas Monthly ‘ s worst legislators in 2015 . They have called the public school system a “ monstrosity , ” and last year supported the bathroom bill to limit gender access to public restrooms . By many standards , McClendon is a traditional Republican—an appointee of former Governor Rick Perry and a firearm and property rights advocate—but they also openly proclaims that they and their wife , Cathy Webking , have been together for 19 years and live on a ranchette with a German Shepherd named Stella . “ While Donna Campbell wants the government to intrude on our bedrooms , our bathrooms and our boardrooms , I want to concentrate on our classrooms , ” McClendon says in a campaign video . “ No more so-called conservatives . Elect the real deal . ”
McClendon not only is a first-time woman candidate running as a Republican , they also are among a record 49 openly gay , lesbian , and transgender people who are on the ballot this year . If you watch McClendon 's campaign video , you will see someone who gives meaning to the saying , “ Texas Women Shoot Their Own Snakes . ”
At best , I have only scratched the surface here , but perhaps the most telling thing about this year 's elections is that women will remain under-represented in our government . Out of 243 elected legislative , statewide , and congressional offices in Texas , just 47 are currently held by women . It remains an uphill climb for a woman to win in Texas , but it 's not impossible . As the late Governor Ann Richards was fond of saying almost three decades ago , “ People ask all the time , will Texans vote for a woman ? Well , my Mama did n't call me Bubba ! ”
HEALTH Minister Stephen Wade says they did n't need to tell the public about cancellations of knee and hip replacement surgeries at the Royal Adelaide Hospital due to an infection rate spike .
Mr Wade told Parliament they had been informed of the cancellation of 27 surgeries at the RAH “ late last week ” by the Health Department , but decided not to disclose it publicly . The infection rate spike only came to light yesterday
“ All the information I have received indicated to me the clinicians are dealing with the clinical issue appropriately , ” Mr Wade said .
“ I do not see the benefit to the public of taking up ( Opposition frontbencher Kyam Maher 's ) suggestion that somehow the minister needs to direct all clinical responses . ”
The 27 elective surgeries were cancelled after four patients who had knee and hip replacements at the RAH . The infection rate of 3.45 per cent was well above the accepted one per cent , which 160,000 Australians contract each year .
