Ryan Goodman leads St. Lucia to victory in the U15 Windward Islands Cricket Tournament
Ryan Goodman topped scored for St. Lucia in their match against Grenada on Sunday December 10th with 42 runs in the Windward Islands U15 Cricket tournament . Daren Sammy Jr. followed with 19 and Noelle Leo finished with 13 .
In the end , St. Lucia went for 159 in 47.2 overs .
The 13 member squad is being captained by Ackeem Auguste , with Sky La Feuille as vice-captain . Goodman is the only other player to repeat for this year 's tournament , which ends on Sunday December 17th 2017 .
Meanwhile Grenada were all out on 95 , which means St. Lucia won their first game of the tournament by 64 runs .
In bowling , Sammy Jr. took 2 for 5 in 5 overs .
Defending champions , St. Lucia will play Dominica on Monday .
Be sure to catch the HTS Sports evening package on Monday for more updates .
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was named the NFL Most Valuable Player for for the third time in their illustrious career Saturday night .
The Los Angeles Rams collected three other major postseason NFL awards from the Associated Press .
Defensive tackle Aaron Donald was named the Defensive Player of the Year , running back Todd Gurley II won the Offensive Player of the Year award and Sean McVay was selected as AP Coach of the Year .
The New Orleans Saints claimed both Rookie of the Year awards , with running back Alvin Kamara taking home the offensive honor and cornerback Marshon Lattimore the defensive prize .
Other winners included Los Angeles Chargers wide receiver Keenan Allen as NFL Comeback Player of the Year , Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt as the Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year and former Minnesota Vikings offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur , who is now the head coach for the New York Giants , as Assistant Coach of the Year .
Brady , who led the Patriots into the Super Bowl this year , was also the MVP after the 2007 and 2010 seasons . At age 40 , Brady is the oldest player to receive the award and the fourth to win it three or more times ( Peyton Manning , five ; Brett Favre and Johnny Unitas , three apiece ) .
During the 2017 season , Brady passed for an NFL-best 4,577 passing yards and also had 32 touchdown passes . He 's also the oldest player in history to lead the league in passing yards .
With Brady at quarterback , the Patriots have won the AFC East title a record 15 times . Their Super Bowl start on Sunday night against the Philadelphia Eagles will be their eighth . They are 5-2 .
McVay led the Rams to an NFC West title with an 11-1 record and to the playoffs in their first season as coach after taking over a team that finished 4-12 the previous year . Offensively , the Rams ranked No . 1 in scoring offense after having the lowest-ranked scoring offense the previous year .
The 31-year-old is the first Rams coach to win the league award since Dick Vermeil in 1999 .
Donald is the first Rams player to be chosen as AP Defensive Player fo the Year after they totaled 52 tackles , a team-high 11 sacks , a team-best five forced fumbles , 27 quarterbck hits , one fumble recovery and two passes defensed in 14 games this past season . They also are named first-team All-Pro for the third straight year and to the Pro Bowl for the fourth year in a row .
They received 23 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members for an award normally won by outside linebackers and defensive backs . Jacksonville Jaguars defensive end Calais Campbell took second with 17 votes .
`` Words ca n't express what I 'm feeling right now , '' Donald said . `` Trying to hold back the tears . ''
Gurley led the NFL in touchdowns ( 19 ) , points scored among non-kickers ( 114 ) and scrimmage yards ( 2,093 ) in addition to finishing second in rushing yards ( 1,305 ) . They also led the league 's running backs in receiving yards with 788 and their average of 6.1 yards per touch was the best in the NFL .
The last Rams player to win the AP Offensive Player of the Year award was Marshall Faulk in 2001 .
Gurley received 37 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members . Pittsburgh Steelers receiver Antonio Brown was next with eight votes , followed by Brady with four and Houston receiver DeAndre Hopkins with one .
Kamara edged out fellow third-round draft pick Kareem Hunt of the Kansas City Chiefs for the rookie award on offense , getting 28 votes to 21 for Hunt .
The other vote for the offensive player of the year went to Houston Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson , whose season was cut short by a knee injury .
With Kamara and Mark Ingram splitting the carries , the Saints rolled to an 11-5 record during the regular season with Kamara rushing for 728 yards , eight touchdowns and a 6.1-yards-per-carry average while also catching 81 passes for 826 yards and five touchdowns .
Lattimore intercepted five passes and had 18 passes defensed in 13 games .
The Ohio State product received 45 votes to outdistance runner-up Tra'Davious White of the Buffalo Bills and San Francisco linebacker Reuben Foster by a wide margin .
The last time a team swept both rookie awards was in 1967 when Mel Farr and Lem Barney were selected from the Detroit Lions .
Allen came back from a kidney issue in 2015 and a torn ACL in 2016 to caught 102 passes for 1,393 yards and six touchdowns for the Chargers .
Watt was honored for their efforts to raise funds that reached $ 37 million in donations for the victims of Hurricane Harvey .
Aug 12 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Hungarian championship matches on Saturday Saturday , August 12 Honved 2 Ujpest 1 Diosgyor 2 Puskas Akademia FC 2 Ferencvaros 1 Paks 1 Szombathelyi Haladas 3 Balmazujvarosi 1 Vasas Budapest 1 Mezokovesd 1 Videoton FC 1 Debrecen 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Honved 5 3 2 0 10 5 11 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Videoton FC 5 3 2 0 9 4 11 3 Diosgyor 5 2 2 1 9 8 8 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 4 Vasas Budapest 5 2 1 2 4 4 7 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5 Mezokoevesd 5 2 1 2 6 11 7 6 Ferencvaros 5 1 4 0 9 4 7 7 Szombathelyi Haladas 5 2 0 3 4 8 6 8 Paks 5 1 3 1 8 7 6 9 Ujpest 5 1 3 1 8 8 6 10 Balmazujvarosi 5 1 2 2 8 7 5 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 11 Debrecen 5 0 2 3 2 5 2 12 Puskas Akademia FC 5 0 2 3 4 10 2 1 : Champions League preliminary round 2-3 : Europa League preliminary round 4 : Europa League depending on domestic cup 11-12 : Relegation
As attitudes about marijuana shift around the world , researchers are warning parents that it 's risky to keep it around children , especially those who are too young to know what it is .
The number of children who were admitted to emergency rooms for marijuana intoxication increased by 133 % in France over an 11-year period , according to a new study .
Marijuana intoxication can occur when a child accidentally ingests a marijuana product or inhales marijuana smoke . Symptoms can vary based on the child 's age and size but often include sleepiness , difficulty breathing , seizures or even coma . Effects usually last six to 24 hours .
Cannabis is illegal in France , but it has the highest rate of marijuana use in Europe , said Dr. Isabelle Claudet , lead author of the study , published Monday in the journal Pediatrics .
`` And that means we are facing an increase in emergency admissions of marijuana intoxication and an increase in severe symptoms seen in children , '' said Claudet , a pediatric emergency physician in Toulouse .
They and other researchers analyzed the number of French children under 6 admitted to pediatric emergency departments because of unintentional cannabis intoxication and the number of cannabis-related calls involving children to French poison control centers .
From 2004 to 2014 , 235 children were admitted to ERs with cannabis intoxication , and there was a 133 % -- or 13 times -- increase in the admissions rate for it . The number of calls to poison control centers related to cannabis exposure in children increased by 312 % in the same period .
What concerns Claudet the most is that the concentration of the psychoactive chemical tetrahydrocannabinol , or THC , has been increasing in cannabis products in France .
`` THC concentration in cannabis products has increased from 9 % in 2004 to 20 % in 2014 , '' they said . `` I believe that 's why we 're facing more adverse effects in children . ''
Over the 11-year span , the severity of symptoms in children admitted to emergency departments because of marijuana intoxication also increased .
Twenty times more severe cases were reported in 2014 compared with 2004 , and and four times more severe cases were reported in 2014 compared with 2013 . Of the 32 children reported to have gone into comas , 53 % were admitted in 2014 , and there were more cannabis-related admissions than any other type of pediatric emergency room admission .
The main cannabis product circulating on the French market is hashish or cannabis resin , a solid and very concentrated form of cannabis extract , usually sold in the form of sticks or balls . Users break off pieces , roll them in tobacco papers and smoke them .
Claudet believes the best way to decrease the number of pediatric marijuana intoxication cases in France is to decrease the concentration of THC in cannabis through regulation .
`` And we have to also warn consumers and parents that it could be very dangerous for children to eat such products , '' they said . `` Because usually , parents think it 's not very harmful because they 're smoking it , and it relaxes them . But if a child ingests one stick or ball , they can become comatose . ''
What about children in the US ?
Recreational marijuana is legal in eight US states and the District of Columbia , and medical marijuana is legal in 29 states and D.C. Cannabis product trends in the United States are quite different from those in France , though high concentration of THC is still a concern , especially in edible products .
`` The results of this Pediatrics study also makes sense with what we 've been seeing in Colorado . With the marijuana industry increasing , there are a lot of new products , a lot of concentrated products , that people vape or ingest , like the edible products , that are high in THC , '' said Dr. G. Sam Wang , a pediatric toxicologist at Children 's Hospital Colorado in Aurora .
`` And so we 've been seeing a lot of kids who are more symptomatic and more intoxicated , '' said Wang , who was not involved in the French research .
Wang has conducted several studies of US trends in pediatric marijuana intoxication , as well as trends in Colorado .
They found that in states where recreational or medical marijuana is legal , the number of pediatric marijuana intoxication cases reported to poison control centers increased by 30 % each year from 2005 to 2011 . Children in states where marijuana was legal had more severe symptoms and were more likely to be admitted to a critical care unit compared with those in states where marijuana was not legal .
In their Colorado study , Wang found that in the two years leading up to when recreational marijuana became legally available for purchase in 2014 and the two years after , rates of marijuana exposure cases in children increased . On average each year , there was a 34 % increase in calls to poison control centers about marijuana exposures in Colorado and a 19 % increase across the US . Forty-eight percent of the cases in Colorado were attributed to the ingestion of an edible marijuana product .
Wang said the higher number of cases in states where marijuana is legal can in part be attributed to the increased availability of marijuana products and the attractiveness of edible product labels , which often look like normal candy or cakes to a child .
`` Usually , kids get into things that become more available , and usually , that happens when it 's a household product , like those laundry detergent pods , which were attractive , '' Wang said . `` It 's kind of the same situation with marijuana , where we think in states with legal marijuana , probably more households have it in their home , especially the food or edible marijuana products with bright labels , that makes it easier for kids to get into them . ''
The US National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , or NORML , says that it is concerned about the inadvertent ingestion of cannabis products by children in both the US and France but that more regulation could help provide a solution : `` It is our contention that the frequency of these incidences can be mitigated by the imposition of stricter regulatory controls , such as more stringent and overt product labeling and by limiting such products to single serving sizes . ''
Wang believes the key to ensuring the safety of children living around marijuana products is a combination of outreach and education . They tell parents to treat the marijuana like any other prescription or over-the-counter drug and keep it out of reach of children .
`` Parents need to understand that kids can actually get sick from this stuff , '' they said .
Several states with legal recreational marijuana , including Colorado , Oregon and Washington state , have also made child-resistant packaging a requirement for certain products .
Wang thinks this is also a step in the right direction , especially as other states or countries may be looking to legalize marijuana .
`` They need to think about the unintended consequences of legalization , such as marijuana intoxication in children . So whether that 's education , packaging regulations , dose regulations , '' they said . `` Colorado had some of that in the beginning of legalization , but we also made mistakes . But I 'm hoping that other places can learn from those mistakes and implement programs or rules at the outset . ''
By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows :
ABC 's “ This Week ” — Reps. Seth Moulton , D-Mass. , and Scott Taylor , R-Va .
___
NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” — Rep. Steve Scalise , R-La . ; White House budget director Mick Mulvaney ; Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-Calif .
___
CBS ' “ Face the Nation ” — Feinstein ; Wayne LaPierre , executive vice president and CEO of the National Rifle Association .
___
CNN 's “ State of the Union ” — Sens . Chris Murphy , D-Conn. , and Ron Johnson , R-Wis .
___
“ Fox News Sunday ” — Steve Wynn , Wynn Resorts CEO ; Erich Pratt , executive director of Gun Owners of America .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON , June 14 Steve Scalise , the Republican leader wounded in a gunman 's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game , is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives .
Connecting Community for Kids is looking for volunteer mums across Kwinana and Cockburn to participate in its Community Mothers Program to provide antenatal and postnatal support to new and expecting mums .
The program will link expecting and new mums with a community volunteer for emotional , educational and physical support in parenting .
Community mothers will be trained and supported by Curtin University , conducting monthly visits to new mothers during the first two years of their child 's life .
They are encouraged to share their own parenting experience and impart wisdom , allowing the new mum to grow in confidence .
Connecting Community for Kids partnership director Jane Miller said the aim was to improve outcomes for children from before birth to eight .
“ Through community consultation we have realised that this work involves the whole community , ” they said . “ Parents of older children are a great source of information and can nurture new parents through their journey . It really goes back to ‘ it takes a village to raise a child ' . ”
Connecting Community for Kids will host an information session on Thursday from 10am-11am at the Darius Wells Centre in Kwinana .
Further sessions are planned .
Contact the group on 0409 904 324 or info @ connecting4kids.com.au for more information .
`` I have n't really thought about it or lifting the trophy or anything like that . We just need to go out , play the game and hope that things fall into place . And if we do it , the few words should come naturally . ”
They may be captain of the favourites to win Sunday 's Intermediate Football Championship , but Mark McGeown insists they have n't given any thoughts to lifting the Seamus Flood Cup . Like their playing style , their speech will be ‘ off the cuff ' if the Castletown side get over the line this weekend .
“ Our aim at the start of the year after getting into Division One was to stay up and to then give the championship a good go , ” McGeown told the Dundalk Democrat .
“ Playing in Division One and at that higher standard against teams who are playing in the Senior Championship , it stands to you and now that we 're back in the Intermediate final , we 'd be hoping to go one better than in other years .
“ We set ourselves the target of hitting the ground running in the league and we achieved that , but you can be beaten in any game Intermediate Championship game as the Brides showed against us earlier in the championship .
“ We had a bit of a dip in the league coming into that game having drawn with the Dreadnots and won three or four on the bounce , and then it did n't work out for us against the Brides , but we got ourselves prepared for Na Piarsaigh , then Hunterstown and for the Mattock game in the semi-final obviously . ”
Beaten in three finals since 2011 , each of which were painful in their own way , McGeown points to the most recent of those defeats as being the most painful .
“ The drawn game against Kilkerley , ” they said with intent .
“ We probably should have won it with the chances , particularly the goal chances we had . But it went to a replay and obviously we did n't win that one .
“ I suppose on any given day in a final things can go either way and this year is no different . All we can really do between now and Sunday is to keep working hard and get ourselves in the best possible shape to win it .
“ We 're going into the game having not played the O'Connell 's this year , but we have plenty of competitive games under our belts . The Mattock game , like it could have gone either way and we were delighted to have come out on the right side of it .
“ Even though we wanted to get playing at a higher level in the league , it 's hard to gauge how big of a gap there is between the Division One and Two teams . There 's very little between the teams in the bottom-half of Division One and the top-half of Division Two .
“ We saw that by losing to the Brides . Just because the O'Connell 's are in Division Two and we 're in Division One , does n't mean we 're going to turn up and win on Sunday , ” they stressed .
Part of the Clans ' panel in their last season competing for Joe Ward , 2006 , McGeown knows they have fallen short of the bar set by the successful teams and players who preceded him .
“ Myself , Paul Gore , Ray McCabe , Fitzer ( Stephen Fitzpatrick ) and JJ Quigley , we have had three finals and have won none of them , ” McGeown added .
“ Growing up the Clans were used to winning things and when we came into the team , you kind of thought it was going to last forever .
“ We probably should have won more than we have done too . The Clans were a force back then , but as we have found out , success does n't last forever . Hopefully , it 's our time to bring it back , though , ” they quipped .
US 'house of horrors ' children released from hospital The West Australian
The parents of the malnourished siblings face a number of charges including torture and child endangerment .
Historic basketball matches featuring players from North Korea and South Korea took place today in Pyongyang .
The matches at the Ryugyong Chung Ju-yung Gymnasium in the North 's capital featured mixed teams from both countries .
As well as being billed as symbolic for the ongoing peace efforts between the two nations , the women 's match offered a glimpse of the joint side which will represent Korea at the Asian Games in Jakarta and Palembang .
North and South Korea have agreed to compete together in three sports , also including dragon boat racing and rowing .
Teams named `` Peace '' and `` Prosperity '' played today with the latter edging the women 's contest 103-102 .
Ro Suk-yong of the North and Kim Han-byeol of the South were key to the victory , scoring 18 points each .
High-profile officials from both sides of the divide were present at the matches .
Sport has been used as a key vehicle to try and achieve peace on the Korean peninsula , especially since the countries took part in a joint march at the Opening Ceremony of the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympics in the South in February .
The players enter the court in Pyongyang ©Getty Images
A joint women 's ice hockey team took part at those Games .
South Korea women 's national basketball head coach , Lee Moon-kyu , told Yonhap the joint team could work well at the Asian Games .
`` I was impressed by Team Peace 's number nine and Team Prosperity 's number seven , '' they said . `` We have the same faces and use the same language .
`` We will work harder under the name of Korea . ''
The last joint Korean basketball matches took place in 2003 .
Men 's games are also taking place in Pyongyang as well as contests between the two countries , where no flags or national symbols will be used .
`` Through the Panmunjom Declaration adopted by our two leaders on April 27 , the South and the North have been making their way toward a new peace and prosperity , '' South Korea 's Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon said to Yonhap .
`` In particular , I believe that this reunification basketball event held in line with the summit agreement will expand and advance sports exchanges and greatly contribute to reconciliation of our people and unity . ''
OTTAWA — The federal government missed a crucial opportunity to protect Canadians from harmful chemicals that could interfere with fertility and behaviour , an environmental organization says .
After a review , Environment and Climate Change Canada announced Friday that none of more than a dozen phthalates studied posed a risk to human health , and only one needs further study for possible risk to the environment .
Phthalates are chemicals used to make plastics flexible and harder to break , or as solvents , and are used in hundreds of commercial products including food containers , children 's toys , detergents and personal hygiene products like makeup and shampoo .
Muhannad Malas , who runs the toxics program for Environmental Defence , said the European Union has concluded at least four phthalates pose a risk to human health and it is mind boggling that Canada did not come to the same conclusion .
They said one of the key differences is that in Europe , the onus has been placed on manufacturers to prove their products are safe but in Canada a product has to be proved unsafe before the government will ban or limit its use .
They said Canada 's law needs to be modernized .
Last June , the House of Commons environment committee made dozens of recommendations to improve the Canadian Environmental Protection Act , which governs the use of chemicals .
One of them was to mimic Europe 's rule about proving something is safe before use rather than having to prove something is unsafe in order to ban it .
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna had until Friday to respond to that report and they said the government is considering the recommendations and will come up with a specific plan by June 2018 .
By The Canadian Press
by Sally Colby
Virginia Farm Bureau members gathered for the state 's annual convention had the privilege of hearing American Farm Bureau Federation ( AFBF ) President Vincent ‘ Zippy ' Duvall speak at the opening of the delegate session .
As they addressed the delegate body , Duvall said , “ Every minute you spend in your county and state working on policies is valuable . You do n't waste one minute spent thinking about our policy because that 's what we 're all about . All the people who work at American Farm Bureau are focused on amplifying your voice . The only way we can do that is for you to take time and make sure you send the correct policies to us . Do n't ever think you wasted your time being here . ”
Duvall is a third-generation Georgia farmer and currently raises beef cattle , broilers and hay with their wife Bonnie . But despite their lifelong experience in agriculture , Duvall realized that they are n't familiar with the crops and issues in other parts of the nation . When they were elected AFBF president in January 2016 , Duvall made it their mission to visit every state in the nation .
“ The only way I could be your president was to listen to you , ” they said . “ I 've been on those farms , seen those farmers ; sometimes with smiles on their faces and sometimes with tears in their eyes . It 's been an emotional ride . ”
Duvall says labor was the number one issue they heard about when talking with farmers and ranchers across the nation . “ There 's no other issue that 's more important to our farmers than their labor , ” they said . “ They 've got land , most have water and buildings , they just do n't have the labor to continue to expand and grow . ”
The second issue is regulations that make it difficult to farm . “ Overregulation is making it harder for us to do business , ” they said . “ This administration has already done away with 866 regulations . That 's a good start , and I 'm encouraged. ” Duvall added that international trade is a vital part of agriculture , and that we need to keep what works and eliminate regulations that hamper farmers .
Duvall says that the controversial TPP ( Trans Pacific Partnership ) could potentially benefit farmers . “ We lost $ 4.4 billion that would have gone to the farm because we did n't go into TPP , ” they said . “ We 're still dealing with rules and regulations that are 25 and 30 years old , before we even had technology on the farm . TPP would have brought a modern system of having rules and regulations in our trade treaties . ”
Duvall added that one of three acres , 30 percent of income , is coming from trade , and they implored farmers to continue telling everyone in this administration and on the Hill how important trade is . “ We know there are problems with NAFTA ( North American Free Trade Agreement ) , ” they said . “ But not in agriculture . We know there are a few problem areas , and we 'd love to fix those . But the big problems with NAFTA are not agriculture . ”
Duvall emphasized the fact that farm exports increased from $ 8 billion to $ 38 billion during NAFTA , and he 's hopeful that ongoing meetings with both Mexico and Canada will help calm the trade atmosphere .
Tax reform is the third issue of concern that Duvall heard as they spoke with farmers and ranchers , and says with the current tax bill , most farmers should pay less in taxes .
The last issue Duvall heard about throughout the nation is what they refer to as ‘ the thing that brings all farm groups together and tears us apart ' , and that 's the Farm Bill . Duvall says while the Farm Bill probably wo n't be finished by Jan. 1 , he 's hopeful that there will be progress by the end of the first quarter of 2018 .
Rather than referring to the Farm Bill as such , Duvall says referring to it as a Food Security Bill would make all Americans feel as if they have a stake in it , as well as a realization of the importance of the Bill to every citizen . “ A country that ca n't feed itself is a weak country , ” they said . “ Look at what happens to countries that ca n't feed themselves . ”
Duvall mentioned that it 's important to make sure there 's support for crop insurance . “ We have other groups — the Heritage Foundation , the Freedom Caucus — and they 've got a big old X on the Farm Bill and the center of that is crop insurance . If we go to sleep , we could lose this . We have farmers today that if they ca n't prove they have crop insurance , they ca n't get operating loans . ”
Duvall stressed the importance of all farmers and ranchers working together to present a united front that will benefit all . “ Do n't have all your struggles in the back room , ” they said . “ Do n't let cotton tear down corn , and do n't let corn tear down beef . Do n't make us choose winners and losers . Bring us one voice and do n't tear each other down . ”
A personal chat between Duvall and President Trump led to Farm Bureau having an important seat at the table when it comes to dealing with the issues Duvall outlined for delegates . However , Duvall stressed the fact that ‘ the president did n't call Zippy Duvall , they called AFBF . ' Duvall also noted several appointees who will be highly important to the future of ag : Sonny Perdue , who is only the fourth U.S. Secretary of Agriculture to be actively involved in farming , and who makes decisions based on sound science . Duvall also praised EPA head Pruitt for wanting to enforce the law of the land , and encouraged farmers to support those efforts . “ They want to work together to tear down every barrier that confronts rural America and agriculture and small business so we can move this country forward and create jobs and build our economy , ” said Duvall . “ Never before have we had this kind of relationship of the right people . ”
What can Farm Bureau do ? Stay united . “ If the Virginia farmer is n't willing to fight for the California farmer , we 're wasting our time , ” said Duvall . “ We have to be willing to go to bat for everyone . We have to be united . The second thing is that we have to stay engaged . We have an opportunity to change the future for our children and grandchildren to profit in agriculture . If we do n't use technology and do n't tell our story , we 're going to miss the opportunity to engage . ”
Duvall says the third effort , and undoubtedly the most difficult , is perseverance . “ Nothing happens in Washington , ” they said . “ It 's slow . It 's going to take our willingness to stay engaged for a long time , and be very persistent . ”
The OU men 's basketball team will film its 2017-18 intro video on Campus Corner on Monday , Oct. 16 , and is inviting Sooner fans be a part of the experience .
The Sooners will create a temporary outdoor court in the parking lot at the corner of White Street and Asp Avenue to shoot a streetball-style video with fans , OU students and spirit squad members lining the sidelines . The shoot will take place between 6 and 8 p.m. and is open to all fans .
The free event gives Sooner Nation a chance to be a part of this season 's intro video and interact with the team , who will be signing autographs and performing drills throughout the evening . The night will also include a DJ , giveaways and appearances by OU mascots .
Oklahoma opened preseason practice earlier this week as it prepares for the 2017-18 season . The Sooners host East Central in an exhibition contest on Nov. 8 before beginning the regular season against Nebraska-Omaha on Nov. 12 .
OU 's practices are open to the public and fans are always encouraged to attend and meet the team .
MACKINAC ISLAND ( AP ) — The state of Michigan will award $ 8 million in grants as part of a “ mobility ” initiative to spur new , practical and short-term ways to help transport seniors , people with disabilities and veterans with autonomous vehicles and other new technology .
The Michigan Mobility Challenge was announced Wednesday by Gov . Rick Snyder and other top state officials at the Detroit Regional Chamber 's Mackinac Policy Conference . Snyder said one of the three pillars of advances in mobility is opportunity .
“ This technology , the resources that will come to bear can give people opportunities do to things they otherwise may not be able to do in their lives because they have constraints , challenges they face , ” they said during a news conference on the porch of the Grand Hotel . The goal with the challenge program , they said , is to “ think out of box ” and be proactive to spur pilot projects instead of waiting “ for the rest of the world . ”
The state will issue a request for proposals on June 4 . An initial round of pilots will be operational by this fall .
State leaders hope that the auto industry , startup companies , local transit agencies , governments and advocates for the elderly , veterans and disabled will be involved in proposing public-private partnerships while seeking the funding . The grants will subsidize a portion of the costs to plan , implement and monitor services for three to six months . Remaining costs would be covered by fares and other funds .
“ I 'll guarantee you not all of these are going to work great . But is n't that the way we should be innovating ? Let 's try things , ” said Snyder , who said funding will not go to “ science projects ” requiring years of research but instead will be used to subsidize “ near-term real things . ”
Officials said the initiative is the latest move to ensure Michigan is a leader on self-driving vehicles and mobility technology . The state has taken a largely hands-off approach with regulations compared with some other states and is home to two major autonomous vehicle research facilities .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - President Donald Trump 's latest barrage of tweets attacking investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 election stretched the bounds of credulity , from false claims that `` no crime '' had been uncovered to assertions that their campaign had been cleared of collusion with Russia . Their charge that the probe is politically biased also falls short .
That 's what The Associated Press found when scrutinizing an assortment of statements they made last week .
Trump left out important context in weekend tweets rejoicing over the firing of former FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe , once a leader of the bureau 's investigation into Democrat Hillary Clinton 's email practices .
Meanwhile , Trump told a fanciful story of Japanese regulatory authorities dropping bowling balls as part of a plot to keep cars out of the Japanese market , and , after finding themselves without enough information in a trade discussion with Canada 's prime minister , simply made stuff up .
A sampling of how Trump 's statements do n't hold up :
TRUMP : `` The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught , called out and fired . How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife 's campaign by Crooked H friend , Terry M , who was also under investigation ? How many lies ? How many leaks ? Comey knew it all , and much more ! '' - tweet Saturday .
THE FACTS : Key context is missing in Trump 's claim of political bias by McCabe because of their ties to Democratic donations . Trump themselves is a former registered Democrat who , along with their son Donald Trump Jr. , previously contributed thousands of dollars to Hillary Clinton on various occasions from 2002 to 2007 , according to state and federal disclosure records . Clinton , whom Trump now brands as `` Crooked H , '' at the time was a senator from New York .
Trump also has donated at least $ 100,000 to the Clinton Foundation , according to the non-profit group , and their daughter Ivanka is listed as a donor who gave at least $ 5,000 .
As to McCabe 's wife , Jill McCabe , this is true : They ran as a Democrat for the Virginia state Senate in 2015 , and the political action committee of Democratic Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe gave their campaign $ 500,000 during their race . McAuliffe is a longtime associate of Hillary Clinton . Jill McCabe lost the race .
Trump 's complaint , as they spelled it out in the past , is that Clinton-linked money went to `` the wife of the FBI agent who was in charge of their investigation . '' But that timeline is wrong . Andrew McCabe was elevated to deputy FBI director and did n't become involved in the Clinton email probe until after their wife 's bid for office was over . The FBI said McCabe 's promotion and supervisory position in the email investigation happened three months after the campaign .
The bureau also said in a statement at the time that McCabe sought guidance from agency ethics officers and recused themselves from `` all FBI investigative matters involving Virginia politics '' throughout their wife 's campaign .
___
TRUMP : `` The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime . It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC , and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign . WITCH HUNT ! '' - tweet Saturday .
THE FACTS : He 's wrong to say `` no crime '' was found .
So far , four former Trump campaign aides have been charged with financial crimes or with lying to the FBI , and three of them have pleaded guilty and agreed to assist in Mueller 's investigation .
In all , six people - including the four Trump campaign aides - have been charged , along with 13 Russians accused in a hidden but powerful social media campaign to meddle in the American election .
Trump 's claim that the Russia probe was based on a `` fake dossier '' is also inaccurate . The FBI 's investigation began months before it received a dossier of anti-Trump research funded by the Democratic Party and Clinton 's campaign . The FBI probe 's origins were based on other evidence - not the existence of the dossier .
___
TRUMP : `` Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats , some big Crooked Hillary supporters , and Zero Republicans ? Another Dem recently added ... does anyone think this is fair ? And yet , there is NO COLLUSION ! '' - tweet Sunday .
THE FACTS : Trump 's claim of political bias lacks important context .
Several members of Mueller 's team have made political contributions to Democratic candidates , including Clinton . But Mueller , who is a longtime Republican , could not have barred them from serving on the team . Federal regulations and Justice Department policy prohibit the consideration of political affiliation in hiring and other personnel actions involving career attorneys .
Mueller reports to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , an ex-U.S. attorney under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama who was named to the Justice Department post by Trump . Rosenstein serves under Attorney General Jeff Sessions , a Trump appointee to the Cabinet .
___
TRUMP : `` As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded , there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign . As many are now finding out , however , there was tremendous leaking , lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI , Justice & State . '' - tweet Saturday .
THE FACTS : Trump 's statement is inaccurate . That conclusion came from Republicans on the committee ; it was not a committee finding . Democrats on the committee sharply dispute the Republican conclusions and will issue their own .
Whatever the findings of the committee , Mueller is leading the key investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and Russian contacts with the Trump campaign . The probe has produced a number of charges and convictions , none to date alleging criminal collusion . But Mueller continues to explore whether collusion occurred and whether Trump or others may have obstructed justice .
Trump did not specify what they meant in accusing the agencies of corruption . McCabe was fired ahead of the release of an inspector general 's report that 's expected to conclude they were not forthcoming about matters related to the FBI investigation of Clinton 's emails .
___
TRUMP , on how Japanese authorities stopped a U.S. car from being approved for sale in their country : `` They were ready to approve it and they said , 'No , no , we have to do one more test . ' It 's called the bowling ball test . Do you know what that is ? That 's where they take a bowling ball from 20 feet up in the air and they drop it on the hood of the car . And if the hood dents , then the car does n't qualify . Well , guess what ? The roof dented a little bit , and they said , 'Nope , this car does n't qualify . ' It 's horrible , the way we 're treated . '' - remarks to a closed Missouri fundraiser Wednesday , leaked to The Washington Post and other organizations .
THE FACTS : That `` test '' did n't happen . `` He 's joking about this particular test , '' White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Thursday .
Possible inspiration for Trump 's story : a fanciful old Nissan ad showing its SUV miraculously escaping damage as bowling cascade down an urban street , trashing other vehicles .
___
TRUMP , on a meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau : `` Nice guy , good-looking , comes in - Donald , we have no trade deficit ... I said , 'Wrong , Justin , you do . ' I did n't even know . Josh , I had no idea . I just said , 'You 're wrong . ' You know why ? Because we 're so stupid . ... And I thought they were smart . '' - remarks at the Missouri fundraiser , held for GOP Senate candidate Josh Hawley .
THE FACTS : The facts of this meeting are not established ; Canadian officials wo n't comment on whether it happened as Trump described it . Trudeau visited Trump in October and the two have spoken by phone on multiple occasions about trade and other matters as Trump pushes a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico .
In their hard-to-follow account , Trump is making this point : They insisted the U.S. is running a trade deficit with Canada while Trudeau asserted the opposite - that the U.S. has a trade surplus with Canada . Trump is saying that while they did not have the facts to back them up , their belief that American officials have been `` stupid '' about trade and Canadians have been `` smart '' led them to assert that the U.S. must have a deficit with Canada . They went on to say that their position was ultimately vindicated when officials took a closer look at the statistics .
U.S. statistics do n't support Trump . They show the U.S. runs a trade surplus with Canada - $ 2.8 billion in 2017 , $ 12.5 billion in 2016 . A U.S. deficit in trade of goods is overcome by a surplus in trade of services for an overall balance in favor of the U.S .
Trump ignores services in their rhetoric .
___
TRUMP on the effects of a nuclear weapons test by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un : `` He had a test , they had a test of a nuclear weapon about a year ago , and it registered as an 8.6 . Now , you heard of that , on the Richter scale , right ? So they said , man , there was an earthquake . Eight point six someplace in Asia . Where was it ? Oh it was in North Korea . '' - from fundraiser .
THE FACTS : North Korea had no earthquake last year approaching that level of severity .
North Korea tested what it called a hydrogen bomb in September , causing an underground blast so big it registered as a 6.3 magnitude earthquake . Other nuclear tests last year were associated with smaller seismic events .
An 8.6 quake would be 200 times bigger - and release 2,818 times more energy - than a 6.3 .
___
TRUMP on their proposed border wall with Mexico : `` It will save thousands and thousands of lives , save taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars by reducing crime , drug flow , welfare fraud and burdens on schools and hospitals . The wall will save hundreds of billions of dollars - many , many times what it is going to cost . ... We have a lousy wall over here now but at least it stops 90 , 95 percent . When we put up the real wall , we 're going to stop 99 percent , maybe more than that . '' - remarks last week in San Diego , while visiting prototypes of the wall .
THE FACTS : There are no measures of how well walls work .
Congress ' main watchdog found that the government does not have a way to show how barriers prevent illegal crossings from Mexico . A Government Accountability Office report last year said U.S. Customs and Border Protection `` can not measure the contribution of fencing to border security operations along the southwest border because it has not developed metrics for this assessment . ''
That 's after the government spent $ 2.3 billion from 2007 to 2015 to extend fences across 654 miles ( 1,052 kilometers ) of border and more to repair them .
Without knowing how many crossers will be deterred by a wall , it is impossible to know how much money taxpayers might save in schools , hospital spending and other services .
___
TRUMP : `` By the way , the state of California is begging us to build walls in certain areas . They do n't tell you that , and we said no , we wo n't do it until we build the whole wall . '' - remarks last week in California .
THE FACTS : Trump made a similar claim last month on Twitter but has yet to say who in California wants the wall . The state unsuccessfully sued to prevent construction of Trump 's wall , claiming they were wrong to forgo environmental reviews .
___
Census Bureau on U.S.-Canada trade : https : //www.census.gov/foreign-trade/Press-Release/current_press_release/exh20.pdf
U.S. Trade Representative on 2016 trade with Canada : https : //ustr.gov/countries-regions/americas/canada
Earthquake magnitude calculator : https : //earthquake.usgs.gov/learn/topics/calculator.php
Federal study on border wall : https : //www.gao.gov/assets/690/682838.pdf
___
Associated Press writers Calvin Woodward , Eric Tucker , Seth Borenstein , Josh Boak and Christopher Rugaber in Washington and Elliot Spagat in San Diego contributed to this report .
___
Find AP Fact Checks at http : //apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow @ APFactCheck on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/APFactCheck
EDITOR 'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
As remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto spread into the Great Lakes region , people are keeping a weary watch on dams and hillsides as rains from the storms have triggered floods and mudslides in the Appalachians of the Southeast .
So far , four dams being closely watched by a state team of special engineers were holding up , North Carolina Gov . Roy Cooper said Wednesday .
But Cooper went ahead and declared a state of emergency for their hard-hit mountain counties , saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches ( 50 centimeters ) of rain in the past 15 days .
“ This storm is n't yet over . I 'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts , ” Cooper said .
Alberto , while still spinning like a classic tropical storm , has managed to make its way since a Memorial Day landfall in the Florida Panhandle to just outside of Chicago . Forecasters said it would still bring rain and gusty winds to the Great Lakes this week .
Alberto 's heavy rains have been widespread . Scattered flooding was reported in several states from Alabama through Tennessee , Kentucky , Illinois , the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia .
In Hopkinsville , Kentucky , high winds and heavy rains gave Sherry Key a fitful night 's sleep .
“ I have dogs and they 're terribly afraid of storms , so they were on top me all night , ” said Key , an airport office manager .
The worst of the flooding was in the Appalachian Mountains . Up to 7 inches ( 18 centimeters ) of rain caused flooding in Helen , a mountain town in Georgia , the National Weather Service said .
Atlanta station WAGA-TV reported that several roads near the downtown area of that German-styled tourist destination were shut down because of the rising water . No injuries or structural damage have been reported .
Two deaths had been reported during the storm 's passage . A television news anchor and a photojournalist were killed Monday in North Carolina while covering the weather , when a tree became uprooted from rain-soaked ground and toppled onto their SUV , authorities said . WYFF-TV of Greenville , South Carolina , said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer died .
In the mountains of North Carolina , two Department of Transportation workers survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide . The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued , Gov . Cooper said .
Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain . Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of “ recklessness ” during the storm . They gave no details . The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba 's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery .
___
Collins reported from Columbia , South Carolina . Associated Press Reporter Jack Jones , also in Columbia , contributed to this story .
Comments
comments
“ ‘ The short-term , dopamine-driven feedback loops we 've created are destroying how society works , ' said Chamath Palihapitiya , who joined Facebook in 2007 and served as its vice president for user growth , ” Kerry Flynn writes for Mashable . “ He was referring to the iconic ‘ like ' button and other reactions we have while browsing News Feed . ”
“ The video , first surfaced by The Verge on Monday , is of Palihapitiya speaking at Stanford Graduate School of Business on Nov. 13 , ” Flynn writes . “ Four days prior , Facebook 's founding president Sean Parker echoed similar concerns about Facebook ‘ exploiting a vulnerability in human psychology . ' ”
“ Palihapitiya critiqued not only Facebook and social networks but also the state of venture capital in Silicon Valley ” Flynn writes . “ ‘ Everybody 's bullshitting , ' they said of the venture capital community . ‘ Over time you get one of the 20 [ successful investments ] and you look like a genius . ' ”
Read more in the full article here .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - Pennsylvania 's highest court on Tuesday ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions , following a five-month campaign by their supporters to get them out .
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order releasing them on unsecured bail , though it was n't immediately clear how soon they would get out .
Mill was sentenced in November to 2-4 years in prison for probation violations .
Dozens of people gathered outside the prison near Philadelphia in hopes of seeing them walk free .
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed , leveling fierce criticism at the judge as a stream of high-powered figures and celebrities visited them in jail outside Philadelphia , including actor Kevin Hart just hours before the Supreme Court ruling .
Mill issued a statement saying the past months had been `` a nightmare , '' and thanked their many supporters and visitors , who included Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft .
`` Although I 'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation , I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues , '' Mill said .
They said they would now focus their attention on getting their convictions overturned , and that they look forward to resuming their music career .
Earlier this month , in a major victory for Mill , prosecutors said they agreed with their lawyers that they should get a new trial because of questions raised about the arresting officer . The now-retired officer was among a list of police officers the prosecutor 's office has sought to keep off the witness stand in cases across the city because of credibility questions .
A spokesperson for District Attorney Larry Krasner said late Tuesday that the Supreme Court 's decision on Meek Mill 's release was consistent with the position taken by their office .
Mill 's attorney , Joe Tacopina , thanked the high court .
`` Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail , '' Tacopina said .
In an opinion earlier this month , Judge Genece Brinkley , who sent Mill to prison for the probation violations , strongly defended themselves against accusations by the defense they were waging a vendetta against the rapper . They said the court `` has impartially and without prejudice presided over numerous proceedings in this matter since 2008 . ''
The Supreme Court denied a defense request to move the case to another judge , but said the presiding judge could opt to remove herself .
There are good first days at the office , and then there 's Andreas Mikkelsen ‘ s debut drive for Hyundai ! OK so it 's early days and everything to play for with two days of asphalt running still to come , but the recently signed Norwegian currently finds themselves sitting pretty at the top of the leaderboard after 6 stages of intense competition under the baking Catalan sun !
The morning loop saw the crews tackle a pair of short blasts through Caseres and Bot , before the longest stage of the rally , Terra Alta . it 's probably fair to say that Terra Alta is one of the most demanding on this year 's rally thanks to its mix of gravel and tarmac sections , and its length , a full 38.95km ! It 's also a stage which allowed Mikkelsen to shine , and they wasted no time in charging up the leaderboard to grab the lead from Ott Tanak and Mads Ostberg .
Mikkelsen and Hyundai did n't have it all their own way , with Ostberg fighting back in the opening stage of the afternoon , the 12.5km blast through Caseres . Ostberg was briefly able to depose their countryman ( by a scant 0.3 seconds ) and looked to have found their rhythm , but they lost time in SS5 and was forced to complete SS6 with the heater stuck on full , issues which ( understandably considering the already scorching temperatures ) saw them cede the place once more .
The change of positions owed as much to Mikkelsen 's pace as it did Ostberg 's hesitance though , the Hyundai man coming home second fastest overall , a mere 0.8 seconds behind a resurgent Chris Meeke . Their performance through the last stage of the day was blunted by a damper failure , but it remains an impressively polished debut .
It 's important to recognise the understated brilliance of Sebastien Ogier ‘ s Friday performance , one which has both measured and scintillatingly fast . Indeed , Ogier currently sits second overall and remains in touching distance of Mikkelsen ( 1.4 seconds to the good ) , and all that despite having played the role of glorified road sweeper most of the morning ! Pressed as to why he 'd been able to remain in touch despite their disadvantageous running order , Ogier was quick to mention their setup and also their ability to make up time on Terra Alta 's tarmac sections , all of which bodes well for M-Sport in the days to come .
Meeke struggled to find form throughout the morning loop and at one point looked to be in danger of loosing touch with the leading pack , yet their performance through Bot was backed up by a storming run through the final stage of the day , Terra Alta . It was a performance good enough for them to end the day third overall , and it might well have been even higher had it not been for a spin midway through SS4 .
Tanak could n't continue their run of good form from the morning and therefore slipped down the order , ending the day in fourth overall , just ahead of Ostberg . The Norwegian was 3.7 seconds of Dani Sordo , with the Spaniard having endured a day which could best be characterised as having being ‘ up and down ' thanks to variable grip , something no doubt echoed by seventh placed Thierry Neuville . The championship challenger found that their soft option tyres were far from ideal for the morning loop and spent the rest of the day paying for their mistake !
Toyota 's rally has n't gone to plan thus far with Juho Hannifin leading its charge from a lowly eighth overall , just ahead of Stephane Lefebvre and the Yaris of teammate Esapekka Lappi , the latter having dropped half a minute thanks to a partial brake failure . Team leader Jari-Matti Latvala was in seventh for most of the afternoon but was forced to retire the Yaris before the final run through to Terra Alta , with an engine gremlins cited as the primary cause .
Elfyn Evans currently lies just outside the top 10 in eleventh and has struggled to make an impression all day , a situation hardly helped by a puncture ! Evans be looking to make amends in the coming sealed surface tests but has much work to do , they sit 16.9 seconds behind Lappi and a massive 1:22.4 off the leader .
WRC 2 has seen Timo Suninen romp away from Simone Tempestini , with M-Sport 's rising star ending the day a crushing 1:17.2 seconds ahead ! Performances like this will no doubt see the young Finn spend rather less time in an R5 and rather more time in a pukka WRC car next year…
JWRC has proved every bit as close as we 'd hoped and it remains all to play for , with Nicolas Ciamin currently ahead of arch rival and championship leader Nils Solans by a handy 22.1 seconds , though the Frenchman must still rely on the Spaniard hitting trouble if he 's to wrest the title from him .
Rally Spain plays host to the final of the hotly contested JWRC category , one which has seen Solans net a trio of wins and a pair of second places , enough to put them 20 points clear of the nearest rival Ciamin . Solans Spanish ambitions were dealt a blow during Shakedown however , when they crossed the line fifth and last of all the JWRC entries , 16.5 seconds slower than the quickest man Ciamin !
Rally de Espana Day 1 Top Ten
1 ) Andreas Mikkelsen – Hyundai i20 WRC – 1:11.56.3
2 ) Sebastien Ogier – Ford Fiesta WRC – 1:11.57.7
3 ) Kris Meeke – Citroen C3 WRC – 1:11.59.3
4 ) Ott Tanak – Ford Fiesta WRC – 1:12.02.6
5 ) Mads Ostberg – Ford Fiesta WRC – 1:12.03.4
6 ) Dani Sordo – Hyundai i20 WRC – 1:12.07.1
7 ) Thierry Neuville – Hyundai i20 WRC – 1:12.09.1
8 ) Juho Hannifin – Toyota Yaris WRC – 1:12.29.9
9 ) Stephane Lefebvre – Citroen C3 WRC – 1:12.58.5
10 ) Esapekka Lappi – Toyota Yaris WRC – 1:13.01.8
Peacekeeper from 41 different national contingents that make up the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) , attend a ceremony to mark the 40th anniversary of its peacekeeping presence in southern Lebanon , at the mission headquarters in the coastal town of Naqoura , Lebanon , Monday , March 19 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Hassan Ammar )
Peacekeeper from 41 different national contingents that make up the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) , attend a ceremony to mark the 40th anniversary of its peacekeeping presence in southern Lebanon , at the mission headquarters in the coastal town of Naqoura , Lebanon , Monday , March 19 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Hassan Ammar )
NAQOURA , Lebanon ( AP ) - The head of U.N. peacekeepers in Lebanon praised their contribution to peace efforts on Monday as the force marked 40 years since its establishment on the frontier with neighboring Israel .
Maj. Gen. Michael Beary , commander of the force known as UNIFIL , said that the mission `` works tirelessly to pre-empt a return to conflict , a return to turmoil and loss of life , a return to some of the dark days of the past '' between the two countries .
Their comments came amid new threats between Lebanon and Israel over several issues , including a wall the Jewish state is building along the border that Beirut says may jut into Lebanese territories , as well as plans for oil and gas exploration in the Mediterranean .
The oil and gas dispute dates back years , but recently resurfaced when Lebanon invited companies to bid for exploratory offshore drilling next year along the countries ' maritime border . Israel says some of the drilling would be taking place in its territorial waters .
The peacekeeping force was founded in 1978 after Israel invaded parts of southern Lebanon . Violence has broken out on several occasions since then , including major wars in 1982 and 2006 .
UNIFIL now has about 10,500 soldiers from 41 countries who are mostly deployed south of Lebanon 's Litani river and along the border with Israel .
The 2006 war was fought between Israel and Lebanon 's militant Hezbollah group , and claimed the lives of more than 1,000 people on both sides .
Beary warned that conflict `` can start in an instant , can take generations to find a permanent solution . ''
`` South Lebanon has enjoyed 11 years of calm since 2006 , and the last two years in our areas of operations , in particular , have been among the quietest on record , '' Beary said . `` UNIFIL works together with the parties to sustain this calm . ''
The Moorestown girls celebrate after winning the Ocean City at Moorestown HS South Jersey Group 3 ladies lacrosse final on May 25 , 2018 . Moorestown won the game 18-3 .
Robin Panzarella tallied five goals Wednesday as the Moorestown girls ' lacrosse team toppled Allentown , 15-1 , in the South Group 3 state semifinals . Kacey Knobloch scored a hat trick while Cailin Field added a pair of goals . Colette Smith dished out four assists and chipped in a goal in the win .
Moorestown will face Summit on Saturday in the Group 3 state final .
Charlie Baldwin notched a hat trick , but Woodstown fell to Pingry , 17-6 , in the South Group 1 state semifinals . Daisy Baldwin added two goals and Abigail Evans chipped in one . Mairead Higgins paced Pingry with five goals in the win .
Baseball
Jack Herman doubled twice and drove in two runs as Eastern edged Gloucester , 10-0 , in the Camden County tournament final . Brett Bordi drove in three runs on a triple while Jesse Barbera had three hits and scored three runs .
The EFF urged South Africans to down tools and support the national strike against the R20 minimum wage hourly rate . Picture : Ayanda Ndamane/African News Agency/ANA
Johannesburg - The Economic Freedom Fighters ( EFF ) on Tuesday urged South Africans to down tools and support the national strike against the R20 minimum wage hourly rate .
`` Government has already imposed VAT , sugar tax , fuel levy and all other manner of taxes to resolve an economic crisis that the workers did not create , '' the EFF said in a statement .
`` The very same government proposes that the national minimum wage for all workers should be R20 per hour , even less than the minimum living wage that was in the findings of research from UCT in 2014 . ''
Read more : # SAFTUstrike : Saftu rallies forces for strike over minimum wage
The party said the proposed minimum wage will further entrench poverty and cause the present inequalities to remain a permanent feature of the country , even though the ruling African National Congress `` claimed it advocates for radical economic transformation '' .
Also read : How Saftu 's strike will affect Durbanites
Congress of South African Trade Unions ' rival , the South African Federation of Trade Unions ( Saftu ) will embark on a general strike on Wednesday over what it termed `` the biggest attacks on working-class people , trade unions and the poor '' since the end of apartheid .
Saftu has slammed the planned national minimum wage of R20 per hour , or R3 500 a month , as well as amendments to labour laws . The union federation is also angry over economic hardships facing workers and the poor .
Cosatu has distanced itself from the strike , saying that it supports the minimum wage tabled .
African News Agency/ANA
DUBUQUE , Iowa ( AP ) - A 20-year-old man has pleaded not guilty to charges that they drove onto and damaged the Iowa baseball field made famous by the 1989 `` Field of Dreams '' movie .
The Telegraph Herald reports that Austin Pape , of Dyersville , entered a written plea before their arraignment scheduled for Monday in Dubuque . Investigators say Pape has acknowledged driving onto the field Jan. 22 , and their attorney has said Pape will work with prosecutors on a resolution .
Court records say the owner estimated the damage at more than $ 5,500 . The vehicle left deep gashes in the field and damaged sprinklers .
The field sits 2 miles ( 3 kilometers ) outside Dyersville - 142 miles ( 228 kilometers ) northeast of Des Moines . Thousands of people visit the property , running around the bases and walking to the surrounding cornfields .
___
Information from : Telegraph Herald , http : //www.thonline.com
NEW YORK -- If there is a common theme for the Atlanta Braves and New York Yankees through two games at sweltering Yankee Stadium , it is a matter of inches for fly balls hit to right field and right-center field .
Heading into Wednesday afternoon 's series finale , the teams have combined to hit nine homers with both teams capitalizing on dimensions to right and right-center .
On Monday , Aaron Judge made a half-swing and golfed a first-inning homer off Anibal Sanchez down the right-field line , where it is 314 feet , but the Braves wound up getting a 5-3 victory by also capitalizing on the dimensions . Rookie Ronald Acuna Jr. hit a two-run homer in the 11th off David Robertson over Judge 's leaping attempt and into the front row of the right-center field seats .
A night later , both teams capitalized again as the Yankees evened the series with an 8-5 victory .
Aaron Hicks homered down the right-field line in the first inning off left-hander Sean Newcomb and Giancarlo Stanton homered just inside the right-field foul pole in the eighth off Evan Phillips .
`` Balls get kind of sucked up out there so that 's just frustrating , '' Newcomb said after pitching a season-low 2 1/3 innings .
Stanton was also involved in two straight plays in right-center in the seventh . First , they appeared shaken up after crashing into the wall in an attempt to catch Nick Markakis ' 364-foot two-run homer off Adam Warren but they stayed in to make a leaping catch on Kurt Suzuki 's 360-foot fly ball .
`` You just never know here with fly balls that are homers , '' Atlanta manager Brian Snitker said .
Still , with both teams benefiting and getting burned by the dimensions , the first two games have been tight ballgames decided in the late innings . The teams have combined for 21 runs and 38 hits in a combined seven hours , 39 minutes while playing in humid conditions .
`` We 're obviously capable of those nights where we have a big night and can run away from a team , but we 've seen time and time again that we can scratch and claw our way , '' Yankees manager Aaron Boone said . `` I think the one thing about this club that they 've shown through the first 80-plus games is that we 've shown an ability to win games in a lot of different ways . ''
After neither team received a lengthy start and Atlanta will hope for some distance from Julio Teheran while New York is seeking the same from CC Sabathia .
Regardless of how long their starters go , both teams will have different situations with their closers .
Atlanta 's Arodys Vizcaino is expected to be available for a save situation after being activated off the disabled list Tuesday . They experienced shoulder discomfort after pitching four times in a span of five days from June 13-17 , resulting in two weeks on the DL .
New York 's Aroldis Chapman has pitched three straight days for the first time all season . While they have thrown 48 pitches in those outings , it would seem unlikely the Yankees would use them for a save situation Wednesday .
Sabathia will continue their climb up various leaderboards . Sabathia is getting their first chance to tie Hall of Famer Juan Marichal for 55th place on the all-time wins list with 243 .
Sabathia is 5-3 with a 3.02 ERA and is the 12th pitcher to get at least 125 wins with the Yankees . Sabathia also has 1,519 strikeouts for the Yankees and is seven away from tying Red Ruffing for fourth on the team 's all-time list .
Sabathia last pitched Friday in an 8-1 victory over the Boston Red Sox when they allowed one run and six hits in seven innings .
Sabathia is 3-1 with a 3.31 ERA in four career starts against Atlanta .
Sabathia 's start will take place before the Yankees focus on events in Scranton/Wilkes-Barre , where Masahiro Tanaka will make a rehab start . Tanaka has been out since injuring both hamstrings running the bases June 8 against the Mets but said Monday they feel better and could have started in the majors Wednesday .
Teheran ( 6-5 , 4.21 ERA ) is making their 17th and seeking consecutive wins for the first time in nearly two months .
Teheran was 4-0 with a 2.06 ERA in six starts from April 16-May 14 . They are 2-4 with a 5.12 ERA in seven outings since .
Teheran 's last two wins have been scoreless outings . They fanned 11 in six scoreless innings June 17 against San Diego but then gave up seven runs in 4 2/3 innings June 23 against Baltimore before pitching six scoreless innings Friday at St. Louis .
Teheran is making their fourth start since a brief absence because of a thumb contusion that impacted their velocity . In their last start , they walked the first two hitters but settled down and retired 15 of the next 16 hitters .
`` Velocity is better , '' Snitker said . `` With the exception on an inning here , he 's been really , really good . Their stuff has picked up . ''
Teheran will be making their second career start against the Yankees . In a 20-6 loss in Atlanta on Aug. 30 , 2015 , they allowed eight runs on nine hits in 4 1/3 innings but the only Yankees they faced still on the team are Brett Gardner , Greg Bird and Didi Gregorius .
The first one deserved a sequel , which Cleveland won in the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history to even things up with Golden State .
Then with Kevin Durant joining Stephen Curry on one side and LeBron James leading the other , the Warriors and Cavaliers sent interest soaring as they rampaged toward the tiebreaker last season .
But the rubber match was a mismatch , and the Warriors are expected to win just as easily this time .
So as Round 4 of the record-setting rivalry begins Thursday night , has Warriors-Cavaliers become too much of a good thing ?
`` I do n't think so , '' Golden State guard Klay Thompson said . `` I think the rest of the NBA has got to get better . It 's not our fault . I 'm sure if you asked the fans of the Warriors and the Cavs around the world , whether it 's in the Bay Area or in Cleveland , I 'm sure they 're happy with their team performance . The only people I hear saying that are fans from other teams , which is natural . I do n't blame them . But as long as our fan base is happy , that 's all that matters . ''
It 's the first time in NBA , NFL , MLB or NHL history that the same teams are meeting four straight times in the championship round , and intrigue in the teams has n't waned yet . The NBA had its most-watched conference finals since 2012 , as both teams had to rally from 3-2 deficits to win Game 7s on the road .
But if this series quickly becomes as lopsided as some fear — ABC analyst Jeff Van Gundy said they could n't remember a bigger gap between finals teams and said any game the Cavs win is a huge upset — many of those people who have tuned in the last few years might be looking for something else to watch by the time the series switches to Cleveland .
`` If James and the Cavaliers win Game 1 , you know , the interest is going to skyrocket because they are going to have done what very few — except for them maybe — think they can do , which is won at Golden State , '' Van Gundy said . `` If they get blown out both games , it does n't matter what we say . People are n't going to be as excited . ''
The players wo n't apologize for showing up again , or worry that it hurts the NBA .
`` I mean , it may not be as suspenseful as a lot of people want it to be or as drama-filled , '' Durant said , `` but that 's what you 've got movies and music for . ''
Ulster Bank says it is investigating an issue which has caused funds to ‘ disappear ' from customers ' accounts this morning ( April 24 ) .
It 's after large numbers of the bank 's customers have reported their salaries have disappeared from their accounts , while direct debits have n't been paid .
Other customers say that their cards are being declined and their balances are n't correct .
Ulster Bank says it 's working hard to fix the issue and apologises for any inconvenience . The bank has stated `` No customer will be left out of pocket as a result of this issue . Emergency Cash is available in branch or via telephone . ''
Customers have been advised they can call Ulster Bank or visit a branch if they need access to funds . They are asking affected customers to call 1850 424 365 ( from abroad 00353 1 8047475 ) minicom – 0800 015 4422 .
Iggy Azalea is being sued for nearly $ 300,000 for a delinquent credit card bill .
American Express filed suit in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Monday morning , alleging that Azalea ( real name Amethyst Kelly ) owes them $ 299,147.81 for goods and services that they have purchased over the last two years .
According to court documents obtained by PEOPLE , the Australian recording artist 's delinquent balance is $ 250,000 more than their credit card limit . The lawsuit is seeking the full amount owed , plus legal fees .
RELATED VIDEO : Iggy Azalea Dishes About Them Plastic Surgery !
Azalea released their debut album , The New Classic , in 2014 . It went platinum and spawned several singles , including the # 1 hit “ Fancy. ” Them follow-up album , Digital Distortion , was originally scheduled to be released in June , but has gone through multiple delays . There is no current release date scheduled .
Azalea has not publicly commented on the lawsuit , and the court documents do not list an attorney in this case . A rep for Azalea did not immediately return PEOPLE 's calls for comment .
The lawsuit was first reported by The Blast .
It was n't long ago when singer-composer Vishal Dadlani said Neha Kakkar is “ unbelievable ” in front of the camera . They say they are happy being a singer and that they will only take up acting if the offer is too good to refuse .
“ I am happy being a playback singer and performer . I will only take up acting if the offer is too good to refuse , ” Neha told IANS in an email interview .
For now , they are busy judging “ Indian Idol ” . It was back in 2006 , when they participated in the singing-based reality show . They did n't win though .
“ I feel whatever happens , happens for a reason . I am just glad the way my journey worked out . It has been a tremendous learning experience , ” they said .
Since then Neha has delivered many dance numbers like “ Kala chashma “ , “ Sunny sunny ” and “ Manali trance “ . Would n't they like to break the monotony ?
“ I am doing that in fact . My song ‘ Mile ho tum humko ' , written and created by my brother Tony Kakkar , is the most viewed song on YouTube . Another song of mine ‘ Maahi ve ‘ has been appreciated a lot .
“ My recent hit ‘ Oh humsafar ' , which is a romantic song with Himansh Kohli and created by Tony Kakkar , hit 100 million ( views ) in no time . Which says it all . ”
Despite giving many hits , they are yet to bag popular awards . Does that bother her ?
“ No , it does not bother me . I have won the hearts of many . So that matters more than any award . The love of my ‘ nehearts ' – my fans , is more than inspiring and encouraging , ” said Neha .
They are also thrilled as they are the “ most followed Indian artiste on Instagram ” .
“ My fans love me unconditionally . So , it becomes my core responsibility to never disappoint them on any level . I always try to give something special to my fans , ” they said .
Serbian and EU officials have opened two new accession chapters as a result of the seventh meeting at the ministerial level .
BRUSSELS ( Sputnik ) — Estonian Foreign Minister Sven Mikser said Monday that Serbian and EU officials have opened two new accession chapters , namely on company law and external relations , as a result of the seventh meeting at the ministerial level .
`` We have been able to open two more chapters also with Serbia , namely Chapter Six , company law , and Chapter 30 , external relations , '' Mikser said .
The Estonian foreign minister added that the sides were close to opening three more chapters , Chapter Nine on financial services , Chapter 13 on fisheries and Chapter 33 on financial and budgetary provisions .
© AFP 2017/ ALEXA STANKOVIC Desperate Times , Desperate Measures : EU Rushes to Pull in Serbia and Montenegro
Johannes Hahn , the member of the European Commission in charge of or European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations , said that the chapter on external relations obliged Serbia to work on its World Trade Organization application .
Serbia and the European Union have so far opened 12 chapters out of 35 , with talks on two chapters already provisionally closed .
The digestion of the Western Balkans has been an aspiration of the bloc ever since the breakup of Yugoslavia began .
EU and Montenegrin officials on Monday also held a meeting in order to open talks on two chapters related to labor regulation , as part of the EU Accession process , the Council of the European Union said in a press release .
`` The tenth meeting of the Accession Conference with Montenegro at Ministerial level was held today in Brussels to open negotiations on Chapter 2 — Freedom of movement for workers , and Chapter 3 — Right of establishment and freedom to provide services , '' the press release said .
Montenegro and the European Union have so far opened for negotiations 30 chapters out of 35 , with three of them already provisionally closed .
Official candidates for EU membership include Albania , Macedonia , Montenegro Serbia and Turkey . The accession talks have officially been opened with Montenegro , Serbia and Turkey .
A handout photo made available by Thai Navy Seal on July 4 , 2018 , shows Thai Navy officers and rescuers work inside a cave complex during the ongoing rescue operations for the child soccer team and their assistant coach , at Tham Luang cave in Khun Nam Nang Non Forest Park , Chiang Rai province , Thailand .
THAI NAVY SEAL / HANDOUT , EPA-EFE
Dramatic rescues from mines and caves should provide hope to families in Thailand awaiting word on the fate of a young soccer team trapped in a vast , watery cave .
The boys and their 25-year-old coach vanished almost two weeks ago after entering the cave before flooding caused by heavy rains blocked their exit . Divers found them Monday , hungry but safe . Now authorities are trying to determine how to get them out .
`` The average person ca n't imagine how difficult it would be , '' said Robert Laird , co-founder of the U.S.-based International Underwater Cave Rescue and Recovery . `` These kids are not diving just to go diving . They are in a life-or-death situation . ''
There have been many rescues around the globe over the years . Here are some of the most dramatic :
'Estamos bien en el refugio , los 33 '
A cave-in at a mine in Copiapó , Chile , on Aug. 5 , 2010 , trapped 33 men almost a half-mile underground . There was no word from the victims for 17 days , until rescuers drilled a test hole and sent a probe down into the mine . When they pulled the probe back up , a note was attached . The English translation : `` We are fine in the shelter , the 33 of us . '' Chilean officials teamed up with NASA and dozens of corporations in a global rescue effort . Food and water were sent down while an extrication plan was developed and executed . Trapped for 69 days , the men emerged essentially unharmed to worldwide acclaim .
More : Rescuers start teaching trapped Thailand cave boys to swim and dive
More : 'Life-or-death situation ' : Rescuers face huge obstacles
'Nine for nine '
Nine workers at the Quecreek Mine in Somerset Count , Pennsylvania , were trapped after accidentally breaking through a wall , releasing more than 70 million gallons of water into the mine on July 24 , 2002 . Rescuers feverishly drilled holes 240 feet down to provide air , not knowing if anyone was alive . More holes were drilled to pump water out of the mine . `` Nine for nine '' was the optimistic slogan Gov . Mark Schweiker coined as the nation awaited word . Three days later a microphone was sent down , and rescuers finally learned that all nine men were alive , trapped in a four-foot high tunnel . The next day all were retrieved safely . The result was the book `` Nine For Nine : The Pennsylvania Mine Rescue Miracle . ''
'Magnificent operation ' saves 7 in France
Seven experience potholers were trapped when heavy rains blocked exits to a five-mile network of caves in southern France on Nov. 22 , 1999 . That began a 10-day odyssey that gripped the European nation . Teams drilled a series of holes in an effort to find the men , who were carefully rationing food , water and lamp fuel . Virtually all hope was lost when they were finally found and brought back to the surface , still with about two more days of their minimal supplies . Regional Gov . Michel Sappin called the effort a `` magnificent operation , '' adding that the `` best reward was to be able to give the families the good news . ''
America spellbound by 'Baby Jessica '
It was only one person and the rescue only took 2 1/2 days , but very few news stories have seized the nation 's attention the way tiny Jessica McClure did . They were 18 months old when they fell into a backyard well at their aunt 's daycare center in Midland , Texas , on Oct. 14 , 1987 . With cable news just coming into its own — CNN had been broadcasting for seven years — the story of Baby Jessica drew 24/7 coverage . The well was 22 feet deep and only eight inches wide . Dense rock slowed efforts to drill a parallel shaft . Rescuers asked them to sing so they knew they were ok , and the song from Winnie the Pooh brought tears to their eyes . They were extricated to wild applause after 58 hours , losing a toe , gaining a small scar on their forehead but otherwise in good shape . A photo of the little girl , caked in dirt , being removed from the well would have gone viral if such things occurred in 1987 . Some solace for photographer Scott Shaw : It won them a Pulitzer Prize .
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai , Thailand , July 1 , 2018 . Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance . U.S . Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team , aged between 11 to 16 , and their their 25-year-old coach . 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai , Thailand , July 1 , 2018 . Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance . U.S . Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team , aged between 11 to 16 , and their their 25-year-old coach . 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Federal Labor MP Michael Danby will retire at the next election after 20 years in parliament .
The decision throws open the marginal seat of Melbourne Ports , which Mr Danby feels confident they could have won .
`` After 20 years as the Member for Melbourne Ports , it is time for the next chapter in my life , '' the veteran MP said .
`` This is wholly my choice . I would have been pre-selected for the next election had I chosen to remain . Notwithstanding the seat is marginal , I also believe I could have won the seat for an eighth term . ''
Mr Danby said they were indebted to their wife Amanda and children Byron and Laura , whose love and support had made their work easier .
They cited attending more than 200 citizenship ceremonies in the multicultural electorate as a highlight of their time in politics , saying parliament had a critical leadership role in upholding values of pluralism , diversity , ingenuity and sheer hard work .
ABC 's Scandal opened its seventh and final season on Thursday night with 5.6 million total viewers and a 1.4 demo rating , up from its May finale and right on par with its previous average . TVLine readers gave the episode an average grade of “ B- . ”
Bookending the ending drama , Grey 's Anatomy ( 7.9 mil/2.0 ) dipped 13 percent in the demo from its premiere but still tied NBC 's Will & Grace for the nightly win among non-sports programs , while How to Get Away With Murder ( 3.9 mil/0.9 ) ticked down to new series lows .
Over on NBC , the asupervisorstioned Will & Grace ( 7 mil/2.0 ) was down 31 and 33 percent from its boffo return . Leading out of that , Great News ( 3.8 mil/1.0 ) fell 27 and 23 percent and Chicago Fire ( 6.1 mil/1.2 ) slipped 15 and 20 percent . Opening the Peacock 's night , Superstore ( 4.5 mil/1.2 ) and The Good Place ( 4.2 mil/1.2 ) dipped one and two tenths respectively .
Fox 's Gotham ( 2.8 mil/0.9 ) hit a new audience low while flat in the demo ; The Orville ( 3.4 mil/0.9 ) ticked down to new lows .
CBS ' Thursday Night Football coverage ( 10.8 mil/3.2 ) matched last week 's fast nationals .
Want scoop on any of the above shows ? Email InsideLine @ tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt 's Inside Line .
LUXEMBOURG ( AP ) — Greece is hoping to secure more bailout funds to meet a summer debt repayment hump as well as a debt relief deal at a meeting of finance ministers from the 19-country eurozone .
The country , which has been promised help on its mountain of debt once its bailout ends next year , is again the main topic of discussion at a meeting of the so-called eurogroup Thursday .
The main obstacle to an agreement is a difference of opinion between the eurozone and the International Monetary Fund over Greece 's long-term debt outlook .
The expectation is Greece will get the roughly 7 billion euros ( $ 7.8 billion ) due , but will struggle to clinch the outlines of a debt relief deal that Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras thinks is crucial for the country 's economy in the long-term .
Officials from Serbia and Montenegro met with EU leaders December 12 to discuss accession . The digestion of the Western Balkans has been an aspiration of the bloc ever since the breakup of Yugoslavia began , but some successor states are of greater interest than others .
Upon taking office in 2014 , European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker adopted a conservative stance on European Union expansion — in no uncertain terms , they stated the bloc needed to `` take a break '' from enlargement , and would adopt no new members over the course of their five-year term .
Such positioning was a far cry from the President 's 2017 State of the Union address , in which they said Brussels must be open to new recruits — in particular , states in the Western Balkans , which once comprised Yugoslavia .
Accordingly , officials from Serbia and Montenegro — seen as frontrunners by bloc leaders — are meeting with EU officials December 11 to discuss their path to member statehood — and Juncker and European Parliament President Antonio Tajani are due to visit the region in 2018 .
Broadly in keeping with suggestions made in June by Johannes Hahn , Commissioner for Enlargement Negotiations , that Western Balkan states could be absorbed into the EU before 2024 , the Commission envisages the two frontrunners joining by 2025 at the latest .
Slowly but Surely
Ever since the breakup of Yugoslavia began in earnest in June 1991 , when Croatia and Slovenia declared independence from the confederation , the EU has had its proverbial eye on the region , although absorption of the fallen country 's constituent parts has been a slow process .
Slovenia was first to join in 2004 , and it was only in 2005 the six other successor countries were formally recognized as candidates for membership — it took until July 2013 for Croatia to become a fully-fledged EU member state .
Montengro and Serbia 's negotiations to join began in 2012 and 2014 respectively . Bosnia and Herzegovina has applied , and Macedonia is a considered a formal candidate — while negotiations have not started , they 've been pending since 2005 . Kosovo has not submitted an official application , but is considered a potential candidate in any event . In each country 's case , there are several factors that have served as barriers to accession .
Given the hitherto lethargic pace of EU enlargement in the region , what accounts for this sudden burst of activity ?
In a September speech by Emmanuel Macron the French President angsted over the prospect of these countries `` [ turning ] their backs on Europe '' and pivoting toward Russia and/or Turkey unless membership negotiations move forward quickly .
Serbia 's close political relationship with Russia has long been a sticking point for Brussels — Serb leaders have made clear they would never implement or accept anti-Russian sanctions , or change their policy of military neutrality and join an alliance such as NATO , or the planned future EU Army .
Moreover , support for EU membership in Serbia is low and ever-dwindling — the 2017 Balkan Barometer survey indicates a mere 26 percent of the population view the prospect as a positive one , a figure that has almost halved in four years . Such are official concerns about this escalating antipathy , the EU announced in September it had earmarked almost US $ 2 million for pro-bloc propaganda efforts in the country , in an attempt to boost public backing .
Preferential Treatment
The EU 's desperate dash to assimilate Serbia runs the risk of alienating the country 's neighbors , including Kosovo . In September , leader Hashim Thaci accused Commission ( EC ) of `` dealing a blow '' to and turning its back on the country , along with Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , and Macedonia , by not offering them a clear accession strategy .
READ MORE : Kosovo 's Leader Accuses Brussels of Turning Back on Western Balkan States
The breakaway territory would likely be last in the queue to join the EU in any event — the international community remains split over its 2008 declaration of independence , with many countries refusing to recognize it as a state in its own right , including five EU members — Spain , Greece , Romania , Slovakia and Cyprus .
​EU leaders are also concerned about hostilities directed at Kosovo 's Serbian minority population — around 50,000 , primarily clustered in the North . While Kosovo and Serbia alike have a formal policy of not impeding the other 's EU membership bids , and Kosovo 's government has granted a degree of autonomy to Serb-majority areas in the country , many frontline politicians are unhappy about the concession , and actively pledge to reverse it .
READ MORE : Albanians Seek to 'Demonstrate That Serbs Have No Place in Kosovo '
Moreover , a 2013 EU investigation found the government 's efforts at tackling human trafficking and criminal gangs responsible for the smuggling of illicit drugs and weapons was insufficient .
Music Preview : Wilderness Festival , Oxfordshire By
CREDIT : WILDERNESSFESTIVAL.COM
Of all the festivals set to grace fields across Britain this year , Wilderness ( 3rd-6th August ) is arguably the most eclectic . Back for its sixth year , this four-day cultural extravaganza set in a protected woodland in the heart of the Cotswolds could be your Oxford “ staycation ” if you 're stuck in the Bod or lab over summer ( and even if you 're not ) . Thoughtfully programmed , playful , and surprising at every turn , this is not your average weekend in the countryside , and certainly not your average music festival .
SOUND
Even if the promise of bonfires , fields and wild swimming lakes do n't tempt you into the wild , the music just might . Although it does n't claim to be one of the major players in the music stakes , Wilderness nevertheless attracts top-quality and particularly interesting line-ups . In 2015 it was the only festival the elusive Björk played , and 2017 's diverse bill is headlined by Grace Jones , Two Door Cinema Clubs , and Bonobo . Other likely BBC main-stage highlights are Michael Kiwanuka , First Aid Kit , and Aurora . Nighmares on Wax are DJing on the Valley stage , and The Atrium stage will keep jazz fans in high spirits , with Ronnie Scott 's presenting Lucky Peterson and a tribute to the wonderful late Nina Simone performed by Laura Mvula and special guests . Head to the Folk barn for intimate gigs , international flavours and a good old-fashioned knees-up – acts to watch are Josienne Clark and Ben Walker , Alice Phoebe Lou , and Yolanda Eyama 's Afro World Groove . Late night revelry is to be found in the secret underworld of the Love Hotel which presents fresh musical talent into the early hours , and the seething dancefloor of The Hustle shows that the festival ( nearly ) never sleeps . Participation is uniquely encouraged , with jam sessions , a festival choir , and karaoke abundant . Whatever your tastes , Wilderness is sure to throw something familiar , something new and something utterly bonkers at you . One stage is even a flashing rotating carousel , horses and all , which naturally , ca n't be missed .
SPEECH
As many an Oxford tutor has quipped , “ you vacate your rooms , not your brains ” – and you 're sure to keep those intellectual fires burning over this weekend . Wilderness is famed for its “ cerebral programming ” of talks and debates – this is one festival you 'll be leaving with impressive dinner-party facts , and a mind full of new ideas . Events are curated by Tate Britain , The Economist , Vice , and The School of Life to illuminate and entertain , along with speakers like Vince Cable , Bruce Parry , and Will Young . Identity is a key theme this year , talks grappling with race , Brexit , gender , sexuality and religion , as well as the Wilderness Utopia series which examines topics like democracy , money and myths . The Books tent will be brimming with eminent wordsmiths , afficionados of current affairs will enjoy the public dissection of the Sunday papers , and podcast-nerds will no doubt be excited by live recordings including “ No Such Thing as a Fish ” and “ Little Atoms ” .
SPECTACLE
Festival-goers will be treated to first-class theatre and dance every night – productions from the likes of Sadler 's Wells , National Theatre Live , Breakin ' Convention and Camden People 's Theatre are set to dazzle . Wayne McGregor and Rambert Dance Company offer performances and participatory workshops in contemporary dance , hip hop and ballet . You can also learn to swing dance and join the colourful Ceilidh Liberation Front for a skip and a twirl . Cutting edge documentaries and films are shown at the Lyceum secret film club . Catch a late-night burlesque fire-eating cabaret from Missy Fatale , and , if the mood takes you , you can get married at the mass wedding – to all of your friends at once – with party rings .
SUSTENANCE
Wilderness is one of those festivals that can genuinely claim gastronomy to be up there with the arts . You 're sure to work up quite an appetite from dancing , wild swimming and general field frolicking , and when you 're not cooking up a storm on the campfire , there 's certainly no shortage of mouthwatering options . On-site restaurants and a long-table banquet run by the revered Yotam Ottolenghi , while impressive , may not be particularly student-loan-friendly and more likely to be admired/sniffed from afar , but top-notch street-food vans are a-plenty . Fantastic reputations precede Paellaria , Spicebox , the Duck Truck , Good and Proper Tea , Deliciously Ella and The Breakfast Club . Treat yourself to a tipple from the Sipsmith Gin shop , Orchard Pig cider barn , Pimm 's Croquet club and the Peacock bar .
SILLINESS
Another fabulous thing about Wilderness is its explicit endorsement of whimsical fun and games . Put your Oxford-honed skills to use at Alice-in-Wonderland-themed croquet , join a round of cricket , bring your best game at the Club House 's sports-day-with-a-twist , “ dedicated to the ancient art of WINNING ” , which may or may not include naked wheelbarrow races… and for the less competitive , try your hand at the curious Aztec-disco-golf .
SURROUNDINGS
As if the programme was n't exhausting enough , the beautiful setting plays host to a wide range of activities : swimming and boating at the lake , archery , wild foraging , horse-riding , and an “ undercover spy mission ” ( intriguing… ) to name but a few . The festival has a strong ethos of connecting the outdoors with wellbeing , with workshops and classes ranging from your more typical yoga and mindfulness to a wonderfully diverse bill of crafty fun – you can learn to be a blacksmith , “ pimp ” your own pineapple , make a head-dress to flounce around in for the weekend , and , perhaps best of all , learn that truly invaluable life skill : anthropomorphic mouse taxidermy .
Wilderness 2017 is set to be a wonderland of activity , relaxation and learning , with a spot of hedonism for good measure . To get there from Oxford , take the train or the S3 bus to Charlbury and meet the festival shuttles/trek the mile-and-a-bit to the site . Alternatively , split a cab ( around £30 ) .
Tickets are still available for Wilderness Festival 2017 at Cornbury Park , Oxfordshire – visit wildernessfestival.com to pay upfront or via the deposit scheme .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Tuesday on Fox News , while addressing the resignation of Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser , Rep. Peter King ( R-NY ) said the leaks about the calls between Flynn and the Russian ambassador are “ a criminal action . ”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
King said , “ You go back to the question of the leaks , that is a criminal action . I mean to have a wiretap of anyone , a foreign national , and to have an American come on that , an American citizen come on that tape , there are all sorts of precautions in the law , how that person 's identity has to be masked , how it ca n't be made public . Yet , it was not only made public ; it was leaked to a newspaper . So you have the national security advisor being taped . That could have been a legal wiretap aimed at the Russians . Yet , to have that leaked violating the law , it 's clearly wrong . Again , more should be said about that . That should be pursued right to the end , to find out who leaked that and take strong action against them . Also , obviously , the whole situation was General Flynn , that will also be looked into . ”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @ pamkeyNEN
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
Summit talk turns warmer ; Trump says 'talking to them now '
Summit talk turns warmer ; Trump says 'talking to them now '
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she 's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women .
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she 's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women .
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North 's Kim Jong-un .
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North 's Kim Jong-un .
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said `` those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today '' and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said `` those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today '' and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores , asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores , asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being `` complacent '' this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being `` complacent '' this fall
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45 , not 50 .
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45 , not 50 .
( NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP ) . This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red . According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We ...
( NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP ) . This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red . According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We ...
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45 , not 50
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45 , not 50
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom , hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial .
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom , hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial .
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments , improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams , but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring .
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments , improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams , but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions ...
( AP Photo/Richard Vogel ) . People enter the University of Southern California 's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles , Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 . Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b ...
( AP Photo/Richard Vogel ) . People enter the University of Southern California 's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles , Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 . Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b ...
( AP Photo/Joe Skipper ) . FILE - In this March 24 , 2018 file photo , people take part in a `` March For Our Lives '' rally Saturday , March 24 , 2018 , in Parkland , Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal ...
( AP Photo/Joe Skipper ) . FILE - In this March 24 , 2018 file photo , people take part in a `` March For Our Lives '' rally Saturday , March 24 , 2018 , in Parkland , Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal ...
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation 's midsection , still raising possible flood threat .
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation 's midsection , still raising possible flood threat .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach , Fla .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach , Fla .
In New York , a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets .
In New York , a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets .
Starbucks will close more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training .
Starbucks will close more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training .
( AP Photo/Ron Todt , File ) . FILE – In this April 15 , 2018 , file photo , demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything . On Tuesday , May 29 ...
( AP Photo/Ron Todt , File ) . FILE – In this April 15 , 2018 , file photo , demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything . On Tuesday , May 29 ...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged .
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged .
( AP Photo/Alex Brandon ) . Dr. Balu Natarajan , right , from Hinsdale , Ill. , poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan , 12 , as they look at Dr. Natarajan 's winning word , at the Scripps National Spelling Bee , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , in Oxon Hill ...
( AP Photo/Alex Brandon ) . Dr. Balu Natarajan , right , from Hinsdale , Ill. , poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan , 12 , as they look at Dr. Natarajan 's winning word , at the Scripps National Spelling Bee , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , in Oxon Hill ...
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington .
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington .
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone , then did n't report either incident .
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone , then did n't report either incident .
LEXINGTON , Ky. ( AP ) - An explosion damaged a UPS freight hub Wednesday morning in Kentucky 's second-largest city , sending multiple people to the hospital in what fire officials described as an accidental blast .
Lexington Battalion Chief Jason Wells said a truck and trailer with an acetylene tank exploded in the building , news outlets reported . The cause of the explosion was not yet known , but the blast was n't suspicious .
`` Nothing leads us to believe this is anything other than an accidental explosion , '' the fire department tweeted .
The building on Blue Sky Parkway sustained significant damage , which was visible in the back of the building . The facility had been evacuated and everyone was accounted for , fire officials said .
Eight people received medical attention following the blast , Wells said . Two people taken to the hospital suffered from burns and possible concussions , and six others in the vicinity of the explosion were taken to the hospital for observation as a precaution , Wells said . Fire officials initially said about a dozen people received medical attention .
Lexington fire department spokesperson Jessica Bowman said the building 's structural stability was being checked as part of an effort to determine what happened and how .
Businesses near the site reported a loud explosion shortly before 8 a.m. EDT . Emergency crews rushed to the scene and restricted access to the area .
The blast was felt inside other buildings .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
[ India ] , June 15 ( ANI ) : Darjeeling Superintendent of Police Akhilesh Chaturvedi , who led the raid at Gorkha Janmukti Morcha ( GJM ) chief Bimal Gurung 's house and seized a large cache of arms on Thursday asserted that they had prior information and that a `` peace-minded person will never accumulate such kind of material . ''
Talking to media here , Chaturvedi said , `` Yesterday evening , we got the information that some kind of ammunition will come over and there will be an attack over the police . So , thats why in the morning , we conducted searches , raid and seizure at several places and recovered arrows , mechanised bows , prohibited arms , explosives , other contrabands , and a huge amount of cash . ''
Claiming that all sorts of legal action as per law against the people involved in collecting arms , Chaturvedi said any `` peace-minded person will not keep such material . ''
The Darjeeling SP further informed that they have detained two people in connection with the matter .
The police , earlier in the day , raided GJM chief Bimal Gurung 's office and recovered arms , arrows and cash .
In response to the police raid , the GJM called for an indefinite shutdown .
Gurung , a day before , had said that the police were working like the India Trinamool Congress ( TMC ) cadre and the fight would n't stop even if all Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF ) personnel of country were sent to Darjeeling .
`` The police work like TMC cadre . Even if all CRPF personnel of country are sent here , our fight wo n't stop , '' Gurung said .
Earlier , as many as six parties including the GJM and the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) adopted a resolution for a separate Gorkhaland state .
The Trinamool Congress ( TMC ) did not attend the meeting .
The Ministry of Home Affairs ( MHA ) is monitoring the situation developing in Darejeeling .
Inculpating the ruling TMC for the ongoing protest in Darjeeling by the GJM , the BJP accused the state government of alienating the community , which resultsed in them facing an identity crisis .
Bose held the state government responsible for the escalated tension in Darjeeling and said that the ruling regime can not solve this issue by simply providing some funds and forming the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration ( GTA ) .
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has branded the GJM protest as 'abhorrent ' and appealed to the people of the region to maintain peace .
The GJM supporters are also protesting against the alleged imposition of Bengali in the schools of the hills . ( ANI )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Advertisement
BLUEFIELD- Bluefield College Theatre will present Robert Harling 's beloved Southern comedy-drama Steel Magnolias , Thursday through Sunday , October 19-22 , featuring a special offering of dinner theatre for the Saturday , October 21 production .
Performances for BC Theatre 's Steel Magnolias will begin at 7:30 p.m. , Thursday , Friday and Saturday , October 19-21 , and at 3 p.m.on Sunday , October 22 , all inside Harman Chapel Auditorium . Dinner on Saturday will begin one hour prior to the show at 6:30 p.m.Admission for performances only will be $ 10 for adults and $ 5 for students and senior citizens . Members of the BC family will be admitted for free . Tickets for the Saturday dinner and show are $ 25 for adults and $ 10 for students and senior citizens and are available by reservation only at bluefield.edu/homecoming or by e-mailing jgrubb @ bluefield.edu .
Harling wrote Steel Magnolias recounting their family 's experience with the death of their sister from complications associated with diabetes in 1985 . The play opened off Broadway in 1987 and ran for 1,126 performances , closing in 1990 , a year after it was made into a very popular film starring Sally Fields , Julia Roberts , Dolly Parton , Shirley MacLaine , Olympia Dukakis , and Daryl Hannah . The movie was nominated for an Academy Award and won a Golden Globe and People 's Choice Award .
Both the play and film are about the bond a group of women in a small Southern town and how they cope with the death of one of their own . M'Lynn Eatenton is the mother of bride-to-be Shelby Eatenton . As the women prepare for the wedding , they find themselves in the hair salon of friend Truvy Jones , who has just welcomed a helping hand from aspiring beautician Annelle Dupuy Desoto . Joining the ladies to have their hair done are Clairee Belcher , the cheerful widow of the former mayor , and the short-tempered , grouchy and sarcastic Louisa “ Ouiser ” Boudreaux . Diabetic Shelby has a health scare , which is averted , but does n't bode well for their hopes of having children . Time passes , and the women and their friends encounter tragedy and good fortune , growing stronger and closer in the process .
The Bluefield College Theatre production of Steel Magnoliasfeatures a cast of three students and three BC alumni . Shelby is played by sophomore theatre major Ashley Burton . Them mother , M'Lynn , is played by senior theatre major Ginny Bird , while first-year student and theatre minor Lyndsey Brown takes on the role of Annelle .
Filling the role of Truvy is recent BC theatre graduate Heather Sharp . The comic duo of Ouiser and Clairee is played by alumni and Greater Bluefield theatre favorites Tiffany Carter and Cameron Burton . The play is directed by Bluefield College alumna and faculty member Jennifer Bohannan .
In addition to Steel Magnolias , Bluefield College Theatre 's 2017- ‘ 18 season will include Elf the Musical ( Bluefield Youth Theatre ) , December 12-16 ; The Servant of Two Masters , an Italian farce by Carlo Goldoni ( Bluefield College Theatre ) , January 25-28 ; an adaptation by BC theatre major Mary Jones of Dianne Wynn Jones ' popular youth fantasy novel Howl 's Moving Castle ( Bluefield College Theatre/Bluefield Youth Theatre ) , March 1-4 ; and The Wizard of Oz ( Bluefield College Theatre/Bluefield Youth Theatre ) , April 12-15 .
For more information about the season , contact the Bluefield College Theatre Department by phone at 276-326-4244 or by e-mail at creese @ bluefield.edu . For dinner theatre reservation for Steel Magnolias , visit bluefield.edu/homecoming or e-mailjgrubb @ bluefield.edu .
Related
Comments
comments
The thirty2give mobile phone app facilitates an innovative mentoring approach that allows people to use their smartphone to become a mentor or mentee anywhere around the globe . The app uses anonymity to eliminate unconscious bias to ensure that the transfer of knowledge is optimized .
Philadelphia , PA , USA , July 2 , 2018 — Recently , thirty2give LLC ( http : //www.thirty2give.com ) launched a ground-breaking mobile application that enables anyone with a smartphone to find or become a mentor anywhere in the world . The new app—called thirty2give—creates a global framework for transferring knowledge by bringing virtual mentors and mentees together in public and private chat rooms for the sole purpose of sharing their expertise .
“ Anyone can be a mentor ; it does n't matter whether you have zero or three degrees , ” said CEO David Cain . “ If you have a life experience , we believe that there is someone in the world that can benefit and learn from your experience . Our tagline , ‘ Reaching back to pay it forward , ' reflects our belief that there are many successful people around the world who are eager to share lessons from their achievements . ”
The thirty2give app facilitates the virtual matchup of mentees with mentors based on a number of factors , including generation , gender , geography , nationality , industry and expertise . Here 's how it works : Mentors simply complete a profile describing their experience . Mentees complete a similar profile and create a request detailing the type of support they are seeking . Then the mentee can query the list of available mentors and request the person who best matches their specifications . Thereafter , the mentor and mentee can access a chat room where they can interact in private .
With thirty2give , mentors and mentees can engage in a professional mentoring relationship that benefits both parties . Mentees can increase their productivity and performance , while mentors can receive an opportunity to give back , personal satisfaction and new ideas . Mentoring sessions involve two people giving each other 30 days of their time—which is how the app received its name . The 30-day commitment can be renewed if the mentee and mentor are satisfied with their relationship .
The thirty2give ( http : //www.thirty2give.com ) application is distinctive because it goes beyond the traditional match-making model and uses an anonymous method to pair mentors and mentees . During the matching process , no real names are given , and the participants ' gender , color and ethnicity are never disclosed . Therefore , the app can be used by people who normally would suffer from the notoriety of exposing themselves , such as celebrities , politicians , and even individuals who have physical disabilities . This not only protects the identity of both the mentor and mentee , but it encourages the most successful people in society to reach back and share their knowledge and wisdom with others without worry about someone exploiting their fame for personal gain . “ The result is a transfer of knowledge on an even playing field that is free of unconscious bias , ” Cain said .
In fact , unconscious bias—along with the reduced population of mentors due to the exodus of baby boomers from the work place and the work ethics of millennials—is a key factor that drove the creation of the new app . The mentoring relationship supported by the app relies on a “ curtain concept ” to foster anonymity in a way that makes the transfer of knowledge seamless , so both parties can talk freely without worrying about inadvertent prejudices . “ Think about it : If you had a curtain between you and a mentor where you could not be influenced or biased by appearances , gender , or race , imagine the questions you 'd ask , ” said Chief Marketing Officer Al Robinson . “ Imagine the knowledge you 'd gain with an invaluable experience as the end result . ”
The conceptual framework of the thirty2give app is based on the 1952 study by the Boston Symphony Orchestra 's use of a curtain to conduct blind auditions that shielded musicians from interviewers in an attempt to increase the recruitment of female artists . The interviewers ' evaluations were based solely on talent , resulting in an increase in the hiring rates of female musicians . Consequently , other symphonies began using the same tactic . Now thirty2give is using a similar strategy to benefit mentees and mentors who are taking advantage of its innovative application .
The thirty2give virtual mentoring app is currently available for download on iTunes for iPhone and Google Play for Android . For more information , contact David Cain at ( 855 ) 250-2355 or visit www.thirty2give.com .
About thirty2give LLC :
Established in 2018 , thirty2give LLC was founded by five professional executives who represent four different industries and each have more than 20 years of mentoring experience . The company , which is based in Philadelphia , Penn. , was originated from the concept of “ make the world better ” . Its overriding goal is to support a disruptive virtual mentoring approach that contributes to the success of people all around the globe .
Press & Media Contact :
David Cain , CEO
thirty2give LLC
Philadelphia , PA – USA
+1 855-250-2355
info @ thirty2give.com
http : //www.thirty2give.com
You 're looking at a petite crossover that might not be offered in the United States in its refreshed guise as rumors are indicating FCA 's boss Sergio Marchionne has plans to retire Fiat not only from the U.S. market , but also from China . It wo n't be happening right away , with reports suggesting sales of Fiat models in North America will end in the coming years . We 'll know what 's what tomorrow when Marchionne 's last plan as CEO of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles will be officially revealed .
Getting back to the prototype at hand , do n't let the generous amount of camouflage trick you into believing the 500X will go through major styling changes . Having seen the minor facelift for the 500 city car , you do n't have to be the Nostradamus of the automotive industry to figure out the design updates the jacked-up X version will receive for its upcoming mid-cycle revision .
An Italian take on the Jeep Renegade , the 500X is expected to feature mildly modified bumpers and updated headlights and taillights in the same vein as those of the 500 facelift . Fiat 's subcompact crossover will likely go through more significant changes inside the cabin where the Uconnect infotainment system is going to be brought up to date .
There 's nothing to report yet regarding engine lineup in the U.S. where the turbocharged 1.4-liter and the naturally aspirated 2.4-liter will likely stick around with the same 160 hp & 184 lb-ft ( 250 Nm ) and 180 hp & 175 lb-ft ( 237 Nm ) , respectively . A six-speed manual transmission and a nine-speed automatic will be offered depending on trim , while a grippy all-wheel-drive system will cater those with an appetite for some mild off-roading .
Fiat has n't said when it will take the wraps off the 500X refresh , but we do know for sure it wo n't be at the Paris Motor Show in October . The company is skipping this year 's event , along with other members of the FCA family , including Alfa Romeo and Jeep .
Photos : CarPix
LOGO MANIA : After the Balenciaga Paris souvenir scarf and the Balenciaga Ikea-inspired tote , the brand that elevates generic items into desirable designer objects is bringing out Balenciaga mugs and sleeping masks .
The items are part of a selection of exclusive products created to celebrate Balenciaga 's takeover of the first floor of landmark Paris concept store Colette , as part of a new series of guest slots .
Creative director Demna Gvasalia has concocted a series of events for its residency , scheduled to run from June 19 to Aug. 5 , including installations , an art exhibit and free manicures , courtesy of Balenciaga 's nail artist Mei Kawajiri .
Its men 's fall collection , inspired by corporate culture , will be the centerpiece of the display . A selection of looks from the women 's collection , available exclusively at Colette , will be offered in key fabrics and colors borrowed from the men 's line , alongside novelty items like the asupervisorstioned mugs .
Customers will be able to admire “ Cake , ” a sculpture by German-Norwegian artist Yngve Holen consisting of a Porsche Panamera sawed into four pieces . It belongs to Lafayette Anticipation , the art foundation backed by retailer Groupe Galeries Lafayette , which last year staged a fashion show for Gvasalia 's Vetements brand .
The space will be scented with an exclusive fragrance evoking the interior of a car . In parallel , the windows of Colette 's first floor will feature inward-facing screens showing street scenes filmed in New York , London and Berlin , allowing customers to soak up the atmosphere of other big cities .
From June 19 to June 25 , the downstairs windows at Colette will display an hourglass installation consisting of two transparent boxes , in which blue sand will fall from the top of one box over a Balenciaga logo before disappearing into the bottom of the second box in a continuous motion .
In the spirit of a real office , Balenciaga will bring in two digital garment printers allowing customers to personalize T-shirts and hooded sweatshirts by choosing from a selection of graphic designs . The line , available from June 19 to July 10 , will be limited to 900 pieces .
To mark the annual Fête de la Musique on June 21 , it will put on sale a limited edition of 100 vinyl records featuring the soundtrack of the women 's fall show by Boyfriend . Kawajiri will be on hand from July 2 to 6 to offer customers exact reproductions of nail designs featured in previous women 's and men 's shows .
Will a new riverfront concert venue close the gap between Fishtown and the Delaware - or widen it ? | Inga Saffron
Will a new riverfront concert venue close the gap between Fishtown and the Delaware - or widen it ? | Inga Saffron Jun 28
Inga Saffron , The Inquirer 's architecture critic , writes about architecture , design and planning issues . They were awarded the 2014 Pulitzer Prize in Criticism . Them popular column , `` Changing Skyline '' , has been appearing on Fridays in the paper 's Home & Design section since 1999 . In 2012 , they completed a Loeb Fellowship at Harvard University 's Graduate School of Design .
This is a preliminary rendering of the Wawa and 320-car parking garage that Michael Grasso 's Metro Development wants to build on Spring Garden Street , just a block from the Delaware River .
Wawa is all over the Delaware waterfront this week , and that 's fine . It 's the rest of the year that 's the problem .
For the 10th year , the convenience store chain is the main sponsor of Welcome America , the big birthday bash that Philadelphia puts on to celebrate America 's founding . Like the city itself , the festivities begin on the Delaware and move inland , with a mouthwatering selection of music , food , and fireworks .
Unfortunately , Wawa now seems intent on making its presence on the waterfront a permanent thing . After briefly abandoning the Center City market a few years back , it has made an aggressive return , opening outposts on what seems like every other corner of Chestnut and Walnut Streets . The next frontier appears to be Philadelphia 's Central Delaware .
In a matter of just a few months , Wawa has proposed not one , but two , suburban-style Super Wawa stores along the river , complete with gas pumps and generous amounts of parking . It started its campaign late last year when it focused on a site in South Philadelphia owned by developer Bart Blatstein . Although the proposal has already received intense pushback from the nearby Pennsport neighborhood , the company is steaming ahead with a similar store-and-gas-station combo at Front and Spring Garden in Northern Liberties , a block inland from the water . Knowing Wawa , and its penchant for territorial domination , this looks more like a coordinated strategy than a simple coincidence .
Given the cultlike worship of Wawa in Philadelphia , I feel the need to state here that I 've got nothing against the chain , and even enjoy a Shorti now and then . I also believe that any well-run , well-stocked convenience store could be a terrific amenity for Philadelphia 's underserved waterfront . If the proposed stores were incorporated into a residential or commercial building , I would heartily welcome Wawa to the river .
But the made-for-the-highway Super Wawa is the wrong form for these two locations . What is particularly troubling is that Wawa chose to pursue the two projects even though it knows full well that the city 's zoning code forbids such car-oriented developments on the Central Delaware . The restriction was adopted in 2011 as part of the waterfront master plan — a plan that was a product of a lengthy series of community meetings . To win the zoning variances it needs for the two stores , Wawa would have to subvert that public consensus . The Northern Liberties Neighborhood Association , Central Delaware Advocacy Group , and the Delaware River Waterfront Corp. all oppose it .
You could argue that the waterfront already has plenty of auto-friendly businesses , so what 's a couple more . It 's that kind of thinking that got us in the mess we 're in today . For decades , Delaware Avenue was treated like a dumping ground for strip malls and gas stations , and their existence has eroded the waterfront 's urban character and walkability . The purpose of the master plan is to steer this area in a new direction .
Urbanization does n't happen overnight , but the waterfront has experienced a series of small victories in the last seven years , from pier parks to the new Fringe Arts theater to One Water Street , a 16-story apartment building . If you walk around Wawa 's proposed site on Spring Garden Street today , you 'll be struck by the astonishing number of new apartments and townhouses , all creeping toward the water .
More are coming , too . It looks as if a plan by the Delaware River Waterfront Corp. to build a large , mixed-use complex on Festival Pier is finally gathering steam . The project could ultimately bring 550 apartments and 30,000 square feet of retail to Delaware Avenue .
Ironically , the Festival Pier development is what precipitated the latest Super Wawa proposal . When not hosting concerts , the pier has long served as a parking lot for several nearby businesses , including an office building across the street . About 125 spaces will be eliminated when Festival Pier is shut down at the end of the summer .
To make up for the loss , Michael Grasso , of Metro Development , wants to combine two bad projects into one : Their plan would make the Super Wawa a tenant in a five-story , 320-car garage . The parking structure would occupy the entire block between Spring Garden and Fairmount Avenue , between Front and Beach Streets — a site that happens to be one block from the Market-Frankford El stop . Wawa 's gas pumps would be on the corner of Beach , right next to the existing Lukoil gas station .
On top of everything else , Grasso is seeking a permit to demolish the sole remaining building on the site , a handsome , early-20th-century brick structure that was once owned by the Philadelphia Transit Co. , SEPTA 's predecessor . The soaring one-story building most likely served as an electrical substation and is one of the few remaining relics of the waterfront 's industrial past that is still standing in the vicinity It 's easy to imagine it as a theater or restaurant . Sacrificing it for parking is a huge waste .
I asked Grasso why they thought a parking garage was a good use for a site with such excellent transit connections . They told me that the tenants in their office building — including the city 's Board of Elections — are demanding that they replace the 125 spaces being eliminated at Festival Pier . The lease from Wawa would enable them to finance the garage 's construction .
All right then , how about designing a smaller garage and making it part of an apartment building ? Wawa can lease the ground floor , just as it has done elsewhere in Center City . A traditional street-wall building , inhabited by human beings instead of cars , would bring life to Spring Garden Street and tie together the string of new residential developments . Maybe one day the Lukoil gas station would even be replaced .
What happens on Festival Pier will determine the future of the Delaware waterfront . Unlike most of the land along the river , the pier site is fully integrated into Center City and its transit network . Think of the new mixed-use project as the waterfront 's main anchor . Let 's not let the lure of Wawa coffee and its hoagies undermine the revival we 've been waiting for on the Delaware .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations said Sunday that women who accuse someone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard , even if it involves President Donald Trump .
“ I know that they were elected , but women should always feel comfortable coming forward . And we should all be willing to listen to them , ” Nikki Haley said on CBS ' “ Face the Nation . ”
Trump , a Republican , won the White House last year despite the election season release of a 2005 “ Access Hollywood ” tape in which they described grabbing women 's private parts , followed by accusations by several women of aggressive sexual misconduct . Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders has since reiterated the White House 's position that the women who accused Trump of sexual harassment are lying .
On Sunday , Haley , who was the first female governor of South Carolina , praised the courage of women who have raised complaints of harassment in various industries , including government and Hollywood , saying they will “ bring a conscience to the situation . ”
“ Women who accuse anyone should be heard . They should be heard and they should be dealt with , and I think we heard them prior to the election , ” said Haley , a Republican . “ I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way , they have every right to speak up . ”
Asked whether Trump 's election settled the issue , Haley said it was “ for the people to decide . ”
The wave of allegations has brought down powerful figures , including the resignations last week of Rep. John Conyers Jr. , D-Mich. , Sen. Al Franken , D-Minn. , and Rep. Trent Franks , R-Ariz .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson 's 5 goals
1:02 The importance of South Carolina 's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting , explains motive
1:55 Godspeed , John Glenn : 1921-2016
4:00 QB Bobby Fuller reminisces about USC playing days , their moment in the movies
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork & Goal : Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad . It 's educational , invigorating and just plain fun . With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands . In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation . The more pre-planning that you do , the fewer hassles during your travels . Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “ Trip of a Lifetime ! ”
Vacation With Your Valentine : America 's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America 's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine 's Day
Late autumn and winter can seem to be a palette of gray if we do n't have any green perennials in our line of sight . Yes , there are perennials that stay green in winter and some are hardier than you think . Here are seven of our favorites—find some that will grow in your USDA Zone .
7 Perennials for a Greener Winter View
1 & 2 Cyclamen hederifolium ( above ) and C. coum ( Zones 4–8 ) . Their leaves emerge in fall to form a low mat of two-tone green leaves . They bloom in late winter or early spring , then disappear for the summer .
3 Little brown jug ( Asarum arifolium ; Zones 5–9 ) puts forth silver-marked green leaves that can be six inches wide . It prefers damp shade .
4 Broadleaf toothwort ( Cardamine diphylla ( above ) ; Zones 4–8 ) has three-lobed leaves in dark green with white veins . They are purplish underneath . This plant appears in fall and goes dormant in spring .
Evergreen Ferns
5 , 6 & 7 Christmas fern ( Polystichum acrostichoides ; Zones 4–9 ) ; marginal shield fern ( Dryopteris marginalis ( above ) ; Zones 3–8 ) ; autumn fern ( D. erythrosora ; Zones 5–8 ) ; holly fern ( Cyrtomium falcatum ; Zones 6–10 ) ; variegated shield fern ( Arachniodes simplicior ; Zones 6–9 ) .
This excerpt originally appeared in Horticulture April 2011 issue . Back issues available at GardenersHub.com .
Subscribe to Horticulture and join thousands of gardeners just like you who have the issue delivered right to their door .
Related Posts :
Aisha Sharma , who is set to make their debut with upcoming film “ Satyameva Jayate “ , says they believe in speaking their mind without any fear .
The actor added that they connect with their character in “ Satyameva Jayate ” over this quality .
They will be seen essaying role of a young girl , Shikha , who is a veterinarian by profession but believes in raising their voice against injustice and standing for them truth .
“ Shikha is a very real character . They are today 's girl with a modern outlook to life and believes is standing against at wrong doings . She 's not meek , they stand their own , ” Aisha said in a statement to IANS .
“ For me , when I read the script and etched out their personality in my mind , I did see alot of common ground between their thought process and way of life like my own . I 've always spoken my mind and never been afraid to call things as I see them . Growing up in fact , I have landed myself into trouble too courtesy my need to be the crusader of change , ” they added .
Busselton celebrate winning the Bunbury Basketball Assocation Under-16 A Girls Grand Final on Friday night .
Busselton celebrate winning the Bunbury Basketball Assocation Under-16 A Girls Grand Final on Friday night . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Junior basketball in the city came to an end when the Bunbury Basketball Association grand finals were held at the South West Sports Centre on Friday night .
A total of 36 teams faced off in 18 grand finals , which ranged from the under-14 division to under-19 .
Pictures from the events :
Busselton 's Annika Luff takes a free throw . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Tornadoes Tigers ' Harmoney Jennings drives on the basket . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Tornadoes Tigers ' Zaya Black tries to break through Busselton 's defence . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Tornadoes Tigers ' Gloria Humphries takes the ball up the court . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Tornadoes Tigers ' Javene Fitch tries to make their way to the basket . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Aces Kingz 's Pharell Keats takes the ball up the court . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Junior Bulls ' Riley Coulson takes control of the ball . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Junior Bulls ' Max Rognetta takes on Aces Kingz 's Isaac Nixon . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Junior Bulls ' Grayden Read looks towards the opposition 's defence . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Junior Bulls ' Max Rognetta takes a free throw . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Grammar Gold 's Jesse Heywood puts up a lay-up . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Grammar Gold 's Oliver Ginbey takes on a defender . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
Aces Magic 's Connor Solly looks for an option up the court . Picture : Mitchell Woodcock / South Western Times
By The Associated Press
Edmonton 0 0 0—0 Toronto 1 0 0—1
First Period_1 , Toronto , Hyman 6 ( Gardiner , Nylander ) , 0:34 . Penalties_None .
Second Period_None . Penalties_Martin , TOR , ( holding ) , 6:07 ; Nugent-Hopkins , EDM , ( slashing ) , 8:29 ; Kassian , EDM , ( hooking ) , 10:11 ; Polak , TOR , ( cross-checking ) , 17:38 ; Marner , TOR , ( tripping ) , 17:38 .
Third Period_None . Penalties_Marner , TOR , ( tripping ) , 1:48 .
Shots on Goal_Edmonton 6-19-16_41 . Toronto 11-7-5_23 .
Power-play opportunities_Edmonton 0 of 4 ; Toronto 0 of 2 .
Goalies_Edmonton , Brossoit 2-5-1 ( 23 shots-22 saves ) . Toronto , McElhinney 2-2-0 ( 41-41 ) .
T_2:18 .
Referees_Jean Hebert , Garrett Rank . Linesmen_Shandor Alphonso , Jonny Murray .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 4-2-0 6-0-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 3-0-0 Buffalo 6 6 0 .500 227 283 4-2-0 2-4-0 4-4-0 2-2-0 1-2-0 N.Y . Jets 5 7 0 .417 266 288 4-3-0 1-4-0 5-4-0 0-3-0 2-3-0 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 3-3-0 2-4-0 4-4-0 1-3-0 1-2-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Tennessee 8 4 0 .667 266 282 5-1-0 3-3-0 7-4-0 1-0-0 4-1-0 Jacksonville 8 4 0 .667 299 178 4-2-0 4-2-0 8-2-0 0-2-0 3-1-0 Houston 4 8 0 .333 296 309 3-3-0 1-5-0 3-6-0 1-2-0 1-3-0 Indianapolis 3 9 0 .250 205 330 2-4-0 1-5-0 2-6-0 1-3-0 1-4-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Pittsburgh 10 2 0 .833 281 213 4-1-0 6-1-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 4-0-0 Baltimore 7 5 0 .583 280 207 4-2-0 3-3-0 5-3-0 2-2-0 2-1-0 Cincinnati 5 7 0 .417 219 238 3-3-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 0-1-0 2-3-0 Cleveland 0 12 0 .000 176 308 0-6-0 0-6-0 0-10-0 0-2-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Kansas City 6 6 0 .500 303 274 3-2-0 3-4-0 4-4-0 2-2-0 2-1-0 L.A. Chargers 6 6 0 .500 268 212 3-3-0 3-3-0 4-5-0 2-1-0 2-2-0 Oakland 6 6 0 .500 249 278 4-3-0 2-3-0 5-5-0 1-1-0 2-2-0 Denver 3 9 0 .250 206 315 3-3-0 0-6-0 2-7-0 1-2-0 2-3-0 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div Philadelphia 10 2 0 .833 361 215 6-0-0 4-2-0 8-1-0 2-1-0 4-0-0 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 3-4-0 4-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 4-1-0 Washington 5 7 0 .417 272 314 3-3-0 2-4-0 4-6-0 1-1-0 1-4-0 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 1-5-0 1-6-0 0-9-0 2-2-0 0-4-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 5-1-0 4-3-0 7-3-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Carolina 8 4 0 .667 269 238 3-2-0 5-2-0 4-4-0 4-0-0 2-2-0 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 4-3-0 4-2-0 7-2-0 1-3-0 2-1-0 Tampa Bay 4 8 0 .333 243 288 3-2-0 1-6-0 2-6-0 2-2-0 0-3-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div Minnesota 10 2 0 .833 285 204 5-1-0 5-1-0 8-1-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Detroit 6 6 0 .500 314 308 2-4-0 4-2-0 5-4-0 1-2-0 3-1-0 Green Bay 6 6 0 .500 258 281 4-3-0 2-3-0 5-4-0 1-2-0 2-2-0 Chicago 3 9 0 .250 191 267 2-5-0 1-4-0 1-9-0 2-0-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div L.A. Rams 9 3 0 .750 361 222 4-2-0 5-1-0 6-3-0 3-0-0 3-1-0 Seattle 8 4 0 .667 290 222 4-2-0 4-2-0 6-3-0 2-1-0 4-0-0 Arizona 5 7 0 .417 219 310 3-3-0 2-4-0 3-6-0 2-1-0 2-3-0 San Francisco 2 10 0 .167 202 298 1-5-0 1-5-0 2-9-0 0-1-0 0-5-0
___
Thursday 's Games
Atlanta 20 , New Orleans 17
Sunday 's Games
Dallas 30 , N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31 , Minnesota 24
San Francisco at Houston , 1 p.m .
Chicago at Cincinnati , 1 p.m .
Green Bay at Cleveland , 1 p.m .
Detroit at Tampa Bay , 1 p.m .
Indianapolis at Buffalo , 1 p.m .
Oakland at Kansas City , 1 p.m .
Washington at L.A. Chargers , 4:05 p.m .
Tennessee at Arizona , 4:05 p.m .
N.Y . Jets at Denver , 4:05 p.m .
Seattle at Jacksonville , 4:25 p.m .
Philadelphia at L.A. Rams , 4:25 p.m .
Baltimore at Pittsburgh , 8:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
New England at Miami , 8:30 p.m .
Thursday , Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis , 8:25 p.m .
Saturday , Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit , 4:30 p.m .
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City , 8:25 p.m .
Sunday , Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants , 1 p.m .
Cincinnati at Minnesota , 1 p.m .
Houston at Jacksonville , 1 p.m .
Arizona at Washington , 1 p.m .
N.Y . Jets at New Orleans , 1 p.m .
Miami at Buffalo , 1 p.m .
Green Bay at Carolina , 1 p.m .
Baltimore at Cleveland , 1 p.m .
L.A. Rams at Seattle , 4:05 p.m .
New England at Pittsburgh , 4:25 p.m .
Tennessee at San Francisco , 4:25 p.m .
Dallas at Oakland , 8:30 p.m .
Monday , Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay , 8:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney ) -- Facebook started on desktop computers and fought its way onto smartphones . Now it wants to own your television too .
Facebook said Tuesday it plans to launch apps for Apple TV , Amazon Fire TV and Samsung Smart TV . They will bring videos shared on the social network into the living room .
The video app is expected to roll out `` soon '' to these three TV platforms , with others to come later , according to the company .
The launch could position Facebook to grab a share of lucrative TV advertising budgets at a time when the company is hitting a ceiling for the number of online ads it can put it in front of users .
Facebook has invested in live video , made it easier to search for videos and has begun dipping its toes into the market for original content .
`` I see video as a megatrend on the same order as mobile , '' Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook 's CEO and cofounder , said on an earnings call this month . `` That 's why we 're going to keep putting video first across our family of apps and making it easier for people to capture and share video in new ways . ''
Facebook is also taking steps to make videos more engaging -- or more of a nuisance , depending on your perspective .
The social network 's videos will begin to autoplay with the sound turned on when the phone is not set to silent . It 's also embracing vertical video , a format popularized by rival Snapchat .
Facebook faces a competitive market that includes Google 's YouTube , traditional TV networks and Snapchat , which may soon have billions of dollars to throw around thanks to its upcoming IPO .
Last year , Facebook hired CollegeHumor founder Ricky Van Veen to oversee investments in original programming . Facebook has also paid publishers and celebrities to create live videos .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
[ India ] , April 25 ( ANI ) : Nearly five years after rape charges were levelled against self-styled godman , Asaram Bapu , the Jodhpur Schedule Caste and Schedule Tribe Court is set to pronounce its verdict today .
Asaram 's involvement was probed in two separate cases - one from Rajasthan and the other from Gujarat .
In the case registered in Rajasthan , a teenage girl from Shahajahanpur of Uttar Pradesh had accused Asaram of raping them at their ashram in Manai village near Jodhpur on the night of August 15 , 2013 , while in Gujarat , two Surat-based sisters lodged separate complaints against the self-styled godman and their son Narayan Sai , accusing them of rape .
However , ahead of the pronouncement of the verdict in the above cases , here are the developments that have taken place so far : -Asaram was taken into police custody in August 2013 , following which they were taken to Jodhpur Central jail . A month later , a potency test was conducted on them and was produced before a Jodhpur court . While the self-styled godman has filed a number of bail petitions , a total of 12 applications were rejected by the trial court , the Rajasthan High Court , and the Supreme Court . -In November the same year , the chargesheet filed against Asaram and four others had indicated blackmail in exchange of sexual favours , after which the former was booked under Sections 342 , 376 , 506 and 509 of the Indian Penal Code , and Section 8 of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act ( POCSO ) . -In the years that followed , a number of the key witnesses in the case were attacked or went missing . In 2014 , Asaram 's personal aide was shot dead , while another associate was killed in 2015 in Muzaffarnagar . In the same year , two more witnesses were attacked by unidentified individuals , while another witness went missing from Lucknow . -Ahead of the pronouncement of the verdict , security has been beefed up in three states , namely Rajasthan , Gujarat , and Haryana . Furthermore , the judgement in the case will be pronounced inside the Jodhpur Central Jail , fearing possible communal violence similar to that in Panchkula following the conviction of controversial godman Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh in a rape case . -The Jodhpur Court also dismissed a petition seeking entry of media persons in Central Jail of Jodhpur for the coverage of the judgement . -Furthermore , Section 144 of the Code of Criminal Procedure ( CrPC ) will be imposed in Jodhpur till April 30 . ( ANI )
Disabled taxi passengers across Scotland wo n't be able to take advantage of a new law because their councils have n't made the right preparations , according to disability activist research .
Just eight of 32 councils in Scotland are expecting to meet the government-recommended October deadline to ensure equal treatment for disabled taxi passengers .
A change in the Equality Act enacted in April this year means that taxi drivers face a fine of up to £1,000 if they refuse to transport wheelchair users or attempt to charge them extra .
However , the law only applies to drivers registered on council lists of wheelchair accessible taxis , known as Section 167 lists . Perth and Kinross Council is the only council in Scotland to have completed a list , with a further seven expecting to meet the deadline before October .
Eighteen councils have no plans to create a list or do not know if they will do so , leaving disabled passengers in areas including Aberdeen and Stirling facing overpriced rides and difficulty booking trips .
Disability activist Doug Paulley conducted Freedom of Information research with all councils in England , Scotland and Wales . Of them , only 11 per cent of councils has created a list , with a further 30 per cent intending to do so this year . That means 59 per cent have no firm plans to hit the deadline , including 26 per cent who have no plans to create a list at all .
Paulley and charity Muscular Dystrophy UK , which campaigns for disability rights , are calling on the government to make councils take their responsibilities seriously , and for all councils to set a deadline for creating a list .
Nic Bungay , Director of Campaigns , Care and Information at Muscular Dystrophy UK , which lobbied for years for the law change , said :
“ Taxis are not a luxury for disabled people – they often represent the only way to get from A to B when public transport is n't accessible . Doug 's research comprehensively demonstrates how many councils are failing to ensure that disabled passengers are not penalised . We need them all to implement lists now as per the government 's recommendations , and for the Department for Transport to promote the lists as a matter of urgency . ”
Doug Paulley carried out the research following a Select Committee report into the Equality Act 2010 on disability . They say :
“ It is disappointing that the Government 's intent in bringing in this legislation is being undermined by the failure of many councils to undertake the required office work , meaning that taxi drivers can continue to discriminate against wheelchair users with impunity . While conducting this research , it became clear that many councils simply did n't think to create them until prompted . I recommend disabled people and their allies raise the issue with their local council . ”
Paulley 's research also found that : -
· Two fifths of councils have under 10 per cent of their vehicles registered as wheelchair accessible , with 15 having no wheelchair-accessible taxis registered at all ;
· Only 30 per cent of councils requires taxi drivers to take part in disability awareness training .
Research by Muscular Dystrophy UK in 2016 has indicated that a quarter of disabled people have been refused service by a taxi driver , purely because they are disabled .
The results of the 32 responding councils in Scotland :
· Councils that have already created a Section 167 list : Perth and Kinross ( 1 ) ;
· Councils that plan to produce a Section 167 lists this year , meeting government guidance : East Renfrewshire , Shetland Islands , South Ayrshire , City of Edinburgh , West Dunbartonshire , Dundee City , Glasgow City ( 7 ) ;
· Councils that plan to produce a Section 167 list but with no specified deadline : Dumfries and Galloway , East Ayrshire , Na h-Eileanan Siar , Inverclyde , West Lothian , North Lanarkshire ( 6 ) ;
· Councils that are undecided on whether to produce a list : Falkirk , Highland , Midlothian , Moray , North Ayrshire , Orkney Islands , South Lanarkshire , Aberdeen City , Renfrewshire , East Dunbartonshire ( 10 ) ;
· Councils that have no current plans to produce a list : Clackmannanshire , East Lothian , Fife , Scottish Borders , Stirling , Aberdeenshire , Argyll and Bute , Angus ( 8 ) .
Alexandre Julliard had been issuing weekly release candidates of Wine 2.0 but given the holidays , he 's skipping this week but has provided a status update.Julliard plans to resume the weekly release candidates next Friday and is anticipating still having `` a couple more '' release candidates . Thus they say they are anticipating to officially release Wine 2.0.0 in the second half of January , per this mailing list post See our Wine 2.0 feature overview for those looking forward to this annual stable release for this software to run Windows programs on Linux and other operating systems.With it also being the end of the year , here 's a look back at our most popular Wine articles this month on Phoronix.Wine 1.9.8 is now available as the latest development snapshot of this program for running Windows programs/games on Linux , OS X , and other operating systems.With having just wrapped up the Windows 10 vs. Linux Radeon Software Performance benchmarking roundabout , I decided to run some very quick tests with Wine and Wine-Staging while gauging interest to run a larger Wine comparison.Wine has long been working on its Direct3D 11 support , but it 's not quite ready for major Windows games with the upcoming Wine 2.0 release . With some work that did n't make the cut for Wine 2.0 , Blizzard 's Overwatch game appears to be running well.The Wine project 's first development release of 2016 is now available.With Wine having moved to annual , time-based releases , the code freeze is indeed imminent for the next stable release , Wine 2.0.Wine 1.8.3 is now the latest stable version of this open-source software for running Windows programs and games on Linux and other operating systems.The Wine-Staging 1.9.6 release adds an experimental Vulkan wrapper for running Vulkan Windows binaries on Linux.Now that Wine 2.0 is under a feature freeze with Wine 2.0-rc1 having been released , I spent some time this Sunday looking back at the new features added during the Wine 1.9 development series.Wine 1.9.14 was released today as the newest bi-weekly Wine development release for running your favorite Windows games/applications on Linux and other operating systems.Wine 1.9.9 was released earlier today as the newest development release for this software to run Windows applications/games on Linux , OS X , and other operating systems.Wine 1.9.6 was released this morning as the latest bi-weekly development release of Wine.Wine 1.9.21 is available this Friday as the latest bi-weekly release of this software for running Windows programs on Linux and other operating systems .
April 10 Rent-a-center Inc
* Announces new strategic plan to drive growth , improve profitability and deliver enhanced stockholder value
* Reestablishing 2x2 matrix cost-based approach as its foundational pricing strategy
* Targets revenue growth in low-single digits in 2018
* Sees EPS target of $ 1.20 - $ 1.40 for 2018
* Targets revenue growth in mid-single digits in 2019
* As a result of new plan expects 2018 target free cash flow $ 70 - $ 90 million
* Sees EPS target of $ 2.00 - $ 2.25 for 2019
* As a result of new plan expects 2019 target free cash flow $ 110 - $ 130 million
* J.P. Morgan is rent-a-center 's financial advisor and Winston & Strawn is serving as its legal advisor
* Improving early payout options that promote ownership , with expectation return on investment will increase from about 2.7x to 3.0x
* Anticipates initiatives will result in an estimated run-rate EBITDA improvement of approximately $ 65 million by 2018-2019
* Rent-A-Center-Steps to restore profitability in U.S . Core business is expected to result in estimated run-rate EBITDA improvement of about $ 40 million by 2018-2019 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Retailers are doing a delicate dance when it comes to handling the Ivanka Trump brand . Here 's a list of some of the retailers who carry the brand and those who have scaled back or dropped the label :
AMAZON : Carries a diverse assortment of products .
BUY BUY BABY : The baby accessories chain owned by Bed , Bath & Beyond says that it will carry Ivanka Trump baby products in some stores where justified by demand . The products including diaper bags have disappeared from its online site .
BELK INC . Carries Ivanka Trump products in its stores but no longer online .
Advertisement
BURLINGTON COAT FACTORY : Quietly removed Ivanka Trump products on its website in February but still carries them in its stores .
DILLARD 'S : Carries clothes and accessories .
LORD & TAYLOR : Carries clothes , shoes and other accessories .
MACY 'S INC. : Both Macy 's and Bloomingdale 's carry clothes , shoes and other accessories .
NEIMAN MARCUS : No longer carries Ivanka Trump high-end jewelry collection because the brand has phased out the line in favor of a more affordable collection .
NORDSTROM INC. : No longer carries the brand 's clothing and accessories because it says sales had declined .
PERFUMANIA : Carries Ivanka Trump fragrances .
QVC INC. : No longer carries Ivanka Trump items .
SAKS OFF FIFTH : Quietly eliminated its products online but still carries items in stores .
SEARS HOLDINGS CORP. : The parent of Sears and Kmart says the stores have removed “ a very small number ” of Trump-branded items online .
TJX COS. : Continues to offer Ivanka Trump merchandise at T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores , but has said it 's mixing up the brand with other labels on the racks .
ZAPPOS.COM : Carries handbags , shoes and other accessories .
On this Thursday , Nov. 9 , 2017 , photo , Laila Ummelaila , a personal shopper at the Walmart store in Old Bridge , N.J. , pushes a cart with bins as they shop for online shoppers . In January 2018 , Walmart announced it was boosting its starting salary for U.S. workers to $ 11 an hour , giving a one-time $ 1,000 cash bonus to eligible employees and expanding its maternity and parental leave benefits . On Wednesday , America 's largest private employer is giving workers the chance to obtain a bachelor 's degree in business or supply-chain management affordably .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Walmart is offering its employees a new perk : affordable access to a college degree .
America 's largest private employer , which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degrees , hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market .
The company is working with Denver-based startup Guild Education to give employees the chance to obtain a bachelor 's degree in business or supply-chain management . It will cost a dollar a day at one of three nonprofit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners : the University of Florida , Brandman University and Bellevue University . It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees .
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help . Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition , books and fees .
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be eligible , Walmart said . About 68,000 of Walmart 's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years , based on interest from its workers , said Julie Murphy , executive vice president of people at Bentonville , Arkansas-based Walmart . Walmart declined to disclose the cost of the program .
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their workers as shoppers move online . Store chains including Walmart have also raised wages as low unemployment gives trained retail workers more options .
Walmart has said the tax overhaul helped it also give workers one-time bonuses and expand parental leave benefits . Critics say Walmart should share even more of its profits with employees . But a shareholder proposal presented Wednesday , calling on the company to invest as much money in the stock plan for employees as it does on share buybacks , was rejected .
Also defeated were proposals that would require Walmart to publish a report on racial and ethnic pay gaps and to create an independent chair .
The partnership with Guild Education goes beyond Walmart 's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent . The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy , and has a career program for entry-level workers .
Guild Education , founded in 2015 , works with other national chains like Chipotle Mexican Grill , Taco Bell and Lowe 's , on their employee education programs . But Rachel Carlson , CEO and co-founder of Guild Education , says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways , including its low upfront costs .
Walmart 's move puts it more in league with Starbucks , which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University .
_____
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio : http : //twitter.com/ADInnocenzio
× Attorneys Argue Cabot Lawsuit in Susquehanna County
MONTROSE — It 's being compared to the battle of David and Goliath in Susquehanna County .
Lawyers for Cabot Oil and Gas were in court Monday over a lawsuit against an outspoken landowner who says their drinking water was contaminated by fracking .
Cabot was seeking $ 5 million from a property owner and their attorneys who sued the natural gas company earlier this year .
After the hearing , Cabot will remove that dollar amount from its lawsuit for now while a judge decides if the case can move forward .
Ray Kemble has been in the news before and here they are again . The resident of Dimock in Susquehanna County is once more facing off against Cabot Oil and Gas in court .
“ This is just a way to shut the people up of the county and of the state and I just do n't think it 's right , ” Kemble said .
Outside the courthouse in Montrose , Kemble and their attorney talked about the trouble he 's had finding a lawyer after Cabot sued the outspoken landowner back in August . That 's one of the reasons Kemble wants more time to mount a defense in the lawsuit against him .
“ It 's always difficult to find a new lawyer when the old lawyer just got sued representing you in the same matter , ” said Kemble 's attorney Rich Raiders .
Roughly five years ago , Ray Kemble was one of several landowners in Susquehanna County that settled a lawsuit with Cabot Oil and Gas . Part of that settlement meant Kemble could n't speak poorly of Cabot or release details of that agreement .
In 2017 , Kemble filed another suit against Cabot and Cabot says Kemble violated that initial settlement with the company
Cabot is suing Kemble and their attorneys , claiming they are trying to extort money from the company .
A spokesperson for Cabot wo n't comment on why the company first asked for $ 5 million in the lawsuit . The gas company 's attorneys agreed to withdraw that amount for now .
“ That still does n't say they wo n't try to go after $ 5 million against somebody who is judgment-proof . That 's just intimidation and nothing more , ” Raiders said .
Cabot 's spokesperson tells Newswatch 16 :
“ Mr . Kemble agreed to a settlement with Cabot in exchange for money years ago . They have since breached the terms of that agreement on numerous occasions and continues to do so .
“ Today 's court actions are steps we must take to pursue justice . ”
“ David took out Goliath . I 'm David , ” Kemble responded .
The judge is supposed to rule at a later date on the issues in the lawsuit argued in court .
While Cabot claims Kemble violated the settlement agreement , Kemble also contends Cabot did as well .
An authoritative Jack Hetherington stands tall at the final event of the Geraldton junior competition season .
An authoritative Jack Hetherington stands tall at the final event of the Geraldton junior competition season . Picture : Supplied , Geraldton Board Riders
Young surfers were recognised at a presentation ceremony held at Glendenning Park on March 11 to mark the end of the Corner Surf Shop Geraldton Board Riders Junior Development Club 2017/18 Summer Season .
Results were determined by competitors ' best four performances across all six events , although some surfers ranked highly despite missing several competitions because of other surfing commitments .
Among them were Sophie Butcher , who finished the season ranked first in the under-18 girls division after missing two events , and Jake Hagan , who competed in three events yet still finished ranked third in the under-18 boys .
Under-11s competitor Elijah Bellottie claimed the Participation , Performance and Progress award for their continued progression .
Bellottie 's efforts earned them a custom surfboard crafted to their exact specifications by renowned Yallingup shaper Boyd Purdy .
Junior Development Club president Shaun Glass said the reintroduction of the junior competition to the calendar after more than 10 years had been a great success .
“ We 're up to 62 members in the Junior Development Club now , so it 's going quite strong , ” they said .
Glass said the Geraldton Board Riders were working hard to foster the up-and-coming generation of local surfers .
“ We are really striving to encourage our young surfers to participate and be courageous , ” they said .
Glass said the next season would likely begin in October .
In the meantime , the group are working with the City of Greater Geraldton to organise the Gero Grom Fest , a Statewide junior competition to be held on April 7 to coincide with the Drug Aware Fools Festival .
Geraldton Board Riders Junior Development Club Final Standings :
Under-8 mixed
1st : Kalani Catto , Jasper Hill ( tie ) ; 2nd : Marlon MacDonald ; 3rd : Reef Dunk
Under-11 mixed
1st : Byron Catto ; 2nd : Jye Zimmermann ; 3rd : Cale Carter , Kai Chivilo ( tie )
Under-14 boys
1st : Bob Shearer ; 2nd : Jed Hagan ; 3rd : Riley Zimmermann ; 4th : Jesse Anderson
Under-14 girls
1st : Shekya Hagan ; 2nd : Mylee Grant ; 3rd : Fina Dethlefsen ; 4th : Amber Bestry
Under-18 boys
1st : Noah Nugent ; 2nd : Mac Carter ; 3rd : Jake Hagan ; 4th : Jesse Carter
Under-18 girls
1st : Sophie Butcher ; 2nd : Isla Paterson ; 3rd : Mia Clennick ; 4th : Lali Mardon
March 28 AstraZeneca Plc
* U.S. FDA has accepted company 's new drug application ( NDA ) for Lynparza ( olaparib ) tablets
* Granted priority review status with a prescription drug user fee act ( PDUFA ) set for Q3 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — On the day that gunfire shattered the morning calm of suburban Washington , dozens of family members of those killed by past gun violence had gathered in the capital to lobby against Republican-backed legislation to make it easier to buy gun silencers .
The lobbying effort and a related hearing were canceled in the aftermath of the shooting . But gun control advocates are n't going far .
They 're plodding ahead , hopeful for action but pragmatic enough to know that the latest shooting does n't dramatically alter the dynamics of their uphill battle .
“ Anytime there 's a tragedy , it just once again amplifies the problem with gun violence in our country , ” said Lucy McBath , whose son , Jordan Davis , was shot to death four years ago in a dispute over loud music .
Advertisement
Wednesday 's shooting at a congressional baseball practice marked the first high-profile test of Trump-era gun politics : Republican control of Congress and the White House has all but eliminated talk of tightening federal gun laws . President Donald Trump won election in part by making clear their opposition to new restrictions on gun purchases .
Gun control advocates , already on the defensive , insist they 're not abandoning their efforts in Congress or state legislatures . But after Wednesday 's shooting of Republican Rep. Steve Scalise and several others , they did not immediately land on a new strategy to challenge Trump and the Republican-led Congress .
“ It is frustrating . These kinds of tragedies happen every single day , ” said McBath . “ Americans should be able to play baseball and dance in a nightclub or attend religious services without the fear of being gunned down . Americans can do better and we deserve better . ”
As gun control advocates eyed the challenging political reality , the powerful National Rifle Association made clear it was not backing off .
NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch praised the Capitol Hill police , saying that “ good guys with guns kept this from getting worse. ” They said the organization would continue pushing for gun-friendly legislation at the state and federal level , arguing that new gun-control measures are not the answer .
“ Evil is real , evil exists and it makes no sense that the good can not protect themselves against evil , ” said Loesch . “ Those policies have failed where they have been implemented . ”
Echoing those sentiments , the Republicans who control Washington dug in .
Trump ally Rep. Chris Collins , R-N.Y. , who has a permit to carry a gun , vowed to keep their weapon close : “ On a rare occasion I 'd have my gun in the glove box or something , but it 's going to be in my pocket from this day forward , ” Collins told a Buffalo ABC affiliate .
Rep. Jeff Duncan , R-S.C. , argued that tougher gun laws are n't the answer . They noted the shooter had a criminal record and was from Illinois , which already has strict gun laws , “ yet they were still able to access a firearm somehow . ”
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson , a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called “ Terminate the Republican Party. ” Officers in Scalise 's security detail wounded Hodgkinson , who was taken into custody and later died .
Many gun control groups spent the immediate aftermath of the shooting privately contemplating their strategy . Most decided to proceed with caution , issuing public statements that avoided the gun control debate altogether .
“ This shooting is an attack on all who serve and on all who participate in our democracy , ” said former Rep. Gabby Giffords , the only other member of Congress shot in the last four decades . Giffords said in a statement that they were “ heartbroken ” for Scalise and the other victims .
A group connected to the Newtown , Connecticut , school massacre said the latest shooting showed that “ more conversations are needed . ”
“ This is not about more guns , which we know would not have prevented this event in spite of the presence of Congressman Scalise 's armed detail , ” said the group Sandy Hook Promise . “ This is about prevention and education , about knowing the signs of someone who might commit an act of violence and how to stop it from happening in the first place . ”
They 're pushing ahead in a harsh environment .
Trump , who has offered strong support for the NRA , appeared at the group 's convention in April and told members : “ The eight-year assault on your Second Amendment freedoms has come to a crashing end . ”
In one early sign of the new pro-gun environment , Congress in February passed a resolution to block a rule that would have kept guns out of the hands of certain people with mental disorders . Trump quickly signed it .
Gun control groups hope to defeat an NRA-backed effort to enact a national “ concealed-carry reciprocity ” law that would require all states to recognize other states ' concealed carry permits . They helped beat back such proposals in Congress repeatedly during Obama 's presidency , but face a far steeper challenge in the Trump era .
In the face of it all , McBath said simply : “ I have hope . ”
___
AP writer Darlene Superville in Washington contributed to this report .
Friday on Fox Business Network 's “ Varney & Company , ” conservative commentator Ann Coulter questioned the media 's reluctance to aggressively pursue details about Sunday 's mass shooting in Las Vegas .
advertisement
Coulter called it strange and suggested the media were content with knowing just the race and sex of the individual .
“ [ N ] ow that 's what I find most interesting – [ the media ] seem strangely reluctant to pursue this , ” Coulter said . “ They 've decided , ‘ He 's a white man . We got our story . Do n't look for any other facts . ' ”
They denied they were a conspiracy theorist and said there were some other details that the news media could pursue .
“ I think the media wants to say it 's a white male , ” they added . “ They decided that from day one and any other information might change that narrative . And they simply do n't want to know . But as I pointed out in my column this week – this is how conspiracy theories arise . You wo n't tell us this stuff . Oh and the woman shouting ‘ you 're all going to die ' 45 minutes before the concert started . Do we know – OK , it 's probably just a crazy woman , but could we find out ?
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @ jeff_poor
DUBLIN Irish consumer sentiment improved in March as concerns about household finances eased , but many remained sceptical the booming economy would significantly improve their living standards , a survey showed on Friday .
The KBC Bank Ireland/ESRI Consumer Sentiment Index climbed to 101.9 in March from 100.7 in February .
The index has fluctuated sharply in recent months , jumping from a two-year low of 96.2 in December to a seven-month high of 103.1 in January amid uncertainty about the impact of Britain 's exit from the European Union .
Ireland 's economy has posted the fastest growth in Europe for the past three years and unemployment has fallen steadily .
But consumers remain concerned about rising housing and insurance costs and stagnant wages , the survey 's authors said .
The number of consumers reporting a worsening of their personal finances has fallen sharply but the proportion of who feel their households ' financial circumstances have improved increased relatively little , the survey showed .
The Irish consumer `` is very uncertain about the ability of an improving Irish economy to deliver a significant increase in their living standard , '' KBC 's chief economist Austin Hughes said .
`` The recovery is largely a story of an easing in pain rather than consumers signalling a notable increase in prosperity . ''
Meanwhile , many are struggling to gauge the impact Britain 's exit from the European Union is likely to have on their personal finances .
`` In the absence of major domestic developments in the next couple of months , we think the major influence on Irish consumer sentiment could be the tone of initial Brexit negotiations , '' Hughes said .
( Reporting by Conor Humphries Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
TORONTO — The ailing parents of a Canadian man who has spent three decades behind bars in Florida are hoping to make a case for their transfer to Canada directly to the state 's governor when they visit Toronto later this month .
In a letter to Gov . Rick Scott , Richard and Carol Davies request a brief meeting so they can ask them personally to sign off on allowing their son , William Russell ( Russ ) Davies , to serve out their sentence in Canada .
The governor is due to attend an economic conference in late October , where the Davies are hoping they , or a friend of theirs , will be able to catch their attention .
`` We are appealing to you as aging parents who only want to see our son back home , '' the Davies write in the letter obtained by The Canadian Press . `` We respectfully request 10 minutes of your time when you are in Toronto to share our story and ask that their transfer back to Canada be approved by you and by the State of Florida . ''
Russ Davies , 49 , of Richmond Hill , Ont. , was barely 18 years old in June 1986 when the self-admitted misfit and runaway was accused along with five others of gunning down an acquaintance in Tomoka State Park near Daytona Beach , Fla. Two years later , a jury convicted them of first-degree murder .
A Canadian Press investigation published last year revealed that Davies ' trial lasted about seven hours and has been condemned by some legal observers as a sham . The state 's key witness — one of their five co-accused who all pleaded out in exchange for probation or short sentences — admitted to being drunk at the time of the crime .
In addition , their public defender Carmen Corrente , now an assistant attorney general , made numerous mistakes at trial , some of which they admitted at the time .
Russ Davies , who has always denied firing the fatal shot , has long sought a transfer to serve out their sentence in Canada . Despite Canada 's formal willingness to take them back , Florida has steadfastly refused to let them leave — and they remain in prison 31 years later with little hope for parole .
Their parents , who used to visit them in prison in the Sunshine State , are no longer able to do so due to poor health .
`` Our faith has sustained us as we work tirelessly to see the day Russell will be able to come back to Canada to serve out the remainder of their sentence , '' their letter states . `` We pray we will see our son again in our lifetime . ''
FOUNTAIN CITY , Ind . – Tri-Village traveled just across the border to play neighboring Northeastern and made a couple of runs at the Class 2A Indiana school but came up short , falling to the Knights 57-42 .
Northeastern jumped on the Patriots early led by Freeman Brou as the 6-foot 8-inch forward drained a couple 3-pointers along with a tip-in to go up 8-2 .
The Patriots answered with a triple from Trey Frech to make it 8-5 … but the Knights scored 6 unanswered points before Derek Eyer 's trey found the bottom of the net as the PATS trailed 14-8 with two minutes to play .
Christian Ricker finished the scoring in the first quarter on a short bank shot with TV trailing 16-12 .
The Patriots struggled against the length and trapping zone employed by Northeastern in the second quarter and managed just 6 points while the Knights added 11 to go up at the half 27-18 .
Tri-Village came out of the half and did a much better job in the third quarter in moving the basketball and trying to exploit the aggressive defense from Northeastern , scoring 13 points .
“ I know their length bothered our shooters and us as a whole , but we 're still in the learning process when it comes to going inside and out , ” Tri-Village boys basketball coach Makenzie Perry said . “ I thought we did a much better job offensively getting to the short corner and moving the basketball in the second half , and once we settled in and worked to get the shot we wanted things started to flow . ”
With the Patriots trailing by 9 , they made a run with a Noah Burns 3-pointer , and then they stole the ball for a quick layup . Moments later , Gage Hileman added a 3-pointer and TV trailed 31-30 at 4:56 in the third quarter .
The Knights answered with a 9-0 run and ended the third quarter with a 41-31 lead .
In the final stanza , the Patriots made another run at the Knights , closing the gap to 41-35 , and looking for more , when Jared Buckley went high in the air to the basket only to be called for a charge , taking away a scoring opportunity , shaking up the big man and sending them to the bench .
Northeastern extended its lead to 47-39 . Every time the Patriots made a play the Knights ended up at the free throw line , making enough of them to keep TV at bay and holding on for a 52-47 win .
In total Northeastern was 16-for-29 from the line while the Patriots only got to the line five times .
“ Northeastern did a great job driving the ball to the basket and was just more aggressive then us , and we ended up fouling sending them to the line , ” Perry said .
“ The good thing is we were one bucket away here or a bucket there that could have turned the game in our favor where we can take control dictating the game on our terms , but that 's basketball , ” Perry said .
Unofficially the Patriots made 7-for-29 from the 3-point line .
“ We 've been working everyday getting shots up , and I 'm waiting for the day when it 's all clicking and shots falling , ” Perry said .
Frech was the lone Patriot to reach double figures , scoring with 11 points .
“ I 'm disappointed in the loss , but we did some positive things tonight . We can use that as a springboard going forward , and I think we are going to be tough to beat , ” Perry concluded .
Box score :
Score by quarters
TV … . 12 … 06 … 13 … 16 – 47
NE … . 16 … 11 … 14 … 13 – 52
Individual scoring
Tri-Village – Gage Hileman 5 , Noah Burns 9 , Derek Eyer 6 , Trey Frech 11 , Jared Buckley 7 , Christian Ricker 7 , Cameron Sterret 2 – Totals – 7-12-2/5 – 47
Northeastern – Lumpkin 7 , Mikesell 1 , Hillard 7 , Vanlandingham 1 , Reynolds 4 , Brou 22 , Stolle 9 , Hancock 2 – Totals – 3-14-16/29 – 57
3-pointers :
TV – 7 ( Frech 3 , Eyer 2 , Burns 1 , Hileman 1 )
NE – 3 ( Brou 2 , Hancock 1 )
Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Tri-Village 's Trey Frech goes for a layup during a boys basketball game against Northeastern on Saturday in Fountain City , Indiana . Tri-Village 's Trey Frech goes for a layup during a boys basketball game against Northeastern on Saturday in Fountain City , Indiana . Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate
PIQUA – Four Darke County girls basketball players will play in the 2018 Bill Moss Memorial Underclass All-Star Game on Wednesday at Edison State Community College in Piqua .
The 2018 Bill Moss Memorial Underclass All-Star Game will feature the top girls basketball players in the Miami Valley . Arcanum sophomore Kayla O'Daniel , Franklin Monroe sophomore Corina Conley , Tri-Village sophomore Maddie Downing and Tri-Village sophomore Lissa Siler all will team up on the Division III-IV East team .
Previously held at Urbana High School , this third annual event now takes on the name of former Urbana head coach Bill Moss , who tragically passed away during this past season . They spent four decades in the sport .
“ It is a perfect way to honor their legacy and what they have meant to this game , ” said Jim Dabbelt , director of The Dabbelt Report and co-founder of this event with Moss . “ There were not many people as dedicated to this game as Coach Moss was . ”
The Division I-II game will take place at 6 p.m. , followed by the Division III-IV game at 7:30 .
In between games , several of the area 's top seniors will be recognized for their successful season .
Admission to this event is $ 5 .
Bill Moss Memorial Underclass All-Star Game
Division I-II North
Name Height Graduation year School
Mya Jackson , 5-7 2019 , Wilmington
Abigail Dickson , 5-2 2021 , Valley View
Julie Keller , 6-0 2020 , Carroll
Lauren Hapgood , 5-8 2019 , Oakwood
Chloe Smith , 5-9 2019 , Valley View
Corinne Thomas , 5-9 2019 , Tecumseh
Allie Stefanek , 5-7 2020 , Carroll
Presley Griffitts , 5-11 2019 , Tecumseh
Mikala Morris , 6-2 2019 , Kenton Ridge
McKenzi Saunders , 5-5 2020 , Middletown Madison
Division I-II South
Name Height Graduation year School
Alexis Hutchison , 5-8 2019 , Centerville
Nyla Hampton , 5-7 2020 , Wayne
Alyssa Hall , 5-9 2021 , Beavercreek
Sha'Mya Leigh , 5-10 2019 , Trotwood Madison
Mickayla Perdue , 5-8 2021 , Springfield
Madison Bartley , 6-3 2020 , Fairmont
Olivia Trice , 5-9 2020 , Wayne
Kendall Folley , 5-7 2021 , Lebanon
Shalaya Heath , 6-0 2019 , Northmont
Sam Chable , 5-7 2019 , Centerville
Division III-IV East
Name Height Graduation year School
Morgan Haney , 5-7 2019 , Miami East
Corina Conley , 6-0 2020 , Franklin Monroe
Kenna Gray , 5-6 2021 , Bethel
Sammi Whiteman , 5-7 2019 , Covington
Kayla O'Daniel , 5-7 2020 , Arcanum
Kristen Dickison , 5-6 2019 , Milton Union
Lissa Siler , 5-7 2020 , Tri-Village
Aubrey Stupp , 5-11 2020 , Tri County North
Abbigail Peterson , 5-6 2020 , Springfield Catholic
Maddie Downing , 6-0 2020 , Tri-Village
Division III-IV West
Name Height Graduation year School
Nicole Sims , 5-3 2019 , Preble Shawnee
Emily Riddle , 5-8 2019 , Legacy Christian
Ivy Wolf , 5-5 2021 , Minster
Kasey Schipfer , 5-8 2020 , Mechanicsburg
Rachel Murray , 5-7 2019 , Waynesville
Courtney Prenger , 6-2 2019 , Minster
Sylvie Sonneman , 5-10 2020 , Greeneview
Reagan Ware , 5-6 2020 , Greenon
Elly Schipfer , 5-10 , 2019 , Mechanicsburg
Marissa Meiring , 5-9 2020 , Fort Loramie
Siler http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Lissa-Siler-WEB-4.jpg Siler Downing http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Maddie-Downing-WEB-3.jpg Downing Conley http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Corina-Conley-WEB-4.jpg Conley O'Daniel http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Kayla-O-Daniel-WEB-2.jpg O'Daniel
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
BURLINGTON , Vt. — Drew Urquhart scored 13 on Monday night and Vermont followed the Tom Brennan Court dedication with an 81-57 win over Siena .
Vermont honoured Brennan , who coached the Catamounts from 1986-2005 , by naming the centre court of Patrick Gymnasium after them in a ceremony before tipoff .
Brennan is the program leader in wins and games coached . They led the team to their first three America East championships from 2003-05 and oversaw the upset of Big East champion Syracuse in the NCAA Tournament .
Members of the basketball community , including Bob Ryan and John Feinstein , shared their recollections and congrats on video .
Tunnel borer Grace has been out of action after work opened up sinkholes near Perth Airport .
Tunnel borer Grace has been out of action after work opened up sinkholes near Perth Airport . Picture : Facebook .
Tunnelling for the Forrestfield-Airport Link has been stalled for more than a month after work caused two sinkholes near Perth Airport .
WA Transport Minister Rita Saffioti confirmed yesterday that boring machine Grace was forced to stop on February 14 after two disturbances in the earth above the tunnel , 300m from the airport station site .
They said that while an independent precautionary review was being done of the site , Grace would undergo maintenance after tunnelling for 1.6km .
“ It 's quite a tricky ground formation in the area , ” Ms Saffioti said .
“ You 're moving from sand to clay to rock , so as a result it was always going to be a challenge to make sure it got through cleanly .
“ We want to make sure that everything 's clear to go forward , so they 're doing a review as to how everything was operating in that area .
“ There 's no delay yet because Grace was ahead of schedule and it was waiting for the ( station ) wall to be completed . ”
A Perth Airport spokesperson said there had been no threat to workers or the public and the project had not reached any critical infrastructure .
“ The temporary suspension will allow for the processes associated with the tunnelling to be independently reviewed and validated , ” they said .
“ PTA and Perth Airport will work together to progress the review in a timely manner to allow for resumption of tunnelling . Following discussions with Perth Airport and the Public Transport Authority , the contractor chose to cease tunnelling . ”
Opposition Leader Mike Nahan accused the Government of attempting to hide the fact the boring machine had stopped .
“ It 's been offline for weeks and all I can say is that the McGowan Government was elected on the basis of gold-standard transparency , ” they said . “ The public has every right to know if the borer is working . After all , they had a contest to name the borer . ”
Ms Saffioti said the second boring machine , Stacey , would continue tunnelling work .
Parenting is not an easy job to begin with . Add in an iPhone for your child to the mix then what you get can be a highly combustible matter . When your child is at home , it is much easier to keep an eye on their activities but it is a different matter when they venture out . This is especially true for helicopter parents who , if you do not know the exact location of their child from time to time and do not receive any knowledge of their current activities , can begin to hyperventilate . Well , tying them so tightly to your bosom is also unhealthy for you as well as them , but yes , a parent should be aware what a child is up to so as to prevent them from landing in some big trouble which is a result of their activities on their iPhones .
But parents , worry not ! ! Where on side the advanced technology has developed devices like the iPhones , on the other hand the same technology has created iphone GPS tracker apps to keep a watch on them or more importantly their users . Following is a list of GPS tracker apps which are a must for every parent who wish for their child 's safety :
mSpy , the iPhone GPS tracker app :
mSPy is not a new name even for those people who are not much into technology , software and GPS tracker apps . The brand has earned its name by consistently delivering reliable data while maintaining a high accuracy level . The iPhone GPS tracker from mSpy has the additional benefit of geo fencing which enables the user of the GPS tracker app to name pre-specified safe zones . As soon as the target device crosses the safe zone boundaries , the app user is immediately notified . To know more about how the geo fencing feature of the mSpy app works visit the link https : //www.mspy.com/iphone-spy.html .
GPS location tracker the ultimate GPS tracker :
Use of this app has the ability to quietly and very simply gain access to the latest location co-ordinates of the target iPhone and periodically keep you updated . The GPS location tracker app is created and developed by FollowMee LLC to track locations of all IOS devices . This app is known to deliver its promise of a robust service which is reliable and accurate .
Find my kids-Footprints :
This is the most preferred apps by those helicopter parents we spoke about . This app uses the GPS of the iPhone in real time to know where your kids are at all times . If you have a child travelling alone , this app lets you know if the child arrived at the destination or not . This also useful for the child to share their location information with their friends which they are supposed to meet up with . The current location information can not be viewed by all but only those have been permitted by the user of the app . This can give a much-needed peace of mind to the parents .
Previous attempts to find Nefertiti 's secret tomb resulted in contradictory and incomplete data . As for the new project , led by Italian professor of physics Franco Porcelli , it will finally take the issue off the table , no matter what results it shows .
© Sputnik/ Tutankhamun 's tomb
Nefertiti 's Mysteries
In early August 2015 , British historian and archaeologist Nicholas Reeves published a sensational article . Based on the HD-images of Tutankhamun 's tomb situated in the Valley of the Kings , they claimed that one of its walls may hide a secret chamber of the pharaoh 's step-mother , the legendary Nefertiti .
This suggestion attracted the attention of other Egyptologists and the Egyptian authorities , and Dr. Reeves received a permit to examine the tomb 's walls with radar and other equipment . In February and March 2016 , the press revealed Dr. Reeves ' statement that they managed to find the secret room . However , this claim was denied by their opponents , such as former Secretary General of SCA Zahi Hawass .
Subsequently , two groups of scientists from Japan and the US studied the walls of King Tut 's tomb using radar , heat sensors and other tools . Japanese physicists confirmed Reeves ' calculations and conclusions , while their American colleagues denied them . As a result , the Government of Egypt banned the opening of the tomb until more complete and persuasive reports are made available .
Searching for truth
According to sources from the International Association of Egyptologists , the new project is n't limited to the study of Tut 's tomb . The Italian researchers will probe the entire Valley of the Kings , aiming to find the lost tombs of many famous rulers : Amenhotep I , Thutmose II and Ramesses VII , as well as their wives and wives of other pharaohs .
The scientists emphasize that they are using a `` non-contact '' method , which causes no damage to the walls of tombs and artifacts . New-generation radars cover the entire frequency range , and they will allow the researchers to scan rock and soil at the depth of 10 meters . With such radars the scientists will be able to find things that could n't be caught by radars produced in the 1980s and the 1990s . The works will result in a three-dimensional map of the Valley of the Kings , which will be then used by archaeologists in search of the secret rooms , tombs and remains .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) — Derek Carr had been pounded enough by the Kansas City Chiefs ' dominant defensive front that nobody could blame them for unloading a pass to Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch a bit early Sunday .
Well , except for Lynch .
The pass into the right flat set up Lynch like a golf ball on a tee , and Chiefs linebacker Derrick Johnson ran right through them with a bone-jarring tackle that perfectly summed up Oakland 's day .
“ Whenever you get a chance to hit ‘ Beast Mode ' when he 's not looking , you better take the shot , ” Johnson said with a smile . “ Carr served them up right there . I 'm sure he 'll have a talk with Carr after that one , but I had to take my shot . ”
It 's not like Carr did n't take enough shots of their own .
The quarterback with the uncanny ability to unload the ball quickly was dropped three times in the Raiders ' 26-15 loss . Things did n't go that well when they managed to get the ball off , either — they were 24 of 41 for 211 yards with a late touchdown pass and two interceptions .
“ Just frustrated . With myself , ” they said . “ There 's obviously going to be plays you 're going to want back , but that 's every game . I saw the coverage fine . I was going to certain places with the ball that I thought were right . It was one of those things . At the end of the day it was n't good enough . ”
Asked to rate their young franchise quarterback 's performance , Raiders coach Jack Del Rio was blunt : “ He 's the triggerman of our offense . The offense did n't get done what we needed to get done . ”
Carr 's performance was even more surprising given the situation .
The Chiefs had been gutted by the lowly New York Jets last week , allowing 331 yards passing to Josh McCown in a 38-31 loss . They had also suspended their top cornerback , Marcus Peters , after a series of embarrassing incidents , including their flag-toss episode in the Meadowlands .
Then there 's the fact Carr , who got Michael Crabtree back from suspension , had torched the Chiefs when they met in October . They threw for 417 yards and three touchdowns that afternoon , including the winning score to Crabtree on the final play .
“ We had to come in and set the tone , ” Chiefs defensive tackle Chris Jones said . “ The defensive line , the fourth play of the game we got a sack . It was all about affecting the quarterback , because we know they like to get the ball out fast . And we affected him . ”
Carr seems to get affected by the Chiefs a lot .
Yes , they dominated their matchup in Oakland this season , but that game has proven to be an exception to the rule . Three of their 12 worst games in terms of QB rating have come against the Chiefs , including a career-worst performance last season , when they were 17 of 41 for 117 yards in a 21-13 defeat .
There was also the game two years ago , when they tossed three second-half picks in a 34-20 loss .
The plucky Carr was still slinging it at the end Sunday , refusing to give up . They threw a late touchdown pass to Jared Cook and converted the 2-point conversion to make it a two-possession game in the closing minutes But their second pick at the goal line ended any comeback effort .
It also may have crippled their season-long comeback effort .
The Raiders had won two straight and three of four to climb back into the AFC West race , but any chance to control their chances went by the wayside at Arrowhead Stadium .
“ We 've known ( this was an elimination game ) for a while , ” Del Rio said . “ We 've talked plenty about that and we 've been asked a lot , because of where we put ourselves . A situation where we 've got to win the next one and string together wins and hope it 's enough . ”
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
IDW Entertainment , an independent entertainment content studio , is introducing its new content development , production , distribution and engagement initiative — the IDW Digital Studio .
We 're told that IDW Digital Studio 's primary objective is to become a global leader in creating , managing and delivering original , on-demand entertainment content for the “ geek culture ” audience across all current and next-generation digital platforms with a primary focus on building franchises .
In the age of mobile and on-demand everything , the move should be well received .
As IDW Entertainment President David Ozer explained , “ People are consuming media differently and have very diverse expectations for their entertainment experiences than they did just a few years ago . With IDW Digital Studios , we believe we can deliver an entertainment experience that speaks to today 's sophisticated audiences , introducing truly fresh and creative concepts via the digital marketplace , including social media , mobile , gaming , channels and more . ”
To learn more about IDW , click here .
Jeff Sessions covert operation to be President of the United States
Jeff Sessions was the first senator to come out in support for Donald Trump for President . They saw Donald Trump attract large crowds and secretly wanted to use Trump for their own personal agenda . Deep in the mind of Jeff Sessions , they believed Donald Trump was just too dumb , and could be manipulated too easily . Sessions persuaded Trump to pick Mike Pence for Vice President . This was the first part of their plan . Behind closed doors Jeff made plans with Mike Pence to lick the boots of Trump to gain their trust . Pence is known for their backroom deals , away from the media and witnesses . Whenever Pence and Trump are in the same room , Mike Pence has the biggest smile on their face always staring at Trump simply to stroke their ego . Pence even looked through their wife with their x-ray vision powers during the Presidential dance to see Trump . So , every time Trump looked back at the videos of them and Mike , Trump sees a suck-up , boot licking , flunky named Mike Pence .
Jeff Sessions could have been the Vice President , but they chose to be the Attorney General . To hire people from David Duke 's KKK list as federal agents . Now that all the plans have been accomplished up till now , it 's time to complete the last part of their plan . Before the presidential election , Jeff saw Trump and their momentum . They also saw how vicious and racist Trump could be and used this knowledge for their advantage . Jeff Sessions wanted to be Attorney General simply to gather all the information on Trump and their dealings with Russia . Sessions was the leaker to all the information about Russia , Trump , and their family . Sessions was instrumental in getting Trump to obstruct justice by firing FBI Director James Comey . Yes , Donald Trump was the biggest sucker in America history , they fell for Jeff Sessions advice hook line and sinker .
Now it is the time for Sessions to complete the last part of their plan , to hire Muller to investigate Trump for obstruction and to get Trump impeached . After Trump is impeached , Mike Pence will hire Jeff Sessions as their Vice President . Within a few months , Sessions will release top-secret recordings and videos of Mike Pence and Michael Flynn . Then the senate will take up a vote to impeach Mike Pence for lying to the Senate Intelligence Committee about Michael Flynn . Then Jeff Sessions will be the next President of the United States of America . Jeff Sessions real name is Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III .
MIAMI ( AP ) - Puerto Rico is working on building emergency management capabilities that would help the Caribbean island withstand future disasters , the head of the U.S. government agency that oversees disaster response said Wednesday , two days before the official start to the Atlantic hurricane season .
Brock Long , head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency , spoke at the National Hurricane Center in Miami .
Long said FEMA has been bolstering its resources in the U.S. territory , including hiring roughly 1,600 residents to build local disaster response systems that did not exist before Hurricane Maria hit the island in September , causing an estimated $ 100 billion in damage .
Even in an unprecedented year with multiple hurricanes and other natural disasters requiring federal response , Puerto Rico presented a challenge for FEMA because its government lacked an organized response structure , Long said .
In Texas and Florida , which were hit last year by hurricanes Harvey and Irma , state and local response efforts were already in place and running smoothly , Long said .
`` When it comes to Puerto Rico , unfortunately , what we face is a very fragile and broken infrastructure that decayed over multiple decades . For example , a large portion of the power grid never worked before Irma and Maria , '' they said .
Long said FEMA was working with the island 's governor to `` build a backbone '' of staff and resources to make Puerto Rico and its economy more resilient .
Long said they had not read a new study contending that many more deaths than normal occurred in Puerto Rico in the three months after Maria . The study was led by Harvard University researchers , who surveyed a small sample of neighborhoods and then estimated that up to 4,600 more deaths than usual occurred compared with the same period in 2016 .
FEMA does not track hurricane-related deaths . Long said local agencies provide that data and there often is a discrepancy between the number of deaths directly attributed to a storm and deaths indirectly linked to one .
In its analysis of Maria , the national hurricane center said the official number of deaths in Puerto Rico stood at 65 , though the death toll was `` highly uncertain . '' That report also said `` hundreds of additional indirect deaths in Puerto Rico may eventually be attributed to Maria 's aftermath pending the results of an official government review . ''
`` Everything with Puerto Rico and Hurricane Maria was very complex , '' Long said .
At the hurricane center , Long met with FEMA employees , forecasters and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen , who said hurricane preparedness begins with individuals and their local communities .
Description :
Global Market Insight of Automotive Wheel Bearing 2018 offers a comprehensive analysis on Automotive Wheel Bearing industry , standing on the readers ' perspective , delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights . No matter the client is industry insider , potential entrant or investor , the report will provides useful data and information . Key questions answered by this report include :
This report studies Automotive Wheel Bearing market in Global and major regions from 2012 to 2023 , focuses on sales , price , revenue and gross margin of top players , consumption and consumption value of major regions .
Request For sample Report @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/2747442-global-market-insight-of-automotive-wheel-bearing-2018
Market segments by Region
North America ( United States and Canada )
Europe ( Germany , UK , France , Italy , Spain , Russia , etc . )
Asia-Pacific ( China , Japan , Korea , India , Southeast Asia , Australia , etc . )
Latin America ( Mexico , Brazil , Argentina , etc . )
Middle East , Africa and Rest ( South Africa , Egypt , Saudi Arabia , etc . )
Market segments by Types
Gen.1 Bearing
Gen.2 Bearing
Gen.3 Bearing
Others
Market segments by Applications
Passenger Vehicle
Commercial Vehicle
Market segments by Player
NTN
NSK
Schaeffler
SKF
ILJIN
JTEKT
Wanxiang
Hubei New Torch
Nachi-Fujikoshi
TIMKEN
GMB Corporation
Harbin Bearing
CU Group
Wafangdian Bearing
Guangyang
Xiangyang Auto Bearing
Xiangyang Xinghuoju
FKG Bearing
Changjiang Bearing
Complete Report Details @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/2747442-global-market-insight-of-automotive-wheel-bearing-2018
Table Of Content
1 Automotive Wheel Bearing Product Overview
1.1 Product Introduction
1.2 Industrial Chain Analysis
1.2.1 Upstream Raw Materials Analysis
1.2.2 Major Product Comparison Analysis
1.2.3 Downstream Users Analysis
2 Global Market Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing
2.1 Global Market Profile of Automotive Wheel Bearing
2.2 Global Consumption Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Regions 2012-2017
2.3 Global Consumption Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Regions 2018-2023
2.4 Global Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Regions 2012-2017
2.5 Global Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Regions 2018-2023
3 North America Market Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing
3.1 North America Market Profile of Automotive Wheel Bearing
3.2 North America Consumption Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2012-2017
3.3 North America Consumption Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2018-2023
3.4 North America Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2012-2017
3.5 North America Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2018-2023
4 Europe Market Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing
4.1 Europe Market Profile of Automotive Wheel Bearing
4.2 Europe Consumption Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2012-2017
4.3 Europe Consumption Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2018-2023
4.4 Europe Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2012-2017
4.5 Europe Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2018-2023
5 Asia-Pacific Market Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing
5.1 Asia-Pacific Market Profile of Automotive Wheel Bearing
5.2 Asia-Pacific Consumption Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2012-2017
5.3 Asia-Pacific Consumption Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2018-2023
5.4 Asia-Pacific Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2012-2017
5.5 Asia-Pacific Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2018-2023
6 Latin America Market Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing
6.1 Latin America Market Profile of Automotive Wheel Bearing
6.2 Latin America Consumption Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2012-2017
6.3 Latin America Consumption Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2018-2023
6.4 Latin America Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2012-2017
6.5 Latin America Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2018-2023
7 Middle East , Africa and Rest Market Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing
7.1 Middle East , Africa and Rest Market Profile of Automotive Wheel Bearing
7.2 Middle East , Africa and Rest Consumption Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2012-2017
7.3 Middle East , Africa and Rest Consumption Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2018-2023
7.4 Middle East , Africa and Rest Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2012-2017
7.5 Middle East , Africa and Rest Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Wheel Bearing by Country 2018-2023
Continued…… .
CONTACT US :
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales @ wiseguyreports.com
http : //www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph : +1-646-845-9349 ( US )
Ph : +44 208 133 9349 ( UK )
Para chloroaniline also known as 4-chloroaniline is a pale yellow solid with a very sweet odor and is one of the numerous known chloroanilines . Para chloroaniline is not manufactured from aniline as aniline has a tendency to over chlorinate . However , para chloroaniline is produced from hydrogenation of a chemical known as 4-nitrochlorobenzene , which in turn is obtained by the nitration of chlorobenzene . Para chloroaniline is insoluble in cold water ; however , it is soluble in hot water . Para chloroaniline is highly incompatible with oxidizing agents , acids , acid chlorides , chloroformates and acid anhydrides . Para chloroaniline is considered a carcinogen and hence is to be handled with extreme caution .
Para chloroaniline is employed in a wide range of applications – as a building block in the manufacture of pesticides , herbicides , fungicides , drugs and dyestuffs . Para chloroaniline is used in the production of a variety of pesticides including chlorpthalim , anilofos , pyraclostrobin and monolinuron . Moreover , para chloroaniline is also used in the production of a few benzodiazepine drugs . Para chloroaniline is also employed as a precursor in the production of the widely used bacteriocide and antimicrobial chlorhexidine .
Request PDF Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=12359
Global Para Chloroaniline Market : Drivers and Restraints
Para chloroaniline 's insecticidal and pesticidal properties are what give it high demand in the market . Due to its carcinogenic effects and the other health hazards , a few countries do not include it in the list of authorized active substances . Traces of this chemical were also found to contaminate ground water in certain countries which in turn led to the pollution of drinking water . This also added to the disadvantages of this chemical , further lowering its market . In addition , para chloroaniline is also employed in the manufacture of dyes and dyestuffs . The driving factors of para chloroaniline in the dye market include growing demand of dyes in the textile , food , and plastic industries among others . Due to the ease of its use and good chemical binding to fibers its demand has been huge over the past few years . Countries where textile industries have been on the rise have increased the market for dyes as well . The rising demand from paints and coatings industries , textile , construction , and plastics is expected to drive the market for dyes . This in turn is expected to drive the demand for para chloroaniline during the forecast period . The carcinogenic properties of para chloroaniline coupled with the hazardous effects it has on the environment can also be considered a major restraint for this market .
Request Discount @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=12359
The key companies present in the market , which manufacture para chloroaniline , include A.B . Enterprises ; Panoli Intermidiates Pvt . Ltd. , Frontier Chemical Company , Megha International , Premier Group of Industries , Kevin India Co. , LobaChemie Pvt . Ltd. , Yashashvi Rasayan Pvt . Ltd and Shanxi Weinan Juyuan Chemical Technology Co. , Ltd. among other companies .
Tampa Bay Times : Hillsborough leaders move forward with toll lanes , Tampa Bay next
Hillsborough County leaders voted Tuesday to move forward with a plan to add 90 miles of toll lanes to Tampa Bay 's interstates despite continued opposition from people who would live near them .
The Hillsborough County Metropolitan Planning Organization — a 16-person board which approves transportation projects — listened to more than three-and-a-half hours of public comment on its Transportation Improvement Program , which lists the county 's priorities for the next five years . Though the TIP includes dozens of projects , from road maintenance to bike paths , the evening 's debate centered around only one of those : Tampa Bay Next , the interstate expansion plan formerly known as Tampa Bay Express .
The vast majority of speakers urged the board to remove Tampa Bay Next from the TIP , but the board voted 12-3 to approve the five-year plan as is . County Commissioner Ken Hagan was not present for the final vote .
“ There 's no construction for the most contentious parts of this project until years and years and years from now , ” said Tampa City Council member Harry Cohen , who expressed concerns over Tampa Bay Next but voted to approve the plan . “ I believe we 're in a better place today than we were a year ago . I 'm just not willing to pull the plug on that . ”
Panama City News Herald : Gov . Rick Scott weighs controversial schools bill
With a controversial and wide-ranging education bill now on their desk , Gov . Rick Scott faces intense pressure from both sides as they weigh whether to sign or veto the legislation .
Rumors have begun floating that Scott will sign HB 7069 later this week , but the governor maintains they have n't made a final decision . Scott received the bill late Monday ; they have until June 27 to sign the proposal , veto it or allow it to become law without their signature .
The 278-page bill , which emerged in the closing days of the regular legislative session , deals with everything from charter schools and standardized tests to sunscreen and school uniforms .
The legislation was a priority of House Speaker Richard Corcoran , R-Land O ' Lakes , and opponents fear Scott agreed to sign the bill in exchange for having their priorities approved during a special session last week .
Orlando Sentinel : Rather than disclose salaries , Experience Kissimmee could quit Visit Florida
Experience Kissimmee CEO DT Minich vowed Tuesday against releasing private information — including the salaries for their board of directors — in the wake of lawmakers pushing for more transparency at the Visit Florida tourism agency .
Minich gave an update to officials during Tuesday 's Osceola County Tourist Development Council in Kissimmee .
After the meeting , Experience Kissimmee spokesperson Jodi DiSalle said the agency could decide later this summer to pull out of Visit Florida if the state 's new requirements pushing for more disclosure of financial information are enacted .
They said leaving Visit Florida would n't change Experience Kissimmee 's status as a public-private agency or its mission , although they would miss out on some advantages such as communications .
Naples Daily News : Tourist Development Council remains undecided on tourism tax allocations
After Collier County commissioners voted unanimously to raise the county bed tax Tuesday , the Tourist Development Council did not come to an agreement over its allocation and will postpone its decision until the next meeting on June 26 .
The joint meeting between the council and the Board of County Commissioners ended in a unanimous vote in support of a new sports facility to be built in East Naples .
The allocation proposal , which set aside $ 3.75 million for amateur sports , mainly to fund the new facility , also increased funding for beach renourishment and maintenance but decreased the percentage of funding allocated to museums and marketing .
Local hoteliers , hotel managers and sports team coaches largely spoke in favor of the proposed budget , arguing that sports events would help bring new groups of visitors to the area and provide opportunities for children and young adults .
Descendants of Chinese veterans who fought in WWII will march In Perth 's Anzac Day parade for the first time
BEVERLY HILLS , Calif. — The nominations for the 75th Golden Globe Awards were announced Monday .
Here 's a look at who 's in the running :
Movies
Best Motion Picture – Drama
“ Call Me by Your Name ”
“ Dunkirk ”
“ The Post ”
“ The Shape of Water ”
“ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
“ The Disaster Artist ”
“ Get Out ”
“ The Greatest Showman ”
“ I , Tonya ”
“ Lady Bird ”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama
Jessica Chastain , “ Molly 's Game ”
Sally Hawkins , “ The Shape of Water ”
Frances McDormand , “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
Meryl Streep , “ The Post ”
Michelle Williams , “ All the Money in the World ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothée Chalamet , “ Call Me by Your Name ”
Daniel Day-Lewis , “ Phantom Thread ”
Tom Hanks , “ The Post ”
Gary Oldman , “ Darkest Hour ”
Denzel Washington , “ Roman J. Israel , Esq . ”
Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench , “ Victoria & Abdul ”
Margot Robbie , “ I , Tonya ”
Saoirse Ronan , “ Lady Bird ”
Emma Stone , “ Battle of the Sexes ”
Helen Mirren , “ The Leisure Seeker ”
Best Director
Guillermo del Toro , “ The Shape of Water ”
Martin McDonagh , “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
Christopher Nolan , “ Dunkirk ”
Ridley Scott , “ All The Money in the World ”
Steven Spielberg , “ The Post ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell , “ Battle of the Sexes ”
Ansel Elgort , “ Baby Driver ”
James Franco , “ The Disaster Artist ”
Hugh Jackman , “ The Greatest Showman ”
Daniel Kaluuya , “ Get Out ”
Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige , “ Mudbound ”
Hong Chau , “ Downsizing ”
Allison Janney , “ I , Tonya ”
Laurie Metcalf , “ Lady Bird ”
Octavia Spencer , “ The Shape of Water ”
Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe , “ The Florida Project ”
Armie Hammer , “ Call Me by Your Name ”
Richard Jenkins , “ The Shape of Water ”
Christopher Plummer , “ All the Money in the World ”
Sam Rockwell , “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
Best Original Score in a Motion Picture
“ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
“ The Shape of Water ”
“ Phantom Thread ”
“ The Post ”
“ Dunkirk ”
Best Screenplay in a Motion Picture
“ The Shape of Water ”
“ Lady Bird ”
“ The Post ”
“ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
“ Molly 's Game ”
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language
“ A Fantastic Woman ”
“ First They Killed My Father ”
“ In the Fade ”
“ Loveless ”
“ The Square ”
Best Animated Film
“ The Boss Baby ”
“ The Breadwinner ”
“ Ferdinand ”
“ Coco ”
“ Loving Vincent ”
TV
Best TV series – Drama
“ The Crown ”
“ Game of Thrones ”
“ The Handmaid 's Tale ”
“ Stranger Things ”
“ This Is Us ”
Best performance by Actress in a TV series – Drama
Caitriona Balfe , “ Outlander ”
Claire Foy , “ The Crown ”
Maggie Gyllenhaal , “ The Deuce ”
Katherine Langford , “ 13 Reasons Why ”
Elisabeth Moss , “ The Handmaid 's Tale ”
Best performance by an Actor in a TV Series – Drama
Sterling K. Brown , “ This is Us ”
Freddie Highmore , “ The Good Doctor ”
Bob Odenkirk , “ Better Call Saul ”
Liev Schreiber , “ Ray Donovan ”
Jason Bateman , “ Ozark ”
Best TV series – Musical or Comedy
“ Black-ish ”
“ Marvelous Mrs. Maisel ”
“ Master of None ”
“ SMILF ”
“ Will & Grace ”
Best performance by an Actor in a TV series – Musical or Comedy
Anthony Anderson , “ Black-ish ”
Aziz Ansari “ Master of None ”
Kevin Bacon , “ I Love Dick ”
William H. Macy , “ Shameless ”
Eric McCormack , “ Will and Grace ”
Best performance by an Actress in a TV series – Musical or Comedy
Pamela Adlon , “ Better Things ”
Alison Brie , “ Glow ”
Issa Rae , “ Insecure ”
Rachel Brosnahan , “ The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel ”
Frankie Shaw , “ SMILF ”
Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
“ Big Little Lies ”
“ Fargo ”
“ Feud : Bette and Joan ”
“ The Sinner ”
“ Top of the Lake : China Girl ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Robert De Niro , “ The Wizard of Lies ”
Jude Law , “ The Young Pope ”
Kyle MacLachlan , “ Twin Peaks ”
Ewan McGregor , “ Fargo ”
Geoffrey Rush , “ Genius ”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Jessica Biel , “ The Sinner ”
Nicole Kidman , “ Big Little Lies ”
Jessica Lange , “ Feud : Bette and Joan ”
Susan Sarandon , “ Feud : Bette and Joan ”
Reese Witherspoon , “ Big Little Lies ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series , Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Alfred Molina , “ Feud ”
Alexander Skarsgard , “ Big Little Lies ”
David Thewlis , “ Fargo ”
David Harbour , “ Stranger Things ”
Christian Slater , “ Mr . Robot ”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series , Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Laura Dern , “ Big Little Lies ”
Ann Dowd , “ The Handmaid 's Tale ”
Chrissy Metz , “ This is Us ”
Michelle Pfeiffer , “ The Wizard of Lies ”
Shailene Woodley , “ Big Little Lies ”
LONDON ( AP ) - Keith O'Brien , first cardinal to recuse themselves from a conclave because of a personal scandal has died .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Delays have hit the M5 entering Gloucestershire after a two-vehicle crash which has left oil and debris spilled across the motorway .
The main carriageway southbound is closed between Stensham Services and junction 8 for the M50 after the crash this morning ( Saturday ) .
Repair work is being carried out on damaged barriers at the scene and recovery of the vehicles involved is being awaited , according to the latest reports .
Traffic is being diverted off at Strensham Services and rejoining at junction 8 but there are heavy delays .
There is no time given at the moment on when it is likely to clear .
Campos Racing have announced that Leonardo Pulcini will join the team for the GP3 Series in 2018 .
Pulcini has raced for the team in the past having clinched the Euroformula F3 Open with them in 2016 and is keen to repeat the success they saw .
Leonardo Pulcini : “ I 'm extremely proud and happy to be back with Campos Racing . They are a very important team for my career , because I learnt everything in racing with them . Besides , I already won with Campos . It 's my racing family for sure . I know they all are looking forward to helping me . We have put together everything and we approach a decisive season . I think we have a competitive package to be in win contention . We tested in Abu Dhabi and the car was rather competitive . The working method is great and I feel confident . I 'm ready to start the season in style . ”
“ We are happy to welcome Leo at Campos Racing once again , ” said Adrián Campos . “ Besides they are a very talented driver . We expect a lot from them and our goal is to repeat our previous success together . ”
Pulcini and new team-mate Simo Laaksonen will carry out the first collective testing in Le Castellet on 21-22 February . After two more tests in Jerez ( 14-15 March ) and Barcelona ( 17-18 April ) , the season will kick off at the Circuit de Catalunya on 11-13 May .
EPCCO distributes dividends for financial year 2016 ( TASI ) Date : 14 Feb 2017 Eastern Province Cement Co. distributes SAR 1.5 cash dividends for financial year 2016 over registered shareholders as of end of trade of day of holding General meeting which will be announced later .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — A jump in traffic fatalities last year pushed deaths on U.S. roads to their highest level in nearly a decade , erasing improvements made during the Great Recession and economic recovery , a leading safety organization said Wednesday .
Fatalities rose 6 percent in 2016 , reaching an estimated 40,200 deaths compared to 37,757 deaths the previous year , according the National Safety Council . The group gets its data from states . The last time there were more than 40,000 fatalities in a single year was in 2007 , just before the economy tanked . There were 41,000 deaths that year .
The increase came as Americans drove more last year — a 3 percent increase in total miles . The council cited continued lower gasoline prices and an improving economy as key factors .
Following an increase in fatalities in 2015 , the United States has had the sharpest two-year increase in traffic deaths in 53 years , the council said .
Americans have come to accept large numbers of traffic deaths as inevitable instead of than taking actions that would prevent them , said Deborah Hersman , the council 's president .
“ Motor vehicle fatality numbers have been ringing the alarm for two years , ” they said . “ Unfortunately , we have been tone-deaf to the data and the carnage on our roadways . If we fail to take action , the death toll will continue to rise . ”
Jonathan Adkins , executive director of the Governors Highway Safety Association , which represents state highway safety offices , said state officials continue to point to three predominant factors in traffic deaths — “ belts , booze and speed . ”
“ Additionally , driver distraction and our society 's addiction to electronic devices is likely playing a role in the increase in deaths , ” they said .
The estimated annual mileage death rate last year was 1.25 deaths per 100 million vehicle miles , an increase of 3 percent from the 2015 rate .
Traffic deaths began dropping in 2008 and reached their lowest point in six decades in 2011 at 32,000 deaths . They fluctuated slightly over the next two years , but started climbing in the last quarter of 2014 .
The surge comes as cars and trucks have more safety features than ever . Nearly all new cars and light trucks now have electronic stability control and rearview cameras , for example . Automakers are also beginning to equip more cars with sophisticated safety technology like adaptive cruise control , automatic emergency-braking and blind-spot monitoring that are designed to prevent crashes rather than merely make them survivable .
Other important safety advances are also on the horizon , including vehicle-to-vehicle communications that allow cars to wirelessly warn each other of their movements in time to avoid collisions and self-driving cars that hold the potential to eliminate human error , a factor in more than 90 percent of crashes .
The council 's fatality estimates differ slightly from those of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . The government counts only deaths that occur on public roads , while the council includes fatalities that occur in parking lots , driveways and private roads .
Last month , NHTSA reported that traffic deaths surged about 8 percent in the first nine months of 2016 .
___
Follow Joan Lowy at http : //twitter.com/AP_Joan_Lowy . Them work can be found at http : //bigstory.ap.org/content/joan-lowy
SAN ANTONIO ( AP ) — Kawhi Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and added 11 rebounds and the San Antonio Spurs beat the Memphis Grizzlies 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series .
San Antonio led for all but 13 seconds in winning its 10th consecutive postseason game over Memphis .
Leonard finished the game 9 for 14 from the field and was 19 for 19 on free throws .
Tony Parker added 15 points for the Spurs , who had three others score in double figures .
Advertisement
Mike Conley scored 24 points , Zach Randolph had 18 points and Marc Gasol added 12 points for the Grizzlies .
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis .
WEST HOLLYWOOD , CA ( CBS Local ) – Love is no match for man 's best friend . According to a new survey , an overwhelming number of adults would dump their partner if they did n't like their dog .
A survey of 3,500 dog owners conducted by dog-walking service Wag ! , found that 86 percent of respondents would end a relationship if their boyfriend or girlfriend could n't get along with their dog .
“ It comes as no surprise to us at Wag ! that dog parents place a premium on their dogs ' opinions of other humans and that this plays a deciding factor in their love lives , ” company CEO Hilary Schneider said , via StudyFinds .
In some cases , spouses are even taking a back seat to their husband or wife 's four-legged friend . 16 percent of married dog owners said they preferred celebrating their pet 's birthday over their own spouse 's .
However , the news is n't all bad as dogs were found to be the key to many people 's hearts . Over 70 percent of people surveyed said they were more likely to “ swipe right ” if a person 's online dating profile featured their pup . Six in 10 adults claim they were flirted with while walking their furry friend .
For singles , Wag ! says forget the pickup lines and get a dog . Nearly 80 percent of dog owners admit they 'd be more likely to go home with someone if that person said they had a dog there waiting to meet them .
By The Associated Press
KABUL , Afghanistan ( AP ) — An Afghan official says that at least one police officer has been killed by a roadside bomb in eastern Logar province .
Salim Saleh , spokesperson for the provincial governor in Logar , said Monday that four other people including a district police commander and three road construction engineers were wounded in the blast .
Meanwhile at least six people were wounded in another explosion near the western city of Herat Sunday evening .
No group has yet claimed responsibility for the attacks in Logar and Herat provinces .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
GAINESVILLE , Fla. — Florida guard Jalen Hudson , the team 's leading scorer last season , will return to school for their senior year .
Coach Mike White says the 22-year-old Hudson delivered the news Tuesday after talking with their family .
Hudson declared for the NBA draft in late March , but did n't hire an agent and left open the possibility of staying in school . Hudson was n't invited to the NBA Combine and was told they would n't get drafted .
The 6-foot-6 Hudson averaged 15.5 points in their first season playing for the Gators . They transferred to Florida in 2016 after two years at Virginia Tech , where they averaged 7.7 points .
New Delhi , July 04 , 2018 – On Saturday , June 30 , 2018 the Better India Education Awards , 2018 were held at The Park , New Delhi amidst the elites of the education sector . The Better India Education Awards , 2018 were organized by India 's leading research and ratings agency , TRR Network Private Limited to recognize , celebrate and encourage excellence in education and learning . The endeavor was to recognize and reward excellence , innovative initiatives and exemplary work in the Education Sector in a spectacular style .
This year , these prestigious awards were presented to 40 winners at 5 different levels . The exacting and daunting feat of zeroing-in on the winners was achieved by Today Research and Ratings Network , with the support from its associates and partners , after an elaborate and meticulous selection process which included inviting nominations from potential nominees , substantial research and surveys , collation of feedback and opinions , screening based on judging parameters and subsequently choosing the winners through an independent jury panel .
The significant parameters which were considered for selecting the winners included Qualification & Professional Experience , Infrastructure & Facilities , Market Presence & Competition , Growth & Profitability , Quality & Operational Excellence , Financial & Business Acumen , Innovation & Novelty in Services , Ingenuity and Imagination , Sustainability & Environmental Awareness , Job & Impact Potential , Client/Customer & Industry Feedback , Use of Technology & Trends , Efforts for Risk & Setback Mitigation , Previous Awards & Achievements etc .
The event was graced by an elite panel of guests and dignitaries that included names like Shri Harish Rawat – Former Chief Minister , Uttarakhand , Shri Chetan Sharma – Former Cricketer , Indian Cricket Team , Ms. Priyanka Chaturvedi – Politician & National Spokesperson , Indian National Congress , and Shri Vasant Kumar – Advisor , Ministry of Micro , Small & Medium Enterprises , Government of India .
These awards are conferred upon to recognize and felicitate the achievements and the work done by institutions and individuals in improving the quality of education , and thereby continuously working towards making of a better India .
A comprehensive list of winners of the Better India Education Awards , 2018 :
Pratibha Public School – Best CBSE School in Chhattisgarh
Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic – Best Upcoming Polytechnic College in Maharashtra
Bal Bharati Public School , Pitampura – Best CBSE School in Delhi & NCR
Gandhi Memorial College , Srinagar – Best Degree College in Srinagar
Venus Public School – Best CBSE School in Gwalior
Shram Sadhana Bombay Trusts ' College of Engineering and Technology – Best Multi-Disciplinary Engineering College in Maharashtra
BLM Institute of Technology & Management Science – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Rajasthan
Shri Ram Institute of Technology – Best Engineering College in Madhya Pradesh
Prof. ( Dr. ) Ajay Kumar – Best Educationist of the Year , 2018
Trinity Institute of Professional Studies ( TIPS ) – Best Professional Degree College in Delhi & NCR
New Era College of Science and Technology – Best Diploma Engineering College in Ghaziabad
Mehr Chand Polytechnic College – Best Polytechnic College in Punjab
Bhargava College of Engineering & Technology – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Jammu & Kashmir
Chanderprabhu Jain College of Higher Studies & School of Law – Best Institute in Delhi & NCR for Management and Legal Studies
Budge Budge Institute of Technology – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Kolkata
Meenakshi World School – Best International School in Gurgaon
MIT-ADT University , Pune – Best Private University of the Year
Swami Sant Dass Public School – Best CBSE School in Jalandhar
Nav Chetna College of Teacher 's Education – Most Promising B.Ed . College in Dehradun
Vashistt Public School – Best Emerging CBSE School in Himachal Pradesh
Fortune Institute of International Business – Best Business School in North India
ISBM University – Best Emerging Private University in India
Flair Mania Bartending Academy – Best Bartending Institute in India
Butler Polytechnic – Best Polytechnic College in Gujarat
D.C. Model Senior Secondary School – Best Senior Secondary School in Punjab
Amar Shaheed Kanchan Singh Autonomous P.G . College , Fatehpur – Best Degree College in Uttar Pradesh
Dr. B.C . Roy Engineering College – Best Emerging Engineering College in India
Tirupati Group of Institutions , Ratia – Best Professional Group of Institutions in Haryana
Long View Public School – Best CBSE School in Nainital
Bunyad The Play School – Best Play School in Rewari
Vardhman Mahavir Public School – Best State Board School in Mandi
SHEDS College of Hospitality Management – Best Emerging Hotel Management College in Himachal Pradesh
Lakshmi Narain College of Pharmacy – Best Pharmacy College in Madhya Pradesh
VIBGYOR High , Vadodara – Best CBSE School in Gujarat
BFIT Group of Institutions , Dehradun – Best Life Sciences , Allied Sciences , Applied Sciences , Agricultural Sciences & Medical Sciences College in India
Harmon Educational Books – Most Innovative Publication House in Primary Education
Indo Kids International – Best Pre-School in Kolkata
The event concluded with a vote of thanks to all the present dignitaries , group photographs and press interviews of all the awardees and a sumptuous lunch where all the guests interacted with each other and shared good times and memories together .
About the Company :
TRR Network Private Limited is a top-rated , modern and full-service research and ratings agency specializing in both qualitative and quantitative research across a wide range of sectors . Today Research and Ratings ( TRR ) Network was established with one goal in mind – to consistently and significantly challenge the industry practices– and by doing so create the highest standard of excellence by which others should be judged . Our mission is to serve our clients by providing the highest quality professional services that addresses their business needs and growth strategies . We aspire for being a global leader by delivering world-class services , upholding the highest standards of client 's satisfaction and ethical standards .
Contact Person : Mr. Ambuj/ Mr. Rajeev
Telephone : +91-120- 4107771
Mobile : +91-8448096740 , +91-8448096745
Email : info @ todayresearchandratings.com ,
todayresearchnetwork @ gmail.com
Website : http : //todayresearchandratings.com/
Samsung Electronics chairperson Lee Kun-Hee 's daughters , president and chief executive of Hotel Shilla Lee Boo-jin ( C ) , vice president at Cheil Industries and Cheil Worldwide Lee Seo-Hyun ( L ) and their only son Samsung Electronics ' chief operating officer Jay Lee are seen after the Ho-am prize award ceremony in Seoul June 1 , 2012 . REUTERS/Seo Jae-hoon/Pool
FILE PHOTO : The headquarters of Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors are seen in Seoul , November 16 , 2011 . REUTERS/Jo Yong-Hak/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : A worker fixes the Hyundai logo on a vehicle at a plant of Hyundai Motor in Asan , south of Seoul , February 9 , 2012 . REUTERS/Lee Jae-Won/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Signage is seen at the Samsung 837 store in the Meatpacking District of Manhattan , New York , U.S. , October 10 , 2016 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly/File Photo
The Democratic Party 's candidates for the presidential primary Moon Jae-in ( L ) and Ahn Hee-jung pose with their elective symbol numbers at an event to declare their fair contest in the party 's presidential primary in Seoul , South Korea , March 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
SEOUL South Korea 's family-run conglomerates are facing calls for a shakeup in their governance from a leading candidate in May 's presidential election , following the ouster of former President Park Geun-hye in a burgeoning influence-peddling scandal . The conglomerates known as chaebol have come under the reform buzz saw before , only to emerge bigger and stronger than ever . The country 's four biggest chaebol groups account for around half the stock market 's value , according to the Korea Stock Exchange .
The question after the May 9 election is how deep will the reform drive go this time ? And would a new president tackle what critics say is at the heart of chaebol corporate governance conundrum - the spiderweb of cross-shareholdings among group companies held by their founding families ?
`` ... I do think there has been a sea change in attitudes among the Korean population at large so there is an increased chance of chaebol reform succeeding , '' said Mark Mobius , the executive chairperson of Templeton Emerging Markets Group .
`` But we ca n't expect fast results simply because the importance of the chaebols in the economy is still so great , '' they added in an email interview .
PARDONING CORPORATE CHIEFS
The ouster of Park Geun-hye as president on March 10 , following months of mass demonstrations , once again exposed the cosy ties between politicians and big business . Park themselves had come into office promising to reform the conglomerates .
Prosecutors said on Monday they are seeking an arrest warrant for Park , who faces charges of taking bribes from chaebol bosses , including Samsung 's Jay Y. Lee , in detention themselves while on trial .
The front-runner for the May 9 presidential election , Moon Jae-in has promised to end the practise of pardoning convicted corporate criminals , and to break up the nexus between big business and the government in the world 's 11th-largest economy .
Moon is targeting the top four groups -- Samsung , Hyundai Motor , SK and LG -- according to their economic advisor , Kim Sang-jo , nicknamed `` chaebol sniper '' for their shareholder activist campaign in the past two decades .
`` It will be difficult or almost impossible for chaebol to do things in the ways they used to do , '' Kim told Reuters .
The key to Moon 's chaebol reform policy is to get minority shareholders and board members to drive the pressure for better corporate governance in the family conglomerates , Kim said .
FAMILIAR REFRAIN
The scandals and calls for reform have a familiar refrain .
Twenty years ago , South Korea began sliding into its rendition of the Asian financial crisis , starkly illustrating the pitfalls in the government-business symbiosis that was the basis of South Korea 's remarkable economic takeoff . The government was forced to take a nearly $ 60 billion bailout from the International Monetary Fund to stave off national bankruptcy .
The terms of the bailout required the chaebol to adopt international standards of accounting and corporate governance and to restructure by shedding non-core units . They could no longer go to extreme levels of leverage for loans , the problem that precipitated the crisis .
In the ensuing years , chaebol chiefs in prison garb were paraded before TV cameras and presidents left office in disgrace over corruption scandals . Yet the family conglomerates thrived with their pardoned leaders back at the helm .
Prosecutors routinely say they have to weigh the economic consequences of indicting chaebol chieftains - they thought about charging the top echelon of Samsung Group 's leaders in the latest scandal , before deciding just to arrest Lee .
While the series of reforms following the 1997-98 financial crisis wrought major change to the chaebol 's accounting and corporate governance , it did little to sever the nexus with government , critics say . Nor did it do anything to disentangle the interlocking shares that define a structure of top chaebols like Samsung and Hyundai Motor Group .
The Samsung family , for instance , runs the giant conglomerate with just over 1 percent of its total shares while Hyundai Motor Group family owns 3.35 percent of its total stocks , according to data from the Fair Trade Commission .
“ It 's impossible to break up the chaebol like what MarArthur did in Japan , ” said Chang Sea-jin , business professor at Korea Advanced Institute of Science & Technology , referring to Gen. Douglas Macarthur 's dismantling of Japan 's zaibatsu conglomerates following World War Two .
“ What the next president will do is strengthen the role of the board of directors and the shareholders ' ability to exercise their rights… ''
MODEST REFORM ?
One potential model for restructuring would be to create a vertical ownership structure with a holding company at the top , replacing the current spiderweb of interlocking shareholdings .
Four out of the top 10 conglomerates including LG and SK have streamlined their corporate structures using holding companies , according to the FTC .
Samsung Electronics said on Friday , however , it would be difficult to adopt a holding company structure for now .
Moon is proposing a more modest goal : legislation that would give minority shareholders more power to nominate board members .
Chaebol leaders are girding for the coming battle .
`` We are deeply concerned about politicians riding on populism to push for changes without having a close look at the consequences , which would be unbearable , '' a source at one of the top conglomerates told Reuters . `` They are denying the basic principle of a market economy . ''
An official at South Korea 's business lobby group , Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry , said the move `` infringes on the rights of large shareholders for the sake of other shareholders . ''
CHAEBOL 'S SELF-REFORMS
Samsung Electronics ( 005930.KS ) and Hyundai Motor say they are trying to enhance shareholder value , through dividend payments , share buybacks and governance committees under their boards .
Investors say the moves both by the chaebol themselves and from the government could reduce the `` Korea discounts '' stemming from an opaque governance structure and underwhelming shareholder returns .
Last week , shares of Samsung Electronics hit record highs and Hyundai Motor ( 005380.KS ) also gained the most in over five years on expectations for restructuring .
`` If Korea can get the same kind of political support behind these initiatives , we could see a wave of corporate activity that can unlock tremendous amounts of value buried in inefficient structures or lazy balance sheets ... , '' said Steve Deitch , a portfolio manager at the Duet Group , which has $ 5 billion assets under management .
Knut-Harald Nilsson , portfolio manager at SKAGEN Funds , which hold $ 1.16 billion worth of Korean stocks , said the changes under way show the chaebols will remain strong `` but will to a much larger degree work for the benefit of all shareholders , not just themselves . ''
( Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin , Se Young Lee and Nichola Saminather ; Additional reporting by Simon Jessop and Maiya Keidan in LONDON ; Editing by Bill Tarrant )
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY , Alberta , June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country 's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion , its head said on Wednesday , as the company braces for major obstacles for the project .
MOSS POINT , Miss . -- Moss Point police have arrested a man on Sunday after they attempted to elude police .
Police received a call stating a suspicious subject was seen in a vacant lot off Hwy . 63 used as a holding location for tractor trailers and commercial storage containers .
When police arrived , they found 32-year-old Lemonte James Harris . After police attempted to contact Harris , they were led on a brief pursuit which ended with Harris losing control of their vehicle and crashed into a fence .
They were subsequently taken into custody . After they were subdued , they were found to be in possession of various items which were found to be stolen from multiple 18-wheeler trailers and commercial storage containers stored at that location .
Harris is charged with three counts of burglary of an automobile and one count of commercial burglary . They are currently being held at the Jackson County Adult Detention Center on a $ 20,000 bond .
Those who have any additional information about the crime are asked to contact Detective Vince Nye or the Moss Point Police Department at 228-475-1711 .
You may also contact Crime Stoppers at 800-787-5898 or visit the Mississippi Coast Crime Stoppers website at mscoastcrimestoppers.com .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) - The weather keeps wreaking havoc on the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Detroit Tigers .
Steady rain at PNC Park on Tuesday forced the clubs to postpone a game for the third time in the first month of the season .
The game was the 28th postponement in the majors this season , the most related to weather through April since the commissioner 's office started keeping those records in 1986 . Baltimore and Tampa Bay were also rained out on Tuesday .
Detroit and Pittsburgh will make up the game with a straight doubleheader on Wednesday starting at 4:05 p.m .
This is the second time the teams will play a doubleheader this season and the third time they 've had to reschedule due to weather . Wintry conditions pushed back opening day at Comerica Park on March 29 and their game on March 31 was also postponed . Pittsburgh swept a doubleheader from the Tigers on April 1 . Detroit also had two games against the New York Yankees wiped out earlier this month .
Pittsburgh will send out Jameson Taillon ( 2-1 , 2.86 ) in Game 1 against Detroit 's Jordan Zimmermann ( 1-0 , 7.71 ) . Chad Kuhl ( 2-1 , 4.57 ) , who had been scheduled to start on Tuesday and was originally slated to take the hill for the opener of the doubleheader , will face Matthew Boyd ( 0-1 , 1.40 ) in the nightcap .
The Pirates have dropped six of seven following a hot start , while the Tigers have won five of seven .
Pittsburgh 's offense has cooled off during its current slide and manager Clint Hurdle believes their team 's struggles are part of a somewhat larger trend , one the weather is impacting . There could be more strikeouts than hits across the majors in a month for the first time , and Hurdle pointed to frigid temperatures as an issue .
`` This has been the most challenging weather I 've ever been a part of , and I 'm not playing , '' said Hurdle , who spent a decade in the majors as a player from 1977-87 before going into coaching . `` It 's hard to hit when it 's cold . ''
Pittsburgh had more strikeouts than hits in each game while dropping a four-game set with Philadelphia last week . Hurdle pointed to their own experiences as a player as proof that when conditions are n't ideal , hitting can become painful .
`` Sometimes , you can only have one bad at-bat , the first at-bat of a game , in this kind of weather , ( and ) that can re-arrange your mental furniture , '' they said . `` I know if I hit a ball right off the end of the bat , that first at-bat , I knew I did n't want to do it again . Some of my aggressiveness might have leaked out of me . ''
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Redox OS started development mid-way through last year while this year things really took off for this Rust-written operating system from scratch . The project has provided a recap of all of their OS accomplishments for 2016.Among the work done by this set of developers working on this original operating system in Rust was rewriting their kernel entirely , improving their memory allocator 's performance significantly , Internet support on Redox , and more games/applications are beginning to work on Redox . Developers are also working on `` TFS '' as the new default file-system in development , rustc support is in place , and there is at least one full-time developer working on the project .
The current appearance of Redox OS . Image courtesy of Redox-OS.org .
For those curious about the TFS file-system , it 's self-described as `` a modular , fast , and feature rich next-gen file system , employing modern techniques for high performance , high space efficiency , and high scalability . TFS was created out of the need for a modern file system for Redox OS , as a replacement for ZFS , which proved to be slow to implement because of its monolithic design . TFS is inspired by the ideas behind ZFS , but at the same time it aims to be modular and easier to implement . `` More details on the state of Redox OS can be found via this blog post
PORTLAND , Maine ( AP ) - A Maine high school student who fled their native Zambia says the experience of participating in a national spoken poetry competition was `` heaven '' even though they did n't advance .
Deering High School junior Allan Monga had to go to court to become one of 53 participants Tuesday in the national Poetry Out Loud competition in Washington , D.C .
U.S. Rep. Chellie Pingree , who championed their cause , said the asylum seeker learned about `` persisting through challenges to chase your dreams . ''
A federal judge allowed the 19-year-old Monga to participate in the competition hosted by the National Endowment for the Arts . The NEA originally prohibited Monga from competing because they have n't been granted legal asylum .
Monga told the Portland Press Herald that , `` Just being here and experiencing this was like heaven . ''
The rental company for baby equipment in South Florida , Baby Borrow Rental , offers a variety of car seats to help families protect their babies while they travel around Florida .
[ Fort Lauderdale , 07/04/2018 ] — Baby Borrow Rental has a wide selection of baby car seats for families to rent while they visit Florida . Car seats are essential accessories to keep children safe during long drives .
The company explains that renting a car seat for a child is a better option to avoid the inconvenience of bringing extra baggage . Families can rent the car seat for at least three days up to four weeks .
High-Quality Car Seats from Reliable Brands
Families will have more fun visiting different places in Florida when they know their child is safe . Baby Borrow Rental offers an extensive collection of baby car seats to help families have a more enjoyable trip .
Baby Borrow Rental 's high-quality car seats give full protection to a child . Each car seat undergoes inspection and sanitation to maintain their safety . Baby Borrow Rental carries a variety of car seat options from reliable baby equipment brands including Britax , Chicco , Graco , and more .
A Car Seat for Each Child
Baby Borrow Rental 's collection of car seats varies in styles that can accommodate every child 's needs . It could be a regular variety with a snug adjustable harness or parents can go for the carry all-in-one stroller and infant car seat models .
One of the top-rated car seats is the Britax Boulevard car seat . This car seat has two layers of impact protection and a strong stabilizing steel frame . This structure will provide optimal protection to the child .
The company offers specific pricing for every length of stay . In case the family has some changes with their schedule , they can pay for additional rate for each extra day .
About Baby Borrow Rental
Baby Borrow Rental is a rental company in South Florida operating since 1972 . The company offers safe and clean baby equipment and other essential items from the top brands at the best prices . Its equipment rental includes delivery and assembly . Baby Borrow Rental is near the Miami International Airport and Fort Lauderdale Airport .
For more information , visit https : //www.babyborrow.com/ today .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EDMOND , Okla. - A veterinarian in Oklahoma has quite a tale to tell after removing 21 pacifiers from a dog 's stomach .
The veterinarian at Gentle Care Animal Hospital said they had to share the story because `` this was the most fascinating and exciting surgery I have ever done ... ''
A local couple recently had a baby and were wondering what was happening to all of their child 's pacifiers .
One day , the child 's grandmother saw the dog , Dovey , jump up on the counter and take off with one .
The couple told the veterinarian that Dovey had slowed down their eating and had been vomiting a little phlegm for a few days , but other than that , they said the dog seemed fine and that they had n't noticed any other changes .
When Dovey vomited up a pacifier one day , the couple decided it was time to take the dog in for an x-ray , according to the hospital 's Facebook post .
Judging from the x-ray , the local veterinarian believed there were between 7 to 9 pacifiers in the dog 's stomach .
However , during surgery , the veterinarian found 21 pacifiers in the dog 's stomach !
Fortunately , Dovey is doing great and gets to go home today , the veterinarian told KFOR .
`` Dog 's will eat anything , anytime and at any age so always be watching ! ! ! '' the veterinarian posted to Facebook .
So fare warning , some people may find the following series of photos disturbing ! ! I have to show them for two reasons , first , this was the most fascinating and exciting surgery I have ever done or my staff has ever been a part of . We love Dovey , and they are doing GREAT post op . Dr. Dad ( who incidentally sutured my forehead together last year when the leaf blower fell off the shelf in the garage onto my face ! ! ! ) and Mom recently had their second beautiful child but were having a missing binkie dilemma , then grandma saw Dovey jump up on a counter and take off with one . They recently had slowed down their eating and vomited a little phlegm for a few days but other than that was acting fine . When they vomited up a binkie , plus the story from grandma , dad brought them in for an x-ray . You can see the binkie 's stacked up in the stomach , we counted 7-9 . Well ...... by the end of surgery we had pulled 21 out of their stomach . That is the second , and most important , reason I am sharing these photo 's . Dog 's will eat anything , anytime and at any age so always be watching ! ! ! Thank Dr Dad and Mom for letting me share this with clients ! ! !
Looking At Education with Carol Kocivar
Jill Wynns joins Carol to talk about the future of public education . What is the federal role ? What really works to improve schools ?
What is the story on vouchers ? Jill is the past president of the California School Boards Association and the San Francisco Unified School District Board of Education .
You hit the off-road trails of Moab , and you 'll likely see a cavalcade of Jeeps tackling steep inclines with ease . What you wo n't see , usually , is a brand-new 2019 Kia Sorento wrestling with one of the hardest off-road treks – Hell 's Gate . It looks a tad out of place with its family-friendly appearance and mediocre approach and departure angles . However , that did n't stop the YouTube channel autoedit from at least trying to tackle Hell 's Gate in a Kia .
Some modifications were made , but they were n't extensive at all . BFGoodrich KO2 all-terrain tires were added on the stock wheels . That 's a fair upgrade . A skid plate for the oil pan was added , but only on the hardest part of the trail . And during the actual ascent up Hell 's Gate , the sway bars were disconnected . Throw in some expert off-road drivers to spot and take the wheel , and you have a pretty decent recipe for off-road success .
The Kia looks gangly creeping up Hell 's Gate like a newly born giraffe slowly getting its footing for the first time . It 's awkward at first , with a stumble that crunches one corner of the rear bumper , pulling it lose . Slowly , the Sorento creeps up , tires sometimes spinning and smoking trying to gain traction . Eventually , it crests Hell 's Gate like a professional .
This is a torture test for a crossover like this . The Sorento is much happier waiting in lines outside a school to pick up the kids . However , if the apocalypse decides to get in the way of getting to the youth soccer game , the Sorento would have no problem clawing its way to the game . Just make sure to add that skid plate , keep a spare of off-road tires in the garage , and disconnect those sway bars , and you 'll be good to go .
Source : autoedit via YouTube
The millions of Americans who have n't saved enough money for retirement still have a potential safety net : their home equity . But recent changes to reverse mortgages mean seniors and their families may have tougher decisions to make .
Reverse mortgages allow people 62 and older to tap their home equity without having to pay the money back until they move out , sell the house or die . Borrowers can take payouts as lump sums , monthly checks or through a line of credit that can be tapped at will . The reverse mortgage debt grows over time , typically at variable interest rates , and may deplete all the equity in the home , leaving nothing for heirs . If the home is worth less than the reverse mortgage balance , though , borrowers and their heirs ca n't be held responsible for that loss .
The loans earned a bad reputation as commission-hungry salespeople preyed on seniors who did n't understand the loans ' complexities or who had financial problems so severe that they quickly burned through the money . Another problem was unscrupulous advisers who urged people to use their equity to buy questionable investments , including expensive annuities .
Over the years , the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development , which oversees the Home Equity Conversion Mortgage program that insures most reverse mortgages , implemented changes that made the loans safer and , in some cases , cheaper .
Costs fell enough that fee-only financial planners who traditionally had shunned these loans started to recommend them to wealthier clients as a portfolio protection strategy . People could borrow against a reverse mortgage line of credit when markets were down , rather than selling shares at their lows . Research , much of it published in the influential Journal of Financial Planning , found the strategy allowed people to spend more with less risk of running out of money in retirement .
In October 2017 , the Trump administration reduced the amount people could borrow and increased the costs , raising the upfront mortgage insurance premium for a line of credit from 0.5 percent to 2 percent of a home 's value . HUD Secretary Ben Carson cited losses in the program and a need to put it on a `` more sustainable footing . ''
Using reverse mortgages for portfolio protection can still make sense , but the strategy is a harder sell now with the changes , says certified financial planner Michael Kitces of Columbia , Maryland , who was an early advocate of the strategy .
`` For a reasonably affluent client that has a $ 300,000 or $ 500,000 house , that 's $ 6,000 to $ 10,000 of upfront costs just in case you might ever need the line of credit , '' Kitces says . `` It 's just too much of a mental upfront hurdle for most clients . ''
Even before reverse mortgages became more expensive , the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau warned last year against another strategy that some financial advisers were promoting : using the loans to delay claiming Social Security .
Social Security benefits grow about 7 to 8 percent each year they 're delayed after age 62 , but the costs and risks of reverse mortgages generally exceed the cumulative lifetime benefits of bigger Social Security checks , the CFPB says . Borrowing money for living expenses early in retirement can mean there 's not enough left to handle later financial shocks , such as long-term care .
The CFPB took action in 2016 against three reverse mortgage lenders for deceptive advertising that claimed people could n't lose their homes . Although borrowers do n't have to make monthly payments on the loans , they do have to keep up with property taxes , insurance and maintenance .
These days , reverse mortgages may be best suited for the way many people have traditionally used them : to pay off existing mortgages so they can eliminate monthly payments or to generate monthly income in retirement , say Wade Pfau , professor of retirement income at The American College of Financial Services in Bryn Mawr , Pennsylvania . Those borrowers actually benefited from some of the changes , which included a reduction in annual insurance premiums on borrowed amounts .
`` Your loan balance grows more slowly , which is good , '' says Pfau , the author of the recently updated book `` Reverse Mortgages . ''
The brief heyday of the portfolio protection strategy may have had a silver lining : It got more financial planners thinking about a product they used to shun . Kristi Sullivan , a certified financial planner in Denver , says they now talk to clients more often about reverse mortgages and the potential uses of home equity in retirement .
`` Some people are still reluctant to discuss the option , but more and more are open to listen and look at financial models using a reverse mortgage , '' Sullivan says .
_______
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet .
Liz Weston is a columnist at NerdWallet , a certified financial planner and author of `` Your Credit Score . '' Email : lweston @ nerdwallet.com . Twitter : @ lizweston .
RELATED LINK :
NerdWallet : What you need to know about reverse mortgages https : //nerd.me/reverse-mortgage
Track Artist Album
Warampi Warumpi Band A
Wayward son Sonny Keeler A
Respect Christine Anu A
To sir with love Jessica Mauboy A
Go with the flow The Merrg A
Early warning Sonny Keeler A
Bapa Gurrumul A
Nibe Nibe King Kadu A
Took the children away Archie Roach A
Inma Electric Fields A
Land of a thousand dances Jessica Mauboy A
I cant help myself Jessica Mauboy A
Tamilla The Merrg A
Brisbane black Mop and the dropouts A
Small change Glen Skuthorpe A
Shade Away Electric Fields A
I smoked with Willie and Merle Troy Casser-Daly A
Charcoal lane Archie Roach A
Too Black Strong A.B Original A
Treaty Jimblah ft Yothu Yindi + Ellie Lovegrove A
Back to square one Krista Pav A
Sing with you Jimblah and Zachariah Fielding A
You make me feel like a natural woman Christine Anu A
Beds are Burning Deisal and dub ft Frank Yamma A
ORLANDO ( CBS Local ) – Disney World is opening up their theme parks , and their wallet , in a search for thousands of summer workers this year . The Florida resort is looking to fill around 3,500 positions and is reportedly offering signing bonuses of up to $ 3,000 in order to entice part-time employees .
Disney 's annual hiring blitz is in preparation for the summer vacation season and the company is looking to staff a wide variety of jobs including culinary chefs , lifeguards , bus drivers , and housekeepers . Disney began hosting a series of job fairs for these openings on April 23 at the ESPN Wide World of Sports complex , which focused on staffing the resort 's cooking positions .
A lifeguard job fair is scheduled for May 2 at Disney 's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park in Lake Buena Vista . According to the Orlando Sentinel , full-time and part-time lifeguards can get a $ 1,000 signing bonus in 2018 , double the amount from last year .
Disney 's housekeeping job fair is being held on May 9 at the Walt Disney World Resort Casting Center . The company is also accepting applications for these openings Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Eastern Time through May . Housekeepers are receiving bonuses of $ 1,250 and an hourly wage of $ 10.50 according to the Sentinel .
Disney World 's neighbor , Universal Studios , is also stocking up on employees for the summer rush . The theme park and resort also announced that they 'll be hiring 3,000 new workers . The resort said in a press release it will be offering workers “ competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits packages ” as well as other perks like free admission to their park .
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) — President Donald Trump 's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid advised Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while they were Indiana 's governor , a post they maintained amid a web of business arrangements — including one that ethics experts say conflicted with their public duties .
A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and their small Indianapolis-based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett Packard . The company holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma 's consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere .
Them firm , SVC Inc. , collected more than $ 6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011 , records show . At the same time , records indicate they also received more than $ 1 million through a contract with Hewlett , the nation 's largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems .
Last year , their firm collected an additional $ 316,000 for work done for the state of Kentucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises , according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests .
In financial disclosures posted this week , Verma reported they have an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing , Michigan , within 90 days of their confirmation .
In a statement , a spokesperson for Verma said there was no conflict of interest and added that they have the support of former officials who served with them under Pence .
Them firm was “ completely transparent in regards to its relationship with HP and that there was never a conflict of interest , ” spokesperson Marcus Barlow said in a statement .
A spokesperson for Pence did not respond to a request for comment .
Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday . Democrats in Washington are aware of many of their consulting arrangements , and have broader concerns about their philosophy about government entitlement programs , lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization .
As a trusted adviser to Pence , they had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state administrators . Verma was also widely respected for their grasp on policy and designed a federal Medicaid waiver that allowed Pence to undertake their own conservative expansion of the program while still accepting money made available through the Affordable Care Act .
Verma did not specifically address how they would handle decisions related to HP in a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services that was released this week . The letter outlined their plan for managing potential conflicts of interest should they be confirmed by the Senate to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services . Them relationship with HP was first reported by the Indianapolis Star in 2014 .
Legal and ethics experts contacted by AP say Verma 's work for Hewlett , and offshoot HP Enterprises , raised questions about where their loyalties lay — to the company , or to state taxpayers .
Richard Painter , former President George W. Bush 's chief ethics lawyer , called Verma 's arrangement a “ conflict of interest ” that “ clearly should not happen and is definitely improper . ”
Such arrangements are typically prohibited for rank-and-file state employees under Indiana 's ethics rules and laws , but they 're murkier when it comes to consulting work . Contractors have often replaced state employees in a GOP bid to drive down the number of public employees , distinctions between the two can be hard to discern .
“ She was cloaked with so much responsibility and so much authority , people thought they were a state employee , ” said Debra Minot , a former head of Indiana 's Family and Social Services Agency under Pence who worked with Verma .
Indiana University law professor David Orentlicher compared Verma 's dual employment to an attorney who represents both the plaintiff and the defense in a lawsuit . It 's also similar to federal contract negotiator with a side job for a company they regularly negotiate with , they said .
“ If you have one person on both sides of the negotiating , they ca n't negotiate hard for both sides , ” said Orentlicher , a former Indiana Democratic state lawmaker .
There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when they were dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute , said Minot .
“ It was never clear to me until that moment that she , in essence , was representing both the agency and one of our very key contractors , ” said Minot , who was removed as head of the agency by Pence over their disagreements with Verma . “ It was just shocking to me that they could play both sides . ”
State contracts show Verma 's duties to Indiana and Hewlett have overlapped at times . One agreement they held with the state 's social services agency required them to “ provide technical assistance ” to state contractors , as well as the governor 's office . Another duty was “ contract development and negotiation ” with vendors , which included HP and HP Enterprises
Verma reported their salary with SVC is $ 480,000 and their business income from the company as nearly $ 2.2 million .
___
Johnson reported from Chicago .
Dardanup shire chief executive officer Mark Chester has handed in their resignation and will exit the role at the end of January .
Shire president Mick Bennett said they had received Mr Chester 's resignation after the long-serving CEO was given a positive performance review at a council meeting last night .
Mr Bennett praised the service of Mr Chester who has been in the role for 22 years .
“ Mark will be very difficult to replace as they have been a valuable servant of the shire for a long time , ” they said .
“ I have accepted their resignation but they will stay with us until the end of January .
“ That will give us plenty of time to find a replacement that can live up to the standard set by Mark . ”
More to come ...
John Timpane is the books/fine arts editor/writer for the Inquirer . Their beat includes books , social media , dance , theater , art , museums , and classical music . From 1997 to 2008 they were the Commentary page editor .
In an 1812 Productions dressing room , playwright Michael Hollinger talks with actor Jessica Johnson about the script for “ Hope and Gravity . ”
“ I 'm feeling a little like a bigamist who is moving between these two families , ” says playwright Michael Hollinger . “ The good thing is they know about each other and neither begrudges my being at the other 's place . ”
What 's this ? True confessions of a dramatist ? Not exactly . For the second straight season , not one but two of Hollinger 's plays are on at the same time : Sing the Body Electric , a world premiere at Theatre Exile ( through May 13 ) ; and Hope and Gravity at 1812 Productions ( April 26-May 20 ) .
So he 's had to be around , for both companies , answering questions , making occasional comments or suggestions , being a collaborator … in two places at once .
It was easier early this month , because Exile and 1812 were rehearsing just a floor apart at 1812 's offices on South Third Street . Hollinger was going up and down stairs , from one company , one dramatic world , to another , trying to give equal time . They let us tag along for those early sessions .
It was intense . As the directors and actors tried out various ways of doing lines and scenes , Hollinger was as focused as you can be .
In an early rehearsal for Hope and Gravity , the 1812 cast came to a scene in which an older couple is selling their longtime family home to a younger couple . The sellers have many powerful feelings , including sorrow and regret ; the buyers , while trying to be polite , are trained mostly on their present and future . The cross-generation talk is bumpy , awkward . The two men try to shoot the breeze about the house .
Hollinger : “ It should be like guys talking about lawns. ” Laughter .
Director Jennifer Childs , Hollinger , and the cast discussed the characters ' emotional states , real estate issues , house prices . One actor read a line , and Childs said to its recipient : “ What do you think you 're going to say when you hear someone say that to you ? ”
Suli Holum as Nan , the older woman , said , “ Let 's talk about why we 're motivated sellers , ” and Sean Close as Steve , the younger man , thought out loud , “ So this is a year after we 've graduated ? And then we got married ? And I 'm having some success now as an ad writer , and it 's all going too fast ? And my wife can think quicker , and I 'm more passive ? ”
Hollinger nodded .
Jessica Johnson as Jen said , “ Right , if I 'm seven to eight months pregnant , I 'm thinking , ‘ We 've got to move on this . ' ”
Hollinger agreed : “ There are a number of times when you say , ‘ I think we 've seen all we have to see , ' and that 's for your husband 's benefit . ”
At Theatre Exile , the feeling was different , maybe because this is a brand-new play ( Hope and Gravity was first produced in 2014 ) and everyone was feeling their way forward together . Scenes alternate : In one , Lloyd ( played by Anthony Lawton ) angrily interrogates Doris ( Kimberly S. Fairbanks ) , and in another , Blake ( Trevor William Fayle ) , a young man who has survived a lightning strike , tries to duck questions from a fascinated Jess ( Kishia Nixon ) .
It was remarkable how much Hollinger did not say . As with director Childs and Hope and Gravity , here the reins were firmly in director Deborah Block 's hands . ( Later , Hollinger said , “ One of the keys to this thing is that Jen , Deborah , and I have known each other for a long time , and there 's a lot of trust there . ” )
On this day , the comments and focus centered on movement . Doris tried different ways of walking uncomfortably around a table as Lloyd grilled them with rising anger . At one point in the play , Jess gets Blake to take their shirt off , and they see their scars from the lightning strike . Blake says , in a small voice , that the scars are called “ Lichtenberg figures , ” which make patterns like fractals .
Block said , “ That was great . The voice you used there , just great . ”
They did the scene again , and at one point , while Blake struggled to explain , Jess walked across the imaginary “ stage. ” They had n't done that before . Block said , with a smile : “ I liked when you walked across like that . That sort of changed the whole scene. ” Hollinger was also smiling . They might keep that one .
Those were the early days . Soon , the companies departed to their separate theaters . Theatre Exile went to its temporary digs at the Latvian Society on North Seventh Street ( its longtime home is being renovated ) , and 1812 went to its home at Plays and Players Theatre on Delancey Place . So Hollinger started making a crosstown trek , and they let our photographer go along .
Clearly , Hollinger ca n't really escape being a kind of authority , to be consulted for advice , clarification , opinion – but they are also careful , picking moments , letting the pros do their jobs . And that , they said later , is tough .
“ Everything I 'm watching , I 'm asking , ‘ Is it true ? ' ” they said . “ As the actors try things different ways , is it still true ? Is this way truer than that ? ”
He 's particularly alert , they said , for “ where the lies show up , ” where something does n't seem true to life . “ The lie might be in the writing , in which case I need to rewrite . The lie might be in the staging , where you might say , ‘ Well , the line is fine , but the person would n't say that standing , or standing this particular way with this other person . ' Or the lie might be in the acting . Then you might say , ‘ Yeah , but they would n't laugh when they say that ' or , ‘ They would laugh when they say that , not keep a straight face . ' ”
The trick knows when to speak up and when not . “ My first and hardest tack , ” they said , “ is to just wait , because if your collaborators are smart and observant – and , thank goodness , my collaborators here are – they will also find solutions . It 's always better if the director and the actors find it themselves . ”
Last fall , the two Hollinger plays were Red Herring , a 2000 comedy that had a sparkling run at Act II Playhouse in Ambler , and TouchTones , a world-premiere musical at the Arden Theatre Company . Hollinger called TouchTones “ a mammoth project that was brand-new and therefore prone to big rewrites at the last moment . ”
“ There 's so much doubt with a musical , ” they said . “ You keep thinking , ‘ What if it 's no good ? What if I 've wasted 12 years of my life working on this ? ' And it was much harder making changes , especially when songs or music were involved . Each change means making 10 other changes . ”
Red Herring is a tight , well-honed , indestructible romp , “ and with that , I could just sit back and let the actors work . It 's a comfort , ” they said , looking at their watch and wondering where to be next , “ just to let go and let the process be the process . ”
THEATER Sings the Body Electric . Through May 13 at Theatre Exile , Latvian Society , 531 N. 7th St. Tickets : $ 25- $ 40 . Information : 215-218-4022 , theatreexile.org . Hope and Gravity . April 26-May 20 at 1812 Productions , Plays and Players Theatre , 1714 Delancey Place . Tickets : $ 28- $ 42 . Information : 215-592- 9560 , 1812productions.org .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
The news of actor Sonali Bendre suffering from “ high-grade cancer ” shocked one and all . Bollywood stars like Karan Johar , Divya Dutta and Arjun Kapoor came out to appreciate their will and determination to fight the disease , and hoped for their “ speedy recovery ” .
The actor on Wednesday took to Twitter and Instagram to reveal that they have been diagnosed with a “ high-grade cancer ” and they are undergoing treatment in New York .
“ Sometimes , when you least expect it , life throws you a curveball . I have recently been diagnosed with a high grade cancer that has metastised , which we frankly did not see coming , ” they said , thanking their friends and family members for their support .
The news shocked stars , who took to Twitter to express their views . Here 's what the stars tweeted :
Karan Johar : Godspeed , love and strength to a true fighter and a solid soul .
Godspeed , love and strength to a true fighter and a solid soul ! ! ! ❤❤❤ https : //t.co/fvUOpD9ubW — Karan Johar ( @ karanjohar ) July 4 , 2018
Divya Dutta : Dearest dearest one , remember you always with a girl wit so much strength and will power ! Loads of prayers for you ! Get well real soon ! Big big hug .
Dearest dearest one , remember you always with a girl wit so much strength n will power ! ! ! ! Loads of prayers fr you ! ! ! Get well real soon ! ! ! ! Big big hug https : //t.co/SdkJL1N9jj — Divya Dutta ( @ divyadutta25 ) July 4 , 2018
Riteish Deshmukh : Deeply saddened and shaken by this news . Praying for your speedy recovery and good health .
Deeply saddened & shaken by this news . Praying for your speedy recovery & good health @ iamsonalibendre . 🙏🏽 @ GOLDIEBEHL sending all the positivity & best wishes . https : //t.co/vI537mH47j — Riteish Deshmukh ( @ Riteishd ) July 4 , 2018
Rajkummar Rao : Wishing you a speedy recovery ma'am . Sending you all my love and prayers .
Wishing you a speedy recovery ma'am . Sending you all my love and prayers . — Rajkummar Rao ( @ RajkummarRao ) July 4 , 2018
Arjun Kapoor : Fight that bastard Sonali do n't let it win .
Fight that bastard Sonali do n't let it win ! ! ! https : //t.co/MW8xFb8JTz — Arjun Kapoor ( @ arjunk26 ) July 4 , 2018
Neha Dhupia : This too shall pass … you are an incredible woman with immense strength … we send you all our love… . things are only going to get better .
This too shall pass … you are an incredible woman with immense strength … we send you all our love… . things are only going to get better . @ iamsonalibendre https : //t.co/toWRu9kExD — Neha Dhupia ( @ NehaDhupia ) July 4 , 2018
Madhur Bhandarkar : Dear Sonali , you are wonderful human being , I am sure you will fight all the odds and overcome this situation . Wishing you a speedy recovery . Praying for strength for you , Goldie Behl and your family .
Dear @ iamsonalibendre you are wonderful human being , I am sure you will fight all the odds and overcome this situation . Wishing you a speedy recovery . Praying for strength for u @ GOLDIEBEHL and ur family.🙏 https : //t.co/KCao9AX9nq — Madhur Bhandarkar ( @ imbhandarkar ) July 4 , 2018
Shruti Haasan : Sending you love and prayers
Sending you love and prayers — shruti haasan ( @ shrutihaasan ) July 4 , 2018
Vivek Anand Oberoi : You are one of the strongest women I know ! I admire and respect how you always stood your ground in the face of adversity…and won ! A wonder woman who does it all — actor , author , mom , wife ! An inspiration to so many . Cancer will surely lose this fight ! Our love and prayers are with you always .
You are one of the strongest women I know ! I admire & respect how u always stood ur ground in the face of adversity…and won ! A WonderWoman who does it all-actor , author , mom , wife ! An inspiration 2so many ! Cancer will surely lose this fight ! Our Love & Prayers are with u always ! https : //t.co/EPtrOsH0Xa — Vivek Anand Oberoi ( @ vivekoberoi ) July 4 , 2018
Aftab Shivdasani : Dear Sonali , sending you lots of positivity and prayers for this fight of yours . I salute your spirit and pray that all goes well… good willing all will be okay .
Dear Sonali , sending you lots of positivity and prayers for this fight of yours . I Salute your spirit and pray that all goes well .. good willing all will be okay . 🙏🏼 https : //t.co/x90SaKyrhV — Aftab Shivdasani ( @ AftabShivdasani ) July 4 , 2018
Omung Kumar : Sonali , you are a fighter and we all know that you will fight this and come back to us . Our interaction on shoot were full of fun and masti , comparing shoes… telling each othe ” s lives stories… we miss that . Come back soon . We all are praying… sending all our wishes to you .
Ethyl linalyl acetate is a colorless , clear liquid chemical used as a perfuming agent and fragrance ingredient . It is a more refined alternative to linalyl acetate . Ethyl linalyl acetate is one of the most versatile and useful esters . It is softer , floral , more bergamot and less lavender than linalyl acetate and has an elegant , refreshing effect in floral bouquets . Ethyl linalyl acetate is increasingly being in perfumery , and seems not only to substitute linalyl acetate in many cases , but is useful in many applications . On the other hand , linalyl acetate has limitations in soaps and floral fragrances . The compound has greater stability , richer odor , and better tenacity . It also blends excellently with the conventional perfume and soap perfume materials with almost no limits of application . To the perfumer , ethyl linalyl acetate represents a source of fragrances , which no other material can provide . A good grade of ethyl linalyl acetate has soft sweetness quite different from its isomeric primary alcohols , geraniol , or citronellol . Furthermore , it serves as a natural and desirable top note in perfumes as it has lower boiling point than these alcohols . Its esters , particularly the acetate , impart predominant note in essential oils such as bergamot , and lavender . Ethyl linalyl acetate is an excellent base for old-fashioned but still popular cologne-type fragrances .
Get Research Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ethyl-linalyl-acetate-market.html
Ethyl linalyl acetate is used in large quantities in soap and detergent products , and has been found to be stable and non-discoloring . Additionally , its mellow character and fresh odor are of value in giving a natural character to perfumes based on synthetic aromatics . These properties extend the use of ethyl linalyl acetate to a wide range of floral and non-floral fragrances . Ethyl linalyl acetate is also employed in large quantities in soaps and detergents , including liquids of high alkalinity . Furthermore , fragrance compositions add fresh smell of pine to exotic top notes to fine perfumes and household cleaning products . The ethyl linalyl acetate market is expected to experience healthy growth during the forecast period . It is primarily driven by the demand from companies that manufacture food and beverages , cosmetics , perfumes , toiletries , and household products . Additionally , emerging middle class in developing countries is a key driver boosting the ethyl linalyl acetate market . Growth in the market is dependent on the availability and geographical distribution of flavors and fragrances among consumers . Furthermore , manufacturing aroma chemicals by chemical synthesis has opened up a branch of chemistry .
Based on end-use type , the global ethyl linalyl acetate market has been divided into soaps and detergents industry , cosmetics and toiletries industry , fine fragrances industry , and household cleaners and air fresheners industry . The global ethyl linalyl acetate market has been witnessing growth in recent years due to the increasing demand for natural ingredients . Additionally , several factors contribute to the growth of the flavors and fragrances market , including worldwide rise in industrialization , which is leading to large-volume production of flavored or scented products such as processed foods and beverages , personal care products , soap , detergents , oral hygiene products , and household cleaners . Despite the various advantages offered by flavors and fragrances , some restraining factors hamper the market . These include fluctuation in raw material prices .
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=20474
Asia Pacific dominated the global ethyl linalyl acetate market in terms of revenue in 2015 . India and China are projected to exhibit rapid growth , boosting the usage of flavors and fragrances in the region . Furthermore , developing regions continue to acquire an increasing share of the global market . This creates vast market opportunities . Leading flavor and fragrance manufacturers are expected to continue to make investments in these areas . The ethyl linalyl acetate market is expected to expand at a rapid pace in developing countries ; however , industrialized countries are slated to continue to account for the majority of demand . For instance , the U.S. alone accounted for around one-third share of total demand in 2015 . Other countries with significant share of the market include China , Japan , France , Germany , and India .
Key players operating in the ethyl linalyl acetate market include BASF , Bell Flavors & Fragrances , China Flavors & Fragrances , and CPL Aromas .
About us :
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research , customized research , and consulting services . TMR 's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical , chemicals and materials , technology and media , food and beverages , and consumer goods , among others . Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts , competitive landscape , detailed segmentation , key trends , and strategic recommendations .
Contact us :
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
WASHINGTON — It 's an exciting time for the D.C. United franchise off the field , both with Audi Field 's construction underway and the recent flurry of acquisitions at the deadline of the international transfer window .
But while team brass insisted Thursday upon introducing their newly acquired collection of talent that they intended to continue to compete this year , it all may be a bit too little , a bit too late .
“ We 've accomplished our goals , which is to bring talent to the club , bring players that are in their prime , and bring players with big upside , ” said general manager Dave Kasper upon introducing the new foursome .
That group consisted of 19 year-old Bruno Miranda , who brings hopes that they might revive some of the glory of fellow Bolivian nationals Jaime Moreno and Marco Etcheverry , the first- and sixth-leading scorers in team history .
It also included Zoltan Stieber , a regular on the Hungarian National Team who most recently played in Germany . It was rounded out by two Americans , Russell Canouse and Paul Arriola , both young players with international competition experience .
Kasper and head coach Ben Olsen both stressed their desire to compete this year , but made it clear that no matter the time frame , the message was clear .
“ Does it heighten expectations ? ” asked Olsen . “ Yeah , hopefully . And it 's time for that . ”
The 22-year-old Arriola is coming off a strong performance with the U.S. Men 's National Team at the Gold Cup , where they appeared in four games en route to the American victory .
“ It was what I was looking for , ” they said of the opportunity in D.C. “ The only thing you can ask for as a human is to search for happiness . And I think in the end , this was a spot that I felt comfortable with , and that coming here I 'd be happy . ”
Canouse , also 22 , already has strong ties to the club . They went to high school with United goalkeeper Travis Worra and has been playing on national teams with Arriola since they were adolescents .
“ We kind of went through the whole cycle together , have stayed friends , stayed in contact the whole way through , ” Cannouse said . “ As soon as I heard ( Arriola ) was coming , it was pretty special , I got pretty excited . ”
While Cannouse grew up in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , they were a D.C. United fan as a kid , traveling to games with their father at RFK Stadium . That made this decision easy .
“ The new stadium coming in , the development of the club , I wanted to be a part of it , ” they said .
Saturday night 's game against Real Salt Lake featured the debut of Arriola and they immediately established themselves as one of the very best players on the field . But the torrential rains put a hold on the game in the 28th minute , forcing it to be resumed Sunday evening .
By the time D.C. United players woke up Sunday morning , a playoff spot was a full 16 points away , with Columbus earning a 3-1 home win over Chicago the previous night .
With just 11 games remaining , a win seemed necessary not only for morale , but for the simple playoff math .
Already playing without Ian Harkes ( ankle ) and Taylor Kemp ( hip ) , United saw striker Deshorn Brown take a shot to the head in the opening minutes after resuming play , leaving to be evaluated for a concussion . The club put forth a good effort to end the first 45 minutes , but could n't capitalize on any of the few chances created .
Then , more of the same . Rather than try to clear a threat from the middle of the box , Marcelo Sarvas gave up an awful goal trying to pass out of the back , handing the ball to Luis Silva at the top of the box . They powered it past a helpless Bill Hamid , and that was that .
Miranda made their debut as a sub in the 72nd minute , but neither Canouse nor Stieber played . United did n't generate many chances late and fell 1-0 , the 14th time they 've been held without a goal this season .
As much as the club may want to try to continue to push forward this year , the hole they 've dug simply appears too deep to climb , the obstacles too many to hurdle . But there 's reason to be hopeful moving forward , and that the stretch run will give the new team a chance to grow together heading into next year .
“ We 're very excited about what we have in the locker room — we 've got some great pieces here , ” said Kasper . “ And we 're very excited about what this injection of talent and energy will do for our organization moving forward . ”
It was an infusion of talent , yes , but of young talent .
Other than Stieber , 28 , everyone else is 22 or younger . They come from three different countries of professional soccer , each of which differs from MLS in various ways . That will undoubtedly mean growing pains — but better to get as much of that out of the way in the final 10 games of this season than in the brutal opening stretch of a dozen straight road contests before Audi Field opens next year .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
MONDAY , March 19 , 2018 ( HealthDay News ) -- You might think that glass of wine or beer helps you relax at the end of a long day , but researchers report that it actually makes your heart race .
And the more you drink , the faster your heart beats .
To come to that conclusion , German doctors monitored the alcohol consumption and heart rates of more than 3,000 people ( average age : 35 ) at the 2015 Oktoberfest in Munich .
Participants were given electrocardiograms and breath alcohol tests . Higher breath alcohol concentrations were associated with more than 100 heartbeats per minute , according to the study .
The researchers said they now want to find out if the increase in heart rate from drinking increases the long-term risk of heart rhythm disorders called arrhythmias .
The study was presented Sunday at a European Society of Cardiology ( ESC ) meeting , in Barcelona , Spain .
`` We can not yet conclude that a higher heart rate induced by alcohol is harmful , '' said study co-author Dr. Moritz Sinner , a cardiologist at University Hospital in Munich .
`` But people with heart conditions already have a higher heart rate , which in many cases triggers arrhythmias , including atrial fibrillation , '' they said in an ESC news release . `` So it is plausible that the higher heart rate following alcohol consumption could lead to arrhythmias . ''
`` Most people in our study were young and healthy . If we conducted the same study in older people or heart patients , we might have found an association between drinking alcohol and arrhythmias , '' Sinner noted .
Alcohol may create an imbalance between the sympathetic ( fight or flight ) and parasympathetic ( rest and digest ) nervous systems , according to the researchers , and they are now investigating how this might occur .
Research presented at meetings is considered preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal .
More information
The American Heart Association has more on alcohol and heart health .
-- Robert Preidt SOURCE : European Society of Cardiology , news release , March 18 , 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay . All rights reserved .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
What impact will the Trump administration have on feds ? Read the latest in our First 100 Days section .
BASEBALL
DENVER ( AP ) — Chad Bettis drew a standing ovation when they took the mound for the first time since cancer treatment , then threw seven impressive innings Monday night as the Colorado Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 3-0 .
Bettis scattered six hits , walked none and struck out two . They had n't pitched in the majors since being diagnosed with testicular cancer in November .
Bettis had surgery for the condition , but tests in March showed the cancer had spread to their lymph nodes . They later underwent chemotherapy .
The crowd at Coors Field gave Bettis a big cheer as they went out to pitch the first inning . The Braves ' best chance to score against them came when Ender Inciarte led off with a triple , but they were thrown out trying to stretch it to an inside-the-park home run .
The 28-year-old Bettis led Colorado in starts ( 32 ) , wins ( 14 ) and innings ( 186 ) last season . They left for a pinch-hitter in the seventh with the game still scoreless .
MIAMI ( AP ) — Given Giancarlo Stanton 's recent home run binge , Derek Jeter may decide baseball 's biggest contract is a bargain .
Stanton signed a record $ 325 million , 13-year deal in 2014 with the Miami Marlins , and they still owe them about $ 300 million — an eye-popping number even to a former All-Star shortstop for the New York Yankees .
Jeter 's investment group agreed last week to buy the Marlins from Jeffrey Loria , and given the franchise 's history of low revenue and attendance , there 's already speculation the incoming regime may deem Stanton unaffordable .
But lately , they look like a keeper at any price . Stanton 's knack for moonshots has long made them the sport 's most prodigious slugger , and now he 's also the most prolific .
They homered against the San Francisco Giants in the first inning Monday night to increase their season total to 43 , most in the majors and a franchise record . They have homered in their past five games , another team record , and in 22 of their past 34 .
They would finish the season with 72 homers — one shy of Barry Bonds ' 2001 record — if they continue their pace of the past five weeks .
COLLEGE BASKETBALL
Top high school prospect Marvin Bagley III has committed to Duke and is eligible to play in the 2017-18 season , immediately making the Blue Devils a top national-title contender .
Bagley made their announcement on ESPN 's SportsCenter .
The 6-foot-11 Bagley is widely considered the top recruit of the 2018 recruiting class , but last month petitioned the NCAA to reclassify and become college eligible for the upcoming season .
Bagley went on campus visits in July to Duke and USC , with UCLA also in the mix .
Bagley started their high school career at Tempe Corona del Sol High School and ended up at Southern California 's Chatsworth Sierra Canyon High School .
The long , athletic big man will likely be in the mix to be the No . 1 overall pick in the NBA draft whenever they decide to leave college .
FAYETTEVILLE , Ark . ( AP ) — Frank Broyles , who guided the University of Arkansas to its lone national football championship and later molded the overall program as its athletic director , died Monday at the age of 92 .
Broyles died from complications of Alzheimer 's disease , according to a statement from their family . “ He passed peacefully in their home surrounded by their loved ones , ” the statement said .
Broyles won almost 71 percent of their games as head football coach with the Razorbacks for 19 years . They became the school 's athletic director in 1974 while still the football coach , eventually retiring from the gridiron to focus on administrative duties following the 1976 season .
As athletic director , Broyles led an overhaul and upgrade of Arkansas ' facilities — as well as leading the school in its move to the Southeastern Conference .
PRO FOOTBALL
SANTA CLARA , Calif. ( AP ) — The San Francisco 49ers made a big-time acquisition at wide receiver — at least for one practice .
Hall of Famer Jerry Rice put on the cleats and took part in practice with the 49ers , running patterns and doing stretches in individual drills , dishing out tips to young receivers and even shadowing the wideouts during team drills .
Rice has plenty of knowledge from a 20-year career that featured NFL records with 1,549 catches , 22,895 yards receiving , 208 total touchdowns and three Super Bowl titles .
They even showed they still have some moves at age 54 , nearly 13 years removed from their final game , with the way they ran patterns during individual drills .
The 49ers are making a more concerted effort this season to highlight their rich history and bring former players back into the fold under new general manager John Lynch and coach Kyle Shanahan , whose father Mike was a offensive coordinator when Steve Young and Rice helped the team win the Super Bowl following the 1994 season .
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. ( AP ) — After a miserable end to the 2016 season and the brouhaha about their desire to be the NFL 's highest-paid player , Odell Beckham Jr. is having a great time at training camp with the New York Giants .
The 24-year-old wide receiver , social rock star and fan favorite is putting on a show every time they step on the field .
The entertainment this week has been either a couple of one-handed catches , dancing to the music between segments of practice or playing up to the fans running down the sideline after a catch .
Their smile is as bright as their gold cleats and their mood reflects that . Walking in the team 's indoor field house after practice , Beckham leap-frogged a stunned reporter , jumped over an upside-down garbage can and then turned to safety Landon Collins and quipped ‘ that something was you , ' referring to the can .
Entering their fourth season , Beckham said they are very comfortable in coach Ben McAdoo 's offense .
TENNIS
MASON , Ohio ( AP ) — Wimbledon champion Roger Federer withdrew from the Western & Southern Open on Monday because of a back injury . They have won the Masters series tournament seven times .
The move was announced on the first full day of matches . This U.S. Open warmup has now lost five of the top six players in the men 's rankings .
Federer , a 19-time major champion , said in a statement they “ tweaked ” their back last week at the Rogers Cup in Montreal , where they lost Sunday 's final to Alexander Zverev .
The Swiss star , ranked No . 3 , is sidelined along with No . 1 Andy Murray , No . 4 Stan Wawrinka , No . 5 Novak Djokovic and No . 6 Marin Cilic , the defending champion . Only No . 2 Rafael Nadal , the top-seeded player , remains in the draw .
SOCCER
BARCELONA , Spain ( AP ) — Cristiano Ronaldo lost their cool , and now Real Madrid has lost its main man for five matches at the start of the Spanish season .
Ronaldo was banned for five games on Monday after shoving a referee who sent them off for diving in Madrid 's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the Spanish Super Cup .
Ronaldo was suspended for one game for the red card in Sunday 's Super Cup first leg at Barcelona , and four games for pushing referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back , the Spanish football federation said .
Ronaldo will miss Wednesday 's return leg of the Super Cup in Madrid plus the first four matches of Real Madrid 's league title defense . Zinedine Zidane 's Madrid opens the league on Sunday at Deportivo La Coruna . Its next three matches after that are against Valencia , promoted Levante , and at Real Sociedad .
Ronaldo and Madrid have 10 days to appeal the federation 's ruling .
Still regaining peak fitness after an extended summer vacation , Ronaldo began the Super Cup match on the bench , and came on in the 58th minute .
They scored with a long-range strike to put Madrid 2-1 up in the 80th minute , moments after Lionel Messi had equalized for Barcelona from the penalty spot .
But Ronaldo 's goal celebration — when they took their shirt off and flexed their muscles — earned them a yellow card .
Two minutes later , they charged into the area and collided with Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti . Ronaldo went down hoping for a penalty . Instead , referee De Burgos showed them a second yellow for diving and sent them off .
Ronaldo raised their arms in disbelief , then stepped up to De Burgos and shoved them in the back with their right hand .
GOLF
ATLANTA ( AP ) — The Georgia company that owns Augusta National Golf Club and the Masters golf tournament on Monday asked a judge to stop a golf memorabilia company from auctioning off a Masters champion 's green jacket and other items it says were never supposed to have left the club 's grounds .
Augusta National Inc. filed the federal lawsuit against Florida-based Green Jacket Auctions Inc. seeking to stop the company from selling a champion 's green jacket and two member green jackets , as well as silverware and a belt buckle bearing Augusta National 's map and flag logo .
The champion 's green jacket is awarded each year to the winner of the Masters tournament , “ and is , probably , the most coveted award in the golfing world , ” the lawsuit says .
The jacket may not be removed from the Augusta National grounds except during the first year after it is presented , according to the lawsuit . After that first year , the jacket must be stored on Augusta National premises and can only be used on the grounds and during the annual tournament . Augusta National said it owns the jackets , and the champions have “ possessory rights ” when they 're on Augusta National grounds .
The same rules apply to the member green jackets , except they may never leave Augusta National grounds , the lawsuit says . Each jacket is marked for identification and authenticity .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
In this Feb. 14 , 2018 photo , people hold signs protesting President Donald Trump 's plan to allow offshore oil and gas drilling along most of the nation 's coastline at a hearing Hamilton , N.J . Some coastal states including New Jersey that oppose President Donald Trump 's plan to allow offshore drilling in deeper federal waters along most of the nation 's coastline are using state-level laws to try to make it difficult or impossible to conduct drilling in their areas by banning pipelines or other drilling infrastructure in state waters .
ATLANTIC CITY , N.J. ( AP ) - Some coastal states opposed to President Donald Trump 's plan to allow oil and gas drilling off most of the nation 's coastline are fighting back with proposed state laws designed to thwart the proposal .
The drilling Trump proposes would take place in federal waters offshore in an area called the Outer Continental Shelf . But states control the 3 miles of ocean closest to shore and are proposing laws designed to make it difficult , or impossible , to bring the oil or gas ashore in their areas .
A look at the issue :
___
WHAT STATES ARE DOING
States including New Jersey , New York , California , South Carolina and Rhode Island have introduced bills prohibiting any infrastructure related to offshore oil or gas production from being built in or crossing their state waters . Washington state is threatening such a bill . Maryland has introduced a bill imposing strict liability on anyone who causes a spill while engaged in offshore drilling or oil or gas extraction .
`` We started thinking about how we control the first three miles of ocean , and there are state rights that we have , '' said New Jersey state Sen. Jeff Van Drew , a Democrat who represents the state 's southern coast . `` Even if we do n't succeed in banning it outright , we can still make it a lot more expensive to do it in this area . It 's a back-door , ingenious way to block this . ''
California Democratic state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson said a ban on pipelines and docks could force the industry to rely on ships that would then have to sail to the waters of a different state to bring their cargo ashore . `` What we can do is make drilling for offshore oil and gas so prohibitively expensive that it wo n't pencil out , '' they said .
___
ANY PRECEDENT ?
In 1985 , voters in Santa Cruz , California , required that any zoning changes to accommodate onshore facilities for offshore oil exploration or production must be approved by a vote of the electorate , one of 26 similar ordinances that were adopted in California . An oil and gas industry association unsuccessfully sued 13 of the communities , claiming they were interfering with lawful interstate commerce .
___
OIL INDUSTRY , US RESPONSE
Andy Radford , a senior policy adviser with the American Petroleum Institute , said it has been 30 years since the last detailed analysis of potential offshore oil and gas supplies . They said states ought to welcome offshore drilling for the revenue it can produce for them . Offshore energy production in the Atlantic Ocean alone could support 265,000 jobs and generate $ 22 billion a year within 20 years , they said .
`` We should take that step forward to advance our energy future , '' they said . `` Local communities and workers benefit from energy exploration and production , in addition to these investments generating significant state revenues to fund schools , hospitals and other public services . ''
Connie Gillette , a spokesperson for the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , said `` the laws , goals , and policies '' of a state adjacent to the Outer Continental Shelf are among the factors the federal government must consider in approving oil and gas leases .
___
CONFLICTED IN SOUTH CAROLINA
In May 2017 , eight months before Trump proposed the nearly nationwide expansion of offshore drilling , a South Carolina legislator introduced a bill to prohibit oil drilling infrastructure in state waters . The bill remains in committee .
South Carolina 's House and Senate both introduced a resolution expressing support for drilling off their state 's coast and criticizing Republican Gov . Henry McMaster 's request to be exempted from the plan , saying the request is `` tantamount to the state exercising excessive control of South Carolina 's free market . ''
___
Follow Wayne Parry at http : //twitter.com/WayneParryAC
The Indiana Arts Commission and the Department of Natural Resources have teamed up to produce Arts in the Parks projects , bringing arts activities to the state parks , state historic sites , and state recreation areas .
Nashville oil painter , Charlene Marsh , will be demonstrating their plein air , palette knife painting techniques at two state properties this summer . The accomplished plein air painter will be working , on location , at the swimming beaches , capturing the energy , spirit , and excitement of the swimmers and the natural environment .
This year , Marsh has added a “ hands on ” component to give visitors a chance to try painting themselves . Supports , paint , palette knives , and brushes will be available . Non-toxic , washable , tempera paints suitable for children to use will be provided .
On Saturday , July 14 , they will be painting , demonstrating , taking questions , and guiding budding painters at the Starve Hollow State Recreation Area swimming beach near Vallonia from noon to 3 p.m .
On Saturday , July 21 , they will be painting , demonstrating , taking questions , and guiding aspiring painters at the Monroe Lake Paynetown State Recreation Area at the Visitors Center patio overlooking the beach , 4850 S. State Road 446 , Bloomington , Indiana , from noon to 3 p.m .
Both events are rain or shine .
JERSEY CITY , N.J. ( AP ) - A former New Jersey church pastor who fled the country after they were convicted of sexually assaulting a teenage boy has been sentenced to more time behind bars .
Gregorio Martinez received a five-year prison term Monday for bail jumping . They will start serving the term once they complete a four-year sentence they got last July for the sex assault .
Martinez is native of the Dominican Republic and once was a Pentecostal preacher . They were convicted in February 2015 of molesting a 13-year-old boy they knew through a North Bergen church . Martinez fled and remained at large until they were apprehended in Honduras in August 2016 .
Authorities had been searching for them since they failed to appear at a pre-sentencing hearing .
Martinez still faces charges stemming from the alleged sexual assaults of three other males .
Villagers carried the body of Abid Hamid Mir , as their aunt embraced him , during their funeral in Hajin , north of Srinagar , in Indian-controlled Kashmir . Thousands of people attended the funerals of three suspected rebels killed in a gunbattle with government forces in the disputed region .
In other images from the Asia-Pacific region last week , North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho was greeted by their Chinese counterpart Wang Yi on the sidelines of the Southeast Asian foreign ministers meeting in Manila , Philippines . Bolstered by new U.N. sanctions , the United States and North Korea 's neighbors joined in a fresh attempt to isolate Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programs , in a global campaign cheered by President Donald Trump .
A family relaxed on the beach in Tumon , Guam , as North Korea threatened to fire a volley of missiles toward the major U.S. military hub and home to 160,000 American civilians .
Lee Jae-yong , vice chairperson of Samsung Electronics Co. , arrived for their trial in Seoul , South Korea . Prosecutors asked the court to convict the billionaire Samsung heir of bribery and other crimes and sentence them to 12 years in prison .
___
This gallery was curated by Associated Press photo editor Wally Santana in Bangkok .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
SWIFTER PRODUCTION and distribution of vehicle license plates is expected as the Department of Transportation ( DoTr ) and the Land Transportation Office ( LTO ) inaugurated on Tuesday , April 24 , a government-owned plate-making plant at the LTO Central Office in Quezon City . The plant houses seven manual embossing machines that were delivered in Feb . These machines can produce up to 22,000 plates a day , and is expected to address the backlog from July 2016 . “ The LTO had a lot on its plate when we took over . There was a huge backlog in license cards , while the court stopped the distribution of plates , ” Transportation Secretary Arthur P. Tugade said in a statement . An automated embossing machine is also scheduled to be delivered in July , which will be operational by Aug . The machines were supplied by a joint venture between Trojan Computer Forms Manufacturing Corporation and JH . Tonnjes E.A.S.T . GmbH , through a contract with the local government . — Denise A. Valdez
Lee specifically opposed a section of the amendment that appropriates $ 250 million to coordinate aid and counter cyberattacks in a handful of countries `` vulnerable to influence . ''
The other senator voting no , Republican Rand Paul of Kentucky , told The Washington Examiner that they do n't favor any new measures against Iran or Russia . The sanctions that passed Wednesday , they added , are inadequate , like `` tweaking their nose . ''
Still , the measure passed 97-2 . Democratic Sen. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland did not vote .
The Russia amendment include provisions to limit transactions and exports , put into law existing punishments laid out by the Obama administration and condemn the country 's interventions in Ukraine and Syria .
Democrats pressed for and succeeded in adding a measure that would restrict President Donald Trump — whose administration has been entangled in investigations into ties to Russian officials — from lifting the sanctions unless approved by Congress .
Many GOP senators applauded the measure as a way to penalize Russia for attacking American democracy .
`` It 's been eight months since Russia attacked our election , yet the Kremlin has only received a slap on the wrist , '' said Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. `` It 's past time Russia pays a price for its brazen actions . ''
Closing two compounds and sanctioning a few individuals and spies as then-President Barack Obama did , they said , has not been enough .
Though there 's little dispute over Russia 's interference in the election , questions remain over the purpose and extent of the meddling . U.S. intelligence reports have concluded that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a cyberattack with the intention of boosting Trump 's chance to win .
The entire sanctions bill will likely pass the Senate by the end of the week ; it 's unclear whether or when the House would hear it .
ctanner @ sltrib.com
Twitter : @ CourtneyLTanner
Footage shows moment cyclist almost kills woman The West Australian
WATCH : CCTV footage has shown the moment a cyclist almost killed a 23-year-old woman in Hay St
LONDON — Anita Pallenberg , the Italian-German model and the former wife of Rolling Stones founding member Keith Richards , has died at 73 .
Them death was confirmed by Pallenberg 's close friend , actor Stella Schnabel , who shared a picture of them on Instagram with the words “ I have never met a woman quite like you Anita. ” The cause of death is unknown .
Pallenberg was best known for their effortless , bohemian style that captured the spirit of the Sixties and Seventies , when they were spending time at Andy Warhol 's Factory , modeling , and also singing backing vocals for Stones classics such as “ Sympathy for the Devil . ”
They also dabbled in acting , with roles in the science fiction film “ Barbarella ” in 1969 ; “ Mister Lonely ” in 2007 ; and a cameo appearance in the popular British sitcom “ Absolutely Fabulous ” in 2001 .
One of their most talked-about film appearances , was in the cult film “ Performance , ” where they played alongside Mick Jagger , with whom they were said to have had an affair .
Pallenberg has always been known for their rebellious spirit : They started modelling at 16 after being expelled from boarding school in Germany . They later met the Rolling Stones band members and became a muse for them after sneaking backstage after a concert in 1965 . They went on to develop a relationship with the Stones guitarist Brian Jones , whom they left two years later for Richards .
After struggling with drug abuse and ending their relationship with Richards in the early Eighties , Pallenberg studied for a fashion and textiles degree at Central St. Martins . Them influence on fashion has been ongoing : Last September they walked the runway for Pam Hogg 's show in a gold lamé dress , walking with a cane — and plenty of attitude . They also appeared in a short film by the British designer Bella Freud where they discuss “ music , fashion and free thought . ”
Freud dedicated one of their signature intarsia sweaters to Pallenberg : It shows an abstract sketch of the late model .
On Wednesday , British designer Cozette McCreery , the co-creative director of the now-defunct label Sibling and a collaborator of Freud 's , shared a playful picture of Pallenberg in a bright leopard print dress smoking in their kitchen . It was taken during a recent look book shoot for Bella Freud that took place in Pallenberg 's home .
“ Beaming beauty busy making drinks and chatting up my boyfriend , letting them take this picture in their kitchen as we snapped Bella 's look book . We 'd chat about archeology and gardening , ” wrote McCreery in their post .
Pallenberg is survived by their two children with Richards , Marlon and Angela , and their five grandchildren . Them third child with Richards died during infancy in 1976 .
Waterloo Region 's three electrical distribution companies are warning customers of a text messaging scam .
Energy+ Inc. , Kitchener-Wilmot Hydro Inc. and Waterloo North Hydro Inc. have received reports their customers have received text messages from individuals claiming to represent various local electricity distribution companies . The text informs customers they have received a refund on their account . The scam message instructs customers to follow a link to accept the refund via e-Transfer .
Local hydro officials remind customers that utilities follow the rules , laid out by the Ontario Energy Board , when it comes to notifying customers about credits and account information . Local electricity distribution companies will issue credit refunds on active accounts , but do not provide account updates to customers via text message .
The local electricity companies do not :
• Ask for credit card information over the phone or accept gift cards as acceptable forms of payment
• Ask for bank or electricity account balance information via text message , email or fax
• Send text message notifications to customers
Customers who receive a text message from a local distribution company should not click on the link in the message . Customers should also not provide any personal information , credit card account numbers or account balance information . Do not respond to any suspicious text messages and notify your local hydro utility when possible .
If you suspect you have been a victim of fraud , contact Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre 1-888-495-8501 or online at www.antifraudcentre.ca .
If you have questions about the collection process and/or your account balance , please call your local distribution company at the number listed below :
Sergey Sirotkin looks to be in prime position to complete Williams Martini Racing 's line-up for the 2018 Formula 1 season as the fairy tale of Robert Kubica returning seems not to be happening after all .
According to Autosport , Kubica 's return to Formula 1 after a six-year hiatus following a career and life-threatening injury they suffered in a rallying crash in early 2011 will not indeed come to fruition , and Williams is now set to announce Russian Sirotkin alongside Lance Stroll in 2018 .
Sirotkin , who drove for Williams alongside Kubica in the post-Abu Dhabi Grand Prix test , looks set to bring the SMP Racing name to Formula 1 , with the Boris Rotenberg-led SMP Bank set to put up to £15million of backing into the team , and coupled with the twenty-two-year-old impressing the team in the test , it appears the pipe dream of Kubica to return is over , for now .
It appears Kubica is not now even second choice , with Daniil Kvyat set to be back-up should the Sirotkin role fall-through , while Paul di Resta , who stepped into Felipe Massa 's seat at short notice for the Hungarian Grand Prix , looks also to be out of the running , as is Pascal Wehrlein and Oliver Rowland , although Williams themselves remain tight-lipped about just who will be on the grid next season .
But what now for Kubica ? Potential drives with both the Renault Sport Formula 1 Team and with Williams have now passed them by , so is there any chance the popular Pole , who was tipped to be a World Champion by many priors to their rally crash and took one victory for BMW Sauber in the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix , can make that emotional step back into the premiere single seater category in the world .
But what an opportunity it would be to multiple GP2 Series race winner Sirotkin , who appeared to be in contention for a reserve and test driver role at best prior to the test in Abu Dhabi but now looks set to become only the third Russian to race in Formula 1 after Vitaly Petrov and Kvyat .
On Sept. 27 , 2017 , Walla Walla WA ) University student Austin Nordman , left , preps the 3d printer they designed prior to a demonstration . Nordman has accepted a position with NASA .
West Coast captain Shannon Hurn and Fremantle skipper Nat Fyfe have urged their western derby debutants to embrace the hype and pressure of the week as they prepare for a record crowd at Optus Stadium .
The Dockers could have seven derby debutants on Sunday after Andrew Brayshaw , Adam Cerra , Mitch Crowden , Bailey Banfield , Taylin Duman , Brandon Matera and Nathan Wilson played against the Western Bulldogs last Saturday night .
West Coast 's team that beat Carlton included three yet to play in a derby — Jake Waterman , Willie Rioli and Tom Cole .
Hurn is a veteran of 20 derbies and was an 18-year-old playing in their second game when they confronted the Dockers for the first time . The reigning Ross Glendinning medallist said it was important to recognise that the derby is n't a normal game .
“ Do n't hide away from it but do n't live every minute of it , ” Hurn said .
“ It is there so have a bit of excitement with it . You do n't want to lock yourself away and say ‘ I do n't want anything to do with it ' . It 's exciting to play the game . It 's a great game to play in .
“ But it 's really important that the players understand what 's going on outside but know what we need to focus on as a club .
“ We need to play how we want to play . That 's playing good team football and working for each other .
Camera Icon Fremantle captain Nat Fyfe wants their players to enjoy the build-up to Sunday 's western derby . Picture : Will Russell/AFL Media
“ Yeah , the crowd is going to be different . There 'll be 60,000 people and probably 50,000 Fremantle supporters .
“ That 's outside noise but we have to focus on the things we 're trying to do . ”
Fremantle have beaten Essendon , Gold Coast and the Western Bulldogs in their three matches at the new venue . The Dockers have n't won a derby since 2015 but only one win separates the teams on the ladder this season .
Fremantle have played an attacking brand and brought youngsters into the team .
Fyfe was also 18 and playing their second game when they made their derby debut . They kicked two goals that day .
The Brownlow medallist said the Dockers wanted their players to enjoy the week .
“ I 'm sure they 'll enjoy the experience . Both clubs will do their own thing to build the game up internally , ” Fyfe said .
“ We 're hopeful our first-year players and new players to the derby will handle themselves well . ”
The NAACP will teach East Chicago , Indiana residents how to use lead testing kits this week . The training comes as residents continue to cope with lead contaminated soil and water .
The Calumet neighborhood in East Chicago is part of a federal toxic waste cleanup site contaminated with lead and arsenic . The neighborhood is also having a problem with lead leaching out of drinking water service lines .
The NAACP is partnering with Indiana State University and the Union of Concerned Scientists to teach residents how to use kits to test for lead in soil , air , and water . The NAACP 's Denise Abdul-Rahman says it will also help school-aged children cope with a legacy of lead contamination .
“ [ It will ] peak their consciousness and awareness , ” Abdul-Rahman says , and “ give them tools , and to teach them some forms of empowerment . ”
Abdul-Rahman says the training is necessary because of a systemic failure of government at all levels to protect some of Indiana 's most vulnerable residents .
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency continues to remove lead contaminated soil from the neighborhood . And the Department of Housing and Urban Development recently approved the demolition of a lead contaminated housing complex which was forcibly evacuated over the last year .
Here is today 's weather in Louth , courtesy of Met Éireann .
While it is currently bright in many parts of Louth this morning , cloud and rain is forecast for most of the day in Louth .
There will be outbreaks of rain throughout the day , with a risk of thundery downpours , especially this afternoon and evening .
Temperatures will reach 16 – 19 degrees Celsius in mostly moderate southerly winds .
Tonight , any remaining outbreaks of rain will clear eastwards , and it will become largely dry overnight under clearing skies .
A few mist and fog patches may form in the mainly light westerly breezes .
Temperatures will drop to lows of 9 to 11 degrees Celsius .
The solar UV index for today is moderate .
By The Associated Press
Dec. 31 — Regular season ends .
Jan. 6-7 — Wild-card playoffs .
Jan. 13-14 — Divisional playoffs .
Jan. 21 — Conference championships .
Feb. 4 — Super Bowl at Minneapolis .
Feb. 20 — First day for clubs to designate franchise or transition players .
Feb. 27-March 5 — NFL comine in Indianapolis .
March 6 — Deadline for clubs to designate franchise or transition players .
March 14 — 2018 league calendar begins , free agency opens , trades allowed .
March 25-28 — Annual league meeting , Orlando .
April 2 — Clubs that hired a new head coach after the end of the 2017 regular season may begin offseason workouts .
April 16 — Clubs with returning head coaches may begin offseason workout programs .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
We at BP ask it again – WHY DID Prime Minister Minnis really went to TEXAS ?
WASHINGTON — Representatives and senators who were at the Congressional Baseball Game practice in Alexandria during the shooting Wednesday morning describe a scene reminiscent of combat and say that the leadership position of one of the players may have been what saved their lives .
In interviews with various media outlets , some members of Congress described being pinned down in a dugout and behind a batting cage , while Rep. Steve Scalise , R-La. , the House majority whip , lay wounded near second base . At one point , a senator was n't sure whether the shots coming from the opposite direction were fired by the Capitol Police or whether they were surrounded by shooters .
The Republican team was taking batting practice at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park at about 7 a.m. Wednesday . Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Arizona , said that a photographer at the practice saw someone behind the third-base dugout raise a rifle . The photographer “ said they thought ‘ Why in the world is somebody bird-hunting out here at this time ? ' ” Flake said .
But the man , identified as James Hodgkinson , of Belleville , Illinois , began shooting . Flake said they had just come in from center field and was standing near home plate with Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas , “ and all of a sudden we heard … a very loud shot … then boom , rapid succession after that . ”
Rep. Chuck Fleishmann , R-Tenn. , told CNN , “ It turned out to be one shooter but I had to walk right past them when I walked past third base from left field ; they just decided not to shoot me , so I was very fortunate . ”
Flake and many members of the team ran into the third-base dugout , a cinder-block structure with a connection to the fence that offered some protection . Barton 's 10-year-old son was with them . “ We got them into the dugout and stuffed them under the bench , ” Flake said .
One mother in the area drove their kids to school and literally shoved them in the door . “ I heard police , and then I heard more police and more police. ” The school was on lockdown , they explained to WTOP 's Nick Iannelli , so “ I knew that once I got them into school they 'd be safe there . ”
“ There was a real fear when the shots were continuing on , that this gunman was going to come in the dugout , ” Fleischmann said . “ We 'd have been sitting ducks . ”
Rep. Mo Brooks , R-Ala. , told CNN that they were on the third-base side of home plate when the shooting started . “ I see the shooter , he 's probably about 80 or 90 feet away from me … and I figure out if I can see him , they can see me. ” They ran behind the first-base side of the batting cage , which had a blue plastic barrier around it and hit the dirt .
Meanwhile , several people had been hit . According to various accounts , Hodgkinson had two guns and reloaded a few times . One of the wounded made it into the dugout , while Scalise lay between first and second base , shot in the hip .
“ He was coherent the whole time , ” Flake said , “ but they laid out there for at least 10 minutes alone in the field and we could n't get to them while there were shots . ”
Flake added that the gunman eventually moved behind the backstop behind home plate — where Brooks and a few other players had been .
“ And then it occurred to me … that we were easily the next targets , ” Brooks said . “ And as it turned out , it was a wise decision for us to — we had no choice — we ran and jumped into the first base dugout . ”
As majority whip , Steve Scalise had a security detail — two Capitol Police officers . Without them , Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , “ everybody probably would have died. ” The senator told MSNBC 's “ Morning Joe , ” “ If you do n't have a leadership person there , there would have been no security there . ”
Both officers , David Bailey and Crystal Greiner , were hurt in the exchange of gunfire with Hodgkinson .
“ I started yelling back , ‘ Are you friendly ? ' ” Flake said , “ … because we did n't know if there were other shooters that had us surrounded and would come into the dugout so we did n't know whether to run or not . As soon as we found out we had a friendly behind us , then we stayed and tried to keep down . ”
It took about several minutes for the Capitol Police and the Alexandria police to take Hodgkinson down , but for the people hiding from the shots it seemed to take forever . In the meantime , Scalise was still lying wounded on the field .
“ He 'd dragged themselves after they are shot , from near second base about 10 or 15 yards into the field . … But they were laying motionless out there . So finally when we heard that the shooter was down , I just ran low out to Steve and started putting pressure on the wound for about 10 or 15 minutes until the medics arrived . ”
Rep. Brad Wenstrup , R-Ohio , a former Army surgeon , went out with Flake to Scalise , they said . “ Steve was conscious and OK , ” Wenstrup said .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
LUSAKA , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Glencore 's Zambian Mopani Copper Mines unit suspended operations in certain areas on Saturday after the Copperbelt Energy Corporation ( CEC ) restricted power supply to its sites in both the Kitwe and Mufulira regions .
`` In the interest of safety , Mopani has with immediate effect suspended operations in certain areas , and all our miners who were underground at the time of restricting power supply , have successfully returned to the surface , '' the copper producer said in a statement . ( Reporting by Chris Mfula ; Writing by Nqobile Dludla ; Editing by Alison Williams )
Brazil football star Neymar caused outrage on social media after they rolled on the pitch after encountering a rival during their team 's 2-0 win over Mexico at the 2018 FIFA World Cup .
Eurosport has published a video of French football icon Eric Cantona mocking Brazil star Neymar 's theatrical performance during the match .
In the video , Cantona puts a yellow suitcase onto a table and calls it Neymar , describing the footballer as `` a great player and a great actor . ''
`` If you are hit in the right shoulder , you ca n't be crying in pain holding your left cheek , '' said Cantona .
Twitter netizens were quick to react to the footage , with some of them making sarcastic remarks on Neymar .
That 's exactly what they do . Why do they grab the wrong place when he 's hurt on the opposite area . I love when he 's hurt , rolling , on the leg he 's going to kick with -- then 10 seconds later he 's delivering the penalty kick or running on the field . pic.twitter.com/Nmx4LfluJJ — Medusa Negrita 🇭🇹 ( @ ziconut ) 3 июля 2018 г .
“ I called it , Neymar ” 😆😂
Cantona , going IN for him… AGAIN ! pic.twitter.com/zNZ0G5AKbI — The Editor ( @ FPLEditor ) 1 июля 2018 г .
They need protections like this😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/r7Xiz9mVp5 — Mario tolotelli ( @ MTolotelli ) 2 июля 2018 г .
That analysis of Cantona about Neymar 's theatrics got me 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 — Keep It KANE ( @ Official_nuti ) 4 июля 2018 г .
Cantona really just took the mick out of Neymar 😂😭😭😭😭 pic.twitter.com/FhsJZrDjag — 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🇵🇹 ( @ IconicCristiano ) 1 июля 2018 г .
I grew up in a era of Vinnie Jones and Neil Ruddock and Eric Cantona drop kicking bods and the older and bolder grew up with even more legends of the game now the modern generation have crap like Neymar and this wanky VAR bollocks # worldcup # Fifa — Samuel Wells ( @ samuelwells0608 ) 3 июля 2018 г .
Well…Cantona .. was right…honestly Neymar ca n't be rolling around like that…lmao — All For United🔴 ( @ allforunited ) 2 июля 2018 г .
Earlier this week , Brazil made it to the World Cup 's quarterfinals by eliminating Mexico 2-0 in a match that saw Neymar rolling around on the pitch after a Mexican footballer stood on the Brazilian 's ankle . Neymar has repeatedly been criticized on social media over their theatrics .
Salah , Dzeko , Ronaldo and Lewandowski will all be chasing a place in the final on 26 May .
Salah , Dzeko , Ronaldo and Lewandowski will all be chasing a place in the final on 26 May .
FOUR TEAMS LEFT in the hunt chasing the two final places on offer over the next eight days .
Liverpool , Roma , Real Madrid and Bayern Munich are all aiming to reach the 2018 Champions League final with the semi-final first legs taking place tonight in Anfield and tomorrow night at the Allianz Arena before next week 's return legs at the Stadio Olimpico and Santiago Bernabéu .
Real Madrid are chasing a third successive final appearance and are bidding this season for a fourth title in five seasons . Bayern Munich 's most recent final outing came in 2013 when they defeated Borussia Dortmund in Wembley .
In Liverpool 's case , you have to go back to 2007 in Athens when they lost to AC Milan for their last final appearance while for Roma it 's been 34 years since they featured in the European Cup decider with a defeat to Liverpool in Rome .
But we want to know who do you think will be the contestants for this year 's final ?
Let us know what you reckon the pairing will be in Kiev on 26 May .
Still having a difficult time letting go of the fear and anger that you feel toward a certain slow-cooker after watching last week 's episode of This Is Us ? Milo Ventimiglia would like to tell you something .
It 's been a rather trying time for Crock-Pot : The brand has been attempting to assuage fans ' fears after a faulty slow-cooker given to Jack ( Ventimiglia ) by a friendly neighbor in last week 's episode fritzed out and sparked a massive fire , one that presumably will take their life in Sunday 's post-Super Bowl installment . The fuss was big enough for series creator Dan Fogelman to send out a tweet to “ remind everyone that it was a 20-year-old fictional Crock-Pot with an already funky switch , ” so “ let 's not just lump all those lovely hardworking Crock-Pots together . ”
To see what Ventimiglia had to say about Jack 's death , click here . To read clues about the Super Bowl episode from the show 's creator , head here .
But now the star of the NBC drama — yes , the one who should have the most beef with Crock-Pot — is pitching in on the damage control front , appearing in a new warm-feely promo for the episode that appears to be a call for unity in our politically fractured country but doubles as something else .
Ventimiglia tells the camera that the big game is a great time to gather with friends and family , but it 's not as easy as it used to be to find common ground , given our divided country . The actor then advises that we “ take a deep breath and find the ability to forgive , and remind ourselves , there 's no difference so great that we ca n't overcome it. ” And then they ladle some chili out of… a Crock-Pot . The hashtag : # CrockPotIsInnocent .
Did Ventimiglia solve the Crock-Pot crisis in less than 60 seconds ? You decide by watching the ad above .
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women .
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services , the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection .
`` This provides an exemption , and it 's a limited one , '' said Roger Severino , director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights . `` We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination . ''
They said they expect that most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women . The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately .
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption , leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket .
`` It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees , '' says Dania Palanker , a professor at Georgetown University 's Center on Health Insurance Reform .
The change fulfills a promise President Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden . The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement .
The Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare , requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care . After the law passed , HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services and birth control , including `` all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods , sterilization procedures , and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity . ''
But the policy was controversial from the start .
Several companies and religious groups sued , saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom .
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches and allowed other `` religious employers '' to opt out by notifying the government . When they did so , the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly , without the employers ' involvement .
But the Little Sisters of the Poor were n't happy with that workaround and sued .
The group 's case , and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores , which has 32,000 employees , went to the Supreme Court .
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014 , saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds . And then , last year , the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case , saying the government should n't fine the nuns but ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs .
Before a deal was reached , Trump became president .
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May , they told the Little Sisters of the Poor that they planned to change the rules . `` Your long ordeal will soon be over , '' they promised .
Under the new rule , women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround . A Hobby Lobby spokesperson said the company would have no comment on Friday , and the Little Sisters of the Poor did n't respond to NPR 's emails seeking comment .
Hobby Lobby 's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013 , `` Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families . ''
HHS officials said they do n't expect many companies to seek waivers . They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those about 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued .
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger . There are a lot of large private companies , they say , whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government .
`` A lot of women will retain birth control coverage , '' Palanker says , `` but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage . ''
That means they 'll find themselves paying out of pocket . A one-month supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $ 4 to $ 55 or more , according to GoodRX.com .
Longer-acting contraception , like an intrauterine device , can cost more than $ 1,000 , says Sarah Lipton-Lubet , a vice president at the National Partnership for Women and Families . They say the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women .
`` Women should n't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers ' religious beliefs , '' they say . `` We all have the right to our religious beliefs . But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate . ''
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion . The agency will issue guidelines for insurers Friday on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $ 12 a year more for such a policy , and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions .
The Trump administration 's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB Boston 22 5 .815 — Toronto 16 7 .696 4 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8 New York 12 13 .480 9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11 Southeast Division W L Pct GB Washington 14 12 .538 — Miami 12 13 .480 1½ Orlando 11 17 .393 4 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ Central Division W L Pct GB Cleveland 19 8 .704 — Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 Indiana 15 11 .577 3½ Detroit 14 11 .560 4 Chicago 5 20 .200 13 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 19 .269 14 Northwest Division W L Pct GB Minnesota 15 11 .577 — Denver 14 11 .560 ½ Portland 13 12 .520 1½ Utah 13 14 .481 2½ Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 2½ Pacific Division W L Pct GB Golden State 21 6 .778 — L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ Sacramento 8 17 .320 12 Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½
___
Saturday 's Games
L.A. Clippers 113 , Washington 112
Miami 101 , Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110 , Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117 , Orlando 110
Chicago 104 , New York 102
Cleveland 105 , Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117 , Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102 , Memphis 101 , OT
San Antonio 104 , Phoenix 101
Houston 124 , Portland 117
Sunday 's Games
Toronto at Sacramento , 3:30 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 4 p.m .
Denver at Indiana , 5 p.m .
Dallas at Minnesota , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Orleans , 7 p.m .
Atlanta at New York , 7:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Boston at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Charlotte at Oklahoma City , 8 p.m .
Miami at Memphis , 8 p.m .
New Orleans at Houston , 8 p.m .
Portland at Golden State , 10:30 p.m .
Toronto at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Denver at Detroit , 7 p.m .
L.A. Lakers at New York , 7 p.m .
Washington at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
San Antonio at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Philadelphia at Minnesota , 9:30 p.m .
Phoenix at Sacramento , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Memphis at Washington , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma City at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Denver at Boston , 7:30 p.m .
Portland at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Milwaukee at New Orleans , 8 p.m .
Utah at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Toronto at Phoenix , 9 p.m .
Charlotte at Houston , 9:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
× Mom celebrates Christmas with teen who received their late son 's heart
PITTSBURGH , Pa. — A Georgia woman spent Christmas with the teenager who received their late son 's heart .
Janece Risty , 41 , lost their 16-year-old son , Tyler , two years ago after they suddenly passed away from a massive brain hemorrhage , according to PEOPLE . After they died , Risty decided to donate their organs .
Tyler 's organs , bone and tissue were donated to 23 people across the United States , but the recipient of their heart was 19-year-old Lance Frye .
Mom spends holidays with late son 's heart recipient https : //t.co/AdgqmWI1vM pic.twitter.com/SWUWOcmAlz — People Magazine ( @ people ) December 30 , 2016
On Christmas Day , Frye 's family traveled to Georgia to spend time with Risty and their family .
The two families have spent the last few days walking around Risty 's hometown and getting to know each other .
“ It 's been a really beautiful experience , ” Risty said . “ It 's emotional seeing Lance , but I feel a lot of joy knowing we helped them and that Tyler saved their lives . ”
Different types of surgery may be used to handle early stage colon cancer
Southlake , TX , June 1 , 2018 – Colon cancer is the third most common cancer affecting both men and women . Like with every other cancer , some individuals are at a higher risk of developing this particular type of cancer compared to other people . Regular screening leads to early detection . Early detection and diagnosis is always great because colon cancer caught in the early stages can actually be cured . After diagnosis the necessary tests required to determine the stage the cancer is are performed and from the results the doctor will determine the best treatment method.Colon cancer can be classified in four different stages depending on how far it has spread .
“ Treatment can be in the form of surgery , radiation therapy , or chemotherapy . Early stage cancer is almost always approached with surgery , ” says Dr. Mackey .
Where cancer is in its early stages and the tumor is relatively small , the doctor may suggest minimally invasive surgery to remove it . The procedure could be of different types depending on how the tumor presents . These include :
• Removing polyps during a colonoscopy – A colonoscopy is a procedure in which a doctor inserts a long , slender and flexible tube with a camera at the end into the rectum and colon . It is meant to view the said areas and check for any abnormal tissue . If a biopsy ( tissue sample ) shows that the cancer is small , located inside a polyp and still in the early stages , the doctor can completely remove it during a colonoscopy .
• Endoscopic mucosal resection – This procedure is used when the polyps are larger . It comprises the removal of a small part of the colon or rectum lining .
• Minimally invasive surgery – This is used if the polyps can not be removed during a colonoscopy . The surgeon makes small incisions in the abdominal wall , inserts surgical instruments that have cameras attached to them . The cameras transmit images onto a screen to guide the surgeon during the procedure .
“ Whichever treatment combination the doctor uses will be dependent on the results of the tests , ” adds Dr. Mackey .
About Southlake Oncology http : //www.southlakeoncology.com/
Southlake Oncology , located in the Southlake and Grapevine area is a community-focused oncology practice that delivers exceptional care to North Texas cancer patients with a variety of cancer diagnoses and blood disorders . Like the other Choice Cancer Care facilities , we are an independent treatment center that is physician-owned .
× Rare White Moose Filmed in Sweden
VARMLAND , Sweden — A rare white moose captured on film in Sweden has people around the world mesmerized .
Rare white moose spotted in Sweden pic.twitter.com/jwPayHmzmC — BBC News ( World ) ( @ BBCWorld ) August 13 , 2017
According to the BBC , there are only about 100 of the white moose in the country .
“ The moose are n't albino , but grow white fur from a genetic mutation , ” the BBC reported .
Albino animals are pure white with pink or red eyes .
People on Twitter said it looked like a creature out of a mythical tale like “ Game of Thrones ” or “ Lord of the Rings . ”
“ The Night King spotted on their way to Vasteras in central Sweden . Winter is here , ” Sebastian Larsson wrote .
It 's so majestic and big ! I can see Gandalf the White or Galadrial from LOTR riding it . It must 've been adorable as a baby moose😍😍😍 https : //t.co/SIekb9Gij8 — Moe Irwin ( @ Moe_Irwin ) August 13 , 2017
“ It 's the deer god from Princess Mononoke , ” another person commented .
With all the craziness we have in the world right now , it 's a nice reminder that there are still things calm and majestic . https : //t.co/FsOA4XTJ6M — Christina Mullins ( @ HRBabe ) August 13 , 2017
It 's not known whether the twin white calves are albino or piebald moose , which are white with a few small brown specks .
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to gunman in the mass shooting at a Las Vegas country music festival is being charged for illegally manufacturing armor-piercing bullets .
Douglas Haig , who had been called a person of interest in the investigation , faces a charge of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition while not being licensed to do so . According to a criminal complaint filed Friday , unfired bullets found in shooter Stephen Paddock 's hotel room had Haig 's fingerprints .
READ THE COMPLAINT HERE
Haig said in a press conference Friday that Paddock did n't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes . Later Friday , they appeared in federal court in shackles with their lawyer , Marc Victor . The judge ordered them to surrender their passport , guns , ammunition and tools used to manufacture ammunition .
They appeared this afternoon before U.S. District Court Magistrate Judge Michelle H. Burns and was released on a bond with conditions pending a status conference regarding scheduling of a preliminary hearing on Feb. 15 in Phoenix .
If convicted , they face the statutory maximum penalty of five years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine , or both .
Haig met Paddock for the first time at a gun show in Las Vegas on Aug. 27 when Paddock purchased several packages of ammunition . Paddock then met Haig again at a Phoenix gun show on Sept. 9 .
According to the criminal complaint , Paddock had tried to buy bulk ammunition at the show , but the transaction could not be completed because the show was closing for the day . Haig and Paddock exchanged numbers and agreed to coordinator Paddock 's future purchase of ammunition . The complaint states that Haig spoke to Paddock on Sept. 19 and provided them directions to their Mesa , Arizona , residence , where the sale was later completed .
The ammunition was put in an Amazon box that was later found in Paddock 's room at Mandalay Bay hotel-casino after the shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival .
While Haig does not have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition , they had a website where they sold specialized military ammunition , including armor piercing ammo , according to the criminal complaint . The website was later taken down .
In addition , armor-piercing ammunition was found during a search of Haig 's Mesa residence .
Business records showed that Haig sold armor piercing ammunition throughout the U.S. , including Nevada , Texas , Virginia , Wyoming , and South Carolina .
Kaabil actor Hrithik Roshan on Thursday chose to break their silence on their ongoing feud with Simran actor Kangana Ranaut . And instead of beating around the bush , Hrithik quickly got to the point . They narrated why they did what they did and how this so-called lie has affected them and their family .
The Kangana-Hrithik saga seems to be nearing its climax , now that it 's been over a year of slapping legal notices , contradictory interviews to the media , warring lawyers , leaked emails and possibly morphed photographs .
While Kangana has been very vocal about their side of the story , Hrithik chose to keep mum . However , they have finally broken their silence because the situation has turned “ malignant ” for him . After Hrithik 's lengthy statement about Kangana Ranaut , their sister Rangoli Chandel refused to back down and posted a series of tweets , a screenshot of an email that Hrithik allegedly sent to Kangana in 2014 . While they were at it , they also got Hrithik 's wife in the topic and asked why does Hrithik hides behind their wife .
Hrithik 's statement denies a romantic relationship with their co-star of Kites and Krrish 3 , claiming that they never met them privately and that the 3,000 emails they sent them were ‘ one-sided . ' Whereas , Rangoli 's tweet tells a different story . Take a look at their tweets here :
Postin d mail frm Hrithik 2Kangna here nt fr petty gosip bt 2 shw dat they usd I pad fr comunicatin wid hr Nt d laptop pic.twitter.com/hl9vZB8MKm — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
Is dat not u , who has grabbed Kangana 's waist like a creep and smelling their neck , who seems disinterested ? @ iHrithik pic.twitter.com/I7YrLrEg6C — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
So what if ur ex wife ws dere , I do n't knw bt we all read rumours about hr affair with your friend . Pls prove dis is photoshopped @ iHrithik — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
Could your wife stop you from having multiple affairs under their nose ? Why you always hide behind her ? @ iHrithik — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
Everyone who accuses Kangana for calling them a silly ex… . — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
….and starting it all should know that for months Hrithik 's PR maliciously spread fake news like Kangana pinning over him… . — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
… .. Hrithik kicking Kangana out of projects , Kangana being replaced on Hrithik 's insistence etc . — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
In 2016 Hrithik said there is an imposter who is fooling Kangana and my target is the imposter not Kangana . — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
…Hrithik changed 3 lawyers and their stance also , now Kangana is mentally ill and their new target , not the imposter . — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
My question 2 Hrithik is u hv 2decide one thing if Kangna ws foold by ur impostr den they did n't imagine… . — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
…and if they imagined then there was no imposter . # chooseone — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
If you choose imposter then show the imposter to the world if you choose Kangana 's imagination then show us Kangana 's medical reports . — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
Prove one thing do n't keep changing lawyers and stance . And Brainless paid trollers are not goin to help . — Rangoli Chandel ( @ Rangoli_A ) October 5 , 2017
Trending :
Looks like the year-long legal battle between Hrithik Roshan and Kangana Ranaut is not likely to end soon . The case came to light again after a year when Kangana Ranaut revealed their side of the story on TV show Aap Ki Adalat , before the release of their film Simran .
Collision shuts highway in both directions about 10 kilmotres east of that community
The drivers of two vehicles , as well as two horses in a trailer being pulled behind one of the vehicles , are deceased following a tragic collision on Highway 3/95 , about 12 kilometres east of Yahk , about one one hour west of Cranbrook .
The accident occurred about 9 a.m. Saturday , Feb. 3 , according Cranbrook RCMP , who attended the scene .
The accident occurred when a westbound semi truck jackknifed on the highway . RCMP said it was likely due to the icy road conditions at the time .
A pickup travelling with the horse trailer collided head on with the semi .
Paramedics were on the scene with four ground ambulances and one air ambulance . But police confirmed the drivers of both vehicles , and the two horses , deceased at 2 p.m Mountain Time .
Police said the passenger in the pick-up was in critical condition in East Kootenay Regional Hospital in Cranbrook .
Senior executives at Cambridge Analytica , the data firm backed by billionaire Trump donor Robert Mercer and closely tied to many in Trump 's orbit , have been captured on film saying they use entrapment and former intelligence officials on behalf of their political clients .
The tape was captured by Channel 4 News , which on Monday released a hidden camera investigation featuring a man posing as a prospective client of the data firm 's , in conversation with Cambridge Analytica executives : Alexander Nix , the firm 's CEO ( pictured above ) ; Mark Turnbull , managing director of Cambridge Analytica Political Global , according to Channel 4 ; and Alex Taylor , Cambridge Analytica 's chief data officer .
The investigation will add to the already-intense scrutiny of the firm , in light of reports over the weekend ( and months ago ) that it used millions of Facebook users ' data without their permission . Facebook , according to the reports , did little to protect the data from abuse . President Donald Trump 's former chief adviser , Steve Bannon , is a former vice president of the company , and Trump 's campaign director for their 2020 re-election campaign , Brad Parscale , worked closely with Cambridge Analytica in 2016 to boost Trump 's digital operations .
In a secretly recorded meeting with Channel 4 News ' fake client , Nix suggested secretly entrapping politicians and then exposing them for political gain .
“ Deep digging is interesting , but you know , equally effective can be just to go and speak to the incumbents and to offer them a deal that 's too good to be true , and make sure that that 's video recorded , ” they said . “ These sorts of tactics are very effective , instantly having video evidence of corruption and putting it on the internet , these sorts of things . ”
Nix said they could use “ somebody poses as a wealthy developer ” offering a bribe in exchange for land in order to entrap a political opponent .
“ Send some girls around to the candidate 's house , ” they added . “ We have lots of history of things . ”
“ We could bring some Ukrainians in on holiday with us , you know , ” they said later , noting separately : “ Please do n't pay too much attention to what I 'm saying because I 'm just giving you examples of what can be done , what has been done . ”
Later in the meeting , Nix emphasized : “ I mean , it sounds a dreadful thing to say , but these are things that do n't necessarily need to be true , as long as they 're believed . ”
The company 's representatives also discussed ways to keep their involvement in campaigns hidden from the public .
“ It may be that we have to contract under a different name , ” Turnbull said at one point . “ A different entity , with a different name , so that no record exists with our name attached to this at all . ”
“ Many of our clients do n't want to be seen to be working with a foreign company , ” Nix said separately . “ So often we set up , if we are working then we can set up fake IDs and websites , we can be students doing research projects attached to a university , we can be tourists , there are so many options we can look at . I have lots of experience in this . ”
Finally , the report highlighted , Turnbull claimed to have experience working with ex-spies working for “ British companies ” and “ Israeli companies , ” the latter of which they called “ very effective in intelligence gathering . ”
“ We just used a different organization to run a very , very successful project in a eastern European country where no-one even knew they were there , ” they said . “ They just ghosted in , did the work , ghosted out , and produced really , really good material . ”
A spokesperson for Cambridge Analytica told Channel 4 News : “ We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment , bribes , or so-called ‘ honey-traps ' for any purpose whatsoever… We routinely undertake conversations with prospective clients to try to tease out any unethical or illegal intentions… ”
The spokesperson added : “ Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose . ”
RELATED : Kannegiesser steals away school record in win , prep boys basketball , Hancock athletics
The Bluejays then turned up the defensive pressure over the second half to pull away with a 51-37 win over Hancock in Prinsburg .
Four CMCS players accounted for all of the team 's points , led by Ethan Brouwer 's 16-point effort . Brouwer added 13 rebounds , as well , to notch a double-double .
The Bluejays shot just 37 percent from the field , but offset the cool shooting by committing just two turnovers . The CMCS defense limited the Owls to just 14 second-half points .
Hancock led for the majority of the first half and took a 23-20 lead into the break , but the offense , led by Noah Kannegiesser 's 16 points , could n't keep up with Class A 's No . 3-ranked team .
Tyler Reese finished with 11 points and six rebounds and Michael Milander led the Owls with seven rebounds .
The Owls host Dawson-Boyd Tuesday , Feb. 13 in Hancock .
CMCS 51 , Hancock 37
Hancock ( 12-5 ) .......................... 23 14 — 37
CMCS ( 20-3 ) .............................. 20 31 — 51
HANCOCK - Scoring : Noah Kannegiesser 16 , Michael Milander 3 , Tyler Reese 11 , Chandler Gramm 4 , Andrew Shaw 3 ... 3-point shots : Kannegiesser 3 , Milander 1 , Shaw 1 ... Rebound leader : Milander 7 , Reese 6 ... Assist leader : Reese 2 ... Steal leader : Milander 1
CENTRAL MINNESOTA CHRISTIAN SCHOOL - Scoring : Matthew Van Eps 12 , Ethan Brouwer 16 , Austin Marcus 15 , Carter Henry 8 ... 3-point shots : Van Eps 2 , Brouwer 2 ... Rebound leader : Brouwer 13 , Marcus 9 , Van Eps 6 ... Assist leader : Van Eps 4 , Tanner Stoel 3 ... Steal leader : Van Eps 2 , Jaxon Schwitters 1
`` It 's our job and it 's the job of each and every one of us to get back up and to go back to work and to keep living our lives and to continue to celebrate and to do the things that these acts try to eliminate , '' said Sanchez , who coached at Las Vegas ' Bishop Gorman High before being hired by the Rebels in December 2014 .
`` I think that 's one of the biggest things we 've learned as a nation is when these things happen , we need to grieve and we need to give it time , but we also need to keep living and keep loving and keep doing the things that make this country so great . We can never let that stop and that has to be our combined mission . ''
PREGAME
UNLV will honour the victims of the shooting and people who helped in the aftermath .
`` While football is just a game , it can also serve as a rallying point of unity and allow all of us to recognize the incredible heroism displayed by so many this week , '' athletic director Desiree Reed-Francois said . `` We are all extremely proud of our community 's response over the last couple of days . ''
A full-field flag will be unfurled for the national anthem . The flag is being lent to UNLV by San Diego 's Holiday Bowl , with help from the Las Vegas Bowl .
Besides the players wearing ribbon decals on their helmets , both coaching staffs will wear the ribbons and they will be given to fans .
SDSU PERSPECTIVE
A week after beating Northern Illinois 34-28 in a heated , physical matchup , the Aztecs will experience different emotions .
`` Obviously , it 's a much different week than normal , '' coach Rocky Long said . `` The tragedy that 's happened in Las Vegas has changed the feel of this game . Obviously it 's going to be different than what we normally get ready for . ''
Long noted that the Rebels started slow `` but are getting better and better as they go . They played well last week and we 're tied for first in the Western Division of our conference so the winner of this is one up on the other . So the game is important , but it 's not nearly as important as everything else that 's going on . ''
RUNNING BACKS
Penny ranks second nationally at 164.6 yards per game and UNLV junior Lexington Thomas ranks fourth at 142.8 . Penny was held to a season-low 107 yards by NIU . They had their right eye gouged by Huskies LB Antonio Jones-Davis and finished the game wearing a visor in their facemask . Penny said their eye is OK and they wo n't wear the visor against the Rebels . Penny 's output was hurt by the absence of senior RG Antonio Rosales , who could miss their second straight game with an ankle injury .
CHASING HISTORY
SDSU is looking for its first 6-0 start since 1975 , when it opened 8-0 before losing its final three games . The Aztecs are also eyeing their third straight MWC title and their fans hope they can clinch the Group of Five 's bid in a major bowl .
By Bernie Wilson , The Associated Press
LAS VEGAS — vice president of global marketing solutions Carolyn Everson reiterated the social media firm 's stance made earlier Monday about the care it takes to protect its users ' privacy following allegations last week that a data firm tied to President Trump had misused the data of some 50 million users .
first posted to its blog Friday that it had suspended Strategic Communication Laboratories and its data firm Cambridge Analytica from Facebook . The company said in its post University of Cambridge professor Aleksandr Kogan was found to have passed data collected from Facebook users who downloaded their app , called thisisyourdigitallife , to Cambridge Analytica , a violation of the social networking site 's policies .
Facebook on Monday confirmed it would conduct a forensic audit to further investigate the matter .
“ I think , first and foremost , what I would say to all of our users and , frankly , all of our partners is nothing is more important than the privacy of the people who use our platform , ” Everson said during their keynote at the Shoptalk conference , referencing the forensic audit when asked at the top of their talk to address the matter .
Everson added it would be pursued “ to the full extent of the law . ”
The executive , when asked why more had n't been done in 2015 when it first learned of data harvesting affecting some 20 million users , said the company had been assured the data had been destroyed . It was more recently found that may not have been the case . The company is now attempting to find out what was actually done with the data at that time , they said .
“ It is too early to share with you what we will do in terms of any notification because literally the audit is just beginning and as I mentioned there will be a full-scale investigation , and , if need be , utilize the law to the fullest extent possible to go after any serious wrongdoings , ” Everson said .
They also attempted to address what the social media firm intends to do on a more proactive front .
“ Giving people control over how their data is used is actually one of the core principles of how we built the platform , ” they said , pointing to the ability for users to close ads or see why they 've received a certain ad . “ I think we can and need to do a better job in educating consumers that they have that level of control . ”
The company is also beta testing transparent ads in Canada that allow for people to see how organizations or businesses are targeting people , which comes amid calls the company do more as it relates to how firms use the platform for political advertising . That feature is expected to roll out in time for November 's mid-term elections .
“ It 's possible the complaints [ about ads ] will increase , but we think that 's a good thing , ” they said . “ We have zero tolerance for any misuse of our data or policy breach . ”
A vendor waits for customers at their stall street selling `` esteladas '' or independence flags ahead of a protest in support of Catalonian politicians who have been jailed on charges of sedition in Barcelona , Spain , Friday , March . 16 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Emilio Morenatti )
A vendor waits for customers at their stall street selling `` esteladas '' or independence flags ahead of a protest in support of Catalonian politicians who have been jailed on charges of sedition in Barcelona , Spain , Friday , March . 16 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Emilio Morenatti )
GENEVA ( AP ) - Catalonia 's fugitive ex-president says that independence for the Spanish region is not the `` only option '' for resolving Spain 's worst political crisis in recent decades .
Carles Puigdemont says that a moderate alternative could be adopting Switzerland 's canton model , which presumably would give more self-rule to the already ample powers granted to Spain 's regions .
Puigdemont said that `` 'is independence the only option ? ' Not at all , there are others of course , and perhaps among them , the Swiss model is perhaps the most effective and the most attractive . ''
Puigdemont was speaking at the University of Geneva where they attended a film festival and forum on human rights Sunday .
This was just their second trip outside Belgium , where they have been residing since fleeing Spain following Catalonia 's unsuccessful declaration of independence in October .
HOUSTON ( AP ) — A Houston 18-year-old has been arrested and charged with illegally distributing explosive-making information and attempting to support the Islamic State organization .
The U.S. Justice Department said Monday that Kaan Sercan Damlarkaya , a U.S. citizen , was arrested on Dec. 8 following an undercover FBI operation . A statement says Damlarkaya said they intended to travel overseas and fight for IS and said they tried to get to Syria twice . They told agents that they would commit a U.S. attack if efforts to travel overseas failed .
It also says Damlarkaya provided to alleged IS supporters a formula for explosive Triacetone Triperoxide and instructions how to use it in a pressure cooker device containing shrapnel .
If convicted , they face a possible 20-year maximum prison term . The U.S. has designated IS as a terrorist organization .
They did n't wear hoods as they chanted `` Jews will not replace us . '' They were n't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags , racist signs and swastikas . They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute .
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic , the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend was n't a KKK rally : `` It was a pride march . ''
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point . But it was also an opening .
On the Internet , some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally . Most prominently , on Twitter , the account called `` Yes , You 're Racist '' has been soliciting help and posting IDs . `` I 'll make them famous , '' the account pledged .
So far , at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed .
Cole White , who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley , Calif. , `` voluntarily resigned '' on Saturday after their employer confronted them about their participation in the event , according to the Berkeleyside news site .
@ YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account . Since 2012 , the account has been calling out `` casual racism on Twitter , '' according to the user 's fundraising page . It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets , highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say `` I 'm not racist but ... '' followed by something , well , racist .
But after the rally in Charlottesville , Yes You 're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers .
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville . The account identified one man as `` Illegal Aryan , '' who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month , `` See you in Charlottesville ! ''
`` Illegal Aryan , '' real name Mark Daniel Reardon , was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that they lost their job as a result .
Another identified marcher , who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says they are a member of the Proud Boys , said on Twitter they were at Charlottesville . After they were identified , they said he 's received death threats .
Of course , there 's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses .
Jon Ronson , who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon ( it 's called So You 've Been Publicly Shamed ) , chimed in on Twitter to give their take on the public identification of the white supremacists , white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville .
`` They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media , '' they said , noting also that there 's `` a big difference '' between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power .
That said , Twitter is `` a terrible information swapping service , '' they said , and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process .
Indeed , the `` Yes You 're Racist '' account has made , and acknowledged , some mistakes .
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally , not the Charlottesville march or rally . ( That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband . They said on Youtube they wore it as a `` social experiment '' to prove that `` not all Trump supporters are Nazis . I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point , not to spread a message of hate . '' )
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper . Roper , who has called for non-white races to be `` eliminated '' or `` become extinct , '' did not actually attend the Charlottesville event . Roper , who is vehemently anti-Semitic , objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser .
Roper wrote on their blog that they actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the `` Arkansas Engineering '' marcher :
`` Early on in the game , I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture , in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after . So , I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others . ''
As Roper muddied the waters , others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor , which was false .
Meanwhile , one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely them — but they insisted he 's `` not the angry racist '' people see in the photo .
`` As a white nationalist , I care for all people , '' said Peter Cvjetanovic , who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada , Reno .
`` I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was , '' they told KTVN .
A `` Yes , You 're Racist '' tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times .
By Matt Citak
Jacob deGrom has been unbelievable for the New York Mets this season .
In 11 starts , the 29-year-old right-hander has recorded an impressive 1.52 ERA . This incredible mark currently leads the National League , and has deGrom ranked second in ERA in all baseball , trailing only Houston 's Justin Verlander and their 1.11 ERA .
Through 65.1 innings , deGrom has allowed a mere 11 earned runs while racking up 85 strikeouts and recording a 1.01 WHIP .
Yet two months into the season , despite being one of the top performers in the National League , deGrom has been the winning pitcher in just four contests due to the lack of overall support from their teammates .
Over their last seven starts , deGrom has pitched to an unworldly 0.45 ERA . One of the biggest reasons for this has been their ability to work themselves out of a jam- opposing hitters are hitless in their last 28 at-bats against deGrom with runners in scoring position .
However five of those starts resulted in no decisions for the righty , while only two ended with them as the winning pitcher .
For example , let 's take a look at their most recent outing .
On Monday , deGrom tossed a masterful seven innings during the first game of New York 's doubleheader against the Atlanta Braves . They allowed one earned run on five hits with eight strikeouts , needing 115 pitches to get through the seven frames . They exited the game with the Mets leading 2-1 , hopeful the bullpen could hold on to the lead to earn them their fifth win of 2018 .
But , the normally reliable Seth Lugo allowed a run in the bottom of the 8th to tie the game , and after the Mets took the lead back in the top of the ninth , surrendered a two-run walk-off home run to pinch-hitter Charlie Cluberson .
It was Cluberson 's first home run since September 25 , 2016 .
Unfortunately that has been the story of the 2018 season for deGrom and the Mets , who have failed to take advantage of the games with the team 's ace on the mound .
Before Monday 's loss to the Braves , deGrom threw an absolute gem five days earlier against the Miami Marlins . The starting pitcher threw seven shutout innings of four-hit ball and left the game with a 1-0 lead , just to watch Mets closer Jeurys Familia give up two runs in the top of the ninth .
This is nothing new for deGrom and the Mets . In fact , deGrom has never left a start while trailing this season . Yet somehow , the Mets are 5-6 on the year in their starts , a statistic that 's hard to fathom considering their 1.52 ERA . But game after game , the bullpen has found a way to crumble and spoil their dominant performances .
Now in their fifth season in the majors , deGrom has left the game with a lead just to watch the Mets bullpen blow it an astounding 22 times throughout their young career…
While the relief pitching has been bad , the Mets ' lineup has not been doing their part this year either .
In those six losses with the team 's No . 1 pitcher on the hill , the Mets have been able to score just 15 runs of offense , with six coming in one contest alone .
On the other hand , deGrom has allowed only four earned runs in 33.1 innings during those same six games .
It 's almost remarkable how little help deGrom has received from their teammates this season , between the lack of run support and the continuous failures of the bullpen . But with the latest injury to Noah Syndergaard , along with the inconsistent play from the rest of the starting rotation , the Mets can ill afford to waste such strong outings from the team 's best pitcher and current Cy Young candidate .
If the Mets want to salvage the season and make a true playoff run this year , they need to start by providing Jacob deGrom with the run and bullpen support that the ace deserves .
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum . Follow them on Twitter .
A new paper published in Music Therapy Perspectives examines the importance of music therapy in military healthcare . There has been an increase in music therapy to treat combat-related injuries in recent years . With this growth in the use of the therapy , the researchers involved believe it 's important for practitioners to publish more program evaluations and patient outcomes data .
The military healthcare system is presented with significant challenges following recent conflicts . With advances in military medicine and technology , survival rates are higher and more service members leave combat with psychological injuries , including traumatic brain injury and posttraumatic stress disorder . Such injuries present complex difficulties for treatment because of overlapping symptoms due to multiple health conditions , stigma of receiving care in military culture , and treatment options available within the military healthcare system .
Integrating creative arts therapies in military treatment can present challenges ; many patients benefit from individualized care programs . To overcome such issues and ensure consistent , high quality treatment the researchers believe it 's important for music therapists and treatment centers to share program evaluations and successes , particularly by publishing more program evaluations and patient outcomes data in order to further validate program models , expand implementation , and provide research evidence . The paper outlines the current program models at two facilities , the National Intrepid Center of Excellence at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center and the Intrepid Spirit Centre at Fort Belvoir .
Research has shown that creative arts therapies improve patient outcomes . Blast injury often results in damage to white matter and connective tissue , and psychological trauma resulting in post-traumatic stress disorder disrupts processes in multiple brain regions , heightening some systems and deactivating others . Studies suggest that music has strong effect on multiple neural networks and can assist with rebuilding connections between various regions of the brain . Studies also show that the brain releases dopamine while patients listen to music . This promotes motivation , learning , and reward-seeking behavior . Thus , listening to music can create an enhanced learning environment and rebuild damaged neural connections .
`` Music therapy is a dynamic treatment method for service members recovering from the invisible wounds of war , '' said Hannah Bronson , one of the paper 's authors . `` Building awareness of its benefits with this population can extend the power of music and its healing properties to many more men and women in uniform and their families . ''
# # #
The paper `` Music Therapy Treatment of Active Duty Military : An Overview of Intensive Outpatient and Longitudinal Care Programs '' will be available at : https : / / academic . oup . com/ mtp/ article-lookup/ doi/ 10 . 1093/ mtp/ miy006
Direct correspondence to :
Hannah Bronson
Intrepid Spirit Center
Carl R. Darnell Army Medical Center
Fort Hood
36065 Santa Fe Ave
Fort Hood , TX 76544
Hannah.e.bronson.ctr @ mail.mil
To request a copy of the study , please contact : >
Daniel Luzer
daniel.luzer @ oup.com
Sharing on social media ? Find Oxford Journals online at @ OxfordJournals
Iowa State quarterback Jacob Park will not play against No . 3 Oklahoma on Saturday for undisclosed medical reasons .
The school announced Friday that Park is taking a leave from the team to work through personal health issues . They remain a member of the squad .
Iowa State coach Matt Campbell is not certain of a timeline for Park 's return , and said they can not discuss issue . Campbell said Iowa State is focused on `` supporting one another in difficult times . ''
Park has completed 62 per cent of their passes and has nine touchdown passes and five interceptions this season .
Several buildings were torched in Rustenburg , as taxi operators and community members raided suspected drug dens and brothels . Picture : Facebook
Rustenburg - A lawyer representing 14 Nigerian men pulled out of the case at the Rustenburg Magistrate 's Court on Friday .
They put it on record that they were withdrawing as an attorney for safety reasons .
The men opted to conduct their own defence and proceeded with their bail application . The court ordered that the names and photographs of the men should not be published to protect their identities .
Warrant Officer Phehello Khuduga told the court it would be safe for the accused to remain in custody .
`` The community is furious . They have indicated that if the accused are released on bail , they will take the law into their hands , '' they said testifying for the State , who were opposing bail .
They told the court the men were arrested at the Rustenburg police station on January 21 , after they blocked the entrance of the police station preventing community members from entering or exiting the police station . They also blocked the streets close to the police station .
Read more : Rustenburg mayor vows to shut down all brothels in city
`` They were part of [ a group of ] Nigerian men who were aggressive , shouting and displaying unruly behaviour at the police station , '' Khuduga said .
The Nigerian men went to the police station to complain that they were attacked and that the police were not assisting them . They allegedly went to the police station after they launched an apparent revenge attack , damaging property and robbing people in Rustenburg Noord and Waterval .
They were arrested for public violence for the incident at the police station , while some of the men faced additional charges of malicious damage of property , assault and robbery for the Waterval and Rustenburg Noord incidents . They appeared in separate courts for the Noord and Waterval incidents .
Khuduga told the court that accused one had four previous convictions of assault , possession of drugs , concealment of drugs and crimen injuria and had a warrant of arrest issued against him .
Also read : LOOK : Rustenburg on lockdown as taxi drivers and nyaope addicts clash
They had run away from their home in Rustenburg Noord following attacks on Nigerian nationals and had no alternative address , the court heard .
`` He indicated that they can go somewhere and provide me with their new address , at the moment they had no other address . They are a married man with three children . They are self employed , they run a spaza shop and a hair salon . ''
The court also heard that their permit expired in July 2015 , and that they had been in the country illegally .
The other three accused had no proper documents allowing them to legally be in South Africa .
Accused 12 burst into tears when the court explained their right to legal representation .
`` I did not do anything wrong , everyone knows me in Rustenburg , I am from Sunrise [ Park ] , '' they said sobbing while facing the public gallery . They later told the court that they were not well emotionally but would continue with the bail application .
The case was postponed to February 6 . It is expected that Khuduga would testify about accused five .
Taxi drivers , owners and community filled up the courtroom and had earlier protested outside the court . They wanted the court not to grant the accused bail .
Eight guest houses were torched on January 10 , when taxi drivers raided houses suspected of operating as brothels and drug dens . At the time , they said that they wanted to clean the city of drug and human trafficking .
The raid was targeted at Nigerian nationals , and on January 21 , the Nigerians launched a revenge attack .
African News Agency/ANA
Like us on Facebook
NEW YORK ( AP ) — They 're pets that need a few accommodations , like a minivan with the seats pulled out , a bed that can approach the size of a twin mattress and a household that does n't mind when an animal that weighs in triple digits wants to “ share ” the sofa .
But owners of some of the Westminster Kennel Club dog show 's giant breeds say there 's no small joy in thinking big .
“ It 's a very interesting relationship you can have with a large dog , ” Lynn Kiaer of Argyle , New York , said as two of their 10 Scottish deerhounds , Seaforth and Rhionnach , relaxed after competing this week . To her , “ their whole manner of living ” feels closer to human scale than does life with smaller dogs .
After all , their lean , gentle dogs can come roughly eye-to-eye with a person sitting down : Seaforth , a 6-year-old male , stands about 32 inches tall at the shoulder alone .
While canines of all shapes and sizes have won the nation 's most prestigious dog show , large breeds just might win an outsized share of attention outside the ring as visitors mingle with dogs and breeders .
“ Those are bigger than the wolves I 've seen ! ” one boy exclaimed as they laid eyes on Irish wolfhounds Stuart and Kaviar , members of the tallest breed recognized by the American Kennel Club , the governing body for Westminster and many other canine competitions .
“ It 's a good thing , ” owner Karen Goodell said , explaining that the dogs ' commanding size — 4-year-old Stuart is about 37 inches at the shoulder and weighs 180 pounds — was an asset when they historically hunted wolves and guarded castles in their native Ireland .
At Goodell 's Colorado Springs farm , a half-dozen wolfhounds enjoy the run of fields and the comfort of lazing around a house with taller-than-usual kitchen countertops and everything from biscuits to bowls in “ jumbo ” size .
While some giant dogs can be easygoing house pets , owners stress that early , assiduous training is essential for puppies that will grow — quickly — to an imposing size .
“ You 're not going to be able , in six months , to pick up this dog if it misbehaves , ” notes Newfoundland owner Kathy Wortham , of Newport Beach , California . Them dog Xander competed Tuesday .
Big-breed owners also confront the painful reality of losing their dogs relatively soon . While the average lifespan of American dogs of all sizes has roughly doubled in the last 40 years because of factors including better medications and diets , “ it 's a fact that larger dogs die earlier and smaller dogs live longer , ” said Dr. Joseph Kinnarney , until recently the president of the American Veterinary Medicine Association . They also co-owned the 1995 Westminster best in show winner , a Scottish terrier named Peggy Sue .
The reasons for the lifespan discrepancy are n't clear , but Kinnarney says he 's hopeful continuing genetic research will shed light over time . For now , though , a long-lived Chihuahua might make it to 18 , for instance , while 10 would be an impressive lifespan for an Irish wolfhound .
“ That 's the hardest part ” of having a wolfhound , Goodell says . “ To me , they 're worth it because they 're so wonderful . . . . They 're smart , they 're loyal and they 're great to live with . ”
Any dog owner has their or their share of “ it 's worth it ” s , but the big-breed crowd has perhaps a particularly memorable list .
For great Dane owner and breeder Teresa LaBrie , who showed their dog Duesy at Westminster on Tuesday , it 's worth custom-ordering supersized dog beds and using a 13-quart bucket as a water bowl for the 10 Danes who share their Norwich , New York , home with , yes , two Chihuahuas .
“ There are times when we sit on the floor because we do n't want to disturb the dogs , ” they chuckled .
With four St. Bernards at their home in Lawrenceberg , Kentucky , Dr. BJ Jackson has grown accustomed used to sweeping up daily and teaching hundred-pound puppies that they 're too big to jump into laps .
“ Absolutely , it 's worth it , ” said Jackson , whose dog Rambo competed at Westminster . “ I would n't have it any other way . ”
By The Associated Press
BUCHAREST , Romania ( AP ) — The People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals group is promoting a vegan lifestyle in the Romanian capital with its ambassadors known as the “ Lettuce Ladies . ”
Two young women dressed in bikinis adorned with bright green leaves handed out vegan sandwiches in Bucharest on Monday .
They carried signs in Romanian and English saying : “ Start Fresh : Go Vegan. ” They attracted attention , though some passers-by looked puzzled .
The animal rights group is promoting vegan eating in different countries . They recent visited Moscow and Saint Petersburg in Russia and will also travel to Istanbul . They have also visited China and Cuba .
Many Christian orthodox Romanians consume vegan food for religious reasons in the weeks prior to a religious festival such as Christmas or a saint 's day .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Questions continue to be raised over the financial management of an academy chain which will cease running all its 21 schools .
The demise of Wakefield City Academies Trust ( WCAT ) was discussed at a public meeting on Friday organised by teaching unions and Jon Trickett MP .
Last month WCAT said it had asked the Department for Education to find new sponsors for schools including Wakefield City , Normanton Freeston and Hemsworth academies .
Parents and school staff were invited to the meeting at Hemsworth Community Centre .
Hemsworth MP Mr Trickett said claims were made that monies from the individual schools in WCAT had been pooled to pay off a financial deficit accumulated by the academy chain .
They said : “ The meeting was told that money was taken from local schools within the trust and retained in the centre to resolve the precarious financial position of the trust . But this is taxpayers ' money . It is meant for local children 's education .
“ I was also equally concerned about the possibility of teacher redundancies . ”
Mr Trickett has asked the National Audit Office ( NAO ) to investigate the financial management of WCAT .
The NAO confirmed it was considering Mr Trickett 's request .
A Department for Education spokesperson said : “ Regional Schools Commissioners are working with Wakefield City Academy Trust to have new sponsors in place for all academies with minimal disruption for pupils . ”
On September 8 , the end of the first week of term , WCAT made the shock announcement that it was pulling out of running its 21 Yorkshire schools .
At the time the trust said in a statement : “ Our students ' best interests , as ever , remain our focus and they and parents should be reassured that this decision will have a positive impact on education provision . ”
WCAT is yet to comment further .
Residents and businesses in all of North Kona are under an emergency water restriction once again .
The Department of Water Supply said the Honokohau Deepwell is out of service after a pump failure on Sunday morning .
According to Hawaii County Mayor Harry Kim , more than 20,000 customers are affected .
The latest broken pump means all customers from Kauhou to Keahole and Honalo to Makalei must restrict their water use to drinking , cooking and hygiene needs only .
The county is also cutting off temporary service and irrigation users .
Since January , four other wells in the area have been out of service .
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now . All rights reserved .
BEIJING ( AP ) - China 's Xi Jinping strikes nationalistic tone in closing address to parliament session that lifted term limits on rule .
If you 've considered dabbling in cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin , you need to be aware that where there is value , scammers can reside .
“ On the whole , virtual currencies are considered commodities , ” said Dan Rutherford , Deputy Director of the Office of Customer Education and Outreach at the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission . “ We can step in if there are issues of fraud or manipulation involved , but for the cash markets themselves , those are largely unregulated . Customers really need to be careful with those . ”
Two recent , large-scale binary options schemes have defrauded unwitting Americans of millions of dollars .
“ Binary options are legal in the United States , ” said Rutherford . “ They can be traded on regulated exchanges that are registered with the CFTC . What we 've been seeing , going back several years are a lot of offshore companies that just start up with the sole purpose of defrauding people . ”
Before investing in cryptocurrency , check the status of those with whom you plan to invest , to be sure their business is legitimate .
“ Do n't use social media as your investment advisor and do n't use an investment advisor you meet just on social media . You really do need to do your checking and make sure that person that you 're taking advice from is properly registered with the CFTC or with federal regulators and make sure they have a clean background before you hand over any of your money . ”
To check on your proposed financial pro , go to smartcheck.gov/check .
MOGADISHU , Somalia ( AP ) — Somalia 's security forces early Thursday morning ended a night-long siege by al-Shabab Islamic extremists at a popular Mogadishu restaurant .
Survivors of the attack were led by soldiers from the Pizza House restaurant building . The injured were taken by ambulances .
Soldiers surrounded the restaurant building and used guns mounted on the backs of vehicles to neutralize the militants . Troops entered the ground floor while the insurgent snipers held positions upstairs .
All five attackers were killed and after dawn the soldiers secured the building , said senior Somali police office Capt . Mohamed Hussein . The troops ' efforts to take control of the Pizza House restaurant were slowed by the darkness of night , forcing them to wait until morning , said Hussein .
The roofs were blown off the Pizza House restaurant and nearby buildings from the powerful blasts .
High casualties are feared in the attack on the busy restaurant . The bodies of five girls thought to have been killed by the militants were found in the restaurant , said police . Inside the building , the body of a Syrian man who worked as a chef at restaurant lay near the rubble of a blood-spattered and bullet-marked wall .
An air conditioning unit is noticed by lots of as a must-have appliance inside the dwelling to help keep the air cool and comfy . If this kind of technique malfunctions , it could bring about lots of discomfort , specially if it happens through a really hot period . For this reason , it is actually useful to have the unit serviced at normal intervals by an expert . Get more details about Air Conditioning Lanarkshire
Let 's check out a handful of points to consider within the approach of finding a trustworthy and reliable company to service the air conditioning unit :
Proper certification and license
Any trustworthy company in this sector may have the relevant certification and license to perform this distinct form of work . In case you are able to confirm a preferred company has the proper documentation you 're a lot more likely to get a high-quality service that meets your expectations and requirements . It might be helpful to utilize a repair service using the ideal expert credentials for instance NATE ( North American Technician Excellence ) , ACCA ( Air Conditioning Contractors of America ) or related . With the correct certification in location you will have the reassurance of figuring out they may be certified to set up , repair or replace HVAC systems .
Pay consideration to attitude
A fantastic approach to shortlist a potential repair company is always to go with one that provides good customer service . The individual that handles your call need to listen to your concerns and be polite . You want to speak to a person who is in a position to answer all inquiries and inquiries together with the knowledgeable understanding and a respectful attitude . Also , if the team in the call center are respectful , there is a higher opportunity that the technician will have a similar attitude and arrive on time .
Number of years in business
When researching the solutions it rewards to verify the amount of years a company has been in business . Any repair company which has been in a position to display proof of a excellent service more than the long-term is very likely to possess built up the expertise and know-how to supply a trustworthy and successful business .
Most effective worth for dollars
Any decent repair company will give a complete variety of choice , including annual tune ups , one-off repairs , emergencies and service contracts . Prior to to perform begins , the company should give an estimate for the specific job using a list with the function to be completed . A warranty is normally offered on most jobs . Also , it can be crucial to make positive the quoted price may be the final quantity to pay at the finish from the job with no hidden charges .
Today in History
Today is Monday , Jan. 2 , the second day of 2017 . There are 363 days left in the year .
Today 's Highlight in History :
On Jan. 2 , 1942 , the Philippine capital of Manila was captured by Japanese forces during World War II .
On this date :
In 1788 , Georgia became the fourth state to ratify the U.S. Constitution .
In 1792 , the first classes began at Georgetown University in Washington , D.C .
In 1893 , the U.S . Postal Service issued its first commemorative stamp to honor the World 's Columbian Expedition and the quadricentennial of Christopher Columbus ' voyage .
In 1900 , U.S. Secretary of State John Hay announced the “ Open Door Policy ” to facilitate trade with China .
In 1921 , religious services were broadcast on radio for the first time as KDKA in Pittsburgh aired the regular Sunday service of the city 's Calvary Episcopal Church .
In 1935 , Bruno Hauptmann went on trial in Flemington , New Jersey , on charges of kidnapping and murdering the 20-month-old son of Charles and Anne Lindbergh . ( Hauptmann was found guilty , and executed . )
In 1955 , the president of Panama , Jose Antonio Remon Cantera , was assassinated at a racetrack .
In 1967 , Republican Ronald Reagan took the oath of office as the new governor of California in a ceremony that took place in Sacramento shortly just after midnight .
In 1974 , President Richard Nixon signed legislation requiring states to limit highway speeds to 55 miles an hour as a way of conserving gasoline in the face of an OPEC oil embargo . ( The 55 mph limit was effectively phased out in 1987 ; federal speed limits were abolished in 1995 . ) “ Singing cowboy ” star Tex Ritter died in Nashville at age 68 .
In 1981 , police in Sheffield , England , arrested Peter Sutcliffe , who confessed to being the “ Yorkshire Ripper , ” the serial killer of 13 women .
In 1991 , Sharon Pratt was sworn in as mayor of Washington , D.C. , becoming the first black woman to head a city of Washington 's size and prominence .
In 2006 , a methane gas explosion at the Sago ( SAY'-goh ) Mine in West Virginia claimed the lives of 12 miners , but one miner , Randal McCloy , Jr. , was eventually rescued . The roof of a skating rink collapsed in the German town of Bad Reichenhall ( bahd RYK'-ehn-hahl ) , killing 15 people .
Ten years ago : The state funeral for former President Gerald R. Ford began with an elaborate service at Washington National Cathedral , then moved to Grand Rapids , Michigan . New York City commuter Wesley Autrey Sr. saved Cameron Hollopeter , a 19-year-old film student who 'd fallen onto subway tracks , by leaping down and pulling the teen and themselves into the trough between the tracks as a train passed over them . Talk show host Oprah Winfrey opened a school for disadvantaged girls in South Africa . ( The school later became embroiled in allegations of abuse ; Winfrey apologized and promised an overhaul . ) No . 5 Louisville beat No . 15 Wake Forest 24-13 in the Orange Bowl . Former Jerusalem Mayor Teddy Kollek died at age 95 .
Five years ago : Gordon Hirabayashi , a Japanese-American sociologist who spent 90 days in jail for refusing to be interned during World War II , died in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada at age 93 . ( Hirabayashi 's conviction was overturned in 1987 by a U.S. court which concluded that the U.S. government 's internment policies had been based on political expediency , and not on any risk to national security . ) The 2012 Tournament of Roses brought its flowery floats to a worldwide audience under clear blue skies in Pasadena , California , and in its wake was followed by hundreds of anti-Wall Street protesters . No . 3 Oklahoma State beat No . 4 Stanford 41-38 in overtime in the Fiesta Bowl . No . 6 Oregon beat No . 9 Wisconsin 45-38 in the Rose Bowl .
One year ago : A heavily armed group led by Ammon and Ryan Bundy seized the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon , beginning a 41-day standoff to protest the imprisonment of two ranchers convicted of setting fires on public land and demand the federal government turn over public lands to local control . Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders ' campaign said it had raised more than $ 33 million during the previous three months in their bid to win the Democratic nomination , just short of the amount brought in by rival Hillary Clinton during the same period . The mayor of Temixco , Mexico , Gisela Mota , was assassinated a day after being sworn into office ; two suspects were killed in a clash with police and three others arrested . Saudi Arabia executed 47 prisoners , including a prominent Shiite cleric ; Shiite leaders in Iran and elsewhere across the Middle East swiftly condemned Riyadh and warned of a sectarian backlash .
Today 's Birthdays : Country musician Harold Bradley is 91 . Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert is 75 . TV host Jack Hanna is 70 . Actress Wendy Phillips is 65 . Actress Cynthia Sikes is 63 . Actress Gabrielle Carteris is 56 . Movie director Todd Haynes is 56 . Retired MLB All-Star pitcher David Cone is 54 . Actress Tia Carrere is 50 . Actor Cuba Gooding Jr. is 49 . Model Christy Turlington is 48 . Actor Taye Diggs is 46 . Actress Renee Elise Goldsberry ( Stage : “ Hamilton ” ) is 46 . Rock musician Scott Underwood is 46 . Rock singer Doug Robb ( Hoobastank ) is 42 . Actor Dax Shepard is 42 . Actress Paz Vega is 41 . Country musician Chris Hartman is 39 . Ballroom dancer Karina Smirnoff ( TV : “ Dancing with the Stars ” ) is 39 . Rock musician Jerry DePizzo Jr . ( O.A.R . ) is 38 . Rhythm-and-blues singer Kelton Kessee ( IMX ) is 36 . Pop singer-musician Ryan Merchant ( Capital Cities ) is 36 . Actress Kate Bosworth is 34 . Actor Peter Gadiot is 32 . Jazz singer-musician Trombone Shorty is 31 . Rhythm-and-blues singer/rapper Bryson Tiller is 24 .
Thought for Today : “ A clash of doctrines is not a disaster — it is an opportunity. ” — Alfred North Whitehead , English philosopher and mathematician ( 1861-1947 ) .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Trump administration suggested Tuesday that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a position that could represent a dramatic shift from what has been U.S. policy for more than 20 years .
Speaking to reporters ahead of President Donald Trump 's meeting Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , a senior White House official said Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hoping to bring them together soon .
But the official , who was not authorized to speak publicly on the meeting beforehand , said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail — and that peace , not a two-state solution , is the goal .
For decades , the U.S. position has been that Israelis and Palestinians must work through direct negotiations to establish two states living side by side , with Palestinians to ultimately create an independent state . All serious peace negotiations in that have time have assumed that the two-state solution was the basis for future peace .
State Department officials expressed surprise at the comments and said Tuesday they were not aware of any policy shift on the desirability of a two-state solution . Three officials said the department was seeking clarification from the White House comments , which came as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was having dinner with Netanyahu . The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly .
During their final White House news conference , Obama warned that the moment for a two-state solution “ may be passing ” and said the “ status quo is unsustainable . ”
It was not clear if the White House had intended to declare a major shift in policy during the hastily arranged briefing Tuesday night .
Netanyahu is scheduled to meet with Trump at the White House Wednesday . The two leaders will hold a joint press conference before convening for meetings and a working lunch . The prime minister will then head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle , including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer .
Trump takes pride in their deal-making skills and said during their campaign that he 'd love the challenge of negotiating a Mideast agreement . They have appointed their son-in-law , Jared Kushner , to lead the effort .
The official said the visit was meant to mark a new , closer relationship between Israel and the United States , which grew strained during the Obama years .
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts as well as expanded Israeli settlements , Iran and Trump 's campaign pledge to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem .
The latter would signal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , a move that would infuriate Palestinians . They claim the eastern sector of the city , captured by Israel in 1967 , as their capital .
American presidents have long struck a delicate balance addressing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , stressing the close U.S. friendship and lavishing the Jewish state with aid . But recent presidents also have tried to negotiate , and they have called out Israel for actions seen as undermining peace efforts , such as expanding settlements in the occupied West Bank .
Trump told The Associated Press during their campaign that they wanted to be “ very neutral ” and try to get both sides together . But their tone became decidedly more pro-Israel as the campaign progressed . They have spoken disparagingly of Palestinians , saying they have been “ taken over ” by or are condoning militant groups . Some of their top aides challenge the legitimacy of Palestinian demands for a state .
After repeatedly clashing with Obama for eight years , capped by a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements , Netanyahu seemed relieved by Trump 's arrival . Trump slammed the U.S. decision to abstain from the U.N. vote , saying in December that Israel is being treated “ very , very unfairly . ”
Now in office , however , Trump has been forced to reevaluate and revisit their position on a number of issues — including those relating to Israel .
After initially greeting Israel 's settlement announcements with a shrug , Trump appears to be having second thoughts . In an interview with a pro-Netanyahu Israeli daily Friday , Trump said , “ I am not somebody that believes that going forward with these settlements is a good thing for peace . ”
While the meeting is expected to be much warmer than Netanyahu 's famously tense encounters with Obama , the Israeli leader will still need to tread with caution on sensitive issues like Israeli settlement construction , Iran and the war in Syria .
In dealing with such a divisive president , Netanyahu will also face some potential pitfalls . Key constituencies , including congressional Democrats and many American Jews , oppose Trump 's policies , while at home Netanyahu is under pressure from their hard-line allies to push for policies that Trump may not support .
“ Netanyahu seeks to shift the discussion in the U.S.-Israel relationship away from settlements and peace and back to Iran so that they can put off the difficult political decisions that would roil their coalition and put their rule in jeopardy , ” said Yousef Munayyer , a political analyst and executive director of the U.S. Campaign for Palestinian Rights .
“ The challenge to Netanyahu is domestic , ” Munayyer added . “ He spent so much time arguing that Obama was the problem that now that we are in the post-Obama era , their right-wing coalition partners want to exploit the moment and take huge steps that would further isolate Israel , trigger international condemnation from other corners , and potentially destabilize the land and Israeli politics . ”
Ahead of the visit , Netanyahu said they would handle ties with the U.S. in a “ prudent manner , ” but they steered clear of specifics .
The Israeli prime minister is also scheduled to have breakfast Thursday with Vice President Mike Pence before departing back to Israel .
__
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report .
Every oce in a while , a movie comes along that is so resoundingly terrible that it achieves perfection . It does n't just have a lame twist , awful acting , or some kind of cheesy technology . It has everything . And that 's exactly the vibe you 'll get from Replicas , the astoundingly ridiculous new movie starring Keanu Reeves and the robot from I , Robot .
So here 's the plot of Replicas , insofar as one can call it a plot . Reeves is a neuroscientist who has a heads-up display that allows them to teleport ( ? ? ? ) their dead wife and children 's minds into other bodies ( ? ? ? ) or maybe robots ( ? ? ? ) or maybe clone them ( ? ? ? ) . Any movie that earns 12 question marks based on the trailer alone is already destined for cult-classic status .
There are robots that look just like the CGI from I , Robot , which is convenient . Also there is some kind of technology that plunges a needle into your eye , because as I said , this movie has everything . Reeves ' lab partner is played by Thomas Middleditch ( Silicon Valley ) , which made me think that at any moment , a crazy VC was going to show up and try to invest in something . A social media platform that stabs your eyes preemptively before you start posting ? Sounds great ! [ Bong hit . ]
Replicas ' `` so bad it 's good '' bona fides are impeccable . It was directed by Jeffrey Nachmann , who wrote ridiculous fakey-pants climate change movie The Day After Tomorrow ( in which Jake Gyllenhaal is chased by `` cold '' down a hallway ) . It was written by relative newcomer Chad St. John , whose only other feature credit is a goofy Gerard Butler flick called London Has Fallen , which is about how ONE MAN can prevent EVERY WORLD LEADER from being killed . Plus , as I mentioned earlier , it stars Keanu Reeves . I love me some Keanu , but the guy pretty much specializes in cheesy action flicks .
Even if this movie turns out to be merely bad rather than sublimely horrible , we will always have this trailer . It 's the best example I 've ever seen of a movie that combines every sci-fi cliché into one intoxicating suicide soda of a plot . Ca n't wait to watch this one .
WASHINGTON D.C. ( AP ) — President Donald Trump is attacking the leading Democratic candidate running in a special election in a conservative Georgia congressional district .
On Twitter Monday , Trump says the “ The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals , allow illegal immigration and raise taxes ! ”
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals , allow illegal immigration and raise taxes ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) April 17 , 2017
Republicans are trying to prevent a massive upset in the primary on Tuesday . Democrats have united behind 30-year-old former congressional staffer Jon Ossoff , who has been boosted by opposition to Trump and an $ 8 million fundraising haul .
The primary includes 18 candidates — Republicans , Democrats and Independents . Republicans hope to force a June runoff with the GOP 's top candidate by keeping Ossoff below 50 percent of the vote .
The Georgia primary comes a week after Republicans won a closer-than-expected special congressional victory in Kansas .
Up to 100 workers will strike on Monday at the iconic brewery just nine days out from the games .
Food Looking for a great recipe ? Find it now & see how it ? s all made by watching recipe videos .
Health Finds the latest health headlines & videos , plus get tips for healthy living .
Links Looking for a website or event you heard mentioned on News 9 ? Find it here !
Newsletters Sign up now to receive news , weather , recipes and more from News9.com
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In Detroit The holiday season is upon us and it 's that time to celebrate with friends and family . Capture all the memories while enjoying what Detroit has to offer around the city .
Best Places To Take Photos With Santa Near DetroitChristmas is right around the corner and that means it is time to visit Santa . Whether you want to just stop by for a quick photo or visit a historic village where they are holding court , you can find the place you need all across the Detroit area .
JAKARTA , Indonesia ( AP ) — Indonesia is immunizing millions of children and teenagers against diphtheria after the disease killed 38 people , mostly children , since January .
Children in school uniforms and toddlers clinging to their parents received shots at a high school in Indonesia 's capital , Jakarta , on the first day of the campaign Monday .
Diphtheria is a bacterial disease that can cause breathing difficulties , heart failure and paralysis . It was more or less eradicated in Indonesia in the 1990s but health officials say it has re-emerged in the past four years because immunization rates have dropped , partly reflecting fears about vaccines .
The first stage of the $ 112 million campaign aims to vaccinate 8 million people under the age of 19 in Jakarta and the populous provinces of Banten and West Java .
The outbreak is “ likely due to some people refusing immunization which causes their children 's antibodies and resistance to be low , ” Health Minister Nila Moeloek said after visiting a hospital where more than 30 diphtheria patients were being treated .
They said there could be a variety of reasons why increased numbers of parents are refusing immunizations .
The disease disappeared during the three-decade rule of Indonesian dictator Suharto when a family education program sent volunteers such as the wives of government officials into villages where they talked to mothers about nutrition and sanitation and reminded them about national immunization days .
The program was abandoned after Suharto 's ouster in 1998 , and a subsequent decentralization of government in Indonesia has complicated the work of health officials . Rumors that vaccinations are dangerous and violate Islamic law have also gained currency in the world 's most populous Muslim nation .
The result , according to Elizabeth Jane Soepardi , who oversees immunization policy at the Ministry of Health , is that immunization rates dropped in some communities .
“ I did n't even know about immunization , ” said Satiyah , a 46-year-old mother of three whose adult son is being treated in an isolation ward for diphtheria after developing fever and nausea .
“ None of my children has been immunized since birth , ” said Satiyah , who goes by one name . They said now that they risk losing their son they will allow their 15-year-old daughter to be immunized .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Tulane-Florida St . Box
FLORIDA ST. 72 , TULANE 53 TULANE ( 7-3 )
Paul 5-9 2-5 12 , Slater 2-6 0-0 5 , Frazier 1-9 0-0 3 , Reynolds 5-17 2-2 16 , Cornish 1-4 0-0 2 , Ajang 0-0 0-0 0 , Sehic 3-3 0-0 7 , Koka 0-0 0-0 0 , Ona Embo 4-8 0-0 8 , Daniels 0-3 0-1 0 . Totals 21-59 4-8 53 .
FLORIDA ST. ( 9-0 )
Cofer 2-8 0-1 4 , Obiagu 1-1 0-1 2 , Angola 6-10 2-2 18 , C.Walker 1-8 1-3 3 , Mann 4-7 4-6 12 , Kabengele 4-8 1-3 9 , Wilkes 0-0 0-0 0 , Allen 0-0 0-0 0 , Savoy 2-5 0-0 6 , Forrest 5-6 2-3 12 , M.Walker 1-5 3-5 6 . Totals 26-58 13-24 72 .
Halftime_Florida St. 29-17 . 3-Point Goals_Tulane 7-22 ( Reynolds 4-9 , Sehic 1-1 , Slater 1-3 , Frazier 1-4 , Ona Embo 0-2 , Cornish 0-3 ) , Florida St. 7-21 ( Angola 4-7 , Savoy 2-4 , M.Walker 1-3 , Forrest 0-1 , Cofer 0-2 , C.Walker 0-4 ) . Fouled Out_None . Rebounds_Tulane 35 ( Reynolds 11 ) , Florida St. 43 ( Cofer , Angola 8 ) . Assists_Tulane 12 ( Frazier , Reynolds 4 ) , Florida St. 11 ( Forrest 4 ) . Total Fouls_Tulane 20 , Florida St. 14 . A_3,975 ( 20,500 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
PAWNEE , Okla. ( AP ) — Two earthquakes have struck in the area of northern Oklahoma that was rattled last year by the largest earthquake in state history .
The U.S. Geological Survey says the back-to-back earthquakes hit Monday morning near Pawnee , 2 hours south of Wichita .
The USGS says the quakes had magnitudes of 3.2 and 3.3 and there are no reports of injuries or damage .
In September , a 5.8 magnitude earthquake struck Pawnee and caused widespread property damage . Scientists have linked Oklahoma 's recent spate of earthquakes to oil and gas production , and state regulators have issued new regulations on the practice of injecting wastewater into underground disposal wells .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - A prominent Washington lawyer who authored a report that 's a key part of the special counsel 's investigation into Paul Manafort has left their law firm .
Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom confirmed Tuesday that Greg Craig , a former White House counsel under President Barack Obama , is no longer with the firm . Their biography has been removed from the law firm website . The firm did n't immediately comment beyond confirming their departure .
Craig wrote a report funded by the Ukrainian Ministry of Justice about the trial of a former Ukrainian prime minister .
That report is cited in the indictment against Manafort , President Donald Trump 's former campaign chairperson . Manafort is accused of using offshore accounts to secretly funnel more than $ 4 million to fund the report .
Craig is not accused of any wrongdoing .
The PNP plans to roll out body cameras by June 2018
Published 8:22 PM , February 03 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The Philippine National Police ( PNP ) has opened the acquisition for their body cameras for bidding , police chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa announced .
`` I am announcing to all suppliers out there , you can supply the best body-worn camera , you come to Camp Crame , get accredited , and supply our body cameras . Because we want the best for our PNP , '' Dela Rosa said in a mix of English and Filipino in a press conference Thursday , February 1 .
Their allotment for body cameras can not be understated as the national police have set aside P334 million for the small gadgets . ( READ : Will body cameras solve alleged police abuse in the drug war ? )
According to the PNP Director for Logistics Jovic Ramos , who 's in charge of their procurement plan , they have assigned the great amount to show that they are prioritizing the end to police abuse during operations .
`` Tapos na 'yung dogs , ang program ngayon is 'yung body cameras . Wala kaming procurement ng dogs [ for this year ] ( The dogs are done . The program for this year are body cameras . We do not have procurement for dogs for this year ) , '' Ramos told reporters during the same Thursday briefing .
Ramos could not give how many cameras they plan on purchasing . They said they have yet to coordinate with the PNP 's Directorate for Operations on how many the 190,000-strong police force needs , and how the cameras should be distributed .
With regard to bidders , Ramos forewent describing who to prioritize as they have also yet to meet with the PNP 's bids and awards committee ( BAC ) on whether they would prefer the lowest bidders .
Police are gunning to have them rolled out by June 2018 , the top cop said . ( READ : Dela Rosa looking for donors to fund PNP body cameras )
`` June , meron na tayong body camera sa lahat ng mga drug enforcement units . Sa buong PNP , 'yun ang pinaka-conservative estimate of the procurement process . Pero kami talaga bibilisan namin 'yan . The more na wala 'yan , the more na uneasy 'yung mga kritiko natin , '' Dela Rosa said .
( By June , we will have body cameras for all our drug enforcement units . For the PNP , that 's the most conservative estimate of the procurement process . But we are fast-tracking it . The more that it 's not there , the more uneasy critics become . ) – Rappler.com
John Cena 's proposal to Nikki Bella was the `` greatest moment '' of their life .
The 40-year-old wrestler popped the question to their long-term girlfriend after their mixed tag-team match at WrestleMania 33 in April and they found it incredibly special seeing their personal and professional lives collide in such a romantic way .
John , who recently rewatched footage of their proposal for the first time , told 'Entertainment Tonight ' : `` I think over the years those misconceptions are being shattered one by one . You know , I do have a bold and sometimes stern exterior with the WWE , but moments like me proposing to Nicole in front of 75,000 fans at WrestleMania let 's everyone knows that there are times that are tough but you 're never too ashamed to say you 're in love .
`` It 's the greatest moment of my life . It was like world colliding . WWE has been my family for the last 15 years and Nicole is the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with so I was ... it was the first time I had the chance to watch it back and it 's the best moment of my life . ''
John had to walk the red carpet at the Los Angeles premiere of their new animated movie 'Ferdinand ' alone over the weekend because Nikki had been held up due to flight complications , and they admitted they were upset that they missed a rare opportunity to `` steal a date '' together .
They told 'Entertainment Tonight ' : `` I hate doing these things without her , and I know they wanted to be here but we still got a great movie and I 'll be thinking of them when I see it .
`` We do n't get too much time with each other , and it 's kind of a way for us to steal a date out of our schedule so I was looking forward to seeing them I have n't seen them in a few weeks . I 've been going around the world and she 's been busy as well . ''
But the couple are looking forward to the festive season , when they 'll have time off to be together .
John said : `` I think the gift we both long for is time with each other , so it 's both of us consciously carving out a few days to just have the company of each other . ''
Fresh produce and dairy was flown to Broome to replenish supermarket shelves . Picture : Glenn Cordingley
Fresh produce and dairy was flown to Broome to replenish supermarket shelves . Picture : Glenn Cordingley
More than 12 tonnes of fresh produce and long-life milk was this afternoon flown to Broome to help replenish barren shelves at Coles in Chinatown .
Supermarkets in the Kimberley town and Derby , 210km away , have not had deliveries for several days because sections of the Great Northern Highway have been closed due to flooding .
The supplies were flown to Broome from Perth in a chartered Boeing 737-400 freight carrier .
Coles Chinatown manager Mark Mason said a semi-trailer load of groceries would be arriving sometime tonight .
A barge ferrying further stock from Port Hedland was due in Broome by about midday tomorrow .
The vessel was carrying three semi-trailers loaded with refrigerated and dry groceries .
Mr Mason said their store had completely run out of fresh produce and perishables .
“ Obviously bakery lines we do n't have , refrigerated milk we do n't have—those lines have been hit very hard , ” they said .
“ For the last couple of days we have not had a lot of stock on our shelves . ”
Former Florida player and head coach Steve Spurrier makes remarks after they were honored during an NCAA college football game after the Gators unveiled Steve Spurrier-Florida Field at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium . ( AP Photo/John Raoux ) John Raoux AP
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) — The top U.S. military officer told their counterparts in South Korea on Monday that the United States is ready to use the “ full range ” of its military capabilities to defend itself and its allies from any North Korean provocation .
Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford , the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , is visiting South Korea , Japan and China after a week in which President Donald Trump traded threats with North Korea . Trump declared the U.S. military “ locked and loaded ” and said they were ready to unleash “ fire and fury ” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States .
North Korea , meanwhile , has threatened to lob four intermediate-range missiles into the waters near Guam , a tiny U.S. territory about 3,200 kilometers ( 2,000 miles ) from Pyongyang , North Korea 's capital . This would be a deeply provocative act , from the U.S. perspective , and there has been widespread debate about whether Washington would try to shoot the missiles down if they 're fired .
The U.S.-North Korea standoff , which has simmered since the end of the Korean War in 1953 , has grown more tense in recent months over worries that the North 's nuclear weapons program is nearing the ability to target the U.S. mainland . Pyongyang tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles last month .
Dunford , who met with senior South Korean military officials and President Moon Jae-in , “ stressed that North Korea 's ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programs threaten the entire global community , ” according to U.S. military spokesperson Capt . Darryn James . “ He conveyed America 's readiness to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the U.S. homeland , ” James said .
Moon separately called Monday for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff , saying that “ there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula , ” according to their office .
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House , Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries . Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provoking .
North Korea , which is angry over new United Nations sanctions condemning its rapidly developing nuclear and missile program , continued its tough stance on Monday .
The North accused the United States of mobilizing a huge number of weapons and troops for annual military drills with South Korea that begin later this month . Pyongyang , which claims the drills are war preparation , says it will be ready to send its Guam missile launch plan to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for approval just before or as the drills begin .
“ What matters is that if a second conflict ( on the peninsula ) erupts , that can not help but lead to a nuclear war , ” the North 's official Korean Central News Agency said in a commentary . “ We are closely monitoring every move by the United States . ”
The commentary said that about 3.5 million young students and workers have volunteered to join or rejoin the army because of a possible confrontation with the United States .
Dunford earlier told reporters traveling with them to Asia that they aim to “ sense what the temperature is in the region. ” They also will discuss military options in the event the “ diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign ” fails .
“ We 're all looking to get out of this situation without a war , ” Dunford said .
Chinese President Xi Jinping talked on the phone Saturday with Trump and called for cool-headedness . Xi urged Washington and Pyongyang to avoid words or actions that could worsen the situation .
Trump has pushed China , North Korea 's biggest economic partner and source of aid , to do more to stop the North 's nuclear ambitions . Beijing says its influence on Pyongyang is limited .
Trump 's recent threats followed a report that U.S. intelligence indicates North Korea can now put a nuclear warhead on its long-range missiles .
For all their bluster , Trump 's words did not appear to be backed by significant military mobilization on either side of the Pacific , and an important , quiet diplomatic channel remained open .
On Sunday , U.S. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and Army Lt. Gen. H.R . McMaster , Trump 's national security adviser , tried to provide assurances that a conflict is avoidable , while also supporting Trump 's tough talk . They said the United States and its allies no longer can afford to stand by as North Korea pushes ahead with the development of a nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missile .
___
Associated Press writer Hyung-jin Kim contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
As the industry shifts to online showings and private debuts , and the cost for a large auto show stand regularly reaches into the millions , more automakers are deciding to forgo these events entirely . Most recently Lamborghini said it would be skipping the Paris Motor Show , and before that BMW and Mercedes-Benz . Now one of the world 's largest auto groups is doing the same with three of its core brands .
Fiat , Alfa Romeo , and Jeep will not be in attendance at this year 's Paris Motor Show , according to a report from the website AutoPlus France . This is the first major show in years that either of the three automakers have decided to skip . Fiat suggests that auto shows are no longer a must-do as part of its ongoing strategy . Though three of FCA 's core properties wo n't be in attendance , its mainstay luxury marque , Maserati , will be there , as will Ferrari .
Of course , this departure from the auto show circuit is nothing new . Other automakers that will be skipping this year 's Paris Motor Show include Ford , Infiniti , Mazda , Mitsubishi , Nissan , Opel , Subaru , and Volvo . Brands like Citroën , Hyundai , Jaguar , Kia , Land Rover , Lexus , Mercedes-Benz , Peugeot , Smart , Suzuki , and Toyota , meanwhile , have committed to Paris for 2018 .
But Paris is n't the only auto show taking a hit ; already Audi , BMW , and Mercedes-Benz have announced that they will be skipping North America 's largest show in Detroit ( which could move from January to October to avoid conflict ) . Instead , the German marques will focus on tech expos like CES in Las Vegas , and the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain . Mercedes-Benz , at least , promises that it could be back to Detroit in 2020 . CEO Dieter Zetsche said , `` I very much expect in 2020 we will be back with some product launches . ''
The 2018 Paris Motor Show opens its doors on October 2 to the press , and runs until October 14 .
Source : AutoPlus France
Philadelphia Police are investigating the gunpoint sexual assault of a 17-year-old girl at the City Hall SEPTA station Tuesday night .
Shortly before 10 p.m. on the station 's southbound platform , police said , a man in their 20s approached the girl from behind , took a gun from their waistband and forced them to perform a sex act before fleeing the scene . The suspect was captured on surveillance footage at the station and police are asking for help in identifying him .
SEPTA Police Chief Thomas Nestel will hold a news conference on the assault later this morning .
Casino games online are like an earthly heaven for those who really like gambling . Gone will be the days when men and women who really like to gamble need to wait for the vacation , book a flight to their favorite city and enjoy the globe of thrill and excitement . Online gambling games deliver gamblers far more opportunities than you can find offered at offline casinos . Nevertheless , prior to looking for casino games online , one must realize that not all the youngsters are eligible to play these tricky games . There 's a certain age limit , only those above 21 years of age group are eligible to play these games , whether online or offline . Get more information about judi casino online
You can find massive advantages of casino games online ; some of them are shared beneath .
Games For free
Essentially the most appealing and inviting aspect of casino games online may be the reality that the majority of online casinos provide you with a chance to play all gambling games nearly totally free . As for those who charge , the amount is just about negligible as in comparison to the vast globe of gaming opening in front of you .
Range
Online casinos supply you a number of games at your doorstep . There are actually specific games that are specialty of a region or unique spot on the country , when you search that game on any casino halls online you will be astonished to find out that not only that original game is offered , you 'll find numerous versions of that games present online .
Lowered Price
Casino games online reduce your costs at the lowest level delivering you the opportunity to invest your revenue for your pleasure . Now if you 'd like to play slots , blackjack or any other equivalent game , you do n't need to travel to any other city or state to take the pleasure . Just join the online casino and you may get the pleasure at your doorstep , sitting comfortably inside your bed .
Fantastic Packages
No offline casino present regardless of whether in Macao or in Los Angeles , is able to compete with vast variety of packages out there on an online casino . You can get as numerous games as it is possible to consider . Just have a look at the board from the applications obtainable at a particular online casino and you may choose the single you will be most fond of .
Availability & Accessibility
Another major advantage of casino games online is their easy accessibility and the convenience they provide . Unlike the offline casino and gambling globe where the process is quite complicated , casino online games are quite easy to access . To delight in gambling in an offline casino you 'll have to invest huge amounts of revenue and in addition you might , must travel to places that are considered as niche of casinos . Unlike all this fuss and hindrance , casino games online are very easy to access . On most from the online casinos , you just have to sign up and set up an account . Website will offer you you sign up balance , have a appear on the board of games and start playing your favorite casino games online .
By The Associated Press
BOSTON ( AP ) — The New England Holocaust Memorial in Boston has been vandalized for the second time this summer .
Police say someone smashed a glass panel on the memorial on Monday . A suspect was taken into custody .
It 's the second time the memorial has been damaged in the past few months .
In June , police say James Isaac used a rock to shatter a roughly 9-foot-tall ( 3-meter-tall ) glass panel on one of the memorial 's six 54-foot-high ( 16-meter-high ) towers . Isaac has pleaded not guilty to vandalism charges .
The six glass towers are lit internally and etched with millions of numbers that represent tattoos on the arms of many Jews sent to Nazi death camps .
The repaired memorial was rededicated in July .
Democratic Mayor Marty Walsh says he 's “ saddened to see such a despicable action . ”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON , June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global 's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland .
For Steeler rookies , free agents and career backups , earning a spot on the team 's 53-man roster , or even its practice squad , requires catching Mike Tomlin 's eye and those of their coaches through consistent and standout play . Getting in Tomlin 's doghouse and quickly released is a far easier task . The following four keys to Tomlin 's ire should alert us to whose stock is falling in the pending camp and in danger of landing on the street .
Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the Steelers Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ?
PASCAGOULA , Miss . -- Main Street in Pascagoula is filled with multi-colored beads as the 10th annual Krewe of Little Rascals parade rolled through the city .
Kids adorned in Mardi Gras themed hats , shoes , colors , you name it filled the main street area to have a celebration of their own .
The parade kicked off with sounds of the Pascagoula High School Marching Band , followed by cute kids either asleep or those interested in participating threw beads , candy , and other goodies at eager onlookers awaiting their arrival .
Although the weather was overcast and a cool 50 degrees , it did not hinder the fun , laughs , and smiles the children and their parents displayed .
This year 's parade marshal was Robert Rumsfelt , Pascagoula Gautier School District Administrator of the year and principle of the Jackson County Exceptional School .
The queen was Destiney Beltran , student at Martin Bluff Elementary School -- the king was Jonathan Shelby , student at Lake Elementary .
After the parade ended , the Krewe of Zippity was awarded `` Best Krewe . ''
Parade coordinator Rebecca Davis said the turnout for Saturday 's parade is the biggest it has ever been and expects next year to be even bigger than new ideas will be implemented .
`` Today was such fun , I really enjoy doing this , '' Davis said . `` I had so many parents come up to me and tell me how much fun this was and how they were willing to pitch in next year to make this parade bigger and better . ''
Davis said numerous parents volunteered to make the event bigger and said that before next year 's parade , a block party will be held before the parade for the children .
Pascagoula Mayor Dane Maxwell praised the efforts of Davis and the community for putting together a parade everyone can enjoy .
`` It 's great to see so many children and families out enjoying the Little Rascals parade today , '' Maxwell said . `` This is one more reason why Pascagoula is a great place to raise a family and be a part of this community . ''
The Jackson County Carnival Association parade is set for next Saturday at 1 p.m. in Pascagoula .
BRUNSWICK , Ga. ( AP ) — The number of sea turtle nests along the Georgia coast could double the historical average .
The Brunswick News reports that as of Tuesday , there were about 2,150 sea turtle nests filled with around 104,000 eggs .
Nesting began a continual drop-off following the first week of July , when Mark Dodd of the state Department of Natural Resources sea turtle program said totals this year were running at about 75 percent of last year 's numbers .
If that holds though the end of nesting season in October , Georgia should end up with more than 2,400 nests total . That is around double the historical average .
Right now , attention is not so much on new nests but on newly hatched turtles emerging and making their way to the ocean .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The arrest of a Bangladeshi immigrant accused of making a homemade pipe bomb and setting it off in the New York subway system has led to discussion of the nation 's immigration system , with President Donald Trump repeating their refrain that it needs to be overhauled in favor of more restrictions .
What you should know :
___
THE BOMBING SUSPECT
Advertisement
Authorities have identified the bombing suspect as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah . Originally from Bangladesh , they arrived in the United States in 2011 and was living in Brooklyn . The Department of Homeland Security says he 's a lawful permanent resident of the U.S .
___
HOW They GOT HERE :
Ullah came to the U.S. on an F43 visa , issued to them through their family connection to an American citizen . The American immigration system allows citizens to apply for certain relatives — spouses , children , parents , siblings and their spouses and minor children — to be allowed to come and live in the U.S . The visas fall under different preferences , or categories ; siblings of U.S. citizens come in the fourth preference , the F4 , and their children come under F43s .
___
WHAT 'S THE HISTORY ?
Since a law change in 1965 loosened what had been a very restrictive system , America 's immigration policy has been based around giving preference to people with advanced education or skills or those with family ties to U.S. citizens . What that has meant is that as immigrants from places like Asia and Latin America started coming to the U.S. in larger numbers and became citizens , they applied for their family members to join them . Once naturalized , those brought in were able to then sponsor their own relatives .
___
WHAT 'S THE CONCERN ?
Those who favor restrictions on immigration are in strong opposition to that kind of linked migration . It 's an issue that 's been brought up in proposed immigration reform legislation before . U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton , of Arkansas , and U.S. Sen. David Perdue , of Georgia , both Republicans , have most recently proposed the RAISE Act , which would limit the number of permanent-resident visas and do away with the ability of citizens to bring over relatives other than spouses and minor children . Immigrant advocates have called the bill an attack on immigrants .
___
WHAT TRUMP SAYS
Trump has made who 's allowed into the United States a centerpiece of their presidency , in the form of banning residents from certain countries from traveling to the U.S. , calling for the construction of a wall along the Mexican border and limiting the number of refugees allowed in .
After Monday morning 's subway explosion , which seriously injured Ullah but no one else , Trump issued a statement saying , “ America must fix its lax immigration system , which allows far too many dangerous , inadequately vetted people to access our country . Today 's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration , which is incompatible with national security . ”
Trump , a Republican , has voiced their support of the RAISE Act .
___
Deepti Hajela covers issues of race , ethnicity and immigration for The Associated Press . Follow them on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/dhajela . For more of their work , search for their name at https : //apnews.com
Speaking on the floor of the House of Representatives on Wednesday , Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-WI ) said that all lawmakers feel assaulted following the shooting earlier today in Alexandria where a man targeted GOP members who were practicing for the Congressional baseball game , set for tomorrow at Nationals Park .
“ An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us , ” Ryan said .
The lone gunman opened fire on lawmakers on the baseball field , wounding House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( R-LA ) and others .
“ Two members of Mr. Scalise 's protective police detail were wounded as they exchanged gunfire with the gunman in what other lawmakers described as a chaotic , terror-filled 10 minutes that turned the baseball practice into an early-morning nightmare , ” the New York Times reported . “ The police said two of the five people were critically wounded . ”
President Trump said in a statement that the shooting suspect , James T. Hodgkinson , 66 of Belleville , Ill. , had died .
Ryan said that lawmakers are “ united ” in their shock but also their resolve .
They also praised the Capitol Police , which engaged in a gun battle with the shooter .
“ We are , as ever , awed by the tremendous bravery of the capitol police , ” Ryan said .
“ It is clear to me , based on various eyewitness accounts , that without these two heroes , agent [ David ] Bailey and agent [ Krystal ] Griner , many lives would have been lost , ” Ryan said .
“ Mr . Hodgkinson appeared to be had been fervent fan of Senator Bernie Sanders , according to a Facebook page with references to the Vermont senator , ” the Times reported . “ A LinkedIn page for James Hodgkinson had a profile photo showing Mr. Sanders 's famous hair and glasses and the words , ‘ The Dawn of a New Democracy . ' ”
Senator Sanders in a personal statement condemned the attack .
Gumboots , muddy hands and soiled clothes were a sight to see at the Baldivis Children 's Forest on Sunday as families put their green thumbs to work for a community planting day .
Rooted in its focus of “ Conservation through Education ” the school holiday activity promoted community involvement and connection to nature through the planting of 200 seedlings in a degraded area of bushland .
Species planted were native to the area and ranged from large banksia trees to small Conostylis .
Committee member Tegan Tregonning said the importance of nature-based play and activities had increased in recent years with the rise of technology in an urban world .
” Many children were asking about the species of the plants and how large they grow as the families worked together constructively , ” they said .
“ The children and adults also learnt from demonstration and evidence-based planting techniques — for example , placing a bag around the plants to protect them , catch water and direct it to the roots . ”
The seedlings will be cared for and protected by planting bags and bamboo poles from volunteer group Friends of the Forest , which will also use recycled reticulation to encourage the growth and life-span of the young trees .
“ It was great to see the families working together and the children playing on nature 's own playground , like big logs , ” Ms Tregonning said .
For more information about events and becoming a member , visit baldivischildrensforest.org .
MELBOURNE , April 10 London copper eased on Monday as rising geopolitical tensions blunted appetite for risk and lifted the dollar , eroding the purchasing power of commodity buyers .
FUNDAMENTALS
* LME COPPER : London Metal Exchange copper had slipped 0.4 percent to $ 5,809 a tonne by 0124 GMT , adding to small losses from the previous session , before finding support at its 100-day moving average at $ 5,800 a tonne .
* SHFE : Shanghai Futures Exchange copper dropped 0.9 percent to 47,200 yuan ( $ 6,843 ) a tonne . ShFE zinc fell 2.4 percent , dragged down by weakness in steel and also after news that two mines hit by floods in Peru were ready to restart .
* U.S. ECONOMY : U.S. job growth slowed sharply in March amid continued layoffs in the embattled retail sector , but a drop in the unemployment rate to a near 10-year low of 4.5 percent suggested labour market strength remained intact .
* NORTH KOREA : A U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force , a U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday , as concerns grow about North Korea 's advancing weapons programme .
* ZINC MINE : Peruvian miner Milpo , controlled by Brazilian group Votorantim Metais , said on Friday it could restart operations at two mines over the weekend if there were no new restrictions to roads affected by flooding .
* PHILIPPINES : A suspended Philippine nickel miner has asked President Rodrigo Duterte to allow it to ship ore stockpiles after some cargoes were seized as tensions escalated over a required fee it claimed was illegal .
* PERU : Peru , fresh off a sharp rise in copper output , is upstaging top producer Chile as a prime place to hunt for new supplies as the historic rivals race to usher in new mines .
* COPPER SPECULATORS : Hedge funds and money managers cut their net long position in copper futures and options by 6,600 contracts to 54,173 , U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission data showed on Friday . That was the first cut in three weeks .
* COPPER ARSENIC : Ecometales , a unit of Chile 's state-run Codelco is in talks with smelters in Europe and China to share its technology for stabilising arsenic while processing lower-quality copper ore , an executive said on Friday .
* For the top stories in metals and other news , click or
* MARKETS : Asian stocks are set for a cautious start on Monday as increased geopolitical risks combined with expensive valuations prompt investors to shun risky assets in favour of safe-haven bets such as government debt .
DATA AHEAD ( GMT )
0830 Euro zone Sentix index Apr
1400 U.S. Employment trends Mar
PRICES
Three month LME copper
Most active ShFE copper
Three month LME aluminium
Most active ShFE aluminium
Three month LME zinc
Most active ShFE zinc
Three month LME lead
Most active ShFE lead
Three month LME nickel
Most active ShFE nickel
Three month LME tin
Most active ShFE tin
ARBS ( $ 1 = 6.8978 Chinese yuan renminbi )
( Reporting by Melanie Burton ; Editing by Joseph Radford )
New Delhi [ India ] , Feb 3 ( ANI ) : Foreign exchange reserves saw a USD three billion surges to USD 417.789 billion in the week to January 26 , the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) stated .
The present rise , the RBI claimed , was attributable to the rise in foreign currency assets .
Over the past four-odd weeks , foreign exchange reserves have been rallying continuously , following a temporary dip in October .
Earlier , foreign exchange reserves registered a new high of USD 414.784 billion in the week to January 19 .
Meanwhile , the RBI said gold reserves remained unchanged at 20.421 billion dollars . ( ANI )
The BBC has released its first full series in 4K Ultra HD and with HLG ( HDR ) wider colours and contrast too .
The entire seven-episode series of Blue Planet II is now available on BBC iPlayer to stream in 4K HDR on compatible televisions .
It 's not the first time the BBC put 4K HDR content on the catch-up service , that accolade goes to a trial clip of Planet Earth 2 , but it is the first time an entire series , or even an entire episode , has been made available to stream .
It 's all been made possible thanks to Hybrid Log Gamma , the HDR format developed by the BBC and Japanese broadcaster NHK . It should , one day , also make it possible to broadcast live 4K HDR programmes . Hybrid Log Gamma also makes it possible for those with non-HDR 4K TVs to still get an HDR-like picture , so long as it supports the BT.2020 colour gamut .
The Beeb says streaming Blue Planet II in 4K HDR using HLG presents `` the most natural colours possible on a television at home . ''
To be able to watch the 4K HDR version of Blue Planet II , you will need a compatible TV and a decent broadband connection .
Compatible sets include 2015 , 2016 and 2017 models from Panasonic , LG , Hisense , Philips , Samsung and Sony . A complete list can be found here .
Alternatively , Sky Q will be able to stream Blue Planet II in 4K too , just not with HLG technology .
If you do have one of the supporting TVs , start the BBC iPlayer application and you should see this screen pop-up :
If so , select `` Watch in UHD '' and the first episode will start to play . If you want to jump to any of the other six episodes , click on `` 6 more episodes '' in the bottom left-hand corner of the on-screen menu and you will be presented with the rest of the series in UHD .
As with any other programme or series on BBC iPlayer , Blue Planet II in 4K HDR will only be available for 30 days , up to 9 January . It will then be available to buy on 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray the following week , from 15 January , which also , naturally , sports HDR pictures .
0 Florida city says homeowners ca n't have house painted like Van Gogh 's ‘ Starry Night '
MOUNT DORA , Fla. - A Florida couple is fighting their city over the painting of their house .
Nancy Nemhauser and their husband Lubomir Jastrzebski had painted a wall that rings their property . They had permission to paint it from city officials . They had the plan to paint it as a mural for their son , who has autism . They hoped that if they were lost , it would be a beacon , or at least a landmark , to help them find their way home , the “ Today ” show reported .
But after the mural was done , the family got a ticket from the city saying that the paint was graffiti and that it must match the house . The city then said that the paint scheme was a sign , and a code violation in a residential area , WFTV reported .
> > Read more trending news
So instead of covering up the painting , they took the Van Gogh tribute a step further and painted the entire house so the wall and home would match as they were told to do , “ Today ” reported .
But the city did n't agree with what they did and has fined them more than $ 10,000 for the paint scheme . A local magistrate ruled in February that the city could fine the couple , WFTV reported . The fines were stopped at the end of February after a federal judge granted a temporary restraining order against Mount Dora , WFTV reported .
But the family is now turning the tables on the city , suing the local government in federal court , saying their right to freedom of expression is being violated , “ Today ” reported .
`` There 's art on other homes , other buildings in the city , in the residential district as well , so why are we being chastised for ours when we did what we were told we had to do to keep the wall that our son loves , '' Nemhauser told WFTV .
This house is painted to look like `` Starry Night '' — but not everyone is pleased https : //t.co/8GJXxShBHt — TODAY ( @ TODAYshow ) April 24 , 2018
The city did not respond to “ Today 's ” request for comment on the suit , but said in February that leaders are trying to “ preserve the residential character of our neighborhoods. ” They added that the house could be a distraction to drivers .
Both sides are trying to settle , but whether the painting will have to be covered has not been determined . But the family says they 're ready to stand up for their rights .
Reaction to the mural is split -- some love it , others do n't .
“ I think it 's fantastic , ” Ilka Zuijderland-Varnes told “ Today. ” “ I think it 's art , and we 're an artsy town , and it should stay . ”
But another resident , Tammy Swan Bacon , said they do n't like it , but says the city should not make the family take it down , “ Today ” reported .
City officials said in February that the city is also considering putting a lien on the property to `` motivate '' the homeowners to remove the mural , WFTV.com .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Experts Say Colon Cancer Screenings Should Start at 45 , Not 50 The advice comes from the American Cancer Society ( ACS ) , which released a statement on Wednesday . The group ‘ s scientists found that rates of rectal and colon cancer have increased 51 percent among young and middle-aged adults under 50 since 1994 . The ACS urged those with a family history of colorectal cancers or those who suffer from inflammatory bowel disease to begin testing even earlier than 45 . Statistics show that deaths from colon cancer have decreased in adults over 50 because they are encouraged to commit to screenings to help catch and remove polyps before they become cancerous .
The people injured in a serious , three-vehicle collision at Nafziger Road and Highway 7/8 intersection on Oct. 3 are expected to make a full recovery .
While the driver of one sedan suffered minor injuries , the car 's passenger was in critical condition and needed to be airlifted to a Hamilton hospital . Once there , doctors concluded they were not life-threatening .
According to the OPP , the accident was caused at 11:15 a.m. by one vehicle turning left onto Nafziger , cutting off traffic coming the other way .
All three vehicles — two sedans and an SUV — sustained significant damage . The hood of one car was stuck open , while another had a broken windshield and was badly crumpled around the driver 's door .
UNDER-fire England stalwart James Anderson has hit back at their critics after a heavy nine-wicket defeat against Pakistan at Lord 's .
Former captain Michael Vaughan suggested this week either Anderson or fellow paceman Stuart Broad should be dropped to send a ‘ wake-up ' call to the squad .
The veteran paceman responded to the pressure on Wednesday , defending the way they have bowled to 535 Test wickets .
LIVE Stream the England v Pakistan Test Series on FOX SPORTS . SIGN UP NOW >
Camera Icon James Anderson defended their place in the England side after Michael Vaughan called for them to be dropped . Picture : AAP
‘ MAKE A BOLD CALL ' : LEGEND URGES ENGLAND TO CLEAN HOUSE
GILLY : ‘ NO NATION IS IMMUNE ' TO SPOT-FIXING IN CRICKET
GILLY : THE BIZARRE TEST ALL JUSTIN LANGER 'S PLAYERS MUST PASS
“ We watched Pakistan bowl at us and could see what lengths worked on that pitch , so [ the criticism is ] just something I 'll try and block out , ” they told The Telegraph .
“ Some people think they might know better than me but I 'd like to think that , after 15 years of playing Test cricket , I know which lengths to bowl on certain pitches . ”
Anderson dismissed Vaughan 's suggestion that either they or Broad should make way in the side , saying the pair are doing the best they can to turn England 's form around .
“ We 've 950 Test wickets between us ... I know we 've been on a really bad run of form this winter and the first Test here , and I think in these situations you need players to stand up and put in match-winning performances . ”
England are facing their third consecutive Test series defeat after losing to Pakistan at Lord 's .
The second and final Test of the series starts at Headingley on Friday night .
Anderson said the side is low on confidence going into the Test , but insisted the best 12 cricketers in the nation had been named in the side .
Camera Icon Anderson dismissed Vaughan 's suggestion that either they or Stuart Broad should make way in the side . Picture : Getty Images
However , they spoke before all-rounder Ben Stokes sustained a left hamstring injury during fielding practice .
Stokes is yet to have a scan but will be assessed by England medical staff on Thursday .
Uncapped Surrey left-arm swing bowler Sam Curran has received a late call-up as cover for Stokes .
With AFP
Louth County Council have confirmed that they will construct a brand-new municipal athletics track at Muirhevnamor Park - and hope to have it open to the public by 2020 .
The new facility – which will be available to members of the public and local athletic teams once completed – will be owned and run by the local authority .
However , news that the decision has been made to locate the new athletics track in Muirhevnamor Park has proved a hammer blow to long held ambitions to build a cycling velodrome . Those plans are dead in the water , for now at least .
“ This is a good news story , ” Senior Engineer John O'Hagan told the Dundalk Municipal District meeting last week . “ The track will be available for full use of the public and athletic clubs in the town and also schools .
O'Hagan said that design will be completed over the next few months and the grass track will include associated sporting facilities , such as a long jump runway and pit .
Funding of €92,500 has been secured towards the installation of the track with match funding also going towards the total spend in phase one .
The track will be located at the south west end of Muirhavnamor Park , at the Hoey 's Lane side . Speaking at the meeting , the engineer said , “ This is the right location within the park and indeed Dundalk for this . ”
In response to a question about the veldrome , O'Hagan said , “ There are no immediate plans for a velodrome . ”
Asked whether the athletic track and velodrome was an ‘ either or ' situation , they said , “ Yes , we did n't receive backing or funding for a velodrome .
“ This is phase one . All other phases will be subject to funding which are absolutely not available at this time . The work now is to put in the track and secure it in some way .
“ Any future developments beyond a provision of a grass athletic track , which are not buildings , they would then form part of a Part 8 process sometime in the future . ”
The athletic track will be built on the area originally earmarked for the velodrome in preliminary plans . While Green Party councillor Mark Dearey aired their delight at the news , they did suggest consideration was given into revisiting the velodrome in the future .
“ I would be a real hame if we inadvertently made it impossible to realise that dream in the future , ” they said .
Peter Savage also said they supported the velodrome idea going forward . “ For a town the size of Dundalk , there should be a track [ but ] I think the velodrome is a realistic goal . ”
The Fianna Fail councillor expressed their unhappiness that the track will be grass , rather than a tartan all-weather synthetic track . “ I 'm not enthusiastic about it at all . It raises concerns about injury due to a lack of maintenance . We should set our sights on a tartan track . ”
O'Hagan said that while the hope is that the first athletes can use the track within two years , the entire project could take five to six years to complete .
“ The athletic clubs fully support this and are delighted to get to this stage . Tartan tracks cost €100,000s compared to the budget we have currently available .
“ This is only the start of putting in place a regional municipal facility that can host regional , national or international events , ” they added .
Last December , the Dundalk Athletics Association – comprising of St Peter 's AC , Mountpleasant AC , Blackrock AC , St Gerard 's AC , Dun Dealgan AC and North-East Runners – receiving capital funding for a new athletic track , having applied in conjunction with DkIT Sport and Louth County Council .
Originally , a nine-acre site between DkIT Sport and the Finnabair Industrial Estate on the Coes Road was earmarked for the development .
Whether you are planning to entertain or simply want your carpets looking their best , nothing will give you the results that hiring a professional will ! No matter what chemicals you use , how often you vacuum or how much effort you put into it , it 's just not the same . Learn more about what professional cleaners can do for you in the following article .
Pour plain baking soda on a fresh spill and let it sit for a few minutes . Do not rush to soak up the baking soda , but rather , wait until it begins to foam and bubble . After a few minutes have passed , proceed to wipe it , and the stain , off of the carpet !
Get quotes on having your carpet treatment with a stain repelling solution . The most common product used is referred to as Scotch Guard , but there are others out there that work great as well . This type of product can put a protective layer on your carpet , preventing stains from penetrating as long as you soak it up right away .
Make sure that the carpet cleaning company tests out the products they are about to use . Do n't skip this step as some solutions cause permanent staining . By doing this test you will be sure to save some money and time and it will only take you a couple of minutes .
Ask any company that you contact about carpet cleaning if they have special chemicals for your high traffic areas . In most cases your carpet will be quite clean in every area other than these , so you will likely only need the powerful stuff to be used here . If they do not have such a service you should consider using a different company .
When hiring your carpet cleaning company , ask about any extra charges . Many companies offer cleaning of a few rooms for a base price , but there are many extras that are not included in that price . Things like high traffic areas , excessive staining , areas with stairs and even special types of carpets might cost you extra . Avoid surprises by finding out about these things in advance .
If you have a grease stain on your rug , sprinkle some flour on it and place a piece of paper over the flour . This process will pull the grease out of the carpet and onto the paper within 30 minutes . Act immediately when this happens , as you do not want the grease to set in .
When something is spilled or dropped on the carpet , it is important to take care of the stains as soon as possible . The biggest mistake people make is letting a stain set before they clean it up . Make sure you have cleaning solution on hand and take care of messes immediately .
Carefully hide any valuables prior to having a carpet cleaning company in your home . Sure , most companies thoroughly screen their employees before hiring them , but you never know who may slip through the cracks . You could put these items in your car 's trunk or in a safe , if you have one .
Ask the people you know about hiring a professional carpet cleaning service . Acquaintances in your life could know of a good carpet cleaner for you . However , people close to you will probably be able to give you the best advice .
When it comes time to hire professional carpet cleaners , seek referrals from individuals whose homes you have found to be particularly clean and tidy . By soliciting recommendations in this way , you stand a good chance of finding a cleaning firm that maintains the very highest standards of service and professionalism . Your family and your carpets will thank you for it !
If you have any special requests or other factors which may affect your cleaning , tell the company right away . For example , pet stains , kids in the house , certain types of carpets and having large furnishings in the way all can impact the job . Tell them every detail to avoid surprises later .
Before you decide on a company to clean the carpets in your home , make sure that you get an estimate from at least three companies . Understand what is included in the price and what kinds of guarantees are given for the work . A reputable company will come back to your home and fix any issues if stains show up after work is done .
Did you spill some wax on your carpet ? Find a dry and absorbent towel and place it over the stain . Apply a hot iron over the towel to melt the wax while applying pressure over the stain with the towel . The wax should transfer to the towel within a few minutes .
Remember , simply because you saw an advertisement for a cleaning company that quoted one particular fee , that does n't mean that you will get that deal . Call the company first and discuss pricing . They may have `` fine print '' built into their offer , and your home might not qualify for the low rate . Always know what you are getting into .
It can be difficult indeed to keep carpeted floors looking fresh and free of stains . Until you familiarize yourself with professional carpet cleaning techniques and services , the job will likely remain almost impossible . With any luck , the information and advice found above has gotten you off to a great start in terms of improving the appearance and feel of your home .
A US family have been reunited with their beloved dog after they ran away 10 years ago .
A US family have been reunited with their beloved dog after they ran away 10 years ago .
A family in the US has been reunited with its dog 10 years after they went missing .
Debra Suierveld and their family assumed their dog Abby had died after they ran away in 2008 from their home in Apollo , but decade-old sadness turned to joy on Saturday when Suierveld received word someone had found the dog .
The black Labrador mix showed up on George Speiring 's front porch in Lower Burrell , 16km west of Apollo . Speiring contacted Animal Protectors of Allegheny Valley , which discovered the dog 's microchip and was able to contact Suierveld .
Someone had taken good care of Abby over the years . Abby is in great health and remembers things the family taught her , Suierveld said .
`` She would lie on the floor and cross their paws , and they remember my daughter 's commands , and they remember the commands I taught her , '' Suierveld told KDKA-TV .
Suierveld called their 22-year-old daughter , who is a student at Miami University , in Oxford , Ohio , to share the news .
`` She cried , '' Suierveld told the Tribune-Review .
Suierveld 's family has planned a reunion dinner on Sunday to welcome Abby back .
`` It feels like a part of my kids ' childhood is back , part of our family is back , '' Suierveld said . `` It 's pretty awesome . ''
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Jim Carrey is being criticized on social media for a portrait they painted that is believed to be White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders .
The actor and comedian on Saturday tweeted the painting with the caption : “ This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked . Monstrous ! ”
This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked . Monstrous ! pic.twitter.com/MeYLTy1pqb — Jim Carrey ( @ JimCarrey ) March 17 , 2018
Some Twitter users accused Carrey of shaming because of the unflattering portrait . Others were critical of their use of Christian .
A spokesperson for Carrey confirms it is their painting . But they would not confirm it is Sanders .
The White House has not returned a message seeking comment .
Scroll for more content ...
President Donald Trump ordered American flags to be lowered to half-staff through Tuesday to honor of the victims of last week 's deadly shooting at an Annapolis , Maryland , newspaper .
The city 's mayor , Gavin Buckley , said the request was initially denied .
Five people were killed and two were injured on Thursday in a `` targeted attack '' on the Capital Gazette newspaper by a gunman with a grudge against the paper , authorities have said . Buckley told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin on Tuesday that their office asked the White House to order the lowering of American flags around Friday and the request was denied .
Buckley initially told the Gazette they were `` obviously '' disappointed about the White House 's decision not to lower the flags .
`` Is there a cutoff for tragedy ? '' Buckley told the Gazette .
Asked about reports of the denial , White House press secretary Sarah Sanders told CNN on Tuesday morning that `` as soon as the President directly heard the request made by the mayor , they asked that we reach out and verify that the mayor had made the request . When we did , the President asked that the flags be lowered immediately . ''
Sanders also said they spoke to Buckley Monday night to inform them of the President 's decision , adding that they were `` not sure about the process '' which led to Buckley 's claim that their request was initially denied .
`` But there 's certain protocol that was followed . It was -- but when the President heard about the mayor 's specific request to him , they fulfilled the mayor 's request in order for the flags to be lowered , '' they added .
Buckley told CNN on Tuesday afternoon that they did n't know the protocol for making the request .
`` I thought that was just something that I could do as mayor , but we found out that was n't true . We understood that maybe the lines of communication might have been down over the weekend , so we waited for the weekend to pass and then we waited throughout Monday , and then on Monday afternoon we were told that it had not been -- it was n't going to happen , '' they said .
`` We 're not trying to blame anybody particularly , but this community needs to heal and it needs to see that we care , and they do n't know the protocol of a flag . They just see that it is not at half-staff , '' they remarked , adding that feelings are still `` very raw '' for the community .
CORRECTION : A previous version of this story mischaracterized Buckley 's response to Trump 's initial decision to not lower flags following the shooting .
Sports columnist Bob Brookover joined the Inquirer in 2000 as the Phillies beat writer after long stints in the same role with the Camden Courier-Post and the Delaware County Daily Times . They also served as the National League columnist for ESPN . They made the move from rawhide to pigskin in 2003 and covered the Eagles for seven years before returning to their roots as the Inquirer 's baseball columnist in 2010 . They became a general sports columnist in 2013 and loves covering a variety of sports and events .
Having completed a four-game sweep that knocked the Pittsburgh Pirates out of first place in the National League Central , the Phillies will step up in class when they begin a three-game series against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night at Citizens Bank Park . The Diamondbacks are the Phillies ' first opponent this season that made the playoffs last season , but more than that , the Snakes come to town with the best record in the National League , 15-6 .
The Diamondbacks , led by slugger Paul Goldschmidt , had one of the best offensive teams in the majors last season , but so far this year , their pitching staff is carrying them . They are hitting just .225 and are in the middle of the pack with 95 runs scored , but their pitching staff 's 2.75 ERA is tied for third in the majors and the best in the National League . The Philies are second in the league with a 3.01 ERA .
Zack Greinke ( 2-1 , 4.13 ERA ) is the biggest name among the Arizona starters , and Jake Arrieta ( 2-0 , 2.04 ) will face them Wednesday night . Arizona 's best starter has been lefty Patrick Corbin ( 4-0 , 1.89 ) , but the Phillies will not have to face him . They will face Robbie Ray ( 2-0 , 4.98 ) Tuesday night and Matt Koch ( 0-0 , 1.13 in one start and one relief appearance ) Thursday . Vince Velasquez ( 1-2 , 3.80 ) will pitch for the Phillies on Tuesday and Ben Lively ( 0-1 , 4.64 ) will pitch on Thursday . The Diamondbacks ' greatest strength has been their bullpen , which has a major-league-best 1.88 ERA and has converted all eight of the team 's save opportunities . Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo , whose big-league career ended with the Phillies in 1999 , has used nine relievers this season , and none has an ERA higher than 3.00 .
You 're signed up to get this newsletter in your inbox every weekday during the Phillies season . If you like what you 're reading , tell your friends it 's free to sign up here . I want to know what you think , what we should add , and what you want to read , so send me feedback by email or on Twitter @ brookob . Thank you for reading .
— Bob Brookover ( extrainnings @ philly.com )
Maikel Franco watch
We knew when the Phillies decided to sign Scott Kingery to a six-year deal and keep them on the opening-day roster that the rookie was going to cut into the playing time of some of the regulars . We now also know that the greatest impact has been on third baseman Maikel Franco . Kingery has made six starts at third base this season , and five of them have come when the Phillies were facing righthanded pitchers .
With the Phillies facing a lefty in Robbie Ray on Tuesday night , Franco figures to be back in the lineup . Franco has started all five times the Phillies have faced a lefty this season and has done quite well against them , hitting .400 with two home runs and 13 RBIs in those five games . In their 10 starts against righthanders , Franco is hitting just .158 with a .233 on-base percentage . Given that knowledge and the fact they are 1 for 10 in their career against Arizona 's scheduled Wednesday night starter , Zack Greinke , it would not be surprising to see Franco back on the bench for the second game of the series .
Here 's the thing : Franco 's career does not show any significant distinction between their splits against righthanders and lefthanders . Last year , in fact , they were better against righthanders . They have a .236 career average and a .745 OPS against lefthanders and a .719 OPS against righthanders . If I had to place a bet , however , I 'd guess that Kingery will continue to get significant time at third base when the Phillies face tough righthanders , especially ones with nasty breaking balls .
The rundown
Jake Arrieta , the Phillies ' prized free-agent addition during spring training , takes their role as a mentor to the younger starters seriously , and they have helped the trio of Nick Pivetta , Vince Velasquez and Ben Lively . But Arrieta told our Scott Lauber that they also have been energized by watching their young teammates pitch . They are especially motivated by watching the work of Aaron Nola .
Important dates
Today : Vince Velasquez vs. Robbie Ray , 7:05 p.m .
Tomorrow : Jake Arrieta vs. Zack Greinke , 7:05 p.m .
Thursday : You can watch the 1:05 p.m. game only on Facebook
Friday : Phillies open a three-game series vs. Atlanta , 7:05 p.m .
Stat of the day
The Diamondbacks were hopeful that third baseman Jake Lamb would be back for the start of the series against the Phillies , but elbow inflammation will extend their time on the disabled list . Lamb has not played since April 2 because of a shoulder injury . They have been a Phillies killer over the years . In 17 career games against the Phillies , they have a .344 average with five home runs , 14 RBIs and a 1.114 OPS . The lefthanded-hitting third baseman is also batting .400 ( 10 for 25 ) against the Phillies ' three schedule starters in this series . Devin Marrero , Lamb 's primary replacement at third base , is hitting .219 with one extra-base hit .
From the mailbag
Hi Bob . Can you help me understand the Phillies ' high strikeout rate this year ? The K-K-K-K train keeps rolling . The team struck out 12 times Sunday vs. only 8 hits and 3 runs . On Saturday , it was 10 Ks vs. 7 hits and 6 runs . On Friday , it was only 5 Ks vs. 8 hits and 2 runs . My tally shows 161 hits so far thru Sunday vs. 211 whiffs , or about 30 % more Ks than hits . Is this disparity normal ? We 're striking out at over a .300 rate , which seems abnormally high . Sure we swept the Pirates , but the Ks are like a leak in a bucket ; sooner or later , the water is gone .
Ken C .
Answer : There 's no question , Ken , that the Phillies are striking out a lot . They have whiffed on 30 percent of their at-bats this season . Only San Diego , at 30.2 percent , has struck out at a higher rate . The Phillies , however , are doing other things so well that it is helping them compensate for that strikeout rate . They are , for instance , drawing 4.7 walks per game , the best rate in baseball , which is why they have a .325 on-base percentage , which ranks sixth in the National League despite a .230 batting average that is 10th in the league . The Phillies also lead the majors in pitches seen per at-bat and are third in the National League at five runs per game . The Phillies ' approach at the plate most mirrors that of the Astros , but they have not been as productive as Houston and their strikeout rate is part of the reason .
Send questions by email or on Twitter @ brookob .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
It 's going to be wet and wild for parts of the upper North Island today .
And there 's already one casualty - Woof ! The Auckland Pride Dog Show . The annual doggie-dress up and cat walk was due to take place at Western Park , in Ponsonby , at 1pm today , but has been postponed until the same time next Saturday .
Metservice this morning posted a severe weather watch for heavy rain in Auckland , Great Barrier Island , the Coromandel Peninsula and parts of Northland south of Whangarei .
The watch begins at 10am and continues until midnight .
Advertisement
There was also a moderate risk of thunderstorms from late morning through into the evening for Auckland , Coromandel Peninsula and southern Northland .
That included the risk of localised rainfall rates of 10 to 25mm a hour . There was a low risk of severe thunderstorms producing downpours of 25 to 40mm a hour .
There is a risk of thunderstorms in the upper North Island today . Image / Metservice
A lesser risk of thunderstorms extended over the remainder of Northland and also northern Waikato , Metservice said on its website .
The wild weather was the result of a small but intense low set to move across the upper North Island today , it said .
There was a possibility rainfall accumulations in the areas under a heavy rain watch could reach short duration warning criteria , such as 70mm in 12 hours .
Metservice meteorologist Tui McInnes said the effects of the low would linger through tomorrow and into Monday , with widespread wet weather , but there would be a big improvement by Waitangi Day .
While there would be some isolated showers in inland areas of the country , most would enjoy a dry day .
`` It will feel a lot nicer to a lot of people . ''
Waitangi itself would be partly cloudy with the possibility of the odd shower . A temperature of 26C is expected .
The weather will be similar in our biggest city , with only a 1C drop in temperature , with a high of 25C expected in Auckland on Waitangi Day .
The highs reflected a country-wide dip in temperatures to the early to mid-20s this week , after a hot January .
The cool change may feel autumnal to some , but settled and warm weather looks to be making a return next week , McInnes said .
`` It looks like we enter a period of warmer than average temperatures . ''
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
Galleries
Beauty
Collection
Alexandre Vauthier 's mission has always been hooked on a less sacred , more approachable take on couture . But he 's never let go of their passion for the genre 's Eighties heyday , and the codes of the couturier greats .
Here their homage took on a Rue Cambon flavor , with looks pairing black boater hats , tailored jackets , white shirts and black satin bows conjuring a young Inès de La Fressange .
Vauthier backstage described it as a celebration of the savoir-faire of France 's métiers d'art .
“ When it 's pleated , it 's Lognon ; when there are feathers , it 's Lemarié ; when it 's embroidered , it 's Lesage ; all the hats are Maison Michel , the jewelry is Goossens , ” they said .
Among the most labor-intensive pieces , 1,850 hours of handiwork had gone into the vivid disco gowns embroidered with tiny crystals . They caught the light . But more exquisite were the gleaming , jet-embroidered bustier minidress and a tiered black gown interspersing ruffled lace and sheer panels , a satin ribbon streaming down the front .
Breaking the old-glamour vibe — a little too abruptly — were the baggy fabric boots that resembled cut-off pants , and the tulle-edged PVC minis and skirts .
The craftsmanship — from the dramatic sprays of cock feathers used as shoulder accents or covering a dress , to the gowns in glittering embroidered tiger-striped motifs — was impressive . It heightened the luxe factor in a collection strong on striking evening gowns , even if did n't break new ground .
Yahoo Finance 's Alexis Christoforous and Jared Blikre break down first quarter revised GDP and May ADP Payrolls .
Performance of all Dow component stocks as of 10:00 am ET :
XOM Exxon Mobil 79.81
JPM JPMorgan Chase & Co 107.15
INTC Intel Corp 55.91
CVX Chevron Corp 122.58
PFE Pfizer Inc 36.05
TRV The Travelers Companies Inc 129.30
BA Boeing Co 355.30
MMM 3M Co 197.13
AXP American Express Co 98.40
UNH UnitedHealth Grp Inc 243.83
MRK Merck & Co 58.76
IBM Intl Business Machines Corp 142.01
DWDP DowDuPont Inc 64.25
DIS Disney ( Walt ) Co 100.11
V Visa Inc 130.18
GS Goldman Sachs Grp 227.88
KO Coca-Cola Co 42.81
VZ Verizon Communications 48.37
MSFT Microsoft Corp 98.29
MCD McDonald 's Corp 161.07
NKE Nike Inc Cl B 71.13
UTX United Technologies 125.44
JNJ Johnson & Johnson 119.69
CAT Caterpillar Inc 153.88
WMT Wal-Mart Stores 82.53
CSCO Cisco Systems 43.01
PG Procter & Gamble Co 74.10
HD Home Depot Inc 184.93
AAPL ( HB ) Apple Inc 186.95
GE General Electric Co 14.11
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
POCONO TOWNSHIP , Pa. -- Blame it on the Ambien .
Comedian Roseanne Barr says they had taken the drug for insomnia before they wrote an offensive tweet about a former advisor to President Barack Obama .
`` I just think that it 's really racist to be honest , and they just has to go , you know what I 'm saying ? ” said Haki Rushing of Tobyhanna Township .
The company that makes Ambien , Sanofi tweeted a response , saying in part :
`` ... racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . ''
People of all races , religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world . While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . — Sanofi US ( @ SanofiUS ) May 30 , 2018
`` It 's hilarious . It 's crazy . I agree with them . I totally agree with them . That 's not an excuse for racism . There 's people with all types of medications everywhere . That 's no excuse , ” said Kaseem Cadet of Tobyhanna Township .
Sanofi Pasteur is the vaccines division of the pharmaceutical company . Its U.S headquarters is located in Swiftwater . Ambien is produced at another Sanofi facility .
`` I think anything they say is factual and would just be based strictly off their tests and information based on their experiments , ” said Michael Gay of Cresco .
Roseanne Barr has deleted their tweet about Ambien , but people Newswatch 16 spoke with say the damage is done . They are not sure how their career will survive this .
`` Racism should not exist in the first place , so yeah , I definitely agree , and it 's good they kicked them off and canceled their show , ” said Martyna Bielawska of Tobyhanna Township .
ABC executives have canceled `` Roseanne '' because of the controversy , but they say it 's too early to say if they can reboot the show without Roseanne Barr . That may be a possibility .
SANTA CLARA , Calif. ( AP ) — While the Seattle Seahawks started pulling starters late in the game to prepare for the playoffs next week , the focus for the San Francisco 49ers is already onto next season .
The Seahawks wrapped up a fifth-straight 10-win season by beating the 49ers 25-23 but missed a chance at a first-round bye when Atlanta won its game on Sunday .
With the Falcons leading big late , Seattle coach Pete Carroll pulled quarterback Russell Wilson and other key starters to make sure they are healthy and rested for the playoff opener next weekend against Detroit .
“ I did n't know the situation with the Atlanta thing , ” Wilson said . “ I guess they took us all out once we figured out they won or were winning by a lot . I do n't think it 's a bad decision .
NFC West champion Seattle ( 10-5-1 ) will be the third seed and open the playoffs at home .
The 49ers ( 2-14 ) announced after the game that coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke had both been fired after the team matched the franchise record for losses in a season previously reached in 1978 , '79 and 2004 .
“ When we lose like we did and have a season like we had , changes are made or can be made , ” receiver Torrey Smith said . “ That 's from coaches to players . It 's all of us . We were all a part of the problem . That 's why our record is what it was . ”
Here are some other takeaways from the game :
BOYKIN STEPS UP : With Wilson out , the Seahawks turned the game over to Trevone Boykin . The backup responded by converting a pair of third downs with Seattle protecting a two-point lead to help run out the clock .
“ Trevone was able to get in there and do so well , ” Wilson said . “ That 's an exciting thing for our football team . That was great . ”
KAP 'S FUTURE : Colin Kaepernick went 17 for 22 for 215 yards and a TD in a solid performance that could be their last with San Francisco . Kaepernick can opt out of their contract this offseason and become a free agent .
“ There will be a lot of things that play into that and I 'll have to really think about those things as this offseason approaches , ” they said .
JUMP BALL : The Seahawks offense was struggling a bit before turning it around with two deep passes late in the second quarter . Doug Baldwin made a leaping grab of the first for a 41-yard gain that got the drive started . Jimmy Graham then boxed out safety Antoine Bethea at the goal line for a 42-yard grab that set up Thomas Rawls ' 1-yard run that gave Seattle the lead for good at 19-14 .
“ We have a 7-foot-2 tight end that can jump out the roof so you want to give them a chance , ” Wilson said . “ Obviously it was a scramble . They went deep and made a great , great catch and boxed out the guy . ”
QUICK CHANGE : The 49ers became the first team in nearly four decades to fire coaches in successive years after just one-year tenures . The only other time that happened since the 1970 merger came when San Francisco fired Monte Clark after the 1976 season and Ken Meyer the following year . The Niners then fired Pete McCulley midway through the following season and interim coach Fred O'Connor after the year before hiring Bill Walsh to start a dynasty that featured five Super Bowl titles .
“ You want to build that camaraderie , know who you 're going to work with every single day , ” linebacker NaVorro Bowman said . “ To be going with so many in such a short time is tough . You have to be a professional and understand that 's part of this lifestyle . ”
ROOKIE RUNNER : With starter Thomas Rawls trying to play through injuries , the Seahawks need some more help at running back . Rookie Alex Collins , who ran for just 70 yards the first 15 weeks , made a case for that role with seven carries for 55 yards .
“ I come into the game with the mindset of whatever they want me to do , I 'll do it , ” they said . “ Whether it be one , 10 , 15 or 20 ( carries ) , I 'm just going to do it to the best of my ability . ”
___
For more NFL coverage : www.pro32.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Will Witt , a social media influencer , joins ‘ Fox & Friends First ' in asking Americans “ why we celebrate the Fourth of July . ”
RELATED CONTENT
Watch Live : Fourth of July celebrations across the country , President Trump hosts picnic for military families
President Trump wishes U.S. a happy Fourth of July
Conservative Rep. Jim Jordan denies they ignored alleged sex abuse
Police ID woman found dead in Delray Beach
Woman,92 , shot and killed son who tried putting them in nursing home , says police
Church puts baby Jesus in a cage as a statement about family separations
PRETORIA - South Africa 's Public Enterprises Minister Lynne Brown has approved power utility Eskom 's application to purchase additional renewable energy from independent power producers , the department announced on Friday .
“ The conclusion of the Power Purchase Agreements ( PPAs ) to enable the implementation of the outstanding projects under bid Windows 3.5 , 4 and 4.5 of the Renewable Energy Independent Power Producers Programme ( REIPPP ) is critical to implementation of the national energy policy as articulated in the Integrated Resource Plan of 2010 , ” said Brown in a statement .
In January , Eskom submitted an application to Brown , under Section 54 of the Public Finances Management Act , to purchase the additional energy .
Brown approved that application on Friday .
“ South Africans have reason to feel very proud of the progress the country has made adding renewable energy to the energy mix . There are risks to Eskom 's financial and operational stability in the medium term , among others , that must be mitigated . We are committed to reducing our carbon footprint , ” said Brown .
“ I have requested Eskom to work expediently to implement the decision and avoid further delays . I have also written to the ministers of energy and of finance requesting that we discuss how to address Eskom 's genuine concerns through expediting a revision of the Government Support Framework Agreement . ''
They said finalising amendments to the National Energy Regulation Act would enable Eskom and National Energy Regulator ( NERSA ) to efficiently and effectively resolve deadlocks relating to tariffs and regulatory frameworks by including a pre-determined appeal mechanism .
ALSO READ : Eskom 's Koko faces new charges
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( WIVB ) — If you did n't get a good night 's sleep , you may be a little groggy .
A new study reveals a simple change in your bedroom could provide a big benefit . That change involves lights .
You can see the difference in the these two lamps :
On the left is a lamp with a normal fluorescent bulb . It 's bluish . On the right , you can see the special LED night bulb .
Researchers claim that replacing regular light bulbs with the special bulb that emits less blue light could get you to fall asleep faster .
The LED bulb can selectively reduce the blue light , and ultimately boost your melatonin .
The bulbs can reduce your alertness and help you get sleepy .
Michael Breus is a clinical psychologist and specialist in sleep medicine .
They say the Good Night light bulb runs for about 25 dollars .
“ It 's available on Amazon , and in my studies , I found other things besides light bulbs that can help with this blue light exposure at night , ” Breus said .
There 's a computer program called “ Flux . ”
You may also want to experiment with apps on your phone to change the color setting . Apple has a new “ night shift ” option you can use .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NORTH RICHLAND HILLS -- Believe it or not , the choir singing in this video is not singing a cover song .
`` We love the music , the reason we had the movement was because we love it , singing is in our hearts , '' says fourth grader in the Honor Choir at NRH International Leadership of Texas , Sada Kanakoqui .
`` It helps you be focused , '' says fifth grader , Kenzie Harris . `` Because when you ` re singing you don ` t think about anything else , and it just calms you down . ''
`` We started writing songs last spring , we wrote a thousand songs between January and June , '' explains the K-5 Music Director , Joe Rine .
You heard that right - Rine says 9 , 10 , and 11-year-olds are writing their own music !
`` Those songs were being used from North Carolina to Colorado , we were hearing teachers all over the United States say 'we ` re using your songs ! ' '' they say .
North Carolina and Colorado aren ` t the only states taking note .
`` At a parent meeting for Beauty and the Beast , '' they explain . `` New York called and said would you like to join Indianapolis and the Russian Children ` s Choir , to come over to New York for the International Children ` s Choir Festival [ ... ] every mouth was open , jaw dropping experience . ''
`` Carnegie Hall is probably a really good experience , for my music life and for other kids , '' says Kanakoqui .
`` Just being able to sing in front of everybody , '' says Harris . `` And knowing that people have gotten famous there ! ''
Though the four day New York experience is expected to be wonderful for these little stars , Rine says they don ` t need to fly all the way to the Big Apple for good music .
`` The music it ` s a total release of their imagination , there ` s no greater spot than sitting in my chair ! ''
So make sure you tune into the International Children ` s Choir Festival in June to hear more impressive singing !
OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and their public safety minister delivered messages of sorrow and solidarity Tuesday in the aftermath of a deadly rental-van rampage in Toronto that killed 10 pedestrians and injured 15 others .
But both Trudeau and Ralph Goodale were careful to note that the attack appears to have no link to terrorism , and to steer clear of any rhetoric that might risk fanning the flames of speculation and innuendo .
`` The events that took place ... in Toronto were a senseless attack and a horrific tragedy , '' Trudeau said , extending the government 's condolences to the victims and their families , and praising the first responders on the scene .
`` They handled this extremely difficult situation with professionalism and bravery . They faced danger without a moment of hesitation , and there is no doubt that their courage saved lives and prevented further injuries . ''
The investigation into the incident is still ongoing , but Goodale — speaking at a news conference in Toronto , where they happen to be for a meeting of their G7 counterparts — said there is nothing to suggest Canada 's national security is under threat .
`` The investigation that is underway is still in its very early hours , but thus far there is no discernible connection to national security in the incident last evening , based on all available information at the present time , '' they said .
`` Police are obviously going to be very busy today and the days ahead to examine all the circumstances and the background to this situation , to determine exactly what happened and why . And they will have full support from the government of Canada . ''
Goodale thanked other countries , especially the United States , for their condolences and offers of help . He , too , commended the first responders .
The attack took place early Monday afternoon when a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewalk on Yonge Street in the city 's north end .
Alek Minassian , 25 , of Richmond Hill , Ont. , was apprehended by police without incident not long after the attack , following a dramatic standoff in which they repeatedly mimicked the motion of drawing and pulling a weapon on officers , their own guns drawn .
By
Does a rock in Jackson County that depicts a total eclipse of the sun in 255 AD help date Red Bird Petroglyph rock in Rawlings and Stinson Park ? Local historian and amateur archaeologist Jimmy Burchell who is our expert on these thing says yes and Manchester Enterprise writes about it in this week 's “ Another View ” .
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today !
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
The daughter of Salvatore Toto Riina , chief of the Sicilian Mafia , has launched an online shop , having announced they would start selling coffee named after the notorious mobster .
Maria Concetta Riina has started their own business , selling so-called “ Uncle Toto ” products , which are supposed to celebrate the late “ boss of bosses , ” responsible for an estimated 150 murders . Them husband , Antonio Ciavarello , is currently under house arrest for fraud , and they had to launch their business to raise money after the police seized their savings .
“ We want to sell some Zu Totò brand products . We 're starting with coffee capsules , we 're doing this pre-sale so we can collect orders and cash to get us going , seeing as they seized everything from us without reason , ” the couple wrote on their website , which was later removed .
Riina 's business move has sparked outrage across Italy ; the mayor of San Pancrazio expressed their indignation with the initiative , calling it “ an unacceptable provocation that the community would not put up with , ” as cited by La Repubblica .
Salvatore Toto Riina , nicknamed the Beast for their brutality , died of cancer at the age of 87 , last month . They had been in police custody since 1993 , serving 26 life sentences for being behind the deaths of hundreds of people .
READ MORE : Arrivederci : The Rise and Fall of the Sicilian Mafia 'Beast ' Toto Riina
Birla Carbon will participate at the Deutsche Kautschuk-Tagung ( DKT ) 2018 German Rubber Conference that will be held from July 2-5 , 2018 at Nuremberg , Germany . The DKT 2018 conference has been organized with the purpose of bringing together the international rubber and elastomer industry , to discuss and highlight various ideas and get complete focus on the rubber processing industry .
The DKT conference provides an opportunity to engage with other like-minded businesses , researchers and influencers in the rubber industry . Birla Carbon will be present at booth – 323 in Hall no . 12 at the DKT conference .
John Davidson , President , Europe and Africa , Birla Carbon , shared , “ Exhibitions like DKT , held on a global level , are beneficial for us at Birla Carbon , as we get a chance to showcase our knowledge as industry players as well as gain insights into the current industry trends . We are indeed glad to be a part of this year 's DKT and look forward to some engaging conversations . ”
Held once in every three years , the DKT conference is attended by around 300 exhibitors and 3,000 professionals , along the value chain of rubber and elastomers segment . The conference , spread over three days , will witness a university session wherein young researchers will be given an opportunity to showcase their work in the field of raw materials of rubber , TPE , fillers and their properties as well as essential process technology such as compounding , vulcanization , rubber extrusion , injection molding and simulation .
The Lower Great Southern Hockey Association has been forced to withdraw its team from this weekend 's CBH Group Men 's Country Championships after the events of the past week .
Out-of-control bushfires in the region and a very dry start to the seeding season for many farmers have left a number of regular senior players unable to attend the annual three-day championships , which begin on Saturday .
Already struggling with player interest before last week 's fires , team organisers have decided to pull the team completely rather than try to fill the void with players from the region who now live in Perth .
It will be the first time in several years the LGSHA does not have representation at the men 's country championships .
Its withdrawal leaves Bunbury , Busselton , Eastern Goldfields , Upper Great Southern and Geraldton to compete in division 1 at the tournament .
A general bye for the men 's A-grade competition that was originally scheduled will still remain in place .
The women 's A-grade competition will play round 10 tonight and also have the weekend off .
Spencer Park will face Tigers at 6.30pm tonight in Albany , while the other game has Mt Barker at home to Manypeaks , also at 6.30pm .
WAYNE Bennett once said the Brisbane Broncos ' policy was to develop local talent and , if required to recruit from outside , buy only the best .
That was 2007 when the Broncos were defedning premiers .
It no longer applies .
READ KENT 'S FULL COLUMN HERE AND JOIN HIM BELOW FROM 1PM FOR A LIVE BLOG
The Broncos have not won a premiership since then , and the club 's ability to entice the best talent from the Queensland junior leagues has fallen behind superior programs at both Melbourne and North Queensland .
So when James Roberts became available , despite being sacked from two clubs and Bennett already having pledged a centre position to Dale Copley , Copley was out the door and Roberts was in .
Camera Icon Picture : The Daily Telegraph
A similar shift in stance came for Matt Lodge , whose history is well documented .
It is an example of what pressure can do .
And so Bennett fosters a siege mentality at the club .
The woeful form of the Broncos in round one was n't their fault . It was n't the fault of players . Nor was it the fault of the club 's recruitment policies .
READ KENT 'S FULL COLUMN HERE AND JOIN HIM BELOW FROM 1PM FOR A LIVE BLOG
Blaming the Broncos early season dramas on us pesky rascals in the media was first class media spin .
And it shows how Bennett is themselves the most under-pressure man at the Broncos .
It shows how Bennett is fighting to save their job .
By The Associated Press
tx <
$ vscores3 <
MIDWEST
Iowa St. 99 , NC Central 58 <
Northwestern 68 , Stony Brook 36 <
Oakland 104 , Michigan-Dearborn 44 <
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) — Ben Roethlisberger 's record-setting day finished with a carry just as valuable as any of the franchise-record 66 passes they threw .
As the Pittsburgh Steelers poured onto the Heinz Field turf to celebrate a frantic 39-38 victory over Baltimore that wrapped up their third AFC North title in four years , Roethlisberger grabbed the familiar No . 50 jersey of injured linebacker Ryan Shazier and joined in the party .
An emotionally draining week for the Steelers ended with Shazier recovering from spinal surgery in a nearby hospital but still very much in the middle of things . Just like always .
“ We love our brother , ” Roethlisberger said . “ We wanted to get this one for him , and I 'm glad we did . ”
Advertisement
Barely .
The Steelers ( 11-2 ) blew an early 14-point lead and found themselves trailing by 11 going into the fourth before exploding for 19 points over the final 15 minutes , the last three coming on Chris Boswell 's 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds left .
“ I think championship teams find ways to win , ” Roethlisberger said .
Having an offense that is starting to peak after a sleepy start certainly helps . Roethlisberger threw for 506 yards and two scores to become the first player in NFL history to go over 500 yards passing three times in their career . Antonio Brown caught 11 passes for 213 yards to fuel an MVP candidacy that no longer feels so far-fetched , including gains of 57 and 34 yards in the fourth to spark Pittsburgh 's comeback and running back Le'Veon Bell finished with 125 total yards and three scores .
“ It 's an amazing feeling , especially for Ryan Shazier , ” Brown said . “ One of our brothers could n't be out here today . Obviously , they are watching . ”
Shazier suffered their injury in the first quarter of a victory over Cincinnati last Monday . They underwent surgery on Wednesday and Roethlisberger visited them on Thursday .
“ When you walk in and see them and see the smile and give them a huge , it really has taken that weight off and let us breathe a little easier , ” Roethlisberger said .
The Steelers have done their best to let Shazier know is very much a part of their run . Linebacker James Harrison borrowed a page from Shazier 's pregame routine and warmed up shirtless even with the temperature hovering around freezing . Shazier 's helmet and jersey spent the game on the bench and several Steelers wore cleats with a special design featuring Shazier 's face and the popular # Shalieve hashtag .
“ It was very emotional , ” linebacker Arthur Moats said . “ Any time you can bring something to them that brings them some type of joy , some type of happiness , that 's good . At the end of the day we 're just trying to make sure he 's good . ”
RAVENS ROCKED
Baltimore ( 7-6 ) meanwhile , saw its surge back to contention blunted after its defense spent the fourth quarter fruitlessly chasing Brown from one side of the field to the other .
“ This is going to sting for a while , ” Ravens safety Eric Weddle said . “ Especially the guys on defense because we care so much and we hold ourselves to a high standard . ”
The Ravens certainly did n't meet it after giving up 545 yards to the Steelers . Pittsburgh scored on its last four possessions . It 's not like the Steelers were taking advantage of a short field . All eight of their scoring drives went at least 50 yards , including two of 80 or more .
“ I think in the fourth quarter the defense dropped the ball tonight , ” linebacker Terrell Suggs said . “ That 's kind of been our thing all year , consistency . ”
SUPER SHOWDOWN
The win sets up the AFC game of the year next Sunday when Tom Brady and the defending Super Bowl champion New England Patriots visit . New England beat the Steelers twice last season , including a lopsided 36-17 blowout in the AFC title game .
“ We 're going to give respect where respect is due now , ” Pittsburgh center Maurkice Pouncey said . “ But they 're not Superman . They lost this season , right ? ”
ALL-AROUND EFFORT
Brown , Bell and Roethlisberger hardly did it alone . Boswell has hit four game-winning field goals in the final minute in four of Pittsburgh 's past five games . Tight ends Jessie James and Vance McDonald combined for 14 receptions for 149 yards . Even fullback Roosevelt Nix got in on the act , scoring their first career touchdown on a 1-yard reception in which they basically pulled the ball off Baltimore safety Tony Jefferson 's chest as they tussled in the end zone .
“ AB is gon na do what they do , I 'm going to do what I do , Ben 's gon na do what they do , ” Bell said . “ But it 's the guys who do n't get the credit always that are the ones making the plays . ”
UP NEXT
Baltimore : Needs to win out if it wants to reach the postseason . The good news ? Their final three opponents are a combined 8-34 , including the 0-13 Cleveland Browns , who the Ravens visit next Sunday .
Pittsburgh : The Steelers have beaten Brady at Heinz Field just once in their career , a victory in the 2011 regular season .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Lyle Shelton has withdrawn from the Australian Christian Lobby to chase a career in federal politics .
Lyle Shelton has withdrawn from the Australian Christian Lobby to chase a career in federal politics .
High profile activist Lyle Shelton will join Cory Bernardi 's Australian Conservatives party after stepping down from the Australian Christian Lobby .
Mr Shelton , a key figure in the fight against same-sex marriage , announced on Saturday their resignation as managing director of the ACL to pursue a career in federal politics .
`` Last year during the marriage campaign I felt very much drawn to the political side of things , to the partisan side of politics , '' they said .
`` I 'm not leaving the battle for the values that you and I hold dear - just simply going to a different part of the battlefield . ''
Mr Shelton will move from Canberra to their home state of Queensland to prepare for a tilt at the next federal election .
They did not say which party they would represent but sources say they will announce a new role with the Australian Conservatives at a community event in Toowoomba on Sunday .
Tasmanian Liberal Senator Eric Abetz wished Mr Shelton well in their pivot to politics .
`` Lyle Shelton has been a strong and effective advocate for Judeo-Christian values during a period where it 's been unfashionable to be so , '' Senator Abetz said .
`` His steadfast defence of some of our most important institutions has been both inspiring and refreshing . All the best . ''
Mr Shelton 's former chief of staff Martyn Iles will take over as managing director of the ACL .
`` There 's never been more pressure on people of faith and on the church simply for living out our timeless convictions , '' Mr Iles said .
`` Therefore there 's never been a more crucial time in history in Australia for the church and for Christian people to continue to engage with law and with politics and with culture . ''
ATHENS , Ga. — Georgia junior linebacker Natrez Patrick could be facing a four-game suspension following their second arrest on marijuana charges in three years .
According to the Athens-Clarke County jail report , Patrick was arrested Thursday night on a misdemeanour charge of possession of less than one ounce of marijuana . They also are charged with `` prohibited stopping , standing or parking . '' They were released about an hour later after posting bond .
Patrick was suspended for one game against Kentucky as a first-year student in 2015 following their first arrest on marijuana charges . According to the Georgia student-athlete handbook , a player can be suspended four games for a second marijuana violation .
Patrick is tied for third with 17 tackles for No . 5 Georgia , which plays at Vanderbilt on Saturday .
Prescription opioids are posing a huge threat for pharmaceutical giants in the world as subjects consuming opioid drugs are becoming highly addictive to them , which is incidentally causing deaths . Production of synthetic opioid drugs has been tainted by reports that regard it to be an ill-fated burden on consumers as well as manufacturing companies . Overdose of opioids has resulted in occurrence of malignant disorders in the user 's body , most of which have resulted into fatalities . The demand for opioids , on the contrary , is likely to be on an all-time high , owing to a significant rise in incidences of cancer and other fatal disorders . As most of us know , the legitimate use of opioids is its performance as a narcotic pain relief medication in treatments for cancer , surgical pain and post-surgery trauma .
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents @ https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114748/Opioid-Market
Consumption of opioids is largely reliant on its extensive use as an end-stage medication for treating cancer . While the analgesic nature of such drugs relives the patient from cancer pain , it incidentally suppresses sensation for the subject and results into organ failures . Off lately , the consumption of opioid drugs was highly criticized and condemned after reports of a prominent opioid medication , called Fentanyl , became the reason causing death of the patient for administration . Ergo , emergence of such news impaired the business progression of its North American pharmaceutical company , Insys Therapeutics , Inc. A comparatively high growth in opioid addiction in the US has further pressurized the FDA for abolishing the production of opioid drugs , in spite of being highly-crucial for cancer treatment .
Request For Report Discount @ https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114748/Opioid-Market
The impact of such incidences on the global opioids market is likely to be a deterrent one . Prescribing opioids continues to be majorly profitable for pharmacies , but the aftermath of its dosage is curbing their use in hospitals and specialty healthcare facilities . Research Report Insights ( RRI ) has compiled a report , titled “ Opioids Market by 2021 ” that valued the global opioids market at an estimated US $ 33 billion in 2014 . Key market insights and research findings assessed in the report project that the market will garner US $ 42,158 million in revenues by the end of 2021 .
Fragmenting this growth of global opioids market , the report includes classification on the basis of products ( drug types ) and applications . The use of opioids in production of morphine and codeine drugs is anticipated to dominate the global market by accounting for over 60 % share . Analgesic applications of opioid drugs are expected to procure market value of US $ 28,436.8 million by 2021-end . Increasing presence of palliative care facilities and rising importance of Abuse-Deterrent Formulation ( ADF ) regulations for generic drug manufactures is driving the growth of global opioids market ; particularly in North America and Europe . The report has profiled some of the leading companies contributing to the growth of global opioids market , which include pharmaceutical manufacturers such as Actavis Plc. , Purdue Pharma , Pfizer Inc. , Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. , Sanofi , Boehringer Ingelheim , and Endo Pharmaceuticals Inc. , among others .
Report Analysis @ https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114748/Opioid-Market
About Us :
Research Report Insights ( RRI ) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm .
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports , syndicated research reports , and consulting services which are personalised in nature .
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients ; this combines current market intelligence , technology inputs , statistical anecdotes ,
valuable growth insights , 360-degree view of the competitive framework , and anticipated market trends .
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS , GCC , and ASEAN .
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas , Chemicals , Materials , Energy , Technology , Automotive , and Retail .
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful , in-depth , and actionable research .
Contact Us :
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street ,
Portcarling P0B 1J0 ,
Muskoka , Ontario
T : +1-631-721-4201
Email : sales @ researchreportinsights.com
Web Site : http : //www.researchreportinsights.com
PAYSON , Utah ( AP ) - The father of a boy who has Down syndrome is suing the Boys Scouts of America for blocking their son from becoming an Eagle scout and revoking their merit badges .
Logan Blythe has been a scout through the National Parks Council in Utah . Their father , Chad , says the 15-year-old has advanced because the council has made accommodations when necessary .
They had planned to create kits for special-needs babies for their Eagle project when the family learned the national organization voided every merit badge they obtained .
The family sued the Boy Scouts and the Utah National Parks Council for `` outrageous and reckless conduct . ''
The Boy Scouts says it worked with the council and the Blythe family to offer `` alternative merit badges '' and a path to becoming an Eagle .
The Maryville City Council approved the lease for the Mozingo Lake Recreation Park farm-to-table restaurant during its regular meeting April 23 .
The approved lease with Brown Bread LLC will allow Owner Michael Foust to begin setting up their dining facility , William Coy , at the Mozingo Conference Center . Foust is also the owner of The Farmhouse located in Kansas City .
Lease agreements include an annual rent payment of $ 30,000 with a three percent escalator , five percent of all alcohol sales , 2.375 percent sales tax equivalent fee , tenant pays utilities based on square footage and tenant operates under the city 's liquor license as an agent . The first rent payment will not be due until April 1 , 2019 , to allow the restaurant to begin generating revenue .
The lease term will be for three years , with the option of a five year extension . Each party must give at least 180 days notice with changes .
It was also approved for the city to borrow monies to cover the costs of furniture , fixtures and equipment purchased for the restaurant that will stay in ownership of the city . These include walk-in coolers , freezer , exhaust hood , sinks , gas connectors , tables and chairs . Total costs were estimated at $ 150,000 . The annual budget allowed $ 55,800 . The city will borrow $ 105,000 from the Nodaway County Economic Development 's ( NCED ) intermediary relending program and $ 9,235 from NCED 's revolving loan fund to cover the expenses .
Maryville 's Tri-State Ford was awarded the bid for two vehicles for Maryville Public Safety , an SUV for the fire captain and a sedan patrol car . They agreed to match the Missouri contract bid of $ 29,123 . The bid was not the lowest , but falls within two percent of the lowest bid , allowing officials to choose the local provider .
Machens Ford , Columbia , was awarded the bid for a Ford F350 for $ 26,887 . The pickup is to be used by the street maintenance department .
General warranty deeds were accepted for a right-of-way for South Depot Street . This will be from the current city limits to South Avenue and South Country Club Drive to the Oak Pointe facility . The city will maintain the roads moving forward . Staff is engaged in discussions to straighten the middle sections of South Depot Street .
Three petitions for annexation into city limits were approved , with public hearings for all three scheduled for May 14 .
The first two petitions were to annex the properties along South Depot Street and South Country Club that were deeded to the city earlier in the meeting .
The third property to be annexed is 2.9 acres of land owned by the New Nodaway Humane Society , which is tax-exempt . City Manager Greg McDanel stated the annexations were to “ clean up the city 's property lines ” and stated they are all voluntary . McDanel mentioned that there was a possibility of working with Maryville Parks and Recreation to create a public dog park within this particular property .
Keller Construction Company , Inc. , St. Joseph , was awarded the 2018 asphalt mill and overlay project , not to exceed $ 1,512,577 . The base bid included sections of the following streets : North Main , East Second , South Frederick , West Thompson , Old First Street , West Jenkins , West Second , West Third , East Sixth , Railroad , West Sixth , West 13th , North Laura , South Grand , East 13th , Park Avenue , West Cooper , South Saunders , North Dunn , South Alvin , North College and East Cooper .
The council also approved completion of the following streets from the alternate bid list : West Edwards , South Buchanan , East Jenkins and the Fourth Street parking lot . West Crestview , a concrete street , will be completely ripped out and replaced with asphalt . Also approved was the pavement of Hawk Road leading up to the Northwest Missouri Regional Airport and the paving of the lower parking lot at the Mozingo Conference Center .
During the asphalt overlay project discussion , Councilman Matt Johnson stated they would rather see more streets paved in town than the lower parking lot at Mozingo . Councilman Jason McDowell stated they would like to see the project that was started , completed .
JD Bishop Construction , LLC , Chillicothe , was awarded the 2018 concrete repair bid for $ 277,291.10 . Only $ 188,410.50 remains in the budget for concrete repairs . Polk Township and the Nodaway County Commission have agreed to provide a total of $ 80,000 toward the pavement of Hawk Road . That money will be put toward the concrete repair deficit . Staff will also increase the May issued certificates of participation from $ 6 million to $ 6.3 million to cover the remaining cost , leaving $ 28,542.40 for change orders on the project .
Visu-Sewer Inc. , St. Louis , was contracted to repair a 625 linear-foot section of 12-inch sanitary sewer main along East Fourth Street for $ 18,646.88 . Staff bypassed going out for bids on the project due to it being an “ emergency situation . ”
The city council approved the destruction of unnecessary files including petitions , bond certificates , contracts , invoices , bank statements and others . Articles that city staff thought could be needed in the future or items of historical value were saved .
McDanel stated the following in their report :
•The Maryville Public Safety facility is tentatively scheduled for construction this summer .
•The City of Maryville was named a 2017 Tree City USA by the Arbor Day Foundation .
•A new water line was installed on North Laura Street in the 100 and 200 blocks for $ 16,650 .
•Mozingo Lake Recreation Park partnered with the Missouri Department of Conservation and the Northwest Missouri Longtails Pheasants Forever Chapter to acquire the Habitat Challenge grant . This is a 50 percent matching grant to establish wildflowers and natural grasses . It will be used on approximately 10 acres around the Mozingo entrance along Liberty Road and around the conference center . The Pheasants Forever chapter will front the grant money as well as provide the labor for the seed sowing .
Johnson will be available in the council chambers located in Maryville City Hall from 9 am to 11 am , Friday , April 27 for community members who wish to contact him .
WASHINGTON – The White House has named a new National Security Council chief of staff from a group that propagates the conspiracy theory that Islamists have infiltrated the U.S. government in a plot to take over America .
The appointment of Fred Fleitz to the National Security Council drew condemnation from civil rights advocacy groups this week for what one group , the Anti-Defamation League , described as “ his senior leadership role with the Center for Security Policy , an Islamophobic , conspiracy-promoting organization . ”
“ The White House continues to be the nation 's central organizing body for white supremacists , ” another organization , Muslim Advocates , wrote in a statement responding to Fleitz 's appointment on Tuesday .
Spokespeople for the White House and the National Security Council did not respond to a request for comment on Fleitz 's national security views . NSC spokesperson Robert Palladino confirmed Fleitz 's appointment as NSC chief of staff , deputy assistant to the president , and executive secretary .
They are one among a flurry of new hires to the NSC from the ranks of President Trump 's recently appointed national security adviser John Bolton 's longtime supporters and associates , and one of a rotating assembly of aides and advisers that civil rights groups have accused of bigotry and religious bias since Trump took office .
Fleitz is a former chief of staff to Bolton during the George W. Bush administration , and the author of Obamabomb : A Dangerous and Growing National Security Fraud and The Coming North Korea Nuclear Nightmare : What Trump Must Do to Reverse Obama 's “ Strategic Patience. ” They most recently served as the Center for Security Policy 's senior vice president for policy .
While they have focused much of their recent energy in articles , social media posts , and appearances in conservative media praising Trump and Bolton , and urging Trump to kill “ the FAKE Iran deal , ” Fleitz has also promoted the myth of European “ no-go zones ” – places the CSP casts as being governed by Islamic law – as well as a widely debunked CSP survey that suggested a quarter of Muslims support violence against Americans . ( During their campaign , Trump cited the same survey in calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States . )
Fleitz has promoted the idea of a “ clash of civilizations ” between Islam and America , and co-authored a 2015 CSP report titled “ A Plan For Victory Over The Global Jihad Movement ” that claimed “ the majority of Muslims and Islamic authorities . . . promote or at least support jihad and shariah supremacism . ”
“ Unfortunately , no significant elements from within Islam thus far have presented themselves as likely allies in the death struggle we confront with our mutual enemies , ” the report said .
Fleitz and CSP have warned that major American Muslim organizations and mosques are secretly working to advance a jihadist agenda , and that such groups should not be trusted when they claim to “ eschew violence , ” and should be “ neutralized as political forces . ”
Fleitz has also contrasted the acute danger that they believe is posed by Muslims , compared to other religious groups .
In an appearance on Breitbart News Daily radio show last year , Fleitz attributed a deadly terrorist attack in London to British Muslims ' “ failure to assimilate . ”
“ There are communities where British Muslims are deliberately not assimilating , are being taught to hate British society , and this is incubating radicalism . There 's actually a parallel system of sharia law courts in the U.K. that operate , ” they said , claims that British officials say are falsehoods .
Fleitz warned of a similar danger from American Muslim communities , adding that only certain groups pose a danger by not assimilating .
“ I 'm not concerned about Amish or Jewish communities , but I will tell you that there are enclaves of Muslim communities in Michigan and Minnesota that concern me . We know that in Minnesota there 's a rising rate of measles because the community has not assimilated into the rest of the community , and is not vaccinating their children . This is wrong . This is a big problem , ” they said , referring to an outbreak in Minneapolis after anti-vaccine activists convinced members of the Somali immigrant community that vaccines cause autism .
“ The problem with these Muslim communities is that it is making them susceptible to this radical worldview that wants to destroy modern society , create a global caliphate , and impose sharia law on everyone on Earth , ” Fleitz said , according to Breitbart . “ These other communities are n't trying to do that . They 're peaceful religious communities . ”
They also warned of “ radical clerics and radical mosques ” that they said promote hate . And they said they believe that “ political correctness ” and use of the label “ Islamophobic ” have hindered the United States ' ability “ to go after radical Islam . ”
The Washington Post 's Karen DeYoung contributed to this article .
A Deputy Minister of Education in charge of technical and vocational education , Barbara Asher Ayisi has cautioned teachers against skipping subjects on sex and menstruation in the educational curricula .
They insisted that “ Comprehensive sexuality education is compulsory in the syllabus but some teachers fail to teach it leaving students to seek information on the subjects from the internet and wrong sources ” .
“ Most parents nowadays are not available to discuss these topics with the children so teachers must hold the ford . Go in-depth , use practical language and materials to teach these topics to the understanding of students to prevent them from being misinformed , ” they advised .
Mrs. Ayisi was speaking at a forum on menstrual hygiene in Accra yesterday aimed at breaking the myths and misconceptions surrounding menstruation which is a natural occurrence among girls and women .
It was to climax series of campaign by GHONE Television in collaboration with FAY International , producers of Faytex Sanitary Pad on menstruation , under the theme , ‘ Period not shame ' .
A documentary aired at the event revealed that girls in areas including Kpatinga in the Upper West Region and Kyekyewere in the Central Region had to resort to the use of rags while others were barred from crossing a river to school during their menstrual periods .
Women in other areas were also prevented from going to their farms , cooking for their husbands or engaging in economic activities as a result of their menstruation .
The minister who was disheartened over how some girls in the documentary had no idea about menstruation until their first experience or ever seen a sanitary towel in their lives asked “ teachers to step up their game in this area ” .
They assured of government 's commitment to support initiatives that would help promote menstrual hygiene to keep girls in school in order to achieve their full potential .
A senior gynaecologist with the Greater Accra Regional Hospital , Dr. Appiah Kubi entreated parents to broaden their knowledge on menstruation to be in a better position to educate the girl-child on the topic .
They advised against the use of sub-standard materials such as cloths , toilet rolls and unapproved sanitary towels among others often used to contain the flow of blood warning that “ these materials could cause infections in your system ” .
The Head of Medical Devices of the Foods and Drugs Authority ( FDA ) , Mr. Joseph Benney on their part said the Authority would soon publish the names of registered and approved sanitary towels in the country .
They asked consumers to look out for the expiry dates of the products urging distributors not to focus only on Accra to sell the products but reach out to deprived areas to enable them have access to quality sanitary towels for use .
By Abigail Annoh
Avicii 's sudden death at age 28 has cast their millions of fans and the EDM community into mourning , but the loss is much more acute for the superstar deejay 's former girlfriend , Canadian model Racquel Bettencourt , better known as Racquel Natasha .
The pair dated for over a year , and reportedly even shared a home together in California before going their separate ways in December 2014 .
In an Instagram note written directly to the “ Levels ” hitmaker — born Tim Bergling— Bettencourt reflected on the time they shared together .
“ My heart is broken , ” the emotional message begins . “ Tim , it feels like it was just yesterday when we were inseparable . We talked and laughed till sunrise . It was us against the world . Memories to last a lifetime . ”
RELATED : Avicii ‘ Hated Being a Celebrity ' and Had ‘ Aged Significantly ' Over the Last Few Years : Friends
The couple dated throughout some of Avicii 's most difficult health struggles , during which time they suffered a blocked gallbladder and ruptured appendix . Doctors attributed the ailments to the alcohol they used to self-medicate their anxiety and fuel their high-octane lifestyle .
“ Through all of our ups and downs I wanted nothing more than to make sure you were healthy and happy and be there for you every step of the way , ” Bettencourt continued . “ Give you life , something to look forward to , but the universe had different plans for us . I know how hard you struggled and tried . I tried everything I could . ”
Avicii Johnny Nunez/WireImage
RELATED : Avicii 's Family Thanks Fans 3 Days After Their Death : ‘ So Grateful for Everyone Who Loved Their Music '
They added that even after their breakup , the warm feelings for them continued .
“ Thank you for showing me and teaching me what true love feels like . Taking me along with you through your journey . The bond , and connection we shared was so pure and real , I do n't think it ever really truly broke . It has always been and will always be in my heart forever . It was far too soon for you , so gifted and so special . You were the biggest part of my life and played a huge role , I will forever cherish those moments . I just want you to know that I never stopped having love for you . ”
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
Bettencourt is just one of many who have paid tribute to the late artist , who was found dead in their Muscat , Oman hotel room on Friday .
Shortly after hearing the devastating news , musicians including fellow producers like Calvin Harris , Zedd , Tiësto , Deadmau5 , DJ Snake and Marshmello as well as many singers , including Liam Payne and Charlie Puth , mourned their loss .
RELATED : Avicii Dead at 28 — A Look Back at 7 of Their Biggest Hits , from ‘ Levels ' to ‘ Wake Me Up '
Avicii Rich Polk/Getty
“ Devastating news about Avicii , a beautiful soul , passionate and extremely talented with so much more to do . My heart goes out to their family . God bless you Tim x , ” wrote Harris .
Wrote Zedd , “ No words can describe the sadness I 'm feeling right now , hearing about Avicii passing away….Thoughts go out to their family and friends… ”
“ My heartfelt condolences to Tim 's family and close friends . I ca n't express how deeply sad I am . Meeting them changed my life , ” wrote “ Wake Me Up ” collaborator Aloe Blacc . “ He was an amazingly talented person and it hurts so bad that he 's gone . ”
“ Wow , I would like to take a moment to pay tribute to the man who really opened my eyes as to what my productions could one day sound like , ” wrote Puth . “ @ Avicii was a genius and a music innovator , and I can not believe they are no longer with us . RIP to the very best . ”
RELATED : Avicii Dead at 28 : Inside the Superstar Deejay 's Chronic Health Struggles
Avicii Amy Sussman/Invision/AP/REX/Shutterstock
Although a cause of death has yet to be released regarding the deejay 's death , the Royal Oman Police told CNN they had ruled out any suspicion of foul play .
“ Two postmortems were carried out … and we can confirm that there is no criminal suspicion in the death , ” authorities told the outlet .
Police previously confirmed to PEOPLE that Avicii 's body will be flown home to Sweden this week .
BOSTON ( AP ) - Al Horford had 22 points and 14 rebounds , Marcus Smart made an impact in their first game since mid-March and the Boston Celtics beat the Milwaukee Bucks 92-87 on Tuesday night for a 3-2 lead in their first-round playoff series .
Smart came off the bench and had nine points , five rebounds , four assists and three blocks in their first game since undergoing right thumb surgery . They played 25 minutes wearing a protective splint and had a key assist late from the bottom of a scrum beneath three Milwaukee players .
Terry Rozier added 16 points and five assists for Boston . The home team has won all five games in the first-round series , and Game 6 is Thursday in Milwaukee .
Khris Middleton led the Bucks with 23 points , Jabari Parker added 17 points and eight rebounds , and Giannis Antetokounmpo had a series-low 16 points with 10 rebounds and nine assists .
The Celtics led by 16 before Milwaukee rallied to make it 74-70 with 7:33 left . Middleton scored later and was fouled to get Milwaukee within 84-79 , but they failed to complete the three-point play .
A few possessions later , Smart managed to squeeze out a pass to Horford with three Bucks draped over him , and Horford easily dropped in a layup to make it 86-79 with 28.1 seconds left .
Milwaukee got within 87-84 after a layup by Eric Bledsoe , but the Celtics hit enough free throws the rest of the way to secure the win .
The Bucks entered the game shooting an NBA playoff-best 54 percent from the field , but they hit just 37 percent for the game ( 32 of 87 ) .
Boston needed an energy boost after slow starts to Games 3 and 4 , and Smart gave the Celtics exactly that .
They checked in for the first time late in the first quarter . Less than a minute later , they deflected a pass and won a scramble on the floor for the loose ball .
A few possessions later , they were helping protect the rim , getting their hand in to deny an alley-oop dunk attempt by Antetokounmpo .
They were also active on the offensive end , helping drive the ball into the interior of Milwaukee 's defense , like when they tossed an alley-oop to Horford late in the third quarter .
TIP-INS
Bucks : F John Henson missed their third straight game with back soreness . ... Scored 15 points in first quarter . It was low for a quarter in the series , excluding the Game 1 overtime period ( eight points ) .
Celtics : Finished with 18 turnovers . ... Outscored the Bucks 32-28 in the paint .
DROUGHT AND A RUN
The Celtics went without a field goal from Rozier 's 3-pointer with 9:14 left in the third until Jaylen Brown hit from beyond the arc with 4:26 to go in the period .
Boston 's only points during the shooting slump came on a pair of free throws by Tatum with 6:36 left .
It allowed Milwaukee to go on a 12-2 run , trimming Boston 's lead to 58-52 .
STILL BEEFING
Rozier and Eric Bledsoe got tangled up with 9:33 left in the third quarter . Rozier bumped Bledsoe near the baseline . Bledsoe responded with a hard shove . They then got face-to-face and had to be separated .
Bledsoe was assessed a flagrant foul and Rozier was issued a technical foul .
It was the continuation of some off-court chiding between the pair .
Rozier called Bledsoe `` Drew Bledsoe '' when asked about them after Game 1 . Bledsoe has since responded by saying `` Who ? '' whenever he 's asked about Rozier .
___
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
HERFYFOODS announces results of General meeting ( TASI ) Date : 24 Apr 2018 Herfy Food Services Co announced results of General meeting held on April 23 , 2018 . Shareholders approved the distribution of SAR 1.1 cash dividends for Second Half of 2017 . Shareholders also elected Board Members for next 3-year round commencing May 1 , 2018 .
South Australia is one of the most progressive ( and controversial ) energy markets to study . Jay Weatherill 's South Australia Government has just announced they will provide solar panels and Tesla Powerwall battery storage for 50,000 homes .
After the state just installed the world 's largest battery , they 're now after another world record with the ‘ world 's largest virtual power plant ' designed to disrupt the current power industry . The new approach would see the solar systems and batteries will be supplied and installed free of charge . That sounds like a great deal if you 're one of the lucky households , so how do they pay for it ?
The project will be financed through the sale of electricity , generated by the panels . This actually raises a number of questions . If the equipment is installed at your house , what do you pay for power if you need additional energy from the grid ? That we do n't know as an energy retailer is still being found and expressions of interest will go out this week .
Normally when you collect power from the solar panels on your roof , you store it in the Powerwall and when you need power you can draw from that battery . Something you should know about this arrangement is that the energy stored in the battery can be accessed and taken to deliver to other households . This certainly takes some getting your head around and fundamentally changes the way we think about stored energy . In this model you collect it , but you do n't own it .
Free hardware is certainly an inviting prospect and depending on your power needs as a houshold and the number of sunny days in a row , there 's a chance that when you go to draw from the Powerwall , there may not be a sufficient amount stored ( because its been taken by to service others ) which leaves you drawing ( and paying ) for power from the grid . This is where the fine print matters , a lot .
Its obviously a cleaner proposition to buy and own the hardware , but the entry price of $ 15,000 – $ 20,000 is a number than many ca n't reach , so having an alternative is a good thing . Frontier Economics showed the 250 megawatt system in SA would lower energy bills for participating households by 30 % . Again 30 % is better than nothing and is a method to bring down power prices quickly , however those who can afford the full system themselves are saving much closer to 100 % with some people actually making money in the sunnier months .
Despite the announcement today , a trial of the scheme involving 1,100 properties has already begun . After this , the number will grow to 24,000 systems are set to be installed in Housing Trust properties . After the Government rolls this out to the low-cost Government housing , a similar deal will be on offer to all SA households .
The total number of systems is expected to reach 50,000 by 2022 .
Now for the hard numbers about the cost of the scheme . To acquire and install the hardware , the SA Government will assist the rollout to the tune of a $ 2 million grant and a $ 30 million loan from the Renewable Technology Fund .
The Minister for Social Housing , Zoe Bettison , said the decision to install the systems in Housing Trust homes would assist the most vulnerable .
“ We know that people in social housing can often struggle to meet their everyday needs and this initiative will take some pressure off their household budget . ”
The Opposition Leader Steven Marshall has already pledged means-tested grants averaging $ 2,500 to facilitate the installation of batteries in 40,000 homes . Realistically either side of Government could have big success in offering incentives to those households who already have solar , that want to invest in a battery like the Tesla Powerwall . It helps the household reduce power prices and helps the environmental ambitions of the nation .
This announcement will inevitably receive criticism from the federal opposition , but it 's important to see this as progress in the right direction , rather than riding it off because it does n't solve the problem for 100 % of the nation . It will be interesting to see if other states offer similar incentives in the future .
Via ABC .
Who Profits From Family Separation ?
On this episode of `` By Any Means Necessary '' Bob Schlehuber and Sean Blackmon are joined by Jeremy Mohler , Communications Specialist , of In the Public Interest , to talk about corporations that are profiting off of Donald Trump 's family separation and 'zero tolerance ' immigration policies and how private prison companies have invested heavily in the real estate industry .
In the second segment of the show Vicki Cervantes , North America Coordinator of the Honduras Solidarity Network joins to talk about the anniversary of the 2009 Honduran coup d'état that ousted then President Manuel Zelaya . The group also talks about the 9 years of rule since Zelaya , the international interests in Honduras , and the grassroots movements that continue to inspire political and social movements today .
In the third segment Max Blumenthal , author , journalist and senior editor of the Grayzone Project joins the show to talk about the Chairman of Ukraine 's Parliament Andriy Parubiy visiting US officials in Washington , DC , Parubiy 's long history with supporting Neo-Nazi and fascist ideologies , and the deteriorating political , social and economic situation within Ukraine , especially for its Roma and minority populations .
In the last hour `` By Any Means Necessary '' is joined by LJM , producer at We Act Radio and Ra Shad Frazier-Gaines , Founder of the Black Progressives to talk about major pharmaceutical drug shortages and price increases , efforts by the Trump Administration to roll back affirmative action practices instilled by the Obama Administration , Detroit School students suing the government for not providing literacy education , and the latest drama from rapper Drake .
We 'd love to get your feedback at radio @ sputniknews.com
A WOMAN in their 60s has allegedly been attacked by an American soldier in the car park of Brisbane 's Enoggera Army Barracks .
The victim was dragged from their car and assaulted by the 20-year-old Marine about 3.15pm on Tuesday , police say .
Military police along with an off-duty Queensland Police officer intervened and arrested the man , with the off-duty police officer also allegedly assaulted during the scuffle .
The woman , who is understood to be an Australian public servant , sustained serious injuries and was treated in hospital before being released .
Police said the man and woman were not known to each other and it was n't known what sparked the attack .
The Defence department says it 's providing support to the woman following the assault .
The American national has been charged with multiple offences including serious assault in relation to a person over 60 , assaulting police and causing wilful damage in relation to the woman 's car .
He 's due to face Brisbane Magistrates Court on July 18
( Credit : Def Jam )
By Annie Reuter
Vince Staples is teaming up with Marvel once again . A previously unreleased song of theirs is featured in the trailer for the computer animated film The Spider-Man : Into The Spider-Verse .
Related : Vince Staples and Tyler the Creator Reveal Joint 2018 Tour Dates
In the nearly 90-second clip , Staples can be heard rapping over slick beats as the adventure plays out on screen . “ This morning I woke up in the fortress of distortion / I 'm at war with my emotions / I 'm coming home now / I 'm coming home / Right where I belong now / Right where I belong , ” they rap .
Watch the trailer for the film below .
Previously , Staples ' song “ BagBak ” was featured in the Marvel film Black Panther . The Spider-Man : Into The Spider-Verse , is expected to hit theaters Christmas 2018 .
US President Donald Trump repeatedly raised the idea of invading a neighboring South American country last year , despite the objections of their aides , a new report says .
In August 2017 , Trump had a meeting in the Oval Office to discuss new sanctions against Venezuela and toward the end of the discussion the US president shocked their aides by asking why the US can not simply invade the country .
Trump proposed a military intervention on the pretext that Venezuela 's political and economic crises presented a threat to the region . The aim of the invasion would have been the forced removal of Venezuelan President Nicholas Maduro .
According to an Associated Press report , both National Security Adviser HR McMaster and then-US-Secretary-of-State Rex Tillerson were stunned by the suggestion . After the initial shock , the two aides went out of their way to explain to POTUS that this would be a very bad idea .
They argued that a military intervention would alienate other Latin American nations who have long worked together to punish and ostracize Maduro .
The aides did not convince Trump at the time , according to the report , as 45 pointed out that US invasions of Panama and Grenada during the 1980s were what the president considered to be big successes .
The next day , Trump publicly announced — without first consulting their cabinet — that a military option for Venezuela was on the table .
`` We 're all over the world and we have troops all over the world in places that are very very far away , Venezuela is not very far away and the people are suffering and dying . We have many options for Venezuela including a possible military option if necessary , '' they said , speaking from their New Jersey golf course at Bedminster .
Caracas reacted by calling Trump 's idea `` supreme extremism '' and `` an act of craziness . ''
© REUTERS / Andres Martinez Casares EXCLUSIVE : Why Everything the Western Media Tells You About Venezuela is Lies
Later , Trump discussed the idea with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos in private . And later in September , Trump openly proposed the idea of invasion to a meeting of several Latin American leaders — Santos included — after a UN General Assembly summit .
`` My staff told me not to say this , '' Trump remarked , before asking the South American leaders if they are sure that military operation was unnecessary . Everyone at the table affirmed that they were sure that the United States should not invade Venezuela .
The NSA 's McMaster convinced Trump to let go of the idea , and 45 's interest in it has now reportedly subsided .
Both McMaster and Tillerson later left the president 's cabinet .
Between 1898 and 1994 the US has militarily intervened in Latin America at least 41 times , including direct interventions in Cuba , Guatemala and Panama , as well as providing indirect support for dictators in Chile and El Salvador , ThinkProgress notes .
Unlike Panama and Grenada , if Trump had been allowed to attack Venezuela , they would have been faced with a country with a population roughly equal to that of Iraq ; the former two countries combined comprise only 13 percent of Venezuela 's total number .
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A waiter who killed their restaurant manager best friend after a row over drugs then went on a spending spree using their credit cards .
After ‘ squeezing the life ' out of Giorgio Roncari , murderer Vincenzo Tavano stole the well-known restaurant boss 's Jaguar .
The 33-year-old Italian placed a plastic bag over the 61-year-old restaurant manager 's head before taking cash and bank cards from their lifeless body .
Over the next few days they used the cards to make a variety of purchases ranging from a McDonald 's meal to a brand-new iPhone .
Tavano was today jailed for life after admitting murder at Manchester Crown Square Court .
They must serve at least 17 years behind bars before they are considered for parole .
Sentencing Tavano , Mr Justice William Davis said the killer 's remorse and sorrow had come ‘ rather late in the day ' .
They added : “ This was not a brief loss of temper . This was sustained over about a minute . ”
Tavano and Mr Roncari , both originally from Milan , first became friends four years ago while both men were working in the restaurant trade .
The older man helped Tavano find work , allowed them to borrow their car and had become a respected ‘ mentor ' to their killer , the court heard .
But their friendship came to an end when Tavano and their brother visited Mr Roncari at their plush Salford flat last April 15 .
Arriving at the apartment on Blackburn Street , Trinity , for a social visit , things quickly became heated .
Cocaine-addicted Tavano asked their friend to sell them some drugs but Mr Roncari refused .
Tavano already owed money to Mr Roncari who refused to sell to them on credit , the court heard .
In a fit of rage Tevano grabbed their friend around the neck and started to choke until their eyes rolled back and they dropped to the floor .
The killer later told police they had placed a red plastic bag over Mr Roncari 's head to see if they were still breathing as they were not sure if their friend was dead .
Helping themselves to £20 and several bank cards , Tavano also took Mr Roncari 's Jaguar from outside their home .
The car was later dumped on Chester Street in Manchester city centre at 4.50am by Tavano , who was caught on CCTV taking a taxi home to Poynton .
Within hours Tavano had used the bank cards to withdraw £270 from Mr Roncari 's account .
Over the next few days they made 18 purchases using Mr Roncari 's accounts including a chocolate bar , a McDonald 's meal , a coffee machine , a drill and a baseball cap from TK Maxx .
Mr Roncari , a manager at the Italian eatery Avalanche , had been facing trial after a raid on their home uncovered a stash of Class A drugs .
Just weeks before their murder , Mr Roncari appeared at Manchester Crown Court , where they entered not guilty pleas to three charges of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply .
As a condition of their bail they were required to report to Longsight Police Station each day .
When they failed to turn up on the weekend of April 15 and 16 police visited their flat the following Monday .
It was only then that Mr Roncari 's body was discovered and a murder investigation was launched .
After tracing online purchases which had been collected by Tavano using their friend 's bank cards , police also tracked them on CCTV buying items with Mr Roncari 's bank card .
Just days before the murder , Tavano had been sentenced for possession of cocaine and a baseball bat and was arrested while on community service on April 25 .
They told officers Mr Roncari was a ‘ kind man , a sweet man ' and a good friend who would lend them their bank cards because they knew they liked to spend money .
They initially told detectives their friend was ‘ alive and well ' when they had left their flat on Friday night .
But they later admitted that they had argued and they had grabbed Mr Roncari around the neck choking him .
They insisted that they had not intended to kill him .
Andrew Thomas , defending , said former street cleaner Tavano is ‘ truly sorry ' and had lived a ‘ blameless life ' until recently .
The barrister said Tavano had been helping their friend to import and sell wine and almost all their income came from him .
“ He did not intend to kill Mr Roncari but they accept that in their anger they intended really serious harm , ” they added .
Tavano , of Park Lane , Poynton , admitted murder .
Sentencing them to life , Mr Justice Davis said : “ The man you killed was a good friend of yours . They were a man who was respected by friends and family and did a great deal of good for the community .
“ You say you are truly sorry not least because they were such a good friend .
“ On a visit to their home you asked them for drugs and because you had not the means to pay , they refused . Instead you began to strangle them and you accept it was about a minute that you were squeezing the life out of him .
“ Having killed them and put a plastic bag over their head you went through their flat and stole what you could .
“ Instead of grieving or seeking assistance you gathered up their bank cards and set about fleecing their bank and credit card accounts and spent about a week doing so .
“ This leads me to believe that the remorse and sorrow you feel has come rather late in the day . ”
( Image : FACEBOOK )
Senior Investigating Officer Duncan Thorpe of Greater Manchester Police 's Major Incident Support Unit , said : “ Tavano 's anger fuelled their actions that night , taking a man 's life over a dispute .
“ The immoral and opportunist behaviour they displayed after they murdered a man proves there is no place better for them than behind bars .
“ Giorgio was a well-liked and popular man in Salford and will be terribly missed .
“ My thoughts remain with their family and friends at this time . ”
By The Associated Press
A U.S. Open Series event Monday At The Lindner Family Tennis Center Mason , Ohio Purse : Men , $ 4.97 million ( Masters 1000 ) ; Women , $ 2.54 million ( Premier ) Surface : Hard-Outdoor Singles Men First Round
Tommy Paul , United States , def . Donald Young , United States , 6-4 , 7-6 ( 4 ) .
Richard Gasquet , France , def . John-Patrick Smith , Australia , 6-4 , 6-4 .
Ivo Karlovic , Croatia , def . Jiri Vesely , Czech Republic , 6-3 , 3-6 , 7-5 .
Fabio Fognini , Italy , def . Daniil Medvedev , Russia , 7-6 ( 5 ) , 6-4 .
Feliciano Lopez , Spain , def . Chung Hyeon , South Korea , 7-6 ( 5 ) , 6-1 .
Mitchell Krueger , United States , def . Benoit Paire , France , 6-2 , 6-1 .
Sam Querrey ( 15 ) , United States , def . Stefan Kozlov , United States , 6-3 , 6-0 .
Frances Tiafoe , United States , def . Maximilian Marterer , Germany , 6-3 , 7-6 ( 2 ) .
Joao Sousa , Portugal , def . Kyle Edmund , Britain , 6-3 , 2-6 , 6-3 .
Mischa Zverev , Germany , def . Fernando Verdasco , Spain , 6-4 , 6-4 .
Ramkumar Ramanathan , India , def . Christopher Eubanks , United States , 6-7 ( 5 ) , 6-1 , 6-4 .
Women First Round
Petra Kvitova ( 14 ) , Czech Republic , def . Anett Kontaveit , Estonia , 1-6 , 7-6 ( 2 ) , 6-3 .
Beatriz Haddad Maia , Brazil , def . Lauren Davis , United States , 6-3 , 6-2 .
Lesia Tsurenko , Ukraine , def . Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova , Russia , 5-7 , 7-6 ( 6 ) , 6-0 .
Daria Gavrilova , Australia , def . Kristina Mladenovic ( 13 ) , France , 6-0 , 7-6 ( 6 ) .
Camila Giorgi , Italy , def . Katerina Siniakova , Czech Republic , 6-2 , 6-2 .
Kiki Bertens , Netherlands , def . Oceane Dodin , France , 6-3 , 6-0 .
Taylor Townsend , United States , def . Monica Puig , Puerto Rico , 3-6 , 6-3 , 6-2 .
Roberta Vinci , Italy , def . Timea Babos , Hungary , 7-5 , 7-5 .
Yulia Putintseva , Kazakhstan , def . Veronica Cepede Royg , Paraguay , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3 .
Daria Kasatkina , Russia , def . Aliaksandra Sasnovich , Belarus , 6-4 , 6-2 .
Madison Keys ( 16 ) , United States , def . CoCo Vandeweghe , United States , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3 .
Carla Suarez Navarro , Spain , def . Mirjana Lucic-Baroni , Croatia , 6-3 , 7-5 .
Doubles Men First Round
Roberto Bautista Agut and David Ferrer , Spain , def . Paolo Lorenzi , Italy , and Albert Ramos-Vinolas , Spain , 1-6 , 7-6 ( 2 ) , 10-6 .
Ryan Harrison , United States , and Michael Venus , New Zealand , def . Steve Johnson , United States , and Daniel Nestor , Canada , 6-2 , 6-3 .
Fabrice Martin and Edouard Roger-Vasselin , France , def . John Isner and Donald Young , United States , 6-7 ( 4 ) , 6-3 , 10-5 .
Jean-Julien Rojer , Netherlands , and Horia Tecau , Romania , def . Jared Donaldson and Stefan Kozlov , United States , 6-3 , 6-4 .
Women First Round
Andreja Klepac , Slovenia , and Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez , Spain , def . Elise Mertens , Belgium , and Demi Schuurs , Netherlands , 6-2 , 6-2 .
Hsieh Su-wei , Taiwan , and Monica Niculescu , Romania , def . Johanna Konta , Britain , and Christina McHale , United States , 6-2 , 6-2 .
Julia Goerges , Germany , and Olga Savchuk , Ukraine , def . Varvara Lepchenko , United States , and Magdalena Rybarikova , Slovakia , 7-6 ( 2 ) , 6-4 .
Irina-Camelia Begu and Raluca Olaru , Romania , def . Abigail Spears , United States , and Katarina Srebotnik ( 8 ) , Slovenia , 3-6 , 7-5 , 10-6 .
Alla Kudryavtseva , Russia and Alicja Rosolska , Poland , def . Anastasija Sevastova , Latvia , and Donna Vekic , Croatia , 3-6 , 6-3 , 10-5 .
Shuko Aoyama , Japan , and Darija Jurak , Croatia , def . Lauren Davis and Alison Riske , United States , 6-2 , 7-5 .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
San Francisco , CA – Friday , July 4 , 2018 – Bestselling Author Beverly Kyer Hit # 1 on Amazon with their book , “ Surviving Compassion Fatigue : Help For Those Who Help Others , ” which was re-released June 26 , 2018 , by Amazon.com – the nation 's # 1 place to buy books .
On its launch day , “ Surviving Compassion Fatigue : Help For Those Who Help Others ” climbed the Amazon Charts to reach # 1 Bestseller status in SIX categories including Nursing , Work-Related Health , Mental Health Nursing , Community Care , Injury Prevention , and Nursing Home Care . Publisher , Elite Online Publishing , assisted in the re-release of the book .
About the Book
If you 're a Human Service Provider , caregiver , or you work with at-risk populations such as child protective services or adult protective services , as a counselor , social worker , probation officer , medical or mental health professional , with the justice system and law enforcement , also emergency response , rescue and recovery teams , or in any of the dozens of helping professions , Surviving Compassion Fatigue : Help for Those Who Help Others is for you .
You will learn about one woman 's physical and emotional descent due to years of self-neglect . You will also learn about their recovery as well as how to serve and care for others without forgetting to take care of yourself .
This book is full of practical wisdom and advice for those in the helping professions and caregivers . It tells Beverly 's story , as well as the stories of others who have neglected their own self-care . But more than that , it educates those in the helping professions and in caregiver roles about the importance of strategies for consistent self-care .
Find out how you may be putting yourself at risk and learn skills , techniques and strategies to restore and maintain inner self-regulation , physical and emotional wellness and inner calm while still caring for those in need . You owe it to yourself .
About the Author
Beverly Kyer has a Master 's Degree in Social Work and is a member of the Academy of Certified Social Workers . They have postgraduate certificates and over three decades of experience in the integrated approach to readjustment counseling therapist , post-traumatic stress disorder , social research for the mentally ill , and employee assistance program coordination . Beverly was also certified in Toronto Canada at the Traumatology Institute as a Compassion Fatigue Specialist . Beverly became a Clinical Social Worker specializing in pediatric oncology ; PTSD in Vietnam Veterans , and Psychiatric Day Hospital Treatment . They spent much of their career with the Veterans Administration Veterans Outreach Center and Medical Center in The Bronx , New York City . Beverly also spent more than a decade as a direct care service provider in the foster care system . They also spent seven years as an urban high school counselor , providing emotional and psychological support for students and staff . Two episodes of heart failure led Beverly to make a major downshift in their life by resigning from full-time employment , joining the self-employed , and devoting their life to help others who work in highly stressful environments . Beverly lectures around the country on compassion fatigue , which is sometimes known as secondary or vicarious traumatic stress . Beverly has three grown children : two sons and an adopted daughter , and they live in Northern California in a quiet cul-de-sac near the delta . Oil painting , music , movies , and good books are among their passions .
Learn more about Beverly by clicking below :
www.beverlykyer.com
Follow Beverly on Facebook by clicking below :
https : //www.facebook.com/authorbeverlykyer/
Cypriot exports have been on an upward course in recent years , recording a 16 per cent rise in 2016 spearheaded by pharmaceuticals .
The value of Cypriot exports in 2016 reached €963m compared with €832m the previous year and last year they reached €1.25bn .
The biggest share in 2017 was held by pharmaceuticals with €436m , up from €392m the previous year .
Industrial fuel came in at second place with €393m .
Fresh and processed agricultural , livestock , and fishing products fetched some €334m , led by the island 's prized cheese , halloumi , whose exports reached €156m .
“ The positive performance is not accidental nor the product of conjunctures , ” President Nicos Anastasiades said during the export awards event on Monday . “ It is the result of the focused and coordinated actions of entrepreneurs and the state , which , among others , enabled the penetration of Cypriot products into new third-country markets like China , Jordan , and Lebanon . ”
The service sector also played a decisive role in the economic recovery following the 2013 collapse .
According to Central Bank data , the export of services rose to €9.2bn in 2016 , a 7.3 per cent increase on the previous year .
The trend continued last year with services reaching €9.9bn , an 8 per cent annual rise .
Phillies pitcher Seranthony Dominguez throws the baseball in the fifth-inning against the New York Yankees during a spring training game at George M. Steinbrenner Field in Tampa on Thursday , March 8 , 2018 .
Gabe Kapler ventured to Reading Monday night and polished off a 20-ounce ribeye .
“ Medium rare , ” the Phillies manager said . “ Great steak . ”
But dinner was not Kapler 's lone takeaway from their trip to Berks County . They watched double-A Reading and marveled at Serthantony Dominguez , a righthanded reliever who seems destined to reach the majors this season . The manager 's steak was great , but they said Dominguez was “ sensational . ”
“ He definitely has the talent . They definitely have the demeanor , ” Kapler said when asked if Dominguez could contribute this season in Philadelphia . “ One of the things I mentioned as I was watching them was as we went out for mound visits , this is a guy that 's completely composed and in some ways similar to the way that Scott Kingery 's heartbeat is . Very cool , calm and collected . Then to come up and dial up 97 to 98 with a nasty slider . Those two things in combination lead me to believe that they can make an impact . ”
Kapler saw Dominguez retire the three batters they faced in sixth inning . The 23-year-old has retired their last 15 batters and has 18 strikeouts and just two walks in 12 innings . They struck out 75 batters last season in 621/3 innings at high-A Clearwater . Dominguez , who is already on the 40-man roster , first impressed Kapler during spring training when the manager said they had “ electric stuff ” and “ the bravado of a seasoned veteran. ” Kapler watched Reading 's game from a lower-level seat surrounded by members of the team 's player development staff .
“ One of the things that I came away with was that our player development staff is so incredibly invested in what we 're doing here and deserve a lot of credit for the start that we 're off to , ” Kapler said . “ Their fingerprints are all over this major-league club and we 're in this together . ”
Dominguez will for now stay in Reading , but it would not be a surprise if they were moved by June to triple A . The majors would then just be a step away . The Phillies bullpen has been solid , but room can be made if Dominguez continues to impress once he 's promoted . And perhaps Kapler could show them where to find a steak in Center City .
Extra bases
J.P. Crawford and Odubel Herrera were left out of the lineup as the Phillies tried to stack their lineup with righthanders against Arizona lefthander Robbie Ray . “ We like the idea of getting a guy a scheduled off day and giving them one as well , getting them back-to-back recovery and tissue repair , ” Kapler said….Jake Arrieta will face Zach Greinke Wednesday night in a high-profile match-up .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
2018 is going to be all about Akshay Kumar from Padman to Gold , they have back to back releases lined up for the upcoming year . They have taken it on them to do offbeat and real-life inspired movies like Padman which is based on a true story of a social entrepreneur Arunachalam Muruganantham , who invented and provides low-cost sanitary napkins to poor women in rural areas .
Even their last box office success Toilet : Ek Prem Katha was a satirical comedy in support of improvement in the sanitary conditions , with an emphasis on the eradication of open defecation , especially in rural areas .
Kumar on Sunday shared a video of themselves jumping in joy and captioned it : “ A good beginning makes a good ending… True story . It 's a wrap for ‘ Gold ' , an incredible journey with a great team . See you at the movies . ”
All set for Independence Day release : 15 Aug 2018… It 's a wrap for # Gold… Stars Akshay Kumar… Reema Kagti directs… Check out the video clip of Akshay : pic.twitter.com/iIylUwslOf — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) December 10 , 2017
The sports-inspired film is set in the backdrop of the 1948 London Olympics and narrates the story of independent India 's first gold medal win at the Olympics . Produced by Excel Entertainment the film will be directed by Reema Kagti .
Trending
The Arjuna Award winner and former Indian national team captain , Sandeep Singh , was signed to train the actors to improve their hockey skills . A lot of the shooting has been done in Yorkshire and the Midlands , England . Director Reema Kagti said , “ It 's a fictional take on what happened . Also , it is not just the golden victory in 1948 we will be looking at , but it will encompass 12 crucial years in India 's history . ”
Gold will mark the Bollywood debut of popular TV actor Mouni Roy and will feature Amit Sadh in a pivotal role . Gold is all set for release on Independence Day 15 August 2018 .
Aside from the five observation aircraft , officers on fisheries patrol flights will also report whale sightings , and a plane from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will be looking to identify whales later this summer .
Gosselin said they hope to improve management methods for this year and coming years .
`` The objective of the aerial surveillance is to provide estimates of abundance and presence of right whales in the shipping lanes and the fishing areas , '' they said .
`` Also there 's a science objective to have a more global understanding of the occurrence , distribution and abundance of right whales through the season on the east coast of Canada . ''
Six fishing areas in the Gulf of St. Lawrence were closed to several fisheries as of May 22 , including snow crab , rock crab and lobster .
The department is enforcing a static closure zone in the Gulf of St. Lawrence along New Brunswick 's northern coast until June 30 .
DFO is also enforcing dynamic management closures , which will shut down fishing activities for a minimum of 15 days when there is the confirmed presence of North Atlantic right whales .
Fishermen have expressed concerns over the financial impact of the closures , and Gosselin said observers on the planes know the impact of their reports and how important it is to be accurate .
`` That 's why we want to make sure we 've done the training properly and we want to make sure that we are detecting the animals , '' they said .
`` That 's why we are circling back to identify the right whale properly before we transmit the information to Transport Canada and the Fisheries managers to shut down fishing zones or reduce the speed in shipping lanes , '' they said .
By Kevin Bissett , The Canadian Press
April 28 Guangdong Homa Appliances Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 could rise up to 20 percent , or to be 170.9 million yuan to 205.0 million yuan , compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 ( 170.9 million yuan )
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/4X9SUu
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
A man has been arrested for allegedly having a sexual relationship with a girl under 15 and playing 'strip Uno ' with them and their friend .
Scroll for more content ...
Phoenix police report that on June 25 , they arrested 23-year-old Kikin Rodriguez near 36th Street and Thomas Road .
Rodriguez is accused of having a sexual relationship with a girl under 15 years old .
The victim 's friend , who is under 13 years old , told police that they were swimming with their friend and Rodriguez at an apartment complex pool . At one point they found themselves alone in the pool with Rodriguez , who allegedly inappropriately touched them
Later the two girls and Rodriguez were inside the apartment playing `` strip Uno . ''
Upon their arrest , Rodriguez reportedly admitted being in a sexual relationship with the victim , saying they had sexual relations several times , over the past four months .
They also allegedly admitted to playing the `` strip Uno ' game with the two minors , but they deny sexually touching the preteen girl .
Police say Rodriguez also exchanged sexually explicit photos with the victim .
Rodriguez was given a $ 100,000 bond and has been charged with sexual conduct with a minor .
First came in-home delivery . Now , Amazon is offering to drop off packages straight to the trunk of your parked car .
The online giant on Tuesday announced that delivery workers will now be able to place packages in certain vehicles parked at homes , offices , and other publicly-accessible areas . The service is available to Prime members in 37 cities , including the Philadelphia area , who drive Chevrolet , Buick , GMC , and Cadillac cars with an active OnStar account , as well as Volvos with an active Volvo On Call account .
The program is the latest effort by the online behemoth to make it easier for customers to receive online orders . Package theft has long been a persistent problem for online shoppers , and Amazon says in-car delivery is one way to combat the problem . But privacy and legal experts say in-car delivery raises a number of concerns about consumer data , and the ways Amazon can use that information to draw conclusions about shoppers and their habits . And like with in-home delivery , shoppers may be concerned about letting a stranger into their vehicle .
“ Amazon has a voracious appetite for people 's information , and this is one more example of its breathless rush to grab every piece of data and turn it into new forms of revenue , ” said Jeffrey Chester , executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy , a Washington nonprofit .
In November , the company launched Amazon Key , a service that relies on a home-security camera and smart lock to allow couriers into shoppers ' homes to deliver packages . Rival Walmart last year announced a similar program in which delivery workers could bring groceries into shoppers ' kitchens and unload them into their refrigerators , even if nobody is home .
“ Amazon 's tentacles are everywhere , ” said Chester . “ What kind of car do you drive ? Where is it parked ? What do you have in the backseat ? And in which ways will Amazon use that data to market products to you , especially now that they 're getting into ancillary products like life insurance and health insurance ? ” ( An Amazon spokesperson says the company does not take photos of the car , and that Amazon Key only obtains a customer 's vehicle information on the day of delivery . )
This is how it works : Prime members with the Amazon Key app can link their car to their accounts and select “ in-car ” delivery during checkout . On delivery day , Amazon gives customers a four-hour delivery window and directs couriers to the parked car , which is unlocked following an encrypted authentication process . The car is relocked after delivery , and consumers receive real-time updates on their phones .
The new delivery service to cars gives customers the “ same peace of mind ” as in-home delivery with Amazon Key , Peter Larsen , Amazon 's vice president of delivery technology , said in a statement .
The service comes as smart cities and connected cars become more commonplace around the country . After all , some experts say , many drivers now pay parking meters using an app on their phones , and rely on navigational services that know their location at any given time .
“ If you trust Amazon with your data , as many people do , then delivery to the trunk of your car is a safe way to getting your package , and perhaps safer than in-home delivery , ” said Albert Gidari , director of privacy at the Center for internet & Society at Stanford Law School . “ This is another example of trading off privacy and security for convenience . ”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — When President Donald Trump 's U.N. ambassador recently urged the world to sever diplomatic ties with North Korea , they were sketchy on the details : Should all embassies close ? How about those providing the U.S. intelligence from the largely inscrutable country ? And what of Sweden , which helps with imprisoned Americans ?
Nikki Haley 's recent call to action underscores the challenge for the United States as it tries to advance a nonmilitary strategy for resolving the nuclear standoff with North Korea . Isolating the totalitarian state has been a central component of the U.S. plan , even though Washington says it remains open to talks .
Like international economic penalties , the Trump administration believes diplomatic isolation serves a purpose . It 's designed to punish North Korea leader Kim Jong-un for developing an atomic arsenal of bombs .
EL CAJON ( KUSI ) — A Pine Valley man who fatally stabbed a neighbor with a 3-foot Samurai sword during an alcohol-fueled argument on the property where they both lived was sentenced Monday to six years in state prison .
Douglas Kell , 21 , pleaded guilty last month to voluntary manslaughter .
Related Link : Pine Valley man arrested on suspicion of murder
Sheriff 's deputies were called to the 8000 block of Valley View Trail about 5:30 p.m. on Jan. 21 , 2016 , after a neighbor reported hearing loud noises and sounds of an altercation coming from a nearby home . When they arrived , deputies found the lifeless body of 28-year-old Donnie Chip lying in the yard of a home .
Related Link : Pine Valley man accused of murdering neighbor with Samurai sword pleads guilty to murder charge
Kell and Chip got into an argument that turned into a wrestling match . What exactly the two men were arguing about was unclear , said Deputy District Attorney John Cross .
The prosecutor said Chip was stabbed in the chest after Kell retrieved the Samurai sword from inside their house . The victim and the defendant were not roommates but lived on the same property , Cross said .
Winter Paralympic team gets warm homecoming The West Australian
It follows Australia 's best performance in a Winter Paralympics ever .
International Experts to gather in Guyana for Internet Week 2017
DPI , GUYANA , Friday , October 06 , 2017
The business community in Guyana along with other stakeholders will benefit from a networking opportunity next week . Internet and Information Communications Technology ( ICT ) experts from around the world will gather in Georgetown to participate in the annual high-level Technology Conference to mark International Internet Week 2017 .
The seminar will feature five days of technical capacity building discussions at the Guyana Pegasus Hotel from October 9 to 13 , 2017 .
At a press conference on Friday , Minister of Public Telecommunications , Catherine Hughes revealed that the aim of the forum is to provide a baseline and an opportunity to garner information on a number of current issues and activities that are ongoing in the telecommunications and ICT industries .
Lance Hinds , Ministerial Advisor and Head of the Industry and Innovation Unit of the ministry added that the week of activities will provide information on how the internet works , the way it is governed , and the policies for daily governance . They also disclosed that cybersecurity will be one of the major topics , given the constant evolution of the growing inventory of web-connected gadgets utilised in routine business transactions and critical services .
While the Ministry of Public Telecommunications will host this year 's conference , the event is being organised jointly with the Latin America and Caribbean Internet Addresses Registry ( LACNIC ) who distributes and manages internet number resources in the region . Other bodies participating include the Internet Society ( ISOC ) , Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) , Caribbean Telecommunications Union ( CTU ) and the Caribbean Network Operators Group ( CaribNOG ) .
The opening day , which has been designated ICT Awareness Day , will introduce discussions on cybersecurity , social networking and digital responsibility among other topics . ISOC and ICANN are expected to lead the discussion on Internet Governance on day two . The final day has been reserved for youths and budding ICT specialists and is open to secondary and tertiary level students , youths utilising community ICT hubs , and other young people interested in carving out a career in IT .
By : Gabreila Patram
I was a New Jersey school district superintendent for 17 years . I dealt with the achievement gap on a frequent basis . The New Jersey Department of Education monitors districts on their success in reducing the achievement gap and penalizes districts on the Quality Single Accountability Continuum ( QSAC ) instrument for failure to reduce this gap .
In “ The Myth of Sisyphus , ” Albert Camus introduced their philosophy of the absurd . The gods had condemned Sisyphus to ceaselessly roll a rock to the top of a mountain , where it is destined to fall back under its own weight . Are educators who seek to close the achievement gap doomed to suffer the same fate as Sisyphus ? To understand the answer to this question , it is helpful to reconsider the Coleman Report .
The year 2016 represented the 50th anniversary of the Coleman Report , also known as “ Equality of Educational Opportunity. ” At that time , schools had been desegregated for 12 years , but there was still an achievement gap . Congress wanted an explanation and commissioned James Coleman to find out why . In the 1966 landmark EEO report , Coleman and their team from Johns Hopkins University concluded that schools had little effect on the lives of students independent of parental , social , and economic status . Whereas Coleman 's research methodology had limitations , the fact that the Coleman report remains relevant more than 50 years later indicates the tremendous importance of the EEO .
Click here for the full article »
Axiom Market Research & Consulting™ added a Camphor Market Report , by Type , Application , and Geography-Global Market Share , Trends , Analysis and Forecasts Up to 2024
Camphor has a pleasant odor that is crystalline and translucent terpene ketone . It is primarily produced by distilling woods and barks of camphor trees . It is a flammable , waxy , transparent , or white solid that has a brawny odor . It is popularly known as Kapur tree and is largely found in Asia . Camphor is used for various medicinal purposes , as an essence in cooking and for religious rituals in Asia Pacific , especially India . Owing to wide range of medical properties , camphor are used for various medicinal applications as it helps reduce pain and swelling , helps relax worn out muscles and reduces congestion and cough . Tablets made out of camphor are used in various skin care products as it reduces acne and pimples . It is also used as repellent in agriculture and even for household activities to keep away reptiles and insects . Hence , a substantial growth is projected in the agriculture industry . The global camphor market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.2 % from 2019 to 2024 .
The key factor driving the growth of global camphor market is the rising demand for camphor from the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry . With the increasing consumer awareness of natural , herbal , and skin-friendly products , the demand for camphor tablets is projected to increase in the near future . On the contrary , availability of other competing materials that can serve the similar purpose at the reduced cost may significantly hamper the growth of camphor market in the coming years .
Download a Free Sample PDF of the report at Click Here
The global camphor market has been segmented based on type , application , and geography . Based on types , the global camphor market has been segmented into tablets , oil , and others . Based on applications , the global camphor market has been segmented into pharmaceuticals , food , chemicals , agriculture , others . Among various applications , pharmaceuticals accounted for a major share in the global camphor market in 2017 and this segment is further expected to remain dominant in the near future expanding at a CAGR between 7.5 % to 8.5 % from 2019 to 2024 . Other application segments are also expected to showcase significant growth thereby boost the demand for camphor over the forecast period from 2018 to 2024 .
Scope & Analysis of the Report Based on Geography :
The global market is studied for key regions such as , North America which includes U.S. , Canada and Mexico , Europe which includes Germany , France , U.K. , Italy , Rest of Europe , Asia Pacific which includes China , Japan , India , South Korea , Rest of Asia Pacific and Rest of the world which includes Latin America and Middle East and Africa .
Global Camphor Market Is Led By Key Companies :
The key companies that lead the Camphor market are included ,
The global camphor market is concentrated with leading manufacturers such as Camphor and Allied Products Ltd. having the strong hold on the global market . Some of the key manufacturers of camphor in the global market include Camphor and Allied Products ltd. , Beijing Herbal Health Biotech LLC and Hunan Nutramax Inc , among others
Have Any Query ? About Camphor Market Report at speak-to-analyst ?
Key Questions Answered in Report : –
• What are the Future Scope of global Camphor market up to 2024
• What are the challenges to market growth ?
• Who are the key vendors in the global Camphor market ?
• What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2024 ?
• What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the global Camphor market ?
• What are the key Companies the global Camphor market ?
• What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Camphor market ?
Tayana Knight on their cell phone while at their home . Most of their time is spent looking at devices , except for when they are at Camp Jamison , which has a strict no screen policy .
When the Keller kids — Nathaniel , 9 , Celeste , 13 , and Hayden , 16 — go away to summer camp in Maine , their mom , Amanda Aronoff , worries about them .
But not enough that she 'd want them to break the cellphone ban . Implemented by 90 percent of camps accredited by the American Camp Association , rules prohibiting tech allow kids to relearn the art of screenless living .
“ They learn independence and have a chance to negotiate social situations on their own , ” insisted Aronoff , of Queen Village . “ If they could text me every time they were upset , that would obviously change that scenario . ”
In fact , without phones , kids ' brains change . In a 2014 study by child development expert Yalda T. Uhls of Common Sense Media , preteens who spent just five days at a sleepaway nature camp without access to screens developed a greater understanding of real-world interpersonal communication cues . The campers were better at reading facial expressions , making eye contact , and interpreting tone of voice and other prompts , such as posture and keeping an appropriate spatial distance with others .
But as kids are used to spending more waking hours with a screen than doing any other activity — about two hours and 15 minutes for kids 8 and younger , six hours for tweens , and nine hours for teens — camp without a smartphone remains a challenge .
Kids and parents have had to flex old muscles of independence . Camp administrators have learned to hone the rules and repercussions of cellphone bans ( families have implemented creative ways to smuggle in devices ) . So , as we enter the season of camp registration , we thought we 'd ask : How 's everyone been faring ?
Going tech-free for camp was hard the summer after Isabela Alvarez finally got their own phone — but not as difficult as the following year at Appel Farm Music and Arts Camp in Elmer , N.J . They were in middle school , said Alvarez , now 21 , a student at the University of Pennsylvania . “ Twitter and Instant Messenger were popular , and that disconnect from the outside world was something I had to get used to . ”
Upon reflection , Alvarez thinks going tech-free forced them to make friends . “ I 'm a shy person , so even today , I feel I have the protection of my cellphone if I do n't want to participate . ”
Making new friends will happen more easily without devices , said Mickey Black , owner of Pine Forest Camp , Lake Owego Camp , and Camp Timber Tops , all in the Pocono Mountains .
“ It 's a simpler life , a little bubble from the world for that time , ” they said .
Still , most campers are initially anxious without their devices , said Tom Rosenberg , president and CEO of the American Camp Association , but once they get involved in the activities and camp community , they get through their withdrawal rather quickly .
The biggest culprits are the parents , they insisted . “ Part of going to camp is learning how to solve problems with your friends and your counselors , but also learning to manage yourself better . ”
Despite often being forced to sign a pledge , parents and campers find ways to subvert the rules — like the night at the International Sports Training Camp in Stroudsburg , Pa. , when a camper 's teddy bear began vibrating .
“ When we catch them with the phone , we confiscate it , ” said Mark Major , camp director . The parents must then pay $ 25 to get the phone back , a fine the camp donates to charity . Several years ago , that added up to a $ 400 donation , but last year only $ 50 .
“ There 's a very interesting paradigm shift that 's happening now , ” said Major , whose camp has never allowed technology throughout its 25-year existence . “ Ten to 15 years ago , parents used to send their kids with two cellphones , so when we found one they would still have a backup . Now , the parents are on our side . ”
Instead , it 's the parent liaisons who get the calls : Parents cut off from their kids can speak to an administrator to hear the details about their happiness , their allergies , their shampoo supply .
Or , they can witness it themselves . In an ironic twist of technology , the fears Serena Gibson of South Philadelphia felt knowing they would n't be allowed to call their daughter when they first went to camp at age 7 were quelled when they saw videos posted by the camp on Facebook that showed Tayana was having fun .
Other parents , too , have learned to go with the flow .
“ There are definitely times I wish could pick up the phone and say , ‘ How are you ? I miss you , ' ” Cristy Michaels of Bella Vista said about when their kids , Georgia , 11 , and Marina , 8 , go to camp . “ But it 's definitely better not to do that . You 're sending your kid to get a sense of self , independence , and autonomy . ”
A device-free experience encourages campers to be present , practice human interaction , and enjoy the great outdoors — skills sorely lacking among Gen Zers ( those born between 1995 and 2012 ) , said Rosenberg . Living without phones also cultivates a feeling of safety and privacy ; kids might post pictures of their peers without consent .
“ It 's an intimate living situation , so if there were a way to take a picture and post it … It corrupts the whole trust that summer camp is built on , ” said Black .
In the end , nobody knows whether screen time is harmful for kids , said Katherine Dahlsgaard , director of the anxiety behaviors clinic at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . “ But kids deserve a break from all the things screen time entails — sitting still , being passive , not getting fresh air , sunshine , or vitamin D. It 's useful for kids to change up their routines and learn new skills . ”
At camp , kids learn how to entertain themselves when there are n't screens around , which , Dahlsgaard said , is one of the crucial developmental achievements of childhood .
George Tadross misses their 11-year-old daughter , Noelle , when she 's away for weeks at a time . But if not getting to talk to them means she 'll be able to make real connections with their friends — “ as opposed to modern-day play dates where they 're all just sitting around playing on different devices ” — he 's supportive .
There are other benefits : handwritten letters . There was one camp Noelle attended where parents would type letters on the camp website that would be printed out for kids .
“ Though it is faster , it 's just not the same as sending and receiving a good , old-fashioned letter , ” Tadross said . Perhaps the analog approach has taken hold : They just learned Noelle saved all the written letters they received , and none of the typed ones .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
YOKOSUKA , Japan ( AP ) — An industrial group developing nuclear decommissioning technology has unveiled a swimming robot designed to be used underwater to investigate damage in three reactors at the wrecked Fukushima Dai-Ichi plant in northeastern Japan .
Remote controlled robots are key to the decades-long decommissioning process , but super-high radiation hampered earlier attempts to probe damage to the reactors from meltdowns following a massive earthquake and tsunami in March 2011 .
The developers said Thursday they plan to send the probe into the primary containment vessel of Unit 3 at Fukushima this summer to study the extent of damage and locate parts of melted fuel that is thought to have fallen to the bottom of the chamber and been submerged by highly radioactive water .
Japan hopes to start removing the fuel after Tokyo 's 2020 Olympics .
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK , Calif. ( AP ) — Mother Nature is again putting on a show at California 's Yosemite National Park , where every February the setting sun draws a narrow sliver of light on a waterfall to make it glow like a cascade of molten lava .
The phenomenon known as “ firefall ” draws scores of photographers to a spot near Horsetail Fall , which flows down the granite face of the park 's famed rock formation , El Capitan .
Capturing the sight is a challenge . Horsetail Fall only flows in the winter or spring , when there is enough rain and snow . The sun lights up the fall for only about two minutes at dusk for a few days in February .
Some photographers have had success this year as pictures of the glowing falls are showing up on social media .
Authors Sally Murphy and Andrew are in the running for the 2018 Children 's Book Council of Australia Book of the Year Award after being named on the notable books list .
Authors Sally Murphy and Andrew are in the running for the 2018 Children 's Book Council of Australia Book of the Year Award after being named on the notable books list . Picture : South Western Times
Not one , but two Bunbury authors are in the running for the 2018 Children 's Book Council of Australia Book of the Year Award after standing out among 444 entries to make the prestigious Notable Books list .
Sally Murphy made the list for the fourth time in their career with their latest novel Looking Up , while Bunbury artist Andrew Frazer was honoured for the first time for their illustrations in Drawn Onward , which was written by Meg McKinlay .
Looking Up follows a young boy named Pete who wants a telescope for their birthday , but ends up finding the grandpa they never knew they had .
Dr Murphy said despite being named on this list a number of times , it was something they never got used to .
“ It is always exciting to be recognised and appreciated , ” they said .
They were particularly pleased Looking Up had made the list in the Young Readers category .
“ It is quite short for the age group and was really my attempt to make the verse novels I 'm known for work as prose , ” they said .
Drawn Onward is written as a palindrome and it encourages readers to change their view from a glass half empty to a glass half full .
Mr Frazer said they were “ stoked ” to see the book named in the Picture Book of the Year Category .
“ I think in some ways I am riding on Meg McKinlay 's coat tails because they are brilliant , ” they said .
“ Her words have really moved me , so it is really nice to be a part of that journey together . ”
Mr Frazer said they wanted to honour Ms McKinlay 's words and make their message as accessible as possible through their illustrations .
“ The lettering was purposefully designed to encourage the reader to slow down and really absorb what is being communicated , ” they said .
“ I did n't want people to push the ejection button too early as the message written by Meg is so powerful , if we are willing to journey through the pages . ”
The shortlist will be announced on March 27 , with the winners being named during Book Week in August 2018 .
Qatar Airways is introducing another dimension to luxury travel for WA travellers with its A380 super jumbo .
The plane , which will operate from Tuesday , is just the start , with the flight to Doha connecting with a fleet of new Airbus A350s fitted with the airline 's latest upgrade — the business-class Q Suites .
Qatar 's A380s have a magnificent lounge and bar for premium passengers and an exclusive and spacious economy area on the upper deck for those savvy enough to get in early .
AIRLINE RATINGS : QATAR AIRWAYS
And if you are flying first class there are two huge and opulent powder rooms to make sure you look just right .
The airline has nine A380s that have eight first-class , 48 business-class and 461 economy-class seats .
The 517-seat A380 super jumbo replaces the airline 's 358-seat Boeing 777-300ERs .
For economy passengers the A380 is great news with 2cm more legroom and almost 4cm more seat width .
Camera Icon Business and First class lounge on Qatar A380 .
And on the upper deck the economy cabin has even more room with a 2-4-2 cross-section , with the set of two seats having its own locker against the window .
The extra room extends to Qatar 's new A350s , which the airline is using for a host of European destinations from Doha .
The A350 features the airline 's new business-class Q Suites , the first to feature a fully enclosed seat .
At 21.5 inches across , the seat is not the widest in the sky but there 's no feeling of being cramped .
The Q Suites are essentially what most airlines call first class and the airline has set a new benchmark for the industry .
Camera Icon A first class seat . Picture : Supplied
Q Suites will be fitted to the airline 's entire fleet of A350s and 777s by late next year and a modified version of it is being designed for the 787 and A380 .
Qatar has added many more destinations to its network including : Nice , Dublin , Skopje and Sohar , in Oman ; Prague , Sarajevo , St. Petersburg , Thessaloniki , Mykonos and Cardiff .
Qatar was launched in 1997 with five planes and under chief executive Al Baker , it has grown to be one of the world 's top airlines serving more than 150 destinations across six continents .
It has 200 planes with an average age of less than five years and 350 more on order with Airbus and Boeing with a catalogue price of US $ 92 billion .
By The Associated Press
tx <
$ vscores2 <
SOUTH
Alabama 73 , Grambling St. 49 <
Bethune-Cookman 61 , Palm Beach Atlantic 48 <
Duke 101 , Winthrop 30 <
Florida 72 , Marshall 69 <
Florida Gulf Coast 99 , Ave Maria 35 <
Florida St. 77 , Arizona St. 66 <
Georgia St. 91 , North Greenville 89 <
Georgia Tech 80 , Texas-Arlington 52 <
IUPUI 68 , Tennessee Tech 54 <
Jacksonville 79 , Flagler 52 <
King ( Tenn. ) 92 , Converse 83 <
LSU 73 , Tulane 50 <
Maryville ( Tenn. ) 77 , Huntingdon 53 <
Mercer 67 , UNC Asheville 56 <
Miami 65 , Kentucky 54 <
Mississippi St. 86 , UALR 48 <
NC State 63 , Georgetown 49 <
North Carolina 84 , Furman 56 <
North Florida 77 , Florida A & M 68 <
Radford 79 , VCU 62 <
Tennessee 82 , Texas 75 <
UCF 62 , Georgia Southern 38 <
Virginia Tech 64 , Chattanooga 44 <
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
ANKARA - Turkish forces will withdraw from the Syrian border region of Afrin , leaving it to its “ real owners ” , once it has been cleared of “ terrorists ” , Turkey said on Monday .
Turkey and its Syrian rebel allies swept into the regional capital , also called Afrin , on Sunday , raising their flags in the town center and declaring full control after an eight-week campaign against the Kurdish YPG militia .
“ We are not permanent there ( in Afrin ) and we are certainly not invaders . Our goal is to hand the region back to its real owners after clearing it of terrorists , ” Bekir Bozdag , a deputy prime minister , told reporters .
PASCAGOULA , Miss . -- A Pascagoula man will serve 15 years in the custody of the Mississippi Department of Corrections after pleading guilty to possession and trafficking .
James Edward Black , Jr. , 32 , of Pascagoula , pled guilty to one count of possession of marijuana , two counts of possession of a controlled substance and one count of trafficking a controlled substance .
According to Jackson County District Attorney Tony Lawrence , a search warrant executed in November 2015 , law enforcement found controlled substances in Black 's home , vehicle , and on them personally .
The investigation by the South Mississippi Metro Enforcement Team revealed that Black had been selling marijuana and prescription pills .
`` I am proud of the South Mississippi Metro Enforcement Team , who has made significant strides in cleaning up our streets and keeping our children safe , '' Lawrence said . `` All too often , crimes in our community have some correlation to drugs . This defendant dealt opioids , causing many to suffer from addiction and I hope that this fifteen-year , day for day , sentence serves as a deterrent to others . ''
US internet giant Amazon will block Australian shoppers from its international websites to counter new tax laws on online purchases , it announced Thursday .
New rules require internet retailers like the American behemoth to collect 10 percent goods and services tax on everything bought from overseas sites from July 1 , including under the current tax-free threshold of Aus $ 1,000 ( US $ 760 ) .
As a result , Amazon said Australian shoppers wanting to use its global platforms will instead be directed to its smaller Australian site , which offers much less for sale .
Amazon reportedly baulked at the massive administrative burden of tracking GST from all overseas transactions .
`` While we regret any inconvenience this may cause customers , we have had to assess the workability of the legislation as a global business with multiple international sites , '' it said in a statement .
The retailer said it would compensate by opening a `` global store '' for Australians , adding an extra four million items previously available only on its American website .
`` This will allow us to provide our customers with continued access to ( our ) international selection and remain compliant with the law , '' it said .
But even with the changes , the number of products available will be a fraction of what 's on sale globally .
The new tax rules were brought in after years of lobbying by struggling local retailers , which have to apply GST to all online and store sales ,
Low consumer confidence and tepid wage growth have also hit traditional brick and mortar retail operations .
Amazon only launched a local Australian site last December , shipping from a warehouse in Melbourne with another planned in Sydney .
It had around Aus $ 1 billion in sales from Australia annually through shipping from overseas ahead of the launch , according to Morgan Stanley analysts .
Treasurer Scott Morrison said the new laws `` level the playing field for Australian businesses '' .
`` The government does n't apologise for ensuring multinationals pay a fair amount of tax here in Australia , '' they said .
× Future Uncertain for Burned-Out Bakery
HONESDALE , Pa. — The future of a beloved bakery in part of Wayne County is in question after flames gutted much of the place on the same day the owner was celebrating their 95th birthday .
Day 's Bakery closed a few years ago . The owners retired and the business has been for sale ever since .
Mrs. Day never thought at 95 years old they would be celebrating their birthday on Sunday and then having to watch as their family 's life work burned .
One day after flames scorched what was once Day 's Bakery in Honesdale , the place was boarded up , the siding melted . And a sense that , of all days for this to happen , was Doris Day 's 95th birthday party .
“ I ca n't imagine any party ever ending like that . It 's too much , ” Day said .
The family 's matriarch had just returned home after their party when they noticed something was wrong in the bakery . The business has been closed three years but a relative baked treats for the party just last week .
Day sipped their coffee at a neighboring business where she 's staying for now . Investigators found a faulty refrigerator to blame for all the damage , including to their home upstairs .
“ I 'm fine , the house is a mess , saw the upstairs , not the downstairs . We 'll get it straightened out . ”
Day 's Bakery in Honesdale has been closed for a number of years now and a lot of people hoped it would come back eventually . Now the Day family fears the recipes long held by the family have been lost to fire .
“ They 're there , not sure how much they burned . ”
Neighbors were worried they were going to lose more than a landmark but also Mrs. Day .
“ It was scary , it was really scary , ” Margaret Keegan said . “ Day 's Bakery has been there since we 're little kids . We all grew up together and love each other . We 're a huge family . We would do anything . ”
Folks who came to Day 's for everything from bread to donuts and cookies had always hoped it would reopen and now , that 's uncertain .
“ I was hoping someone would take it over , I do n't know . Saw pictures from the fire department , does n't look likely unless they start from scratch , ” Kathy Taninies said .
The Day family tells Newswatch 16 there was a handshake agreement with a potential buyer for the business , but now , that could be in jeopardy . They 're waiting to hear back from the insurance company .
The Eagles held the second practice of their three-day mandatory minicamp on Wednesday . Here are my observations from the session :
1 . Carson Wentz looked sharp . It might have been the best he 's thrown during the open practices . Asked to assess their day afterward , the Eagles quarterback said the offense had a good day , but they did n't know where they would rank it . But there have clearly been days when the defense has gotten the better of Wentz and their unit , and Wednesday was not one of those days . Two highlights came on deep passes to Nelson Agholor . Wentz floated a “ touchdown ” toss to their receiver after Agholor got by cornerback Rasul Douglas . It looked like a broken coverage , but Wentz did a fine job of recognizing the breakdown . The other deep ball was a thing of beauty . Agholor got behind corner Jalen Mills out of the slot and Wentz dropped a 50-yard-or-so heave right in their bucket . “ Dimes . That 's what they do , ” said Agholor , who coasted into the end zone . “ He throws dimes. ” Wentz had many other impressive throws . They tossed a few ill-advised passes . An up-for-grabs heave was over receiver Torrey Smith 's head , and safety Rodney McLeod intercepted it . But for the most part , Wentz was on point . I 'll have more on the quarterback in my column for tomorrow 's newspaper and for Philly.com .
2 . Agholor has had a solid camp . The physical abilities have always been there , but they seem to be playing with more confidence . They still average about a drop per practice – they could n't hang onto a short pass during 7-on-7s on Wednesday – but they have made the best of many of their opportunities . With Jordan Matthews still out with knee tendinitis , Agohlor has lined up in the slot more often . They could have more comfort inside . I do n't believe I 've seen Alshon Jeffery drop a single pass during individual or team drills this spring . Wentz and Jeffery hooked up for about an impressive 15-yard gain when the quarterback fired a pass just over the dropping Brandon Graham . I feel I should be writing more about Jeffery 's cleats , which are predominantly white . They 're pretty sweet .
3 . Shelton Gibson 's struggles continued . The fifth-round rookie has had trouble holding onto the ball . News flash : Receivers drop passes , especially first-year ones . But a significant number of Gibson 's drops have come during individual drills when there is n't any competition . During one drill , assistant coach Mike Groh had their receivers run through a ladder , turn through flags and catch a pass . Gibson was last through and had to wait for a pass because Groh was without a ball . When the ball was finally delivered , Gibson dropped it . “ Look it into your hands , ” Groh said for what might have been the umpteenth time . Later , as the receivers took passes from quarterbacks , Gibson went into their break and slid to the ground . Ca n't catch passes there . They did have a nice contested grab during 7-on-7s . But otherwise , Gibson has been absent during team drills . Their spot on the roster is anything but guaranteed . Some have written Dorial Green-Beckham off the team , but they could still secure a roster spot if the Eagles keep six receivers . Green-Beckham missed Wednesday 's practice with an apparent foot injury .
4 . Isaac Seumalo took a fair number of snaps at center with the first team . Jason Kelce 's job would n't seem to be in jeopardy . Teams will rotate players in and out of various groups all the time during camp . But Seumalo 's center reps show that the Eagles still believe they can play the position at this level . Stefen Wisniewski had taken some center snaps with the starters during organized team activities ( OTAs ) . Seumalo also continued to split first-team time with Allen Barbre at left guard .
5 . The education of Rasul Douglas is ongoing . After Agholor toasted him , they raised their arms as if confused by the assignments in the secondary . Was the blown coverage theirs or someone else 's fault ? I could n't get an answer after practice . Later , Wentz flicked a quick toss to Agholor and Douglas appeared to arrive late for the tackle . The rookie has obvious talent and the Eagles clearly believe they can contribute at this level . They would n't have them playing with the first-team defense if they thought otherwise ( although the lack of depth at the position is also a factor ) . But he 's got a ways to go , which is expected . Fellow rookie Sidney Jones ( Achilles ) watched practice for the second day in a row .
Poll When do you expect Lane Johnson to take over for Jason Peters at left tackle ? Sometime this season
Next season
After that Vote Results
6 . Defensive line coach Chris Wilson might be the most vocal of the assistants . They were much quieter last year , but seems to have become more comfortable as evidenced by the expletive-filled rants they often direct at their players . When Wentz found a wide-open Smith underneath , Wilson dropped a litany of f-bombs at their first unit . When defensive end Alex McCalister was flagged for a neutral-zone violation , their coach vocally pulled them to the sidelines and gave them an earful . Wilson might have fired up end Steve Means , who locked horns with tight end Anthony Denham after one play . They tussled until offensive linemen Taylor Hart and Josh Andrews broke it up . Defensive tackle Fletcher Cox left practice with an apparent injury . Gabe Wright took a number of first-team snaps in their place .
7 . Kicker Caleb Sturgis got a fair amount of work . They attempted 10 field goals and booted kickoffs . They connected on all 10 tries and was 8 for 8 during a set that included kicks from 33 , 38 , 43 , 45 , 45 , 48 , 45 and 43 yards . They later hit on 49- and 33-yard attempts . The following four players returned kicks : Wendell Smallwood , Smith , Agholor and Donnel Pumphrey .
8 . Zach Ertz has had a very good camp . They had several nifty grabs Wednesday . They went up and caught a high throw from Wentz just over McLeod . They pulled in an over-the-shoulder pass just inbounds for about 15 yards . And they turned a safety around with a 15-yard “ out ” route . Ertz 's timing with Wentz has been among the best of the quarterback 's receivers . They seemed to get off to a slow start last season , but seem to be carrying over last December 's chemistry in this off-season .
9 . Aside from Green-Beckham , Matthews , and Jones , defensive tackle Destiny Vaeao ( calf ) and center Tyler Orlosky ( knee ) did n't practice . Linebacker Joe Walker ( knee ) and cornerback Ron Brooks ( quad ) were still limited . Tackle Jason Peters was held out of team drills . Nick Foles was still on an excused absence to be with their wife .
10 . And a few leftovers : Doug Pederson said that training camp would still have live tackling periods on three days . … Pederson also said running back Ryan Mathews ( neck ) had been excused from camp . They said they did n't know where Mathews was rehabbing after neck surgery .
TOKYO ( AP ) — Shares were mostly lower in Asia on Tuesday as investors stepped back after several days of advances , erasing early gains . Markets are awaiting the Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday and the outcome of a major Chinese planning conference .
KEEPING SCORE : Japan 's Nikkei 225 index lost 0.3 percent to 22,866.17 while South Korea 's Kospi dropped 0.5 percent to 2,458.56 . The Hang Seng index in Hong Kong shed 0.2 percent to 28,894.58 . The Shanghai Composite index shed 0.7 percent to 3,300.24 . The S & P ASX 200 added 0.3 percent to 6,013.20 , but India 's Sensex dropped 0.4 percent to 33,314.89 . Other regional markets were mostly lower .
WALL STREET : Technology and health-cre companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Monday , driving the market to another set of milestones , with the Standard & Poor 's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average finishing at new highs . The S & P 500 index rose 0.3 percent to 2,659.99 . The Dow gained 0.2 percent to 24,386.03 and the Nasdaq composite added 0.5 percent to 6,875.08 . The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 0.1 percent to 1,519.84 .
ANALYST VIEWPOINT : “ The market is kind of in a holding pattern , just sort of waiting for the Fed meeting , ” said Randy Frederick , vice president of trading & derivatives at Charles Schwab . “ The Fed sees enough strength in the overall economy , despite the lack of inflation , to still go ahead and continue to hike rates . ”
Advertisement
FEDERAL RESERVE : The Fed is expected to lift short-term interest rates by 0.25 percent on Wednesday , the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year . While inflation has remained low , the central bank has seen a path to gradually raise rates as the economy and labor market have strengthened .
CHINA : Investors are watching for details from an annual economic planning conference in Beijing that will set the pace for reforms and growth in the world 's second-largest economy . The state-run Xinhua News Agency reported Friday that President Xi Jinping told fellow leaders that the focus should shift to quality of life and improve innovation and competitiveness . Worries over possible moves to curb property market speculation were overshadowing trading on Tuesday .
BITCOIN : Bitcoin futures rose on their first day of trading on a major U.S. exchange , with the first-ever futures contract gaining 20 percent to close at $ 18,545 , according to data from Cboe Global Markets . The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $ 1,000 and was at $ 16,502.25 as of 06:20 GMT Tuesday , according to Coindesk .
ENERGY : Benchmark U.S. crude gained 43 cents to $ 58.42 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange . It advanced 63 cents , or 1.1 percent , to settle at $ 57.99 per barrel on Monday . Brent crude , the international standard , climbed 86 cents to $ 65.55 per barrel . It added $ 1.29 , or 2 percent , to close at $ 64.69 per barrel in London .
CURRENCIES : The dollar edged down to 113.44 Japanese yen from 113.55 yen late Monday . The euro rose to $ 1.1744 from $ 1.1770 .
___
AP Business Writer Alex Veiga in Los Angeles , California , contributed .
Perth Scorchers coach Justin Langer has demanded consistency from Cricket Australia after three stars from the national Twenty20 squad were released to play in today 's Big Bash League final .
CA yesterday backflipped on their own policy not to release players from Australian camps for BBL duties , as the once clear distinction in priority between the international and domestic levels continues to blur .
WA top-order blaster D'Arcy Short , keeper-batsman Alex Carey and batsman Travis Head will fly to Adelaide early this morning for the BBL showpiece between Adelaide Strikers and Hobart Hurricanes .
Key players Ashton Agar and AJ Tye were not released to the Scorchers on Thursday , when they conceded the highest score in their history to crash out in the semifinals against the Hurricanes .
“ What I do n't like is the inconsistency . I find that phenomenal really , ” Langer told ABC Radio yesterday .
“ We were told at the start of the Big Bash that none of the players who were in the Australian team would play the Big Bash and now all of a sudden they are . “ We would have loved to have had Ashton Agar and AJ Tye playing for us the other night , and now all of a sudden that changes . ”
Scorchers coach Justin Langer has issued a ‘ please explain ' to CA . Picture : Getty Images
Head was released to bat and bowl for the Strikers in Friday night 's semifinal , however key all-rounder Agar was not released for Perth 's semifinal 24 hours earlier . Agar bowled 16 dot balls against Hobart when the teams met at the WACA Ground a fortnight ago .
The Scorchers are believed to be in negotiations with gun Melbourne Stars all-rounder Marcus Stoinis , who is now out of contract , about playing in orange next summer .
However Short , another Warrior , is understood to be on the cusp of agreeing to a long-term contract extension with the Hurricanes .
Short , who made their Twenty20 international debut at the SCG last night , still has a year remaining on their initial three-year deal but Hobart are keen to lock them in for longer .
The Scorchers ' pursuit of Stoinis , who already has a WA contract , could further inflame tensions over the ability of the clubs in one-team States to bundle BBL and State contracts .
CA 's decision to release Short and Carey for the BBL final will ensure the competition 's two leading runscorers will feature . The pair made their T20 international debuts last night against New Zealand , while Head did not play .
Strikers fast bowler Billy Stanlake , who also played for Australia last night and has a history of injuries , was not released from the Australian squad for the BBL final .
Short , Carey and Head will fly to Hobart tomorrow to rejoin the Australian team ahead of Wednesday 's match against England .
ORCHARD PARK , N.Y. ( AP ) — Snow angels and snowball fights .
Buffalo Bills receiver Deonte Thompson suddenly has a tale to tell their grandkids about the day they played in near white-out conditions .
“ I 'm from Belle Glade , Florida , and we do n't see this kind of snow , ” Thompson said following the Bills ' 13-7 overtime win against the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday .
“ But it was actually fun . I 'm not going to lie , ” they added . “ This is a game you dreamed about playing as a kid , playing in snowy games . It definitely was a fun day . ”
Thompson was n't affected by the conditions . They made a 35-yard catch up the right sideline on the Bills final drive that ended with LeSean McCoy finding a hole up the middle before cutting to their left to score on a 21-yard run with 1:33 left in overtime .
The Bills ' bench erupted in celebration .
Several players ran on the field and made snow angels . Others playfully engaged in snowball fights . And the fans who braved the arctic elements threw up handfuls of snow as if it was confetti .
“ Unbelievable , ” safety Jordan Poyer said of the fans . “ Our fans are unbelievable to come out here in 20 degrees or minus-20 degrees or whatever it was . But them being out here and supporting us , it 's huge . ”
Poyer and Thompson were among the 30 Bills newcomers to the roster to get a first taste of how much snow a lake-effect storm can dump on New Era Field . The flakes started falling 90 minutes before kickoff . And an hour later , the snow was so thick it was near impossible to see from one side of the field to the other .
The field was snow-covered for the entire game , with a regular parade of work crews taking the field with snow blowers on their backs to clear the yard lines .
McCoy finished with 156 yards rushing , and Buffalo ( 7-6 ) won for just the second time in six games to stay in the AFC playoff picture .
The Colts ( 3-10 ) have lost seven of eight and squandered two chances to win the game in the final two minutes .
Trailing 7-0 , Colts quarterback Jacoby Brissett hit Jack Doyle for a 3-yard touchdown with 1:16 left . Doyle then caught a pass on a 2-point conversion attempt only to have it negated by an offensive pass interference penalty against receiver Kamar Aiken .
Kicker Adam Vinatieri also missed a 43-yard field-goal attempt wide left with 1 second left .
“ I drove it . I thought it had a chance , ” said Vinatieri , who did hit a 43-yard point-after attempt to tie the game . “ That 's probably the worst conditions I 've played in maybe ever . ”
QUARTERBACK CONCERNS : The Bills face more questions at quarterback after rookie Nathan Peterman sustained a possible concussion late in the third quarter .
Peterman was hurt while diving head first and being tackled on a 2-yard run . Peterman was starting in place of Tyrod Taylor , who was inactive a week after bruising their left knee in a 23-3 loss to the New England Patriots .
Third-stringer Joe Webb finished the game and went 2 of 6 for 35 yards passing and an interception , and had five carries for 27 yards .
ON THE RUN : Colts running back Frank Gore had 130 yards on a career-best 36 carries . Gore topped 100 yards for the first time in 15 games going back to last season . It was also the 42nd 100-yard rushing game of their career to move them into a tie with O.J . Simpson for 16th on the NFL list .
COPING WITH WEATHER : The dome-field Colts were forced to adapt to the outdoors by sticking with the ground game . Brissett finished 11 of 22 for 69 yards passing .
The Colts ran the ball on their first 17 plays of the game before Brissett attempted their first pass by hitting running back Marlon Mack on an 11-yard play with 6:13 left in the second quarter . The previous time the Colts failed to attempt a pass in one quarter was in a 27-13 win against Tennessee on Dec. 18 , 2011 .
WORKING OVERTIME : The Bills had lost four straight home games decided in overtime since a 22-16 win against Cincinnati on Oct. 5 , 2003 . Buffalo improved its OT record to 21-15 .
The Colts are 1-2 in overtime games this season after a 16-13 loss to Arizona on Sept. 17 and a 26-23 win over San Francisco on Oct. 8 . They 're 15-16-1 including 1-4 in the playoffs .
SEVEN WINS : Buffalo has won seven of its first 13 games for just the fifth time during its 17-season playoff drought — the longest active streak in North America 's four major professional sports . The Bills have also won at least seven in four straight seasons for the first time since a 10-year run from 1987-96 .
___
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Although human population studies have linked air pollution to chronic inflammation of nasal and sinus tissues , direct biological and molecular evidence for cause and effect has been scant . Now , Johns Hopkins researchers report that experiments in mice continually exposed to dirty air have revealed that direct biological effect .
Researchers have long known that smog , ash and other particulates from industrial smokestacks and other sources that pollute air quality exacerbate and raise rates of asthma symptoms , but had little evidence of similar damage from those pollutants to the upper respiratory system .
The new findings , published in the American Journal of Respiratory Cell and Molecular Biology , have broad implications for the health and well-being of people who live in large cities and industrial areas with polluted air , particularly in the developing world .
`` In the U.S. , regulations have kept a lot of air pollution in check , but in places like New Delhi , Cairo or Beijing , where people heat their houses with wood-burning stoves , and factories release pollutants into the air , our study suggests people are at higher risk of developing chronic sinus problems , '' says Murray Ramanathan , M.D. , associate professor of otolaryngology - head and neck surgery at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , more than 29 million people in the U.S. or more than 12 percent of adults have a chronic sinusitis diagnosis . Chronic sinusitis can cause congestion , pain and pressure in the face , and a stuffy , drippy nose .
Numerous studies have reported significant social implications of chronic sinonasal disease , including depression , lost productivity and chronic fatigue .
To see how pollution may directly affect the biology of the upper airways , the researchers exposed 38 eight-week-old male mice to either filtered air or concentrated Baltimore air with particles measuring 2.5 micrometers or fewer , which excludes most allergens , like dust and pollen . The aerosolized particles , although concentrated , were 30 to 60 percent lower than the average concentrations of particles of a similar size in cities like New Delhi , Cairo and Beijing .
Nineteen mice breathed in filtered air , and 19 breathed polluted air for 6 hours per day , 5 days a week for 16 weeks .
The researchers used water to flush out the noses and sinuses of the mice , and then looked at the inflammatory and other cells in the flushed-out fluid under a microscope .
They saw many more white blood cells that signal inflammation , including macrophages , neutrophils and eosinophils , in the mice that breathed in the polluted air compared with those that breathed in filtered air . For example , the mice that breathed in the polluted air had almost four times as many macrophages than mice that breathed filtered air .
To see if the cells flushed out of the nasal and sinus passages had turned on a generalized inflammatory response , the researchers compared specific genes used by immune system cells from the mice that breathed polluted air with the cells of those that breathed filtered air . They found higher levels of messenger RNA -- the blueprints of DNA needed to make proteins -- in the genes for interleukin 1b , interleukin 13 , oncostatin M and eotaxin-1 in the nasal fluid of mice that breathed the polluted air . All those proteins are considered direct biomarkers for inflammation .
The investigators measured the protein levels of interleukin 1b , interleukin 13 and eotaxin-1 , which are chemical messengers called cytokines that cause an immune response . They found five to 10 times higher concentrations of the cytokines involved in inflammation in the mice that breathed the polluted air than in those that breathed filtered air . Interleukin 1b is a chemical messenger that promotes inflammation , and both interleukin 13 and eotaxin-1 are chemical messengers that attract eosinophils .
`` Inflammation that attracts eosinophils is what happens in the lungs of people with asthma , so essentially the chronic exposure to air pollution in mice is leading to a kind of asthma of the nose , '' says Ramanathan .
Next , the researchers examined layers of cells along the nasal passages and sinuses under a microscope and found that the surface layer - or epithelium - was , notably , 30 to 40 percent thicker in mice that breathed in polluted air than in those that breathed filtered air . Ramanathan says that a thicker epithelium is another sign of inflammation in humans and other animals .
The researchers next used glowing antibodies that bind to the proteins claudin-1 and E-cadherin found in between the cells of the epithelium to help hold them together . They report observing far less of both proteins but up to 80 percent less E-cadherin from mice that breathed in the polluted air compared with the mice that breathed filtered air .
The investigators also said they found much higher levels of the protein serum albumin in the mice that breathed in the polluted air . High levels of serum albumin indicate that barriers to the nasal passages and sinuses were breached .
`` We 've identified a lot of evidence that breathing in dirty air directly causes a breakdown in the integrity of the sinus and nasal air passages in mice , '' says Ramanathan . `` Keeping this barrier intact is essential for protecting the cells in the tissues from irritation or infection from other sources , including pollen or germs . ''
Ramanathan says their team will continue to study the specific molecular changes that occur when the sinus and nasal barriers are breached because of air pollution , as well as investigate possible ways to repair them .
# # #
Additional authors on the study include Nyall London , Anuj Tharakan , Nitya Surya , Thomas Sussan , Xiaoquan Rao , Sandra Lin , Sanjay Rajagopalan and Shyam Biswal of Johns Hopkins University and Elina Toskala of Temple University .
The study was funded by grants from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences ( ES020859 and U01 ES026721 ) and the Flight Attendant Medical Research Institute .
London has a patient for treating vascular barrier dysfunction licensed to Navigen Pharmaceuticals , and they hold some stock with the company .
Where to find South Africa vs. Burkina Faso World Cup qualifier on US TV and streaming
Linden Utility Company board installed
October 6 , 2017 : The board of the Linden Utility Company was today , October 6 , 2017 , sworn in , with Minister of Public Infrastructure , David Patterson , calling for an improvement in quality electricity supply to the mining town .
The new board members are Chairman , Mr. Tracy Johnson ; Members Mr. Elwyn Marshall , Mr. Mortimer Mingo , Mr. Horace Williams , Mr. Leslie Gonsalves , and Mr. Renford Homer , who is serving as a representative of the Guyana Power and Light Company Inc. A member representing the Parliamentary Opposition is yet to be appointed .
In brief remarks to the board , Minister Patterson encouraged the new members to dedicate their time diligently and to work with a unified agenda . They further stressed the importance of innovation and suggested that the board undertake new , feasible avenues , such as implementing renewable energy projects , where necessary . “ Overall , I want you to provide a higher level of service to the residents of Linden , ” they said .
Representatives of the utility company were also praised for successes , such as relatively low technical and commercial losses and an impressive revenue collection rate higher than 90 percent . While Minister Patterson noted that there was room for improvement , they applauded the company for its efforts and encouraged the board to aim for greater achievements .
Representatives also shared that the company has plans to upgrade its decades-old network through the rehabilitation or replacement of equipment .
Meanwhile , Mayor of Linden , Mr. Carwyn Holland , who was present for the ceremony , shared with Minister Patterson some areas that would need assistance from the Ministry of Public Infrastructure , such as the provision of electricity to unserved areas in Linden . Insufficient drainage within communities were also raised as an area of concern .
Vulgar note and stolen iPhone in this week 's campus crime log
Close
Filed under Crime , News
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like .
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
April 6—4 p.m .
The Security Office received a report of an instructor being harassed by an unknown person . The instructor went out to their car to find a note that threatened them with vulgar language . The incident has been documented , but nobody has yet to come forward with any information .
( Note : this crime is connected with an incident on March 9 at 3:07 p.m . )
April 10—10:50 p.m .
The Luria Library notified security officers that a student 's cell phone was stolen . A female student left their pink iPhone 6 on a sink at the first-floor women 's bathroom , then returned five minutes later to find that it was gone . The iPhone is valued at $ 200 .
Trump 's UN Ambassador says 'Women who accuse anyone should be heard . They should be heard and they should be dealt with . '
Published 4:22 PM , December 11 , 2017
WASHINGTON DC , USA – Women who accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct `` should be heard , '' US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Sunday , December 10 , in an apparent divergence from the White House line .
Trump – who was infamously caught on tape boasting about groping women – has faced more than a dozen allegations of sexual misconduct , which they and the White House have rejected .
`` Women who accuse anyone should be heard . They should be heard and they should be dealt with , '' Haley said on CBS ' Face the Nation when asked how Trump 's accusers should be assessed .
The official line from the White House has been that Trump 's election victory was the final word on the accusations .
`` I think we heard from them prior to the election . And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way , they have every right to speak up , '' Haley said .
When asked if the vote meant the issue was settled , Haley responded : `` That 's for the people to decide . I know that they were elected , but ... women should always feel comfortable coming forward , and we should all be willing to listen to them . ''
Accusations of rape and sexual harassment against now-disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein have opened the floodgates , prompting scores of women to speak up not just about abuse in the entertainment industry , but also in Washington .
Three members of Congress have resigned over sexual misconduct allegations in recent days , and US Senate candidate Roy Moore has seen a race they were once expected to handily win become contested following accusations that they molested minors decades ago .
Moore has denied the allegations . – Rappler.com
Not the least impressive feature of Leinster 's rejuvenation this season has been their attacking game . In 30 games last season they scored 60 tries . After their latest haul of five tries in the Sportsground last Saturday in their 27th game so far this season , they have already scored 121 tries .
They scored two of Saturday 's five through their defence , while showing a real cutting edge , with the distribution of Ross Byrne and Noel Reid helping them to outflank Connacht 's defence tellingly .
Connacht players were , to a man , suitably impressed by Leinster 's much improved defensive and offensive games this season , with the latter their most striking area of improvement according to Pat Lam .
“ It 's their attack , ” said Pat Lam in highlighting the greater width and variety to Leinster 's attacking game .
“ They are playing the edges ; they are playing with width ; there is real clarity in what they are doing . Certainly over the year when I first got here I used to watch them and they were around the corner , around the corner , around the corner so it was easy to defend . Now they can hit you both left and right , and to reload back . ”
Lam also cited Leinster 's improved ability to convert three-on-two or two-on-one match-ups , the quality of their players and the way all in their squad can seamlessly slip into their structure .
When Stuart Lancaster first arrived on the Leinster scene in September it 's easy to forget that they raised eyebrows when starting their ambition was to help make the province a force in Europe again . Now they are within a game of reaching a fourth final .
“ It is hard for me to measure it because I was n't here , ” said Lancaster in comparing last season with this . “ Since I 've been here , I 've been unbelievably impressed with the quality of players that are here , the mindset to want to get better and , also , the mindset to go to a fourth European Cup final . It is a massive , massive driver for the players .
“ The players , quite rightly , are very proud and the players , who played in those finals , are very proud of what they have achieved in the past . They want to do it again for the fourth time . Only Toulouse have won the European Cup four times . And so it goes on . That is the big , big driver for them . I ca n't fault the players . They 've been outstanding . ”
Lancaster 's influence has clearly been profound . Leinster is the leading try scorers in the European Cup this season , scoring 31 in a pool with Montpellier , Castres and Northampton , and after their stylish quarter-final win over Wasps , when Leinster made 17 offloads , beat 28 defenders and scored four tries , Lancaster sees no reason why Leinster should abandon their attacking philosophy now .
Tough challenge
“ I think you 've got to , really . You 've got to be aware when you 're playing any team in France not to give them a start . That allows them to build momentum and belief in their game but there 's absolutely no doubt in my mind that if we have a positive mindset to play the game from the first to the 80th minute that we can cause some problems .
“ We saw both in the qualifying rounds but also in the PRO12 as well . We would n't have scored 86 tries [ in the Pro12 ] by accident . ”
Leinster have n't won on their last four treks to France , dating back to a pool win over Castres three seasons ago , and having been at the 2015 semi-final in Saint Etienne when Clermont beat a red-hot Saracens 13-9 , Lancaster appreciates the scale of the task .
“ When they put out their best team they tend to win , ” said Lancaster .
“ They are a very strong team , across the board , really . They 've obviously got a couple of key injuries but we 've watched all the pool games . They 've played Ulster twice and Exeter twice . They are probably the best coached of the Top 14 teams in terms of their organisation and structure . They are fit . They have got X-factor players all over the park and their motivation playing in front of their own fans will be huge so it is as tough a challenge as you are going to get in European rugby . ”
Clermont 's Fijian-born French winger Noa Nakaitaci has joined Wesley Fofana on the sidelines due to the ruptured cruciate ligament they suffered in the quarter-final win over Toulon , but Lancaster agrees that Clermont are the most potent side in the competition at converting line breaks into tries .
“ Their attacking threat is significantly higher than any other team we 've faced so far this season . You only have to watch the Exeter game , for example . Exeter are second-from-top in The Premiership and they blew them away in the first half with a brand of rugby that Exeter , who are very good defensively , just could n't live with . Particularly at home , with the energy and momentum a crowd can give , it is going to be a huge test for us defensively . ”
“ On the flip side , I would argue the Top-14 sides defend differently to the way we defend . I think , if we can get the width in our defensive line and our line speed right , then we can force errors as well as deal with the threats that they 've got coming at us . But , they 've got X-Factor players across the board . ”
New Delhi , 4th July 2018 : Veteran Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre on Wednesday revealed that they have been diagnosed with a high-grade cancer that has metastasized . With this , they fall in the category of other celebrities such as Manisha Koirala and Irrfan Khan who were also diagnosed with different types of this disease recently . While the latter has recuperated , Irrfan is still undergoing treatment . The need of the hour therefore is to create awareness on the need for timely health checks at every stage of life and taking preventive action .
There are about 2.5 million people living with cancer in India and over 7 lakh new cases get registered every year . Of all the various types of cancer , those of the oral cavity and lungs in males and cervix and breast in females account for about 50 % of all related deaths in the country .
Speaking about this , Padma Shri Awardee , Dr K K Aggarwal , President , HCFI , said , “ The news of Sonali Bendre being diagnosed with the disease only points to one fact : the importance of timely diagnosis and action . Cancer is the name given to a collection of related diseases that are caused when a group of abnormal cells begins to grow uncontrollably , often forming a tumor . Tumors can either be benign or malignant . There are four major types of clinical preventive care : immunizations , screening , behavioral counseling ( lifestyle changes ) , and chemoprevention . Screening is the identification of an asymptomatic disease , unhealthy condition , or risk factor . Primary prevention are interventions to keep disease from occurring ( e.g. , immunization for communicable disease ) ; secondary prevention as detection of early asymptomatic disease ( e.g. , screening ) ; and tertiary prevention as reducing complications of disease ( e.g. , eye examinations in patients with diabetes ) . This nomenclature is applied differently by some other disciplines . ”
Symptoms that should prompt a person to get tested for cancer include sudden and unexplained weight loss ; fever ; extreme fatigue ; recurrent pain in any part of the body ; changes to the skin such as darkening , itching , and reddening ; change in bowel habits ; unusual bleeding or discharge ; white spots on the tongue ; and nagging cough or hoarseness .
Adding further , Dr Aggarwal , who is also the Vice President of CMAAO , said , “ Cancer , if detected early , can be treated at a much lower cost compared to that incurred when diagnosed at an advanced stage . The mortality rate is also lowered substantially if people report for screening when the earliest symptoms manifest . Unfortunately , nearly two-thirds of cancer cases are diagnosed at an advanced stage , reducing patients ' chances of cure and survival . ”
Some tips from HCFI
Here are some ways in which one can diagnose and prevent the onset of cancer at an early stage .
· Pay attention to symptoms and get yourself checked regularly .
· Using any type of tobacco puts a person at an increased risk of cancer . Avoiding or stopping the consumption of tobacco is one of the foremost steps in cancer prevention .
· Filter tap water properly as this can reduce your exposure to possible carcinogens and hormone-disrupting chemicals .
· Get vaccinated on time and as per schedule . For example , the Human Papilloma Virus ( HPV ) vaccine helps prevent most cervical cancers and several other kinds of cancer .
· Drinking plenty of water and other liquids can help in reducing the risk of bladder cancer by diluting the concentration of cancer-causing agents in urine and helping to flush them through the bladder faster .
· Most importantly , make lifestyle changes such as eating a healthy diet and getting regular exercise . Fruits and vegetables are rich in antioxidants which can help ward off diseases .
Pioneering Aboriginal psychologist and WA Australian of the Year winner Tracy Westerman visited Karratha last week to deliver specialised training in indigenous mental health to psychologists and social workers from across the region .
Over a two-day workshop at the Karratha Leisureplex , the internationally recognised psychologist spoke to local staff about how to identify signs of mental health issues such as depression in Aboriginal clients and intervene early in a culturally appropriate way .
The event marks the first time Dr Westerman , who grew up in Tom Price , has returned to the Pilbara since winning WA Australian of the Year in November .
They said the training would fill in gaps in professionals ' knowledge on indigenous mental health , which was too often “ invisible ” in mainstream psychology training .
“ We get people skilled up in identifying the different signs of depression and knowing how to treat depression in a more culturally specific way , because the more we can get conditions at an early stage , the more we can prevent the escalation of those issues in the community more generally , ” they said .
“ I want people to be more tuned into those early signs and also how to work on and prevent mental health issues in Aboriginal communities , which are often very different to working with non-indigenous communities . ”
The workshop , which was supported by the WA Primary Health Alliance and facilitated by Mission Australia , was attended by about 40 mental health and drug and alcohol counselling staff from Mission Australia , headspace , Hedland 's Youth Involvement Council and Bloodwood Tree .
Mission Australia Hedland clinical lead Amanda MacBride said Dr Westerman 's training was invaluable for them and their colleagues for its focus on indigenous mental health .
“ We can get cultural training but it 's general , and we can get more mental health training in our field , but to find that combination is rare , so that 's what makes this so enriching because we need that combination up here in the Pilbara , ” they said .
“ You are going to have Aboriginal clients here ... so you need those tools . ”
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Team Passing Efficiency Defense
Through games of Dec. 09
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
WASHINGTON -- The Boston Red Sox will look to get a jump on the day and complete a sweep of the Washington Nationals Wednesday morning at Nationals Park .
The Nationals , hosting their traditional 11:05 a.m. July Fourth game , will try to avoid dropping their fifth straight game and falling below .500 .
Boston ( 58-29 ) won for the seventh time in its last nine games Tuesday night , getting three-run homers from Eduardo Nunez and Xander Bogaerts , and a two-run shot from J.D . Martinez in an 11-4 rout .
The Red Sox took an early 3-0 lead on the Nunez homer in the second inning , pulled away with a six-run fifth and saw Martinez cap the offensive explosion in the ninth . Martinez drove in four runs , increasing their major league-leading RBI total to 71 .
`` Just a good day , '' Martinez told mlb.com . `` We came out , we kept the bases occupied , pretty much gave ourselves a chance where we kept passing the baton and getting the next guy up . Had a big hit from Bogey there early in the game , and everyone pretty much kept feeding off that . ''
Washington ( 42-42 ) matched Boston 's hit total ( 12 ) but could n't string them together or produce them at crucial moments . The Nationals remained seven games behind Atlanta in the NL East .
Washington 's Tanner Roark ( 3-10 ) saw their June struggles bleed into July as they allowed nine runs on 10 hits in seven innings while preserving a tired bullpen . After the Nationals closed to within 3-2 in the fourth , Roark was tagged in the fifth .
`` If these guys would give our lineup a chance , we 'll start winning some games because we are playing better , '' Nationals manager Dave Martinez told mlb.com regarding the big inning . `` I see that . We came back and scored two runs , and the energy was great . We go back out there , and they come back and score six runs , and everything just goes dormant again .
`` They did n't quit , but here we go , scratching and clawing again , trying to get back in the game , and it 's tough . It 's tough for the boys . ''
Washington 's hopes for salvaging the finale rest with right-hander Erick Fedde ( 1-3 , 6.00 ERA ) , who is replacing injured Stephen Strasburg in the rotation . Fedde picked up a win in their previous start despite allowing five runs and eight hits in five innings of a 17-7 win over the Phillies on Friday .
`` My stuff was n't great today , '' they told MASN.com . `` But days like those it 's really nice when your team puts up 17 runs . I 'll take that . Hopefully next time when the games are close , I can be the one to keep it close . ''
Wednesday will be Fedde 's first career appearance against Boston .
Boston left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez ( 9-3 , 4.11 ) will try to snap a two-start slump Wednesday morning . Last time out they gave up five runs on seven hits -- including two home runs -- in six innings of an 8-1 loss to the Yankees on Friday . It was their second straight loss after winning six straight starts .
`` I missed a couple pitches down the plate and they made an adjustment , '' Rodriguez told the Boston Herald . `` No matter who you face , if you miss on the plate that 's what happens . ''
Rodriguez has never faced the Nationals .
The Nationals may get some offensive help Wednesday with the possible return of first baseman Matt Adams ( fractured finger ) , who went 0-for-3 in a rehab game Tuesday night for Double-A Harrisburg .
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue , watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel . Today they help the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist .
Last month , the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa . Them work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB .
`` Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work . But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play , '' says Mathabire .
In Zimbabwe 's bustling capital , Harare , Mathabire earned high enough points in their studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy , occupational therapy or nursing at university . They chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in their family . In 2008 , they were between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems . Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders .
The work took them into some of Africa 's grimmest situations . They helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV , tuberculosis , pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe . Then they supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus . After that , they worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan , treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war .
In 2015 , they were recruited for their first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders , work that would eventually earn them an International AIDS Society prize . They knew that TB was the No . 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from their previous work , but they did n't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until they read the study 's protocol . They were eager to get started on the project .
For two years , Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients , who are more susceptible to the infection .
In Malawi and Mozambique , HIV is the leading cause of death . It is often spread through unprotected sex , and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi 's and 24 percent of Mozambique 's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death . Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in their early 30s who left a clinic untreated . The rapid test , which analyzes a molecule in the patient 's urine with a paper strip , had shown that they had TB . A coughing test did n't . But doctors were n't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man . It had n't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization 's policy guidance . The man died before they could go back to get help .
Their story was n't unique , Mathabire says . `` It 's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening , '' they say . `` You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing . ''
Under normal circumstances , patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB . Mathabire 's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results , but the wait could drag on for months .
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care , including tuberculosis treatment , patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits . And more remote clinics do n't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals .
With the rapid TB test , sick patients could begin treatment the same day . Mathabire 's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour . Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours . And doctors , nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips .
Mathabire also found that patients were n't skeptical of a new method . They really wanted to take the high-tech test . Mainly peasant farmers , they took the words of the health workers seriously . `` Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [ and opportunistic infections ] in a terrible way , '' they say . It was like that in Zimbabwe too .
The team 's findings , published by Doctors Without Borders this year , has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing . It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems , meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients .
In a statement , International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire 's research will `` support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic . ''
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis . But their award-winning research is n't the only major event of their summer .
They moved to Falun , central Sweden , to marry an infectious disease specialist whom they worked with in Zimbabwe . True to their early love of fashion , she 's sewing their own wedding dress , with glass beads , silk and lace .
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science , culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic , The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian . You can contact them @ SashaIngber .
April 13 Orient Victory China Holdings Ltd
* Dongsheng Huamei , an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of company , Tianlun And Jian Yin Ju Yuan signed articles
* JV company will be held as to 40 % by Dongsheng Huamei , 30 % by Tianlun and 30 % by Jian Yin Ju Yuan
* Total registered share capital of JV company will be RMB10 million
* Parties agreed to form JV company to engage in project investment , investment management , asset management and investment consultancy Source text ( bit.ly/2oaeBct ) Further company coverage :
The Canon take on the mirrorless camera market has been interesting ( you can read that as generally disappointing ) : having lackadaisically introduced the sub-par M-series system in a bid to - and this is how we see it - avoid undercutting its own DSLR business , it had taken Canon years to establish a more viable M-series camera . That happened in 2016 with its M5 .
Move into 2017 and the Japanese maker is concentrating its moves in mirrorless , with the step-up EOS M6 further enhancing the line-up with a more comprehensive control system and minus the built-in viewfinder . It 's altogether less DSLR-styled .
As we said of the M5 , Canon has finally reached a point where its product is competitive . Albeit , at a point in time when its competitors are often a step ahead in terms of focus ability , design and lens range .
Can the M6 change that ? We got to briefly play with the compact system camera ahead of its official unveil to see if Canon is on point in the viewfinder-free sub-sector .
No viewfinder , includes hotshoe ( for optional viewfinder accessory )
Adds stacked control dial layout
Latest 24.2MP sensor and 45-point autofocus
The main difference between EOS M5 and M6 is their physical design , the M6 cutting out the viewfinder compared to the M5 's built-in solution . The M6 also adds in a stacked control dial , which is a feature we 've seldom seen from Canon ( think of the G7X compact and the like ) .
The look of the M6 is rather high-end , dressed in a shiny silver-colour finish on the sample camera we saw . However , there 's no denying that Olympus does this overall look better in its Pen and OM-D cameras - because it uses more tactile materials that simply feel better in the hand .
Interestingly , Canon has avoided the Guided UI - which is designed to assist relative newcomers to understand what each shooting mode does , represented in a visual form - on the M6 , unlike the also-announced EOS 800D DSLR .
Up top of the M6 is another notable feature : a hotshoe . Just because this mirrorless has done away with the built-in finder , does n't mean it removes the possibility of that . The brand new EVF-DC2 is also being released in tandem with the camera body , which is perfect timing - plus it is compatible with other Canon cameras such as the PowerShot G1 X II .
45-point Dual Pixel AF autofocus
The M6 's autofocus system is the same 45-point Dual Pixel AF setup as you 'll find in the earlier M5 ( plus EOS 80D , 77D and 800D ( ignoring their through-the-viewfinder setups ) ) , which means speedy autofocus thanks to on-sensor phase-detection pixels .
And it genuinely works well - just as we said of the M5 . It 's quick and does n't need to hunt excessively to find focus . Canon has figured out how to make its M-series cameras work properly .
But there 's a caveat : the three focus options - 1-point , zone and tracking - lack the complexity of the competition , such as the Panasonic Lumix G80 . Given the EOS M6 is £730 and is n't compatible with Canon 's ( EF/EF-S ) DSLR lenses without an adapter , there 's a good argument to lean towards Panasonic if you 're looking for a mirrorless model .
3-inch , 1,040k-dot , tilt-angle LCD touchscreen
Another slight difference in the M6 compared to the M5 is the way its screen is mounted on the variable bracket : it ca n't flip around to face forward for selfies , but we do n't think that 's any major loss .
Besides , this tilt screen is really useful to handle with its touchscreen prowess - as that 's the ultimate way to use this camera .
If you 're really keen for a viewfinder then , well , it 'd be cheaper to consider buying the M5 instead if that 's your only investment . The EVF-DC2 is only likely to make sense if you have other compatible Canon compact cameras . But it 's a feature that we 'd rather have than not , so no harm done there .
The DC2 does deliver 2.36m-dots of resolution over its 0.39-inch panel and weighs next to nothing at 29g .
24.2MP sensor , Digic 7 processor
On the imaging front the M6 is made in the M5 's image : it 's got a 24.2-megapixel sensor , paired with the latest Digit 7 processor .
The camera can handle a decent burst rate of 7fps in continuous autofocus , increasing to 9fps at a fixed focus point . With the right SD card on board the buffer is significant too , avoiding clogging-up after taking just a handful of images ( it can shoot 26 JPEGs at 9fps consecutively ) . It 's not as speedy as a Fujifilm X-T2 , but it 's mighty fast .
Because Canon uses a larger sensor than most of its mirrorless competition , it has that advantage . There might be fewer lenses in the EF-M mount lineup than , say , Micro Four Thirds , however , so without top-notch glass the overall capability - if you 're the kind to hunt out specific optics - is n't as extensive as some of Canon 's own range and , perhaps , the competition .
On the movie-capture front the M6 is just the same as its interchangeable Canon cousins : 1080p at 50/60fps is maximum , without the option for 4K .
First Impressions
The Canon EOS M6 makes a lot of sense if you 've been eyeing-up the M5 but do n't want a viewfinder ( or do n't immediately want one anyway - the DC2 can cater for that later down the line ) .
As mirrorless cameras go it 's capable , approaching its competition in terms of abilities . Thing is , and just as we said of the M5 , the M6 does n't ultimately better that competition in autofocus complexity , build quality or price point .
Airport transfers help one to reach their destinations without any delay after getting down from their flights . They need not wait for a taxi or walk to the public transport system but have a chauffeur readily waiting for their arrival and help them with their luggage to reach the vehicle and drive them safely to [ … ]
July 4 ( UPI ) -- U.S. pop star Justin Timberlake released an upbeat , new dance track called `` SoulMate . ''
The digital single went on sale with no advance notice Tuesday , the same day they performed a concert in Paris . They will be on tour to support their most recent album , Man of the Woods , through January .
`` Bahama Sessions -- 'SoulMate , ' written : June 26th , final mix : July 3rd . Available everywhere , '' the singer 's Instagram account said as they introduced their fans to `` SoulMate . ''
The message featured the image of a middle-aged man lying on a beach and a woman standing near them looking out at the ocean .
× Man drowns after jumping off pier in front of girlfriend
OCEANSIDE , Calif. — A North County man died Friday morning when they jumped off the Oceanside Pier in front of their girlfriend and was swept out to sea , authorities said .
Their body was retrieved from the water about a half-mile off the coast following an extensive three-hour search in the air and on the water involving Oceanside police , lifeguards and the U.S. Coast Guard , Oceanside police Lt. Adam Knowland said .
The victim 's identity was withheld pending family notification , but the lieutenant described them as a North County man in their mid-20s .
Police received the call at 3:05 a.m. today of a person who jumped off the pier and “ immediately became distressed upon hitting the water , ” Knowland said . An Oceanside lifeguard said the pier is 30 feet high , give or take a few feet depending on the tide .
“ This was not a suicide , ” Knowland said . “ He was with their girlfriend and got a wild hair … they just jumped off after stripping down into their underwear . ”
A witness nearby noticed the man struggling in the water and clinging to a pylon and tried to swim out to rescue him , Knowland said . But when the witness arrived at the location where he 'd last seen the victim , the jumper was gone .
Oceanside police sent officers to search from the pier above and a rescue vessel to search the water , while lifeguards went into the surf on paddle boards and WaveRunners and the Coast Guard sent a helicopter , Knowland said . The rip current in the area was strong , pulling the paddle-boarding lifeguards quickly away from shore in a northwest direction .
At 6:05 a.m. , the rescue boat found the victim 's body about a half-mile away from shore , the lieutenant said . Multiple news crews on scene reported the girlfriend collapsed into a lifeguard 's arms upon hearing of the discovery .
The San Diego County Medical Examiner 's Office took custody of the body to determine the official cause of death .
Utah pitcher Andre Jackson led a contingent of players with local ties selected on the third day of the Major League Baseball draft on Thursday . The Los Angeles Dodgers picked Jackson , 21 , in the 12th round with the 370th overall pick .
Jackson , a resident of Tucson , Ariz. , sat out this past season as a redshirt after having Tommy John surgery in the offseason . They played in 78 games combined between 2016 and 2017 , and they played outfield as well as pitcher ( 12 appearances as a pitcher , 11 in 2016 ) .
The Dodgers also picked Utes pitcher and former American Fork High School standout Riley Ottesen in the fifth round on Wednesday . The MLB draft concluded on Wednesday with rounds 11-40 . Jackson was one of four Utes players drafted along with Jayson Rose , Taylorsville resident Dallas Carroll and Ottesen .
From news that @ kyliejenner 's @ kyliecosmetics is on its way to the $ 1B mark to @ gucci 's trademark battle with @ forever21 , here are the top fashion stories this week . # wwdrecap ( 🎥 : @ zackgranted )
Carolan Bledsoe works nonstop to sew on patches for the Women 's College World Series -- hundreds of them and in a short window of time .
But after decades of doing this , she 's got a system .
The NCAA delivers the patches . The teams deliver the jerseys . And Carolan 's daughter cuts and sorts , so they do n't ever have to slow down . She 'll finish before the players need them the next day .
So why do they say “ yes ” to no sleep and sewing for 24 hours straight ?
“ I love softball , ” they told News 9 .
The sport has a special place in their heart and so do all of the players .
“ It 's just a little , bitty thing , but it means a lot to the girls to be able to keep that and prove that they were there , ” they said about the patches .
ALAMEDA , Calif. ( AP ) — Three weeks after the team 's move to Las Vegas was approved by the NFL , the Raiders began preparations for the 2017 season with hopes of giving Oakland a winner before the team leaves town .
The Raiders started their offseason program Monday with more questions about what life will be like as a lame-duck in Oakland , and how they expect to be greeted in Las Vegas when they likely arrive in 2020 , than about any offseason acquisitions or on-field concerns .
“ It just feels weird right now , ” said All-Pro pass rusher Khalil Mack , the 2016 NFL Defensive Player of the Year .
It will be like that for a while still . The Raiders will play the upcoming season at the Oakland Coliseum and have an option for a lease for 2018 that they plan to exercise as well .
Advertisement
With their new $ 1.9 billion stadium in Las Vegas not expected to open until 2020 , the team might need to find a temporary home in 2019 . It will spend the next few years trying to bridge the gap between a fan base that feels deserted in the East Bay and one excited about a new team in Nevada .
“ That 's crazy , ” quarterback Derek Carr said . “ How do you keep playing somewhere you love and then you 've got to go and have to play somewhere else that you 're going to have to love and love the people there just like we will ? ”
But for the players and coaches , many of whom may not even be with the team when it arrives in Las Vegas in three years , the immediate focus is on building on a 12-4 season that gave the Raiders their first playoff berth since 2002 .
With most of the young core back , the Raiders are expected to be one of the top teams in the AFC again this season .
“ In all honesty , it does n't matter yet , ” Carr said . “ It 's coming , it 's big news . It 's exciting for our organization and for fans who are Raiders fans in Nevada and stuff like that . But at the same time , we have our fans here we need to take care of , and that 's really important to me . To take care of our fans here and make sure we enjoy our last times . ”
In other news :
— Carr said they have completely healed from the broken left leg that ended their 2016 season early , forcing them to miss the season finale and Oakland 's playoff loss to Houston .
“ I 've been running , jumping , throwing , cutting , everything , ” Carr said . “ I 'm ready to rock , I 'm ready to do absolutely everything . ”
— Carr said they met with retired running back Marshawn Lynch when they visited the facility recently and would be excited to play with them if Lynch decides to come out of retirement and the Raiders can acquire their rights from Seattle . Oakland needs a big back after losing starter Latavius Murray in free agency .
“ He 's one heck of a football player , ” Carr said . “ I hope to play with them and those things . But I 'm focused on the guys who are here today . ”
— The Raiders have had preliminary talks with Carr about extending their rookie contract that expires after this season . Carr said they expect talks to heat up after the draft and hopes to have something finalized before the start of training camp this summer .
“ The communication from both sides have been great , ” they said . “ They 've let me know where they 're at and what they 're trying to do . We let them know where we 're at and what we 're trying to do . It has n't been hard . It 's been easy . ”
___
More AP NFL : pro32.ap.org and twitter.com/AP_NFL
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect . But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress .
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine if a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days . That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more .
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower 's account without being reauthorized to do so . As The Associated Press writes , `` This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts , which in turn incurs fees '' or forces them to close their accounts .
`` Too often , borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they ca n't afford , '' CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement . `` The rule 's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail . ''
Investopedia writes :
`` Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check , usually dated for your next payday . The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge . For example , you write a check for , say , $ 115 to receive a $ 100 loan . Given a two-week loan term , which is fairly standard , the $ 15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400 % , and this assumes you pay back the loan on time . ''
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time : More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks . The study found that 15 percent of new loans `` are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long . ''
`` Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt , and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable , '' said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform . `` Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly can not repay is a key protection . ''
However , the Financial Services Association of America , a trade group that represents the $ 39 billion industry , says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year .
`` Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry , overseas and elsewhere , while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt , '' says Ed D'Alessio , the group 's executive director .
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business . Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders .
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans , Reuters reports .
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress .
The CFPB , created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act , has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape .
In February , Sen. Mike Rounds ( R-ND ) introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB . In June , House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act .
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts , 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders .
HIGH POINT , N.C. ( AP ) — Cliff Thomas Jr. scored 16 points and led a 68-point effort by the High Point bench as the Panthers celebrated the holidays by pummeling Division II Toccoa Falls College , 110-39 on Sunday .
High Point , playing its final home game of 2017 , handed out cookies , hot chocolate and holiday ornaments to everyone in attendance — all the while surrendering points like the miserly , pre-visitation Scrooge .
Sam Berlin paced the High Point starting five with 12 points and as many rebounds , but it was the bench that carried the load . Thomas was 8 of 9 from the field . Jamal Wright was 8 for 8 from the line and finished with 15 points and Dexter Gooding added 14 points and grabbed a half-dozen rebounds . The Panthers ( 4-5 ) collectively shot 65 percent from the field ( 45 of 69 ) .
The winless Eagles were led by the 20 points of Kevin Cave .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
BEDMINSTER , N.J. ( AP ) — As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent , pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for them to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly , race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump , who has been at their New Jersey golf club on a working vacation , was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China 's trade practices . But they will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for their initial response to the Saturday 's violence , for which they blamed bigotry on “ many sides . ”
Their attorney general , Jeff Sessions , vigorously defended Trump in nationally televised interviews Monday morning and said they expect to hear more from the commander-in-chief on the matter .
“ We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility , ” Sessions told “ CBS This Morning . ”
Sessions told ABC 's “ Good Morning America ” that the Justice Department would pursue the case involving an Ohio man who plowed their car into counter-protesters at the white nationalist rally in Virginia .
“ You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought , because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that can not be accepted in America , ” Sessions said .
In the hours after the incident , Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes , saying that they condemn “ in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , on many sides . ”
Speaking slowly from their New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation , Trump added : “ It 's been going on for a long time in our country . Not Donald Trump . Not Barack Obama . It 's been going on for a long , long time . ”
The White House statement Sunday went further . “ The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. ” It added : “ He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement . Usually , a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer ; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual 's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance .
Trump 's top advisers later struggled to explain Trump 's position , offering different responses .
Trump 's national security adviser , H.R . McMaster , said Sunday that they considered the attack to be terrorism . Sessions told ABC on Monday the incident “ does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute. ” On Saturday , Trump had not responded to reporters ' shouted questions about terrorism .
“ I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear , it is terrorism , ” McMaster told ABC 's “ This Week. ” ” It meets the definition of terrorism . But what this is , what you see here , is you see someone who is a criminal , who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans . ”
The president 's homeland security adviser , Tom Bossert , defended the president 's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent , too . When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN 's “ State of the Union , ” they specifically condemned the racist groups .
The president 's daughter and White House aide , Ivanka Trump , tweeted Sunday morning : “ There should be no place in society for racism , white supremacy and neo-nazis . ”
Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe , a Democrat , said they spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that they twice told the president “ we have to stop this hateful speech , this rhetoric. ” They said they urged Trump “ to come out stronger ” against the actions of white supremacists .
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists . Sen. Cory Gardner , R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “ This is n't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines . This is a time to lay blame . ”
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city 's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee . Counter-protesters massed in opposition .
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations . Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “ fulfill the promises of Donald Trump . ”
Trump 's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer , which wrote : “ Trump comments were good . They did n't attack us . They just said the nation should come together . Nothing specific against us . … No condemnation at all. ” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “ Summer of Hate ” edition .
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer , a Democrat , slammed Trump 's stance toward hate groups , saying on NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” that they hope Trump “ looks themselves in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who they consorted with . ”
“ Old saying : when you dance with the devil , the devil does n't change , the devil changes you , ” Signer said .
Trump , as a presidential candidate , frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer their condemnation of white supremacists . Their strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily , only when asked , and they occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during their campaign . Their chief strategist , Steve Bannon , once declared that their former news site , Breitbart , was “ the platform for the alt-right . ”
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/ @ JonLemire
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — An early-morning house fire destroyed a home that once belonged to a key player in Kansas City 's baseball history .
Just before 3 a.m. Tuesday , fire crews were called to a home on 28th Street in Kansas City , Missouri .
When they arrived , the home was fully engulfed in flames . At one point firefighters evacuated the home due to concerns with the roof .
The former home of Baseball Hall of Famer and Kansas City Monarch Satchel Paige went up in flames overnight near 28th & Benton Blvd . Nobody was inside . House has been vacant for some time . pic.twitter.com/z6Pc6GcxVh — Jason Gould ( @ OvernightPhotog ) May 29 , 2018
The home was abandoned but was once owned by Hall of Fame pitcher and former KC Monarch Satchel Paige .
Paige was the first African-American pitcher to play in a World Series and played a game with the KC A 's at age 59 . Click here to learn more about him .
`` Me and my little sister , we used to make mud pies ... play jump rope and have my brother pull us in the wagon , '' Lula Paige , Satchel 's daughter , said of their childhood at the house .
`` It 's kind of sad for my family , because this is a history house for them , '' Andrea Paige , Satchel 's granddaughter , added .
Carter Foster and their wife moved onto the block while Paige still lived in the home , and said Tuesday morning that they hated to see the home go the way it did .
`` This was a kind of landmark , and we are really going to miss that , '' Foster said .
The house looks much different than it did when the Paige family called it home . It 's boarded up and has been the subject of 47 property violations with the city since 2010 . Current owner Brian Cushon inherited the house from their mother in 2016 and said they 've struggled to keep squatters and their litter away from the property . Cushon added that just two weeks ago , a neighbor saw someone entering the house .
News of Tuesday morning 's fire was devastating to Jan Johnson , a member of the Santa Fe Area Council . The neighborhood association just discussed finding the funding to restore the house at a meeting last weekend .
`` When you have a house like this , you just do n't bulldoze it , '' Johnson said .
Bob Kendrick , president of the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum , said the museum also had hopes of one day making the home into something more .
`` In the back of our minds , we had hoped to do something to help people understand the greatness of Satchel Paige — who was a part of this community for so many years , '' Kendrick said .
Cushon confirmed to 41 Action News both the neighborhood association and the NLBM have asked them not to bulldoze the house until someone can take a closer look at the structure .
`` We prefer to think that it has n't been destroyed , that there 's a hiccup in our process and we have to deal with it , '' Johnson said .
The Paige family just wishes something would have been done sooner .
`` I feel like they should 've kept it and kept it up , and it could have been a family house . Maybe if it was more of a family house like it used to be , then it would n't be like this right now , '' Andrea Paige said .
Crews are still working to determine the cause of the fire .
-- -
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds . Pause
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house , here 's what it looks like
The RadeonSI Gallium3D driver 's NIR back-end is moving one step closer to feature parity with the existing OpenGL capabilities of this AMD GCN graphics driver.Timothy Arceri working for Valve has been focusing on the NIR back-end recently for RadeonSI . This NIR intermediate representation handling is being driven in order to add SPIR-V ingestion support to RadeonSI with code sharing for RADV 's existing NIR-based infrastructure.When using the experimental NIR support , the OpenGL support has been overcoming hurdles and one of the main blockers is now cleared . Arceri has published a set of 18 patches providing initial tessellation shader support for RadeonSI NIR.The code is n't ready for merging quite yet but those wanting to learn more can see this patch series . It will be interesting to see the RadeonSI NIR support mature in 2018 .
More Videos
3:20 Doolittle Raiders take to the sky 60 years after historic battle
1:05 April the giraffe gives birth at New York Zoo
1:03 Yes , Sean Spicer was once the Easter Bunny
0:52 Everything you need to know about a Tomahawk missile
7:13 I-85 Roadway Collapse - Press Conference 3-31-17
0:15 Driver 's view of collapsed Georgia overpass
1:32 Large fire causes Georgia highway overpass collapse
0:23 More than 1000 march in support of immigrants
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
3:23 Highlights from white nationalist Richard Spencer 's speech at Texas A & M
2:44 Trump asks guests if they should keep tweeting , dances to 'My Way '
SLOW SPEED CHASE
BIRMINGHAM , Ala. ( AP ) — Imagine a high-speed chase — in slow motion . That 's what authorities in Alabama say they had on their hands — because a thief could n't figure out how to get the truck they swiped out of first gear . Jefferson County Chief Deputy Randy Christian tells AL.com the 16-mile case never topped 30 mph — because the driver could n't get the vehicle to go any faster . The chase ended when the transmission on the truck seized up , stopping it altogether . Suspect Randy Dewayne Vert faces multiple charges , including attempting to elude and resisting arrest .
DOG BITES MAN AT COUNCIL HEARING
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. ( AP ) — It 's said that when dog bites man , it really is n't news . But in this case it is — because of the circumstances . The city council in Jacksonville , Florida was meeting on Tuesday when a 2-year-old pit bull mix named Elvis bit the ankle of a man who stepped on him . What makes it odd is the reason the dog was at the meeting . The lawmakers were considering a plan to promote pet adoption — and city-shelter dogs were wearing “ Take Me Home ” vests . As you might expect , city officials are n't sure whether the program will continue .
Advertisement
VEGAS VICKIE
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — Chances are you 've seen it : a neon sign in Las Vegas featuring a cowgirl . But it 's no longer a part of the Vegas scene . After spending more than two decades on Fremont Street , the sign depicting “ Vegas Vickie ” has been taken down . The sign was originally built in 1980 , when it went by the name “ Sassy Sally. ” Regardless of the name now , it 's gone — taken down to make way for a new casino-resort . The casino owner says their company is looking for a new home for the sign .
DUCT-TAPED BOAT
JUNEAU , Alaska ( AP ) — You can fix an awful lot of things with duct tape . Apparently an inflatable watercraft is not one of them . An Alaska TV station ( KTOO ) reports the U.S. Coast Guard had to pick up a 32-year-old man and their dog from a homemade , duct-taped together inflatable craft when it started to take on water . And as if making their craft at home and featuring duct tape was n't enough of a danger for the man ; authorities say they also are n't wearing a life jacket . An off-duty Coast Guard member saw the rickety craft — and called it in . The man , dog and what was left of the duct-taped boat were safely brought into a harbor in Juneau .
DEER IN PAINT STORE
MOUNT POCONO , Pa. ( AP ) — Maybe they needed paint for a honey “ doe ” project ? We 'll never know — since the deer that crashed through the window of a Pennsylvania paint store did n't stay around to talk about it . The owner of the store in Mount Pocono says they were talking with a customer when the deer smashed through a window and roamed around the store — before leaving out the main exit . Surveillance video shows the animal slipping and sliding on the tile floor before heading back out . Owner Steve Gleason says they were bracing for even more damage — thinking the deer would spill paint all over the place .
Oscar Wells Gabriel II
Linerless labels are the new generation labels , witnessing growing preference over the conventional labels since the past few years . A new research report focuses on the study of global linerless labels market , which has been published by Future Market Insights and offers the market forecast for the upcoming decade .
The comprehensive research report is titled ‘ Linerless Labels Market Global Industry Analysis 2013 – 2017 and Opportunity Assessment , 2018 – 2028 ' and it projects an anticipated CAGR of 4.9 % for the market during the forecast period .
Request For Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1822
According to the market analysis , the growth is driven by a gradual shift of manufacturers from conventional labels such as scale labels , inventory labels , butt cut labels , blank labels , and tire labels , to the new age linerless technology . The shift is attributed to benefits in cost saving , time , and the environmental edge that linerless labels have over conventional linered labels . The report indicates that the leading end-use industries in the market include retail and logistics .
Global Linerless Labels Market : Overview
Manufacturers are gradually shifting their preference to the variable imaged and thermal printed linerless labels . Certain trends are responsible for this shift of the market , including the innovative nature of this labeling type as an ideal marketing solution . Many companies print useful information on product labels so as to communicate with consumers , eventually boosting the sales of linerless labels . A large number of companies are experimenting with the use of linerless labels in an effort to achieve attractive product labeling . There are different types of printing technologies used such as digital printing , flexo printing , offset printing , screen printing , and more . Among these technologies , the research report suggests that flexo printing will lead the market with the highest value by the end of 2028 . Whereas , offset printing is expected to witness the highest CAGR of over 5.4 % during the forecast period .
Request For TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1822
The regional forecast provides a clear picture of the market 's presence in different regions . It predicts APAC to provide the most favorable conditions for the linerless labels market growth . The region is projected to hold a market value of over US $ 870 Mn by the end of 2028 . APAC is also expected to witness a significant growth rate of over 6.5 % during the forecast period . Emerging economies such as India and China have been witnessing meteoric growth in food retail industry , as well as in the adoption of the on-the-go food consumption trend . Key manufacturers of linerless labels are thus prioritizing expansion in untapped regional markets through joint ventures or by mergers/acquisitions .
Browse Report @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1822
Global Linerless Labels Market : Competitive Landscape
Linerless labels are used in companies involved in manufacturing of products like beer bottles and soft drink bottles . Some of the leading companies operating in the linerless labels industry are Innovia Films , Coveris Holdings SA , Constantia Flexibles Group , CCL Industries , and RR Donnelley & Sons Company etc . These companies are anticipated to play a crucial role in pushing the entire market scenario up over the next 10 years .
Chinese manufacturer Meizu has unveiled a trio of new smartphones , comprising the Meizu 15 , Meizu 15 Lite and Meizu 15 Plus , all of which buck the recent trend for notches by sporting regular bezels around all four sides .
Meizu has turned to Samsung for the processor in the 15 Plus , more specifically , the Exynos 8895 processor - the same one found in the Galaxy S8 - with 6GB of RAM . The 15 gets a Snapdragon 660 while the 15 Lite is fitted with a Snapdragon 626 . There 's also 64/128GB storage options for the 15 and 15 Plus ( the 15 Lite just gets 64GB ) and a 3,500mAh battery with Meizu 's mCharge fast-charging technology . The 15 and 15 Lite get 3,000mAh units .
Samsung has again been employed to provide the 5.95-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display for the 15 Plus - the South Korean company has also provided the full HD screens for the 15 and 15 Lite . While the screens do have ultra-slim bezels , Meizu has still managed to incorporate a front-mounted home button with fingerprint scanner into all three phones . The home buttons sound like it will be similar to that of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 , as it uses a linear vibration motor to `` simulate the feeling of pressing down on a physical button . :
Meizu has turned to Sony for the dual-lens camera found in the 15 Plus and 15 . The system comprises 20-megapixel long-focus and 12-megapixel telephoto lenses , with OIS to help take blur-free photos . The Meizu 15 Lite has a 13-megapixel rear camera with phase detect autofocus . All three phones get a 20-megapixel selfie camera .
The Meizu 15 series is launching with Flyme 7 , the latest version of Meizu 's UI skin that runs over the top of Android . It also brings with it the second-generation of Flyme 's AI system , One Mind .
The Meizu 15 series will be available soon in China . The 15 Lite will cost around $ 270 , Meizu 15 $ 400/ $ 445 depending on storage and Meizu 15 Plus $ 475/ $ 525 depending on storage .
St. George • A Cedar City man accused of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman has pleaded guilty .
The Spectrum reports ( http : //bit.ly/2lOZJQu ) that 28-year-old Leonel Morales on Tuesday pleaded guilty to attempted rape as part of a plea agreement . They were initially charged with first-degree felony rape and forcible sexual abuse .
Morales is accused of assaulting a sleeping woman during a party at a Cedar City residence in October .
Sentencing has been scheduled for March 28 .
———
Information from : The Spectrum , http : //www.thespectrum.com
Up to 80 Vietnam veterans known as the Tunnel Rats will reunite in Bunbury this week as the brothers in arms prepare to march together in tomorrow 's Anzac Day service .
Tunnel rat Geoff Box said the group shared an unbreakable bond after living through the terrors others could not begin to imagine .
“ We are a very , very close group . We had a very high casualty rate in our group , which makes our bond stronger , ” they said .
“ This is probably one of the biggest reunions we have had , so guys are coming from all over Australia . ”
The Tunnel Rats were field engineers , with three troops making up one field squadron and each troop looking after one of three battalions .
“ We looked after the ninth ( battalion ) , ” they said .
“ We did mines , explosives , booby traps and tunnel searching which is why we were called the Tunnel Rats . ”
They said Anzac Day was an important time to remember those who did not come home and said the camaraderie of the group was extremely valuable .
“ It 's a time that we reflect and remember the blokes that did n't come home and the blokes who are not with us today – a few have passed away since and just being together is very important , ” they said .
“ The big thing about Vietnam was that nothing changed back here in Australia , but when we went to Vietnam and came home we changed which is only natural .
“ If you have problems , guys like these are the only ones who understand what our problem is , which is why all this bloke are important to us . ”
We 're just over one week away from HTC 's 'For U ' product launch event , where we 're expecting to see three new smartphones unveiled . The family of phones is currently codenamed Ocean and is said to comprise the Ocean Master , Ocean Smart and Ocean Note .
The Ocean Note has been receiving the most publicity in recent days , with many predicting it will be a phablet style device to fill the gap the Galaxy Note 7 once filled . Now , a proper model name for the phone has been rumoured , the HTC U Ultra . It certainly fits in with the 'For U ' event name , and could mean the entire family of phones will be called U .
Got it from an unverified source but I put that here anyway ... ? ? ? ? # HTC Ocean Note = HTC U Ultra = 6 '' display = no 3.5mm Jack ... — OnLeaks ( @ OnLeaks ) 31 December 2016
The rumour has been spread by Twitter user @ OnLeaks , who cites an unverified source for the information . OnLeaks also says the U Ultra will have a 6-inch display and no 3.5mm headphone jack . It 's not the first time we 've got wind the U Ultra will ditch the headphone jack , as Taiwanese news outlet ePrice says it will use USB Type-C for audio instead .
The HTC U Ultra should also come with a new Sense Touch UI that has been shown off in a leaked video , which relies on gestures and touch to navigate and could make a strong case for edge-to-edge displays .
The HTC 'For U ' event will be held on 12 January , we 'll bring you all the latest news as and when we hear it .
Albert Biermann is the man tasked with making Hyundai 's upcoming N performance models really special . The guy knows their stuff – remember , Biermann was the head of BMW 's M division before leaving to join the Korean automaker . Hyundai will officially launch its first N product , the i30 , later this year . And while Biermann says there is “ no plan to bring the i30 N to the U.S. , ” they assure us that there 's plenty of goodness in store for our market .
“ We have a plan , ” Biermann says during a briefing at Hyundai 's research and development center in Namyang , South Korea . The U.S. is a “ very important market for N brand . ”
So , what are we getting ? There 's still a chance the U.S. ' first N car will be some version of the Elantra , but when one journalist asks about the Veloseter , Biermann smiles . After all , a new Veloster is in the works – several prototypes are running around Namyang as you read this . In fact , when asked if the test cars we 're seeing are N-tuned Velosters in disguise , Biermann reminds us that the new hatchback will have a normal Turbo model , and that “ you should not confuse [ a potential N version ] with that car . ”
As for timing , North America 's first N car is likely to launch in early 2018 .
“ We wo n't let you down , ” Biermann says with a smile . “ Do n't worry . ”
If you 're wanting to do something a little different this holiday season , maybe Jungle Bells at the San Diego Zoo is worth a visit .
The zoo spices things up from December 8 through January 1 with decorations , special animal experiences , costumed characters , live entertainment and reindeer games . In addition , the food stands offer holiday treats . ( On December 14 , the Zoo is open until 5 p.m. , with no Jungle Bells activities . ) An extra bonus is that zoo tickets ( price ranges from $ 42-58 ) are like a Christmas gift to wildlife as the zoo works across the world to bring species back from the brink of extinction .
President Donald Trump reviews border wall prototypes , Tuesday , March 13 , 2018 , in San Diego . During the visit Trump said , `` It will save thousands and thousands of lives , save taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars by reducing crime , drug flow , welfare fraud and burdens on schools and hospitals . The wall will save hundreds of billions of dollars â€ ” many , many times what it is going to cost . ... We have a lousy wall over here now but at least it stops 90 , 95 percent . When we put up the real wall , we 're going to stop 99 percent , maybe more than that . '' However , Congress ' main watchdog found that the government does not have a way to show how barriers prevent illegal crossings from Mexico . A Government Accountability Office report last year said U.S. Customs and Border Protection `` can not measure the contribution of fencing to border security operations along the southwest border because it has not developed metrics for this assessment . `` ( AP Photo/Evan Vucci )
President Donald Trump reviews border wall prototypes , Tuesday , March 13 , 2018 , in San Diego . During the visit Trump said , `` It will save thousands and thousands of lives , save taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars by reducing crime , drug flow , welfare fraud and burdens on schools and hospitals . The wall will save hundreds of billions of dollars â€ ” many , many times what it is going to cost . ... We have a lousy wall over here now but at least it stops 90 , 95 percent . When we put up the real wall , we 're going to stop 99 percent , maybe more than that . '' However , Congress ' main watchdog found that the government does not have a way to show how barriers prevent illegal crossings from Mexico . A Government Accountability Office report last year said U.S. Customs and Border Protection `` can not measure the contribution of fencing to border security operations along the southwest border because it has not developed metrics for this assessment . `` ( AP Photo/Evan Vucci )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - President Donald Trump 's latest barrage of tweets attacking investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 election stretched the bounds of credulity , from false claims that `` no crime '' had been uncovered to assertions that their campaign had been cleared of collusion with Russia .
That 's what The Associated Press found when scrutinizing an assortment of statements they made last week .
Trump left out important context in weekend tweets rejoicing over the firing of former FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe , once a leader of the bureau 's investigation into Democrat Hillary Clinton 's email practices .
Meanwhile , Trump told a fanciful story of Japanese regulatory authorities dropping bowling balls as part of a plot to keep cars out of the Japanese market , and , after finding themselves without enough information in a trade discussion with Canada 's prime minister , simply made stuff up .
A sampling of how Trump 's statements fell short of reality :
TRUMP : `` The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime . It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC , and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign . WITCH HUNT ! '' - tweet Saturday .
THE FACTS : He 's wrong to say `` no crime '' was found .
So far , four former Trump campaign aides have been charged with financial crimes or with lying to the FBI , and three of them have pleaded guilty and agreed to assist in Mueller 's investigation .
In all , six people - including the four Trump campaign aides - have been charged , along with 13 Russians accused in a hidden but powerful social media campaign to meddle in the American election .
Trump 's claim that the Russia probe was based on a `` fake dossier '' is also inaccurate . The FBI 's investigation began months before it received a dossier of anti-Trump research funded by the Democratic Party and Clinton 's campaign . The FBI probe 's origins were based on other evidence - not the existence of the dossier .
___
TRUMP : `` Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats , some big Crooked Hillary supporters , and Zero Republicans ? Another Dem recently added ... does anyone think this is fair ? And yet , there is NO COLLUSION ! '' - tweet Sunday .
THE FACTS : Trump 's claim of political bias lacks important context .
Several members of Mueller 's team have made political contributions to Democratic candidates , including Clinton . But Mueller , who is a longtime Republican , could not have barred them from serving on the team . Federal regulations and Justice Department policy prohibit the consideration of political affiliation in hiring and other personnel actions involving career attorneys .
Mueller reports to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , an ex-U.S. attorney under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama who was named to the Justice Department post by Trump . Rosenstein serves under Attorney General Jeff Sessions , a Trump appointee to the Cabinet .
___
TRUMP : `` As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded , there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign . As many are now finding out , however , there was tremendous leaking , lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI , Justice & State . '' - tweet Saturday .
THE FACTS : Trump 's statement is inaccurate . That conclusion came from Republicans on the committee ; it was not a committee finding . Democrats on the committee sharply dispute the Republican conclusions and will issue their own .
Whatever the findings of the committee , Mueller is leading the key investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and Russian contacts with the Trump campaign . The probe has produced a number of charges and convictions , none to date alleging criminal collusion . But Mueller continues to explore whether collusion occurred and whether Trump or others may have obstructed justice .
Trump did not specify what they meant in accusing the agencies of corruption . McCabe was fired ahead of the release of an inspector general 's report that 's expected to conclude they were not forthcoming about matters related to the FBI investigation of Clinton 's emails .
___
TRUMP : `` The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught , called out and fired . How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife 's campaign by Crooked H friend , Terry M , who was also under investigation ? How many lies ? How many leaks ? Comey knew it all , and much more ! '' - tweet Saturday .
THE FACTS : Some context is missing here . This is true : McCabe 's wife , Jill McCabe , ran as a Democrat for the Virginia state Senate in 2015 , and the political action committee of Democratic Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe gave their campaign $ 500,000 during their race . McAuliffe is a longtime associate of Hillary Clinton , branded `` Crooked H '' by Trump . Jill McCabe lost the race .
Trump 's complaint , as they spelled it out in the past , is that Clinton-linked money went to `` the wife of the FBI agent who was in charge of their investigation . '' But that timeline is wrong . Andrew McCabe was elevated to deputy FBI director and did n't become involved in the Clinton email probe until after their wife 's bid for office was over . The FBI said McCabe 's promotion and supervisory position in the email investigation happened three months after the campaign .
The bureau also said in a statement at the time that McCabe sought guidance from agency ethics officers and recused themselves from `` all FBI investigative matters involving Virginia politics '' throughout their wife 's campaign .
___
TRUMP , on how Japanese authorities stopped a U.S. car from being approved for sale in their country : `` They were ready to approve it and they said , 'No , no , we have to do one more test . ' It 's called the bowling ball test . Do you know what that is ? That 's where they take a bowling ball from 20 feet up in the air and they drop it on the hood of the car . And if the hood dents , then the car does n't qualify . Well , guess what ? The roof dented a little bit , and they said , 'Nope , this car does n't qualify . ' It 's horrible , the way we 're treated . '' - remarks to closed Missouri fundraiser Wednesday , leaked to The Washington Post and other organizations .
THE FACTS : That `` test '' did n't happen . `` He 's joking about this particular test , '' White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Thursday .
Possible inspiration for Trump 's story : a fanciful old Nissan ad showing its SUV miraculously escaping damage as bowling cascade down an urban street , trashing other vehicles .
___
TRUMP , on a meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau : `` Nice guy , good-looking , comes in - Donald , we have no trade deficit ... I said , 'Wrong , Justin , you do . ' I did n't even know . Josh , I had no idea . I just said , 'You 're wrong . ' You know why ? Because we 're so stupid . ... And I thought they were smart . '' - remarks at the Missouri fundraiser , held for GOP Senate candidate Josh Hawley .
THE FACTS : The facts of this meeting are not established ; Canadian officials wo n't comment on whether it happened as Trump described it . Trudeau visited Trump in October and the two have spoken by phone on multiple occasions about trade and other matters as Trump pushes a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico .
In their hard-to-follow account , Trump is making this point : They insisted the U.S. is running a trade deficit with Canada while Trudeau asserted the opposite - that the U.S. has a trade surplus with Canada . Trump is saying that while they did not have the facts to back them up , their belief that American officials have been `` stupid '' about trade and Canadians have been `` smart '' led them to assert that the U.S. must have a deficit with Canada . They went on to say that their position was ultimately vindicated when officials took a closer look at the statistics .
U.S. statistics do n't support Trump . They show the U.S. runs a trade surplus with Canada - $ 2.8 billion in 2017 , $ 12.5 billion in 2016 . A U.S. deficit in trade of goods is overcome by a surplus in trade of services for an overall balance in favor of the U.S .
Trump ignores services in their rhetoric .
___
TRUMP on the effects of a nuclear weapons test by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un : `` He had a test , they had a test of a nuclear weapon about a year ago , and it registered as an 8.6 . Now , you heard of that , on the Richter scale , right ? So they said , man , there was an earthquake . Eight point six someplace in Asia . Where was it ? Oh it was in North Korea . '' - from fundraiser .
THE FACTS : North Korea had no earthquake last year approaching that level of severity .
North Korea tested what it called a hydrogen bomb in September , causing an underground blast so big it registered as a 6.3 magnitude earthquake . Other nuclear tests last year were associated with smaller seismic events .
An 8.6 quake would be 200 times bigger - and release 2,818 times more energy - than a 6.3 .
___
TRUMP on their proposed border wall with Mexico : `` It will save thousands and thousands of lives , save taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars by reducing crime , drug flow , welfare fraud and burdens on schools and hospitals . The wall will save hundreds of billions of dollars - many , many times what it is going to cost . ... We have a lousy wall over here now but at least it stops 90 , 95 percent . When we put up the real wall , we 're going to stop 99 percent , maybe more than that . '' - remarks Tuesday in San Diego , while visiting prototypes of the wall .
THE FACTS : There are no measures of how well walls work .
Congress ' main watchdog found that the government does not have a way to show how barriers prevent illegal crossings from Mexico . A Government Accountability Office report last year said U.S. Customs and Border Protection `` can not measure the contribution of fencing to border security operations along the southwest border because it has not developed metrics for this assessment . ''
That 's after the government spent $ 2.3 billion from 2007 to 2015 to extend fences across 654 miles ( 1,052 kilometers ) of border and more to repair them .
Without knowing how many crossers will be deterred by a wall , it is impossible to know how much money taxpayers might save in schools , hospital spending and other services .
___
TRUMP : `` By the way , the state of California is begging us to build walls in certain areas . They do n't tell you that , and we said no , we wo n't do it until we build the whole wall . '' - remarks Tuesday in California .
THE FACTS : Trump made a similar claim last month on Twitter but has yet to say who in California wants the wall . The state unsuccessfully sued to prevent construction of Trump 's wall , claiming they were wrong to forgo environmental reviews .
___
Census Bureau on U.S.-Canada trade : https : //www.census.gov/foreign-trade/Press-Release/current_press_release/exh20.pdf
U.S. Trade Representative on 2016 trade with Canada : https : //ustr.gov/countries-regions/americas/canada
Earthquake magnitude calculator : https : //earthquake.usgs.gov/learn/topics/calculator.php
Federal study on border wall : https : //www.gao.gov/assets/690/682838.pdf
___
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in San Diego and Eric Tucker , Seth Borenstein , Josh Boak and Christopher Rugaber in Washington contributed to this report .
___
Find AP Fact Checks at http : //apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow @ APFactCheck on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/APFactCheck
EDITOR 'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
GOLDEN IS THE NEW BLACK : Kindness and commerce are rare bedfellows but Browns is aiming to change that with a campaign set to launch Wednesday in the London retailer 's windows , WWD has learned .
For one week beginning Wednesday , Andy Leek , the street artist and creative behind “ Notes to Strangers , ” will be working at Browns ' South Molton Street and Sloane Street stores , hand painting large-scale messages inspired by positivity and the Golden Rule directly onto the windows .
The artworks will be refreshed throughout the week , and the store said it is hoping they will pump up the positivity in London ahead of London Fashion Week , and serve as a backdrop for anyone wanting to take a selfie — with a focus on self-esteem .
“ Fashion should be fun , after all . So we 're kicking off a yearlong campaign , placing the spotlight firmly on this , the most perennial of trends : kindness , ” the retailer said .
Browns added that the # cooltobekind campaign is part of a larger initiative “ that allows us to show what we 're all about here . It really is cool to be kind and we 're leading by example. ” Browns will also be giving away free stickers — A5 size and smaller — bearing the slogans such as “ Vibes are Viral ” and “ Confidence Looks Great on You ” and “ Be Yourself , It 's Easier . ”
While the art may use a few fashion and social media idioms , Browns stressed the campaign is in no way promoting product . Leek , an advertising creative who has worked with brands including Barry M , Oxfam and Comedy Central , is known for their own project called “ Notes to Strangers. ” They slip notes with positive affirmations and upbeat messages inside discarded newspapers on the seats of the London Underground .
Holli Rogers , Browns chief executive officer , said : “ I believe that fashion should be fun and ‘ it 's cool to be kind ' has fast become a mantra for our Browns team . The energy of kindness is simply infectious and it 's a very inclusive sentiment , which is so important to us . There 's also a strong alignment with fashion in that fashion makes us feel good . It 's very emotive .
“ This campaign is n't tied to any particular brand or product , so it 's not a commercial venture in the traditional sense ; it 's so much bigger than that . It gives us the opportunity to connect with our customers in a much more authentic way and to communicate who we are and what we stand for. ” Asked whether any particular event or events spurred the idea for the campaign , they said it did not : “ We simply could n't think of a better or more appropriate time to spread a message of kindness , compassion and positivity to everyone , everywhere . ”
TOLEDO , Ohio ( AP ) — An Ohio zoo 's polar bear is off to Chicago to find love .
The Toledo Zoo says its 21-year-old female bear named Nan has been moved to the Brookfield Zoo near Chicago to see if they will breed with the zoo 's male bear .
Nan moved into their new home this week where she 's separated by a fence from their potential mate named Hudson .
The Brookfield Zoo says the bears will spend a little time getting to know each other before moving in together .
Advertisement
The move was arranged by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums and its polar bear species survival program .
Keepers at the Toledo Zoo say Nan is genetically important because they were born in the wild and discovered as an orphan cub near Barrow , Alaska .
At least seven Turkish soldiers were killed Saturday in Syria 's Afrin province , Turkey 's state-run Anadolu Agency said .
Scroll for more content ...
It marked Turkish forces ' deadliest day since troops entered the Afrin area in an attempt to drive US-backed , Syrian-Kurdish YPG militia from the area last month .
Five Turkish soldiers were killed when a tank was destroyed by missile in Sheikh Haruz , northeast of Afrin , Turkish state media reported .
Footage of the attack released by the militia 's media center showed a speck of light flying across a field , hurling towards a distant target . Moments later , a tank explodes in a powerful ball of orange flames .
Turkish armed forces said a sixth soldier was killed near the border town of Kilis , and another died in an undisclosed location fighting militia forces , Anadolu reported .
Turkey launched `` Operation Olive Branch '' on January 20 with the aim of ending the US-allied Kurdish militia control of Afrin and the surrounding region along the Syrian-Turkish border .
Turkey has long fought Kurdish unrest in the southeastern part of the country . It 's determined to prevent the establishment of a Kurdish state across the border in Syria and has used military force in the past against Kurds and ISIS in the northern part of the neighboring country .
The Indonesian government has slammed the approval of the new EU bill on clean energy by the European Parliament on Wednesday , which , among other things , will limit the use of palm oil for transportation fuel starting from 2021 .
The bill contains a plan to increase renewable energy use for at least 35 percent of overall energy use , but it also limits the use of biofuels made from food and feed crops to only 7 percent of all transportation fuels .
“ We are disappointed with the decision ; we view it as discriminative , ” Foreign Affairs Minister Retno LP Marsudi said at the State Palace in Jakarta on Thursday .
They added that the bill had not been implementable yet , because the European Parliament had to consult with the European Council and the European Commission .
Retno said the Indonesian Foreign Affairs Ministry and the Trade Ministry would soon talk to the European Council and European Commission about the issue .
Indonesia plans to show data about the Indonesia Sustainable Palm Oil ( ISPO ) program and facts that oil palm plantations had helped millions of people escape from poverty and had been managed sustainably .
“ The ISPO is one of Indonesia 's ways to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) . That is what [ the EU ] does not see . We are talking about the lives of millions of people who depend on oil palm plantations for their living , ” they said .
A A
MYRTLE CREEK , Ore. — Oregon State Police say two women have died after apparently falling from a bridge on Interstate 5 following a single-vehicle crash .
Police say emergency crews responded at about 2:30 a.m. Monday after the driver and their female passenger called 911 to report the crash north of Myrtle Creek on a bridge crossing the South Umpqua River .
Police say crews arrived and found a 2002 Kia sport utility vehicle but not the driver or passenger .
Police say crews soon after located two woman dead on the riverbank below .
Names have n't been released .
Police are continuing to investigate .
Need a break ? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku . Or take one of our fun quizzes !
New York , NY ( May 24 , 2017 ) — PepsiCo has renewed its contract with The Sourcing Group ( TSG ) , selecting TSG as its preferred vendor for overseas sourcing and best-in-class creative design plus fulfillment of premium and promotional materials .
“ This contract will enable TSG to expand its promotional marketing and point-of-purchase offerings across PepsiCo 's 22 iconic food and beverage brands , ” said Paul Joseph , Director of Promotional Programs . “ TSG will serve as a true partner to PepsiCo in promotional events , seasonal programs and licensed events that are co-branded with the NFL and the NBA . ”
“ We are excited to continue and expand our business relationship with PepsiCo , ” added Dennis Clemente , TSG President . “ Paul and their team have developed several successful , customized sourcing and fulfillment programs by leveraging our proprietary MultiSource technology . ”
About The Sourcing Group
The Sourcing Group ( TSG ) is a leading business process outsourcing service ( BPO ) provider recognized for commitment to customer satisfaction . Clients in more than 20,000 locations benefit from transparent , vendor neutral solutions through TSG 's MultiSource™ platform , developed with a single goal : simplify and optimize management processes using the very latest in scalable technology .
Built from decades of proven experience , TSG brings a standard of seamless efficiency to the strategic sourcing , fulfillment and accounting of print logistics and brand marketing collateral ; providing a complete suite of services including omni-channel communications across industries , print on demand and more . Learn more at thesourcinggroup.com
media contact
Samantha Caan | The Sourcing Group
631.494.5285
Is there a Spice Girls reunion on the cards ? The West Australian
The 90s girl group has sparked rumours it could be reuniting after social media posts of all five of them together .
Hugh Jackman is delighted 'The Greatest Showman ' has received the `` great reward '' of Golden Globe nominations .
The 49-year-old actor has been attached to the movie for several years , so was delighted that all the hard work that has gone into bringing the film to the big screen has resulted in two nods for the upcoming ceremony , with their own portrayal of P.T . Barnum earning them a place on the shortlist for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture , Comedy or Musical , and the project getting a second nod for Best Motion Picture , Comedy or Musical .
They shared a photo of themselves alongside co-stars Zendaya and Zac Efron and wrote : `` Over 7 years ago we began the journey to get @ GreatestShowman made into a major motion picture . Through all of the ( literal ) blood , sweat and tears .... giving up was never an option . As it is said - with great risk comes great reward . Thank you # HFPA ! @ goldenglobes ( sic ) ''
Emma Stone paid tribute to Billie Jean King , the tennis legend they portray in 'Battle of the Sexes ' , upon learning she 's been nominated for Best Actress in a Motion Picture , Musical or Comedy .
Expressing their thanks to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association ( HFPA ) , they said : `` Thank you to the HFPA for this honor and thank you beyond measure to the one and only Billie Jean King .
They are a brilliant , brave and game changing human being and I wish to be half the woman they are someday . I share this with the whole cast and crew of Battle of the Sexes ' , a film I feel very lucky to have been a part of . ''
And Billie Jean felt `` proud '' to see both Emma and their co-star Steve Carell - who played Bobby Riggs - nominated for Golden Globes .
They tweeted : `` Congratulations to # EmmaStone and @ SteveCarell on their @ goldenglobes Best Actress and Best Actor nominations for @ billievsbobby ! Two great people who delivered two incredible performances . Proud to have played a small part in the film 's success ! # GoldenGlobes ( sic ) ''
Meanwhile , Meryl Streep is `` thrilled '' about the recognition 'The Post ' has received , including a Best Actress in a Motion Picture , Drama nod for herself , the respective Best Actor nomination for co-star Tom Hanks , and Best Director nod for Steven Spielberg , as well as places on the shortlist in the Best Motion Picture , Drama , Best Screenplay and Best Original Score categories .
They said in a statement : `` I 'm thrilled for the movie , for Steven and Tom , and for the incredible ensemble of actors who made this movie need its moment in history . Thanks HFPA . ''
`` The king represents the whole nation and they are insulting the king , which is like they are insulting the whole nation , '' spokesperson for the country 's Ministry of Interior General Khieu Sopheak said as they confirmed an investigation had been launched .
`` We have got orders to arrest them , '' they said . `` If we do n't take action against them , more people might follow their act , '' they explained , according to AFP .
The offending image of King Norodom Sihamoni , 63 , was first shared on social media accounts December 25 . It was captioned `` Cambodian king is gay , '' the BBC reports .
While in neighboring Thailand , even sharing such an image could lead to arrest , Cambodia is much more relaxed when it comes to discussing its monarchy . But it seems there are some lines that must n't be crossed .
Cambodia 's police plan to arrest the three suspects , one of whom they believe to be in Thailand , Sopheak said . Cambodia may ask Thailand for assistance in tracking down the rogue Photoshopper .
AFP observes that Sihamoni , who took the throne somewhat reluctantly in 2004 after the abdication of their father , fulfills the symbolic role of head of state but stays well away from domestic politics . Sihamoni , who speaks several langauges , spent much of their adult life overseas , where they worked in the arts , even establishing their own ballet company . The king is unmarried and has no children .
Legal expert Sok Sam Oeun told the Phnom Penh Post that while Article 502 of Cambodia 's criminal code provides for the punishment of those who insult civil servants and public elected officials , there is no such protection for the king .
`` If there 's no punishment in the law , we can not punish anybody , '' they said . `` Legally , we can not extend the definition [ to include ] another crime . The law should be clear . ''
Cambodia 's constitution describes the king as `` inviolable . ''
WASHINGTON — A 17-year-old Alexandria girl that had been missing for nearly a month has returned home Tuesday night .
Venus Lorena Romero Iraheta , 17 , left their home voluntarily on Jan. 15 , said Fairfax County police . Police have said there was reason to believe they were in danger .
Iraheta left their house with a black and red backpack full of clothes .
Anyone with information about this case can contact police at 703-246-7514 .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
While not exactly a bastion of designer labels , Latvia has wholeheartedly embraced the buy-now trend for runway shows .
Participants in the most recent round of Riga Fashion Week were encouraged by Baltic Fashion Federation representatives to offer buy-now runway looks . Alise Trautmane , who presents their Narciss collection and is a former Latvia Designer of the Year winner , was one of the first to offer buy-now looks .
During the five-day event , which ended earlier this month , attendees at each show were told beforehand whether the upcoming collection was a buy-now one , and if so , where it was being sold . “ It was a little commercial . That had never happened before but it supported the designers . They were acknowledging , ‘ Why not shop the collection ? ' ” Trautmane said . “ About 400 of the 600 people at the shows were potential clients . ”
Having recently stopped doing trade shows , an increasingly popular cost-cutting measure for independent designers , Trautmane said eliminating wholesale is another . With a store in Riga , as well as e-commerce , Trautmane also recently cofounded with Sai Kong a co-sharing store/space called Dreams on Air that features 30 designers in New York City . “ I already publicize all the [ runway ] looks on social media . It does n't make sense to tell customers , ‘ Oh sorry , this dress will be available in six months ' time . ' ”
Dealing with “ the rising risk-aversiveness of buyers ” is also inhibiting many smaller brands from breaking into department stores or concept shops . “ Also , the market is so saturated , ” Trautmane said .
While the buy-now concept is well-suited for shoppers in Riga , where designer stores are considerably more limited than in other cities , Trautmane believes the formula could work for other independent designers trying to gain ground in the U.S. “ There are a lot of challenges for young designers . I do really think this will be the model of the future . With consumers having such a small attention span , it 's totally impossible to expect individuals to be interested in the same product twice . ”
Feb. 2 ( UPI ) -- The Pentagon called for the United States to develop two new types of weapons in an update of its nuclear policy Friday .
The new policy -- the first update of the Nuclear Posture Review since 2010 -- pushes modernization of U.S. nuclear weapons , infrastructure and delivery systems . It overturns years of Obama-era policy that sought to reduce the size and power of the United States ' nuclear arsenal .
It calls for a `` lower-yield '' options for ballistic and cruise missiles launched at sea .
`` Expanding flexible U.S. nuclear options now , to include low-yield options , is important for the preservation of credible deterrence against regional aggression , '' the report says .
President Donald Trump ordered Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis to conduct the Nuclear Posture Review one year ago .
In an introductory statement , Mattis said , `` We must look reality in the eye and see the world as it is , not as we wish it to be ... in no way does this approach lower the nuclear threshold . ''
In their own statement , Trump said the updated strategy develops capabilities so that use of a nuclear weapon is less likely .
`` It enhances deterrence of strategic attacks against our nation , and our allies and partners , that may not come in the form of nuclear weapons , '' they said . `` And , importantly , it reaffirms our commitment to arms control and nuclear non-proliferation , maintains the moratorium on nuclear testing , and commits to improving efforts to prevent , detect and respond to nuclear terrorism . ''
During their campaign , Trump promised to expand and strengthen the United States ' nuclear arsenal . They repeated that promise Tuesday during their State of the Union speech .
`` As part of our defense , we must modernize and rebuild our nuclear arsenal , hopefully never having to use it , but making it so strong and powerful that it will deter any acts of aggression , '' they said . `` Perhaps someday in the future there will be a magical moment when the countries of the world will get together to eliminate their nuclear weapons . Unfortunately , we are not there yet . ''
Market Research Future published a Half-Cooked Research Report on “ Pharmaceutical Isolator Market Research Report ” Pharmaceutical Isolator Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR over 8.1 % from 2018 to 2023
Pharmaceutical Isolator Market – Scenario
An isolator is equipment designed to avoid contamination . Isolators are either open or closed . Open isolators allow for ingress or egress of materials while affording a level of protection from the external environment and thus protect products while allowing materials to enter and exit the workspace .
Get Exclusive Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4683
Closed isolators , enable complete separation between the internal and external environment except for filtered air and they offer full protection to the substance being handled . Aseptic isolators differ from containment isolators on account of air pressure . Aseptic isolators use positive pressure to keep contamination out , while containment isolator applies negative pressure to keep contamination out of the workspace .
Isolators are commonly found in the pharmaceutical and biotech industry and are widely used for pharmacy aseptic compounding applications .
The market drivers for global pharmaceutical isolator market are rising demand due to the growing pharmaceutical and biotechnological industry , increasing regulations and cost of noncompliance , expanding the use of aseptic methods , rising bio labs , growing used of toxic and hazardous materials , advancements in isolator efficiency , and technology .
The global pharmaceutical isolator market is expected to reach USD 39.0 billion by 2023 , and the market is projected to grow at a CAGR of ~ 8.1 % during the forecast period 2017-2023 .
Pharmaceutical Isolator Market – Intended Audience
Global Pharmaceutical isolator manufacturers & suppliers
Research and development ( R & D ) companies
Hospitals and clinics
Academic institutes and universities
Pharmaceutical Isolator Market – Segments
The global pharmaceutical isolator market has been segmented on the basis of type , system , pressure differential , and end user .
Based on the type , the market has been segmented into aseptic isolators , containment isolators , bio isolators , sampling , weighing and distribution isolators , active pharmaceutical ingredient & manufacturing isolators , and other .
Based on the system , the market has been segmented into closed systems and open systems .
Based on the pressure differential , the market has been segmented into positive pressure and negative pressure .
Based on the end user , the market has been segmented as hospitals and diagnostics labs , pharmaceutical and biotechnological industries , research and academics , and others .
Premium Report Available @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/pharmaceutical-isolator-market-4683
Pharmaceutical Isolator Market – Regional Analysis
The Americas account for a significant market share owing to high expenditure on the health care . Additionally , the fastest uptake of advanced healthcare products in the U.S. drives the pharmaceutical isolator market . The high concentration of the major healthcare companies , biotech labs and hospitals in the developed countries of this region coupled with stringent regulatory and inspection is adding fuel to the market growth . Moreover , high inspection rate and the growing stringency of Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) inspections has fueled the U.S. market .
Europe is the second largest market in the world due to growing the pharmaceutical and industrial base . Countries such as Germany and France lead the European market growth . Germany is expected to be the fastest growing market over the assessment period . The active pharmaceutical industry in Germany is a strong driver behind the dominance of this country in Europe . The ever increasing research and development expenditures of the developed regions have stimulated the market for isolators in these regions .
Asia Pacific region is expected to grow rapidly ; China and India are likely to lead this market due to the fast-growing pharmaceutical sector and large unmet needs over the forecast period . South East Asian countries such as China , India , and Malaysia are projected to contribute highly to the market growth . The growing penetration of medical devices industry in the Asia Pacific region is expected to drive the future pharmaceutical isolator market in the region .
Gulf nations such as Saudi Arabia and the UAE are estimated to drive the Middle East & African market . Other Middle East nations to watch out for are Kuwait , Jordan , Egypt , and Iran . The African region is expected to witness a moderate growth owing to poor economic and political conditions , and poor healthcare development . The poor research and development in the Middle East and African region have restricted the growth of the pharmaceutical isolators market .
Key Players in the Global Pharmaceutical isolator Market
Some of the key players profiled in the report are Gelman Singapore , COMECER S.p.A. cf . p.Iva , IsoTech Design , LAF Technologies Pty Ltd , Fedegari Autoclavi S.p.A , Hosokawa Micron Ltd. , Bosch GmbH , MBRAUN , Chamunda Pharma Machinery Pvt . Ltd. , Schematic Engineering Industries , NuAire , Inc. , and others .
Major Table of Content :
Report Prologue
Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
TOC Continued… .
Get Prime Discount @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/4683
About US :
Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
Contact Us :
Market Research Future
Office No . 528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar ,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
Phone : +1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
Almost 4,000 Kashmiris were wounded last year when security forces fired pellet guns to contain stone pelting by a mob protesting the death of a local militant , Burhan Wani .
New Delhi ( Sputnik ) — French journalist Paul Comiti Edward was arrested late Sunday by the Indian police for filming a documentary on pellet gun victims in Kashmir without obtaining prior permission from the authorities . Comiti is the winner of the 2009 Bayeux-Calvados Awards for War Correspondents . They won the award for reporting on French soldiers ambushed in Afghanistan .
The Jammu and Kashmir police have booked Comiti for violating the Passport Act , and they are presently lodged in the Kothibagh police station . Police claimed that Edward had arrived in Kashmir on a business visa valid till December 2018 and had met some separatist leaders and pellet gun victims in the last 10 days . Travelers on a business visa are not allowed to film political or security-related issues in India . Some officials of the French Embassy in New Delhi reportedly visited Comiti at the police station after their arrest humiliated the embassy .
Some 4,000 people were wounded when security forces in Kashmir resorted to pellet gun firing to suppress mob violence triggered by the death of Burhan Wani , a local militant . A section of the local population had taken to the streets pelting stones at the security forces , claiming Wani had been a `` freedom fighter '' fighting on behalf of Kashmiris . Some of the wounded have claimed to have lost their eyesight after being hit by pellets .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - The Laurie M. Tisch Illumination Fund has pledged $ 10 million to fund arts programs focused on mental health issues in New York City .
The New York Times reports that the goals include improving the lives of those with dementia and Alzheimer 's disease . They also aim to fight the stigma around mental illnesses and help people overcome trauma .
Tisch says the initiative will likely grow , especially after their foundation is bolstered by the proceeds of a Christie 's auction of their parents ' $ 80 million art collection next month .
Them father was Preston Robert Tisch , the investor who bought half of the New York Giants in 1991 . Them mother was the philanthropist Joan Tisch .
___
Information from : The New York Times , http : //www.nytimes.com
VANCOUVER — Crews battled a stubborn fire Wednesday that was burning under a century-old railway trestle bridge near Hope , B.C .
Jeanne Larsen of the B.C . Wildfire Service said the fire began Sunday and had charred less than a hectare of bush near the Ladner Creek trestle , a metal span that was part of the decommissioned Kettle Valley Railway .
They said the thickly timbered , steep walls of the creek canyon was preventing a three-person crew from easily battling the flames .
The wildfire service lists the fire as suspected to be human caused on its website .
Although the trestle is still standing , a witness who could not be reached for comment said in a Facebook post on Sunday that the crumbling wooden ties on the old bridge deck had burned .
Larsen could not confirm that the ties were destroyed , but they say embers from them continued to spark fires that were difficult to reach in areas around the bridge .
`` Just little pieces of falling , burning debris are landing on the ground and igniting little spot fires and that 's what they 're dealing with , '' they said .
Cooler weather has eased wildfire conditions across B.C . The wildfire service says progress had been made on several major fires including the Allie Lake fire northwest of Kamloops .
Cache Creek has prohibited all campfires because of the fire risk , although propane or briquette fires are allowed . The entire village was evacuated for 11 days last summer because of wildfires that prompted the province to call a state of emergency .
The fires charred nearly 2,000 square kilometres of timber and destroyed 211 homes or properties before they were declared to be out in early October .
STAFF REPORT
PRICHARD — A man described by police as “ armed and dangerous ” is wanted on a murder warrant for Kendrick Cordell Jones , 22 , in connection with a Sunday drive-by shooting that killed a 25-year-old man in Prichard .
Marion Earl Awudu was killed when they were shot in the face , Prichard police said . Jones is also being sought in connection with other felonies , police said .
Call 452-2211 or email info @ thecityofprichard.org if you have information on jones ' whereabouts .
Jones , who has previous arrests for robbery and assault , was sentenced in 2014 to three years in prison for receiving stolen property , according to court records . It was not immediately known when they were released from custody .
Silicones Market , 2018-2023 Industry Research Report is an exhaustive study on the present market scenario of the global Silicones industry with a special focus on the International market of this industry . The report summarizes key statistics of the Silicones Market and the overall status of the Silicones manufacturers . The report is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry .
Intended Audience :
Silicones manufacturers
Traders and Distributors of Silicones
Production Process Industries
Potential Investors
Raw Material Suppliers
Nationalized Laboratory
Key Players Analyzed in this Report are :
Dow Corning Corporation ( U.S . )
Wacker Chemie AG ( Germany )
Shin-Etsu Chemical Co. , Ltd. ( Japan )
Momentive ( U.S . )
Elkem Silicones ( Norway )
Evonik Industries ( Germany )
KCC Corporation ( South Korea )
GELEST , INC. ( U.S . )
NuSil Technology LLC ( U.S . )
Specialty Silicone Products , Inc. ( U.S . )
Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics ( France )
and BASF SE ( Germany )
Get Sample Report Copy @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/silicones-market-5476
Current Market Scenario :
Silicones belong to the family of polymers , which comprises of siloxanes and silanes that are derived from pure silicon . They are produced by the reduction of silicon dioxide ( silica ) in the form of sand with carbon at high temperatures . Silicones are produced in three steps : synthesis of chlorosilanes , hydrolysis of chlorosilanes , and condensation polymerization . They exhibit excellent properties such as superior weathering and aging resistance , thermo stability , high water repellency , chemical resistance , strong electrical insulation , and super anti-foaming properties , which make them suitable for utilization in numerous end-use applications such as personal care & consumer products , automotive & transportation , building & construction , medical & healthcare , industrial process , and others .
As per our analysis , some of the important market factors and trends identified in the global silicones market include rapid urbanization , technological advancement , and continuous growth of medical & healthcare sector . Moreover , increasing use of silicones in the manufacturing of high-performance OEM along with rising automotive production and sales in emerging economies is predicted to fuel the growth of the market during the assessment period . Implementation of new emission regulation by many developed countries along with shifting automotive manufacturers on the utilization of lightweight material is estimated to drive the growth of the market . Growing commercial , as well as institutional construction activities in the developing countries coupled with the continuous expansion of building & construction industry , is predicted to propel the demand for these polymers . Furthermore , increasing disposable income along with rising use of personal care products such as lotions , cleansers , and conditioners are estimated to drive the market growth over the estimated period . However , fluctuating raw material price along with high energy price is expected to hamper the growth of the market .
Regional Analysis :
The global silicones market is categorized into five regions , Asia Pacific , Europe , Latin America , North America , and the Middle East & Africa . Among them , Asia Pacific region is estimated to grow with the highest CAGR during the forecast period , ( 2017 to 2023 ) on account of the expansion of various end-use industries such as automotive & transportation , personal care , and building & construction among others . The demand for silicones is predicted to surge in the numerous countries of the Asia Pacific such as China , India , Bangladesh , Singapore , Japan , Thailand , South Korea , and Malaysia due to the approval of large-scale industrial , residential , as well as commercial building & construction projects . Furthermore , growing number of working professionals coupled with increasing disposable income in emerging nations has presented an opportunity to spend on personal care products , which , in turn , is estimated to propel the growth of the market . Additionally , high economic growth , inexpensive raw material , labor & land cost , and shifting manufacturer base in this region are important factors for the regional market growth .
The Asia Pacific emerged as the largest silicones market in 2016 , which is further followed by Europe and North America . North America is estimated to witness an above-average growth in silicones market on account of increasing demand from healthcare sector along with the continuous growth of the medical sector in this region . The U.S. accounted for the largest regional market share in 2016 followed by Canada due to rising demand for personal care and consumer goods . In Europe , countries such as Germany , the U.K , Italy , France , Russia , and Spain are among the leading market contributors and is estimated to retain their dominance due to the robust automobile manufacturing base along with high adoption rate among various end-use industries . In Latin American countries such as Mexico and Brazil are predicted to hold the major regional market share due to rising automotive production along with the involvement of new business models . The Middle East & Africa is predicted to register a moderate growth during the review period on account of rising building & construction activities specifically in Qatar , Turkey , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Kuwait .
Table Of Contents :
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope Of The Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Markets Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
4 Market Landscape
4.1 Five Forces Analysis
4.1.1 Threat Of New Entrants
4.1.2 Bargaining Power Of Buyers
4.1.3 Threat Of Substitutes
4.1.4 Segment Rivalry
4.2 Value Chain/Supply Chain Of Global Silicones Market
5 Industry Overviews Of Global Silicones Market
Get Complete Report Details Here @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/silicones-market-5476
The Nigerian Communications Commission ( NCC ) on Monday said it had launched a nationwide television commercial to further educate subscribers against unsolicited text messages .
NCC in a statement said the television commercial was part of its efforts to educate and empower telecommunication subscribers .
NCC said the television commercial which features popular comedian Helen Paul and Kanywood 's most popular actor , Ali Nuhu , would break in the broadcast media on March 26 .
The commission had on March 15 , 2017 , launched a major campaign of awareness to enlighten subscribers about issues and solutions available to them that would enable them enjoy their services .
“ Among these solutions is the Do-Not-Disturb Code which enables subscribers who do not want to receive unsolicited text messages to simply text STOP to 2442 in any of the networks .
“ Subscribers who want particular types of messages have opportunity to choose a particular message type by texting HELP to 2442 , to avail themselves of the different options to choose .
The commission said the television commercial would feature in major national television networks and local television stations in all the states of the federation .
“ Also featured in the television commercial is the 622 complaints platform , a toll free number operated by the NCC , where consumers whose complaints are not resolved by the service providers can report to the commission for immediate resolution . ( NAN )
Carson Wentz 's pass hung in the air long enough to focus on the receiver who was streaking down the field . It was n't Alshon Jeffery or Torrey Smith , who were acquired this offseason to upgrade the position . And it was n't Jordan Matthews , who was Wentz 's favorite target among the receivers last season .
Nelson Agholor was the wide-open receiver who would settle under the quarterback 's perfectly timed toss and cruise untouched into the end zone . That it was their second 50-plus-yard `` touchdown '' catch only cemented that Wentz and the Eagles offense were having a strong practice .
`` Dimes . That 's what they do , '' Agholor said . `` He throws dimes . ''
At least they did Wednesday . Wentz did n't look especially sharp during the five previous practices that were open to reporters this spring . That they remain a work in progress probably does n't need repeating .
But as the Eagles put a bow on this week 's minicamp - a final , shortened session is scheduled for Thursday - and head into a five-week dead period before training camp opens in late July , Wentz 's efficient performance had to have been a welcomed sight .
`` When you 've got the ability that that guy 's got and you 're continuing to grow in this offense , you 're going to have days like that , '' reserve quarterback Matt McGloin said . `` When you know he 's on , he 's on . It 's awesome to watch . ''
Poll When do you expect Lane Johnson to take over for Jason Peters at left tackle ? Sometime this season
Next season
After that Vote Results
While McGloin had a front-row seat , Wentz said that they needed to watch film to accurately gauge their outing . A practice without contact and pads is hardly worth overanalyzing . And Wentz , who appears to have the equilibrium of successful NFL quarterbacks , was n't going to bask in the glow of one positive session .
`` I thought we were fairly sharp . We definitely were n't perfect , '' Wentz said . `` I think we 've had our fair share of pretty sharp days . And then there are days where the defense kind of gets the better of us as well . ''
Wentz almost never individualizes their evaluations . That is why it is important to note that if they had what may have appeared to be poor practices in previous days , there could have been myriad reasons outside their control . The same theory applies after strong performances .
But what matters most is that Wentz and the Eagles see improvement , however incremental . Each day brings a different set of challenges . On Wednesday , it was third and fourth downs . On other days , it could be the two-minute drill or the red zone .
`` You try and just take it one play at a time and isolate those , '' Wentz said . `` But when you 're out on the field you get the full effect of everything , so it 's hard to say what 's good and what 's bad , so to speak . Whatever it is , I know we can be better . ''
Eagles coach Doug Pederson , when asked how they measured their quarterback 's performances , said that they focus on Wentz 's decision-making , accuracy , and timing . They said they want to see if their eyes are in the right spot .
`` Learning from last season , learning from the mistakes made and the good plays from last year , '' Pederson said . `` And then just putting all that together . ''
If Wentz was n't asked another question about their mechanics this offseason , he 'd probably die a happy man . Some of the obsession over their throwing delivery has to do with playing quarterback in Philadelphia , but it 's a valid topic because there were times , especially as last season progressed , when their mechanics were off .
`` I think it 's been touched on a lot , '' Wentz said . `` Everybody in this game , in this position , is trying to get better . . . . You 're never a finished product . ''
Of the changes made , specifically to their footwork , Wentz said that he 's `` pretty fluid and natural now . '' But there have been moments this spring when their passes have sailed or fluttered . No quarterback throws a tight spiral every time , but are Wentz 's wobbles cause for concern ?
`` There are a lot of quarterbacks that throw a wobble pass here and there and are still pretty accurate , '' Pederson said before Wednesday 's practice . `` He was 11 of 12 [ Tuesday ] , so I 'm not concerned with a wobble here and there . ''
Wentz is an instinctive , athletic quarterback . To turn them into a pocket robot would be fencing them in and possibly lead to a fixation on mechanics . Wentz can throw as well as most quarterbacks from the pocket - and will have to work in that box most of the time - but throwing on the move and freelancing are often where they thrive the most .
On Wednesday , though , most of their best passes came from the pocket . They fired a BB to Zach Ertz over the middle against a zone defense . They threw to the tight end 's outside shoulder on a 15-yard `` out '' just inbounds . They dropped a toss to Jeffery over the outstretched hand of a defender . And they later hit Ertz with a dart that was hurled just as the tight end went into their break .
There were a few ill-advised throws . A deep heave fluttered short of Smith and was intercepted . But Wentz brought so much more to the offense than just their arm . They successfully audibled in and out of plays . They scrambled when there was nothing there . They drew the defense offside with a hard count .
And they hooked up with Agholor , a receiver who did n't catch a pass more than 40 yards last season , for two bombs . There may be legitimate reason for optimism if the much-maligned Agholor was to develop a rapport with their quarterback .
Wentz confirmed that they have invited the Eagles receivers to their home state of North Dakota for informal workouts during the break .
`` Believe it or not , '' Wentz said , `` there are beautiful summers up there . ''
They should n't need to sell the trip , especially when he 's dropping dimes .
jmclane @ phillynews.com
@ Jeff_McLane
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
COLUMBIA , Mo . - According to the U.S. Census , nearly 20 million people of working age live with a disability . While past research has indicated that people living with disabilities face barriers in workplace participation , researchers from the University of Missouri have now found one hindrance to workplace participation for people with disabilities is the lack of appropriate clothing . This barrier increases their stigma and decreases their confidence .
`` People with disabilities are no different than any other consumer looking for clothing , '' said Kerri McBee Black , instructor and doctoral candidate in textile and apparel management . `` Consumers want clothing that expresses their sense of style . They want clothing that makes them feel confident . Unfortunately , the apparel industry has yet to sufficiently meet the demand for this population . ''
McBee Black and Jung Ha-Brookshire , an associate professor of textile and apparel management at MU , conducted interviews with people with disabilities who had sought or were seeking employment to identify barriers that the study participants faced in the workplace . A common theme among all participants , regardless of the disability , was the lack of appropriate clothing options that would be sufficient in the workplace .
One participant of the study who is living with multiple sclerosis told the researchers that after a surgery , they had to look for adaptive clothing that would accommodate their colostomy bag . They struggled to find options that made them feel attractive , which impacted their overall confidence . Other participants reported similar problems finding professional clothes that were appropriate for work . In many cases , the researchers found that people with disabilities were n't even applying for jobs because they believed they could n't meet the expectations associated with the office dress code .
`` Throughout the interviews we heard from participants that people living with disabilities want to work ; yet , they experience public and self-stigma , both of which undermine their confidence , '' McBee Black said . `` Making sure that everyone has access to attractive , professional clothing will help people living with disabilities feel welcome in the workplace . ''
The Department of Textile and Apparel Management at the University of Missouri is committed to teaching future apparel designers the importance of inclusive and adaptive clothing options . Earlier this year , MU student Andrea Biligrien won third place for one of their clothing designs from the Runway of Dreams Foundation , which promotes inclusion , acceptance and opportunity in the fashion industry . Textile and Apparel Management is a department in the MU College of Human Environmental Sciences .
# # #
MECHANICSBURG – On April 29 from 11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. , the Friends of the Mechanicsburg Public Library will present a make it-take it , gourd birdhouse workshop . Each participant will receive a white-painted gourd with a pre-drilled hole . All necessary supplies will be provided .
Phyllis Powers will demonstrate how to use stencils to create a design while encouraging attendees to be creative and use free-hand designs . They encourage participants to wear appropriate clothing for painting .
To register , visit the Mechanicsburg Public Library or phone 937-834-2004 . Space is limited to 15 people . The cost is $ 10 for Friends of the Library members and $ 15 for non-members .
In the future , The Friends of the Library will be offering the following workshops : Create a Container/Companion Planting ( June ) , Paint Your Own Greeting Cards ( August ) , and Pumpkins with Succulents ( September ) .
These painted gourds are on display at the Mechanicsburg Public Library . http : //urbanacitizen.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Gourd-display-samples.jpg These painted gourds are on display at the Mechanicsburg Public Library . Submitted photo
Submitted story
Submitted by the Friends of the Mechanicsburg Public Library .
Submitted by the Friends of the Mechanicsburg Public Library .
Melbourne man makes incredible recovery after one-punch attack The West Australian
The father had their life support switched off before waking up .
Durban - A Reservoir Hills resident is warning others of a potential danger on the M19 after a rock was thrown at their BMW on Saturday night .
It was the second incident on the M19 within 24 hours .
Goolam Shabudin , a motor mechanic , and a close friend were returning from Chris Hani ( North Coast ) Road .
About a 100m from the Reservoir Hills M19 off-ramp , they saw litter on the road .
Shabudin , a father of two , said that the stretch of road was poorly lit and some parts did not have street lights .
“ I took my eye off the road to glance at what was next to the car . When I looked up , I saw a man standing behind the crash barriers holding something .
“ He threw a rock at my car .
“ There was a loud bang . I must have blanked out and instinctively slammed on the brakes causing the car to spin around and face the oncoming direction , ” Shabudin said .
The rock slammed into the bonnet and bounced over the front windscreen .
Shabudin said they turned the car around and headed for home . They said they reported the incident to the Sydenham police .
They declined to open a case because they had no faith in anyone being caught .
On Saturday morning , Rene Sookraj , 31 , a Westville resident , veered off the road and crashed their Hyundai i10 into the barriers after a rock was allegedly thrown off the M19 Durban-bound Whittaker Road bridge .
The rock struck the bonnet and hit the bottom of their windscreen .
Sookraj said the driver of a private security company vehicle stopped to help them
Urish Sookraj , their husband , said that when they arrived at the scene they found the rock lodged between the windscreen wiper and bonnet .
“ My wife is still in shock and has some aches and pains . While we were there , we noticed three men standing on the bridge . They left when police arrived , ” they said .
Urish reported the incident to the Westville police station where a case of malicious damage to property was opened .
Ish Prahladh , community leader and director of Iron Force Security , said they patrolled the area frequently after numerous incidents were reported .
“ We search for the suspects on the description given by the victims . The suspects disappear into the bushes along the M19 .
“ Often the suspects change their clothes because they know we are looking for people with a certain description and wearing certain colours , ” Prahladh said .
Daily News
( AP ) — More than three dozen organizations have accepted invitations to take part in the inaugural parade after President-elect Donald Trump is sworn in Jan. 20 , the Presidential Inaugural Committee announces . More than 8,000 participants will represent the various groups . A list of the organizations :
– 1st Cavalry Division Horse Cavalry Detachment , Fort Hood , Texas
– 1st Infantry Division Commanding General 's Mounted Color Guard , Fort Riley , Kansas
– Boone County Elite 4-H Equestrian Drill Team , Burlington , Kentucky
– Caisson Platoon , Fort Myer , Fort Myer , Virginia
– Cleveland Police Mounted Unit , Cleveland , Ohio
– Coastal Florida Police & Fire Pipes & Drums , Palm Coast , Florida
– Columbus North High School Band , Columbus , Indiana
– Culver Academy Equestrian , Culver , Indiana
– First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
– Fishburne Military School Army JROTC Caissons Battalion , Waynesboro , Virginia
– Frankfort High School Band , Ridgeley , West Virginia
– Franklin Regional High School Panther Marching Band , Murrysville , Pennsylvania
– Indianapolis Metro Police Motorcycle Drill Team , Indianapolis , Indiana
– Lil Wranglers , College Station , Texas
– Marist College Band , Poughkeepsie , New York
– Merced County Sheriff 's Posse , Hilmar , California
– Michigan Multi-Jurisdictional Mounted Police Drill Team & Color Guard , Ann Arbor , Michigan
– Mid America Cowgirls Rodeo Drill Team , New Buffalo , Michigan
– Nassau County Firefighters Pipes & Drums , East Meadow , New York
– North Carolina Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association , Hillsborough , North Carolina
– NYPD Emerald Society Pipes & Drums , East Moriches , New York
– Olivet Nazarene University , Bourbonnais , Illinois
– Palmetto Ridge High School Band , Naples , Florida
– Russellville High School Band , Russellville , Arkansas
– Talladega College Band , Talladega , Alabama
– Texas State University Strutters , San Marcos , Texas
– The Citadel Regimental Band & Pipes and Summerall Guards , Charleston , South Carolina
– The Freedom Riders , Kersey , Colorado
– Tupelo High School Band , Tupelo , Mississippi
– University of Tennessee Marching Band , Knoxville , Tennessee
– VMI Corps of Cadets , Lexington , Virginia
– West Monroe High School Marching Band , West Monroe , Louisiana
Several national groups have also accepted invitations to march in the parade , the committee announced . They are American Veterans ; Boy Scouts of America ; U.S. Customs and Border Protection Office of Field Operations ; Disabled American Veterans ; Paralyzed American Veterans ; Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors ; U.S. Border Patrol Pipes & Drums ; Wounded Warrior Project ; Kids Overseas .
A human trial shows that synthetic strands of RNA slow down the production of a protein that leads to irreversible damage in the brain .
Huntington 's disease is caused by a gene mutation that causes the body to create a rogue version of a protein called huntingtin ; this altered protein damages parts of the brain . The new drug , called Ionis-HTTRx , is a strand of synthetic RNA that blocks the production of that protein . The drug has to be injected into the fluid around the spine using a large needle .
Now the company behind the drug , Ionis Pharmaceuticals , reports that a phase 1 trial of 46 patients has shown that the drug successfully lowers the level of the toxic protein in the nervous system . And the results have caught the eye of Big Pharma : Roche has announced that it 's licensing the drug from Ionis for $ 45 million and will take on its development going forward .
Sarah Tabrizi , a professor of clinical neurology at University College London who ran the clinical trial , said in a statement that the results are of “ ground-breaking importance for Huntington 's disease patients and families. ” Now Roche will carry out further trials to investigate whether the reduced protein levels have a meaningful impact on the progression of the disease itself .
This is n't the first time that RNA drugs have been shown to be successful ( see “ How a Boy 's Lazarus-like Revival Points to a New Generation of Drugs ” and “ Gene-Silencing Drugs Finally Show Promise ” ) . But it is the first drug to target the underlying cause of Huntington 's .
According to the Guardian , some researchers hope that the same technique could be modified and applied to other incurable brain diseases , like Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's .
Several times during the day and sometimes at night , 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put their 48-year-old son Alex in a sling .
She 's a shade under five feet tall , slight , maybe 120 pounds . He 's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully .
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $ 100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone .
First they glide a lift over top of Alex , places colour-coded straps around their body , and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling .
They then pushes him : to bed , from bed ; to the toilet , from the toilet ; to a lounge chair , from a lounge chair , to their wheelchair , from their wheelchair .
They spend a lot of their time in their motorized wheelchair , and when they slump a bit too far , their mother has to reach from behind and pull them up . That recently gave them a four-month stint of bruised ribs .
“ I used to say , only age is a number , ” says Jeong Suk , their English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent .
“ But now , ” they say about their struggles , “ the age is right . ”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day , and despite considerable help from their sister Jin Cha , friend Michael Kerr , and personal support workers , the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman .
“ I always talk to them now , ‘ Before I die you have to . . . ' ” Jeong-Suk says but can not finish because their face bows in tears .
Alex Cha , 48 , is lowered to their bed by their mom , Jeong Cha , 78 , and guided by their sister , Jin Cha , at their north London condominium on Tuesday , April 11 , 2017 . ( MIKE HENSEN , The London Free Press )
Alex , who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage , is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility .
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list . Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways .
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list . If there are 50 people on the list , chances are you 're waiting 50 years to get the support you need .
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently , with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago , a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky .
The lawsuit seeks $ 100 million in damages for negligence , claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ ad hoc , inconsistent and unreasonable manner . ”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie , and Newbury to Stratford .
If you 're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities , you qualify for a personal support worker . Even in this category , there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help .
If you 're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs , you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region .
If you 're an adult , not a youth or yet a senior , you have even dimmer prospects .
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they do n't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available .
“ The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community . This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training , ” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions .
“ We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals , client characteristics or wait list data . ”
Last year , Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario 's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy . At the time , there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province .
In the South West LHIN , London 's Participation House has 40 spaces available , and 60 to 90 on the waiting list .
That 's where Alex would like to go .
The brief outline of Alex 's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House , then raised the issue in the legislature . Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter , but acknowledged Ontario 's disabled residents need more help .
At the news conference , Alex 's sister and tireless advocate , Jin Cha , spoke for an allotted two minutes .
They invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family 's challenges , in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities , like their brother .
“ Alex has a sharp brain but he 's trapped in that body , ” they say in interviews at the condo they share with their mother .
Born with cerebral palsy , Alex was an active person for a long time . But they fell in 2004 while brushing their teeth , and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage .
They spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after , Jin moved to the family house for a while to help their widowed mother look after him . They put a stair glide , porch lift and grab bars in the home to help .
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House .
Over the next 13 years , Alex suffered more falls , including one in 2015 that put them back in Parkwood and left them with a loose bone pinching on their spinal cord , the loss of almost all mobility , and the threat of one more fall killing him .
The family sold their home , and moved Alex and their mother into a condo apartment .
Jin lives in the same building , with their nephew , whom they persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care .
“ We do try to focus on the positive , ” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears . They often take a break from telling the story to put a hand on their brother , tease them and confirm with them what she 's saying .
The doctors , the personal support workers , the people she 's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind , they say .
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work . Jin is the organizer . They have created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of their daily exercises . Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections , toileting ( with 64 photographs and instructions ) , extra clothes to show where they are kept , getting them out of bed ( 37 photographs with instructions ) , washing routine ( 23 pages ) and breakfast ( five pages ) .
“ He can not direct their own care . They ca n't verbally tell someone something . ”
A full-time teacher , Jin figures they spend an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules , doctor 's appointments , regular blood tests and other chores . She 's the one who makes sure they continue to get the assessments to stay on the wait list .
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month , although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April .
The only time their mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit . On Sundays , they rush to church and back while the family helps .
The rest of the days , suffering from arthritis herself , Jeong-Suk has to do Alex 's physio and massages , wash their clothes — sometime soiled — make their meals , brush their teeth , turn them so they do n't get bed sores , scratch them when he 's itchy , shower them and on and on .
“ I ca n't get them recharged . They do n't know what that is , ” Jin says .
As their mother ages , Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care .
“ We are a private family , but we ca n't keep quiet anymore . We do n't have a voice . ”
They have prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press , including their discharge documents from Parkwood .
“ Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine ( bathing , dressing , grooming , toileting ) and feeding . ”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care , with seniors .
Alex is not a senior . They spend hours online at night communicating with others .
“ He has a sharp brain . Everything works . They tell really bad jokes but they think he 's funny , ” Jin says , turning to smile at them and tap their knee .
When they were told they had to live in a seniors ' home , Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor .
Jin starts to cry when they explain why .
“ What he 's saying is they would rather die than go into a nursing home . It 's a death sentence . It 's like I 'm choosing my mom 's life over his . ”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex , typed out slowly with the index finger of their one good hand , their right , on their computer .
The thought of going to long-term care : “ I rather die if I have to go there . I really need help . ”
But the note contains humour as well .
“ My family members ca n't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes . ”
In a short visit at their home , Alex 's humour often breaks through their damaged body .
It 's a sign of the life inside that their family wants to keep alive .
“ It 's not your fault , ” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family . “ I 'm just trying to be a voice for you . ”
Alex tries to say something . I love you , perhaps .
“ We 'd come and visit you every day , ” Jin promises .
Alex roars in laughter , reacting the same way every adult would at that thought .
“ Oh God , ” they say .
rrichmond @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
Honda has unveiled a new jet , the HondaJet Elite , that features improved range , noise reduction , and avionics .
An attendee interacts with an illuminated panel at Google stand during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain , March 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Paul Hanna
MILAN Italy and Alphabet Inc 's Google are close to reaching a deal to settle a tax dispute , the head of the Italian tax authority Rossella Orlandi told Italian newspaper La Repubblica .
`` We are very close to a solution with Google , '' Orlandi said .
Italy is looking at a proposal from Google to pay between 270 million and 280 million euros to settle a tax dispute , a source close to the matter said in January .
Last year Italian tax police alleged that Google had evaded paying taxes worth 227 million euros ( $ 248 million ) between 2009 and 2013 in a move which was said could result in heavy punitive fines .
In the interview with La Repubblica , Orlandi also said the government is reviewing the business of internet platforms for home rentals such as Airbnb Inc .
( $ 1 = 0.9158 euros )
( Reporting by Francesca Landini , editing by Stephen Jewkes )
With the IAAF World Relays scheduled for Saturday and Sunday in the Bahamas , a look at how the U.S. men 's 4x100 metres relay teams have finished by event in the 15 global competitions since 2000 .
2016 Olympics - Disqualified for zone violation , Jamaica win
2015 world championships - Disqualified for zone violation , Jamaica win
2015 world relays - Won , defeating Jamaica
2014 world relays - Disqualified in heats for zone violation , Jamaica win
2013 world championships - Second to Jamaica
2012 Olympics - Second to Jamaica , later disqualified for doping
2011 world championships - Did not finish after failing to exchange baton , Jamaica win
2009 world championships - Disqualified for zone violation in heats , Jamaica win
2008 Olympics - Did not finish , dropped baton in heats , Jamaica win
2007 world championships - Won , Jamaica second
2005 world championships - Did not finish , dropped baton in heats , France win
2004 Olympics - Second to Britain
2003 world championships - Won , Brazil second
2001 world championships - Won , later disqualified for doping violation , South Africa win
2000 Olympics - Won , Brazil second
Summary :
Gold medals : 4 ( another was stripped for doping violation )
Silver medals : 2 ( another was stripped for doping violation )
On-track disqualification : 4
Did not finish : 3
By comparison , Jamaican men have won all but one of the nine global men 's 4x100 metres relay races since 2008 , losing only to the U.S. in the 2015 World Relays . ( The Jamaicans were later stripped of their 2008 Olympic gold medal for a doping violation ) .
( Compiled by Gene Cherry , editing by Ed Osmond )
In the wake of the recent ICE arrests in the Austin area , Austin ISD lawyers are directing principals and staff not to share with students resources and fliers that have not been vetted by the superintendent 's office or general counsel .
According to a memorandum sent to campus leaders Monday , employees may not `` speak to political affiliation , views , protests , advocacy or other controversial issues or topics that may arise while on District property . ''
The memo also warns of possible scrutiny or repercussions from state lawmakers .
`` Austin ISD is unique in that it is the District of the Texas Capital and is known for being politically and socially active ; therefore its activities , statements , and reactions are immensely scrutinized , '' the memo said . `` This increased oversight that is not experienced by all school districts emphasizes the need and importance for District employees to be meticulous and very calculated in their actions and responses to controversial events . ''
The memorandum was sent after at least 51 people were detained by ICE agents last Thursday and Friday in the area that includes Austin and San Antonio . Schools reported heightened anxiety and confusion among students who were afraid of what might happen to their families .
Austin School Board Vice President Paul Saldana criticized the memorandum and said the school board was not briefed before it was sent .
`` I 'm a little perplexed regarding this latest email or memo that was delivered to all of the campuses , to the principals and the teachers , because it 's in a direct contradiction to what I thought we were committed to as a district , '' Saldana said . `` I 'm quite taken back and very surprised with the conservative tone of the memorandum . ''
On Friday , Austin Superintendent Paul Cruz posted a general list of district resources for immigrant and refugee students on the district 's website . But Education Austin has been more explicit about the information it 's sharing , disseminating thousands of documents that explain what to do if ICE shows up at your door , at work or stops you on the street . The local teacher 's organization also distributed names of trusted immigration lawyers . Education Austin hosted multiple Know Your Rights seminars for teachers and community members last weekend .
`` This is not about whether the district has a right to control certain messages or not , '' Eductation Austin President Ken Zarifis said . `` We recognize the district has that right . What we 're arguing is that there is information that is pertinent to the security of our families that are under attack that we can safely get out to them . It is not political , it is not agitational , it is informational . And that is what we want to do . Families need to know where turn , what they can do because most do n't know . It 's a learning opportunity . We 're schools . Let 's teach . ''
The union is holding a news conference Wednesday at Lanier High School to encourage the district to communicate this information to families clearly . Saldana said board members will also discuss the memorandum at Wednesday 's board operations meeting .
NORTH CHARLESTON , S.C. ( AP ) — The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing 's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union ( all times local ) :
6:45 a.m .
Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing 's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize .
Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant 's sprawling facility in North Charleston . A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon .
Advertisement
Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they 'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers . The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference .
The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state 's minuscule union presence . Labor experts say a “ yes ” vote would have repercussions throughout the South , potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing .
___
4:10 a.m .
Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing 's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize , writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South .
If successful , Wednesday 's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas .
And , to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states ' lack of union presence , it 'd make their jobs more difficult .
Labor experts say a “ yes ” vote would have repercussions throughout the South , potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Questions about the Trump administration 's ties to Russia are hardly going to disappear with the firing of national security adviser Michael Flynn . Investigations are underway , and more are likely by the new administration and on Capitol Hill .
U.S. agencies , including the FBI , have been probing Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election . And three congressional committees are conducting their own investigations that include looking at contacts between Russian officials and members of the Trump campaign and administration .
This is n't the first time Trump has distanced themselves from an adviser in light of a relationship with Moscow . In late August , Paul Manafort resigned as Trump 's campaign chairperson after disclosures by The Associated Press about theirs firm 's covert lobbying on behalf of the former pro-Russian ruling political party in Ukraine .
The New York Times reported late Tuesday that members of Trump 's campaign , including Manafort , had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials during the year before the election . The U.S. knew about these contacts through phone records and intercepted calls , the Times said .
Advertisement
Reached late Tuesday , Manafort told The Associated Press they have not been interviewed by the FBI about these alleged contacts .
“ I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today , ” Manafort said .
Officials who spoke with the Times anonymously said they had not yet seen any evidence of the Trump campaign cooperating with the Russians on hacking or other attempts to influence the election .
Trump 's own ties to Russia have been questioned in light of their friendly posture toward the long-time U.S. adversary and reluctance to criticize President Vladimir Putin , even for Putin 's annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region in 2014 .
“ This is n't simply about a change in policy toward Russia , as the administration would like to portray . It 's what 's behind that change in policy , ” said California Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee , one of the congressional bodies investigating . Schiff said there are continuing questions about the Trump campaign 's ties to Russia and whether anyone assisted Moscow in hacking .
“ It 's not just that an administration official was caught lying . It 's that the national security adviser to the president was caught lying and on a matter of central importance . So this is big , ” Schiff said .
The Obama administration said Russia interfered in the 2016 election with the goal of electing Trump . Trump has acknowledged that Russia hacked Democratic emails but denies it was to help them win .
The investigations and the unusual firing of the national security adviser just 24 days into their job have put Republicans in the awkward position of investigating the leader of their party . Senior GOP lawmakers continue to deny Democrats ' requests that an independent panel be established to carry out the Russia investigation . So the congressional probes are ultimately in the hands of the Republican chairpeople , and the executive branch 's investigation has been overseen ultimately by Trump appointees .
On Tuesday , Republican leaders focused on the idea that Flynn misled Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of their contacts with the Russian ambassador — not on any questioning of the relationship between Flynn and the ambassador . Democrats say a key issue is whether Flynn broke diplomatic protocol and potentially the law by discussing U.S. sanctions with Moscow before Trump 's inauguration .
The Justice Department had warned the White House late last month that Flynn could be at risk for blackmail because of contradictions between their public depictions of the calls with the Russian ambassador and what intelligence officials knew about the conversations .
“ You can not have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others , ” said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin .
Daniel Jones , a former lead investigator on the Senate intelligence committee , said it 's important that Congress investigates Flynn 's ties to Russia and make sure that does n't get lost in a broader probe into Russia and the 2016 election .
“ This is a checks-and-balances issue , ” Jones said . “ This should n't be a political issue . ”
On the other hand , California Rep. Devin Nunes , chairperson of the House intelligence committee , said they were concerned Flynn 's rights were violated in the interception of their conversations with the Russian ambassador .
“ I 'm just shocked that nobody 's covering the real crime here , ” Nunes said . “ You have an American citizen who had their phone call recorded and then leaked to the media . ”
Nunes said they intended to ask the FBI “ what the hell 's going on here . ”
The FBI has wide legal authority to eavesdrop on the conversations of foreign intelligence targets , including diplomats , inside the U.S .
Flynn did not concede any wrongdoing in their resignation letter , saying merely that they “ inadvertently briefed the vice president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador . ”
Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon , a member of the Senate intelligence committee which is already investigating Russia and the 2016 election , said Flynn 's resignation raises more questions .
For example , they said , there are open questions about how many conversations Flynn actually had with the Russians and whether other people knew they were having them .
While North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr , chairperson of the Senate intelligence committee , said much of the panel 's investigation will occur behind closed doors , Wyden said they planned to push to make the findings and hearings public .
Republican Lindsey Graham , who is leading a Senate judiciary subcommittee investigation into Russia 's interference in the 2016 election , echoed Wyden 's concerns about whether Flynn was acting alone and without direction in their contacts . White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump did not direct Flynn to discuss U.S. sanctions with the Russians . “ No , absolutely not , ” Spicer said .
“ I think most Americans have a right to know whether or not this was a General Flynn rogue maneuver , or was they basically speaking for somebody else in the White House , ” Graham told CNN Tuesday .
___
Associated Press writers Eric Tucker , Erica Werner , Richard Lardner , Chad Day and Deb Riechmann contributed to this report .
JOSE Mourinho has plans in place to cull as many as nine first team players at Manchester United with Luke Shaw at the top of the list after claims of an ‘ amazing bust-up ' .
United players were reportedly left stunned , with talks of Shaw being bullied by the Special One , after the young left back was hooked at half time of the Red Devils ' FA Cup win over Brighton .
With the duo 's relationship deteriorating rapidly , The Daily Mail reports Shaw is likely to be sold in the summer with Chelsea closely monitoring the situation .
It comes as links continue with a swap deal with Tottenham 's Danny Rose while Sky Sports UK have said Shaw will now consider their future at the club despite extending their contract for a further season .
A source close to Shaw told Sky Sports UK : “ Mourinho 's treatment of Luke is an absolute disgrace . If they have a problem with him , the decent thing to do would be to keep it in-house .
“ If this kind of abuse happened in any other workplace , there would be a case for constructive dismissal . It 's disgusting .
Camera Icon Manchester United 's English defender Luke Shaw . Picture : AFP
“ A few weeks ago , Mourinho was praising him , now they ca n't do anything right .
“ Luke 's a strong lad and they wo n't let Mourinho ruin their life . He 'll consider their future in the summer and is still determined to be part of the England squad heading for Russia . ”
According to The Daily Mail , other players on the ‘ To be culled ' list are : Ander Herrera , Anthony Martial , Juan Mata , Chris Smalling , Matteo Darmian , Daley Blind while Marouane Fellaini and Michael Carrick are also set to depart .
One player who wo n't be leaving is Ashley Young , with a clause triggered in their contract to extend it by an additional year – that means he 'll remain at Old Trafford until at least 2019 .
Young has been playing as left back , favoured ahead of Shaw , but could also face competition for that position from young ace Ryan Sessegnon .
Camera Icon Fulham 's English defender Ryan Sessegnon ( R ) . Picture : AFP
An England Under-17 international and Fulham first team regular , The Sun reports Sessegnon is a £40m target in the summer after scoring 14 times already this Championship season from left back .
United have already scouted the 17-year-old in the flesh three times and see them as a long term solution to the position .
Meanwhile , France coach Didier Deschamps has said midfielder Paul Pogba “ ca n't be happy ” with their current situation at Old Trafford .
Pogba was an unused substitute in United 's FA Cup win over Brighton on Saturday , after being left out of the starting line-up when Jose Mourinho 's side were dumped out of the Champions League by Sevilla .
The 25-year-old is with Deschamps ' France squad ahead of their World Cup warm-up friendlies against Colombia and Russia .
“ I have n't discussed it will Paul , I 'm sure I 'll know more about it , ” said Deschamps .
“ But obviously this is n't a situation he 's appreciating in relation to everything that he 's done . They ca n't be happy with what he 's going through at the moment with their club .
“ I have a lot of talks with players to interact with them and understand their feelings . ”
Pogba has started just 24 matches for United this season , with manager Mourinho preferring Fellaini and youngster Scott McTominay to the former world 's most expensive player in recent weeks .
Deschamps ' France , one of the favourites for the World Cup in Russia , face Colombia in Paris on Friday before travelling for a match in St Petersburg on March 27 .
Just ten days after we saw the next generation Audi A6 testing with its production lights on for the first time , the very same prototype is spied again , looking virtually unchanged . It 's still wearing a lot of camouflage foil , as well as a set of additional lights mounted on a special roof bar , but this time we are especially interested in the radiator grille .
It 's where a massive cluster of radars is mounted , hidden underneath a black plastic cover , most likely there for protection purposes . It 's positioned right where the Audi four-ring logo should be and has approximately the same overall shape and dimensions as the emblem . Under closer inspection , you 'll also notice two smaller radars at both sides of radiator grille , connected to the main unit through small white cables .
We ca n't be completely sure what these radars are for , but most likely they will be used by a semi-autonomous system , set to be part of the optional equipment of the new A6 . Audi 's Traffic Jam Pilot self-driving system , which debuted on the new A8 , will be active at speeds of up to 37 miles per hour ( 60 kilometers per hour ) .
Based on the MLB Evo platform , Audi 's rival for the Mercedes-Benz E-Class and BMW 5 Series will be lighter and slightly bigger than the outgoing model , and will share many design elements with the new A8 and A7 Sportback . The first from the range to arrive will be classic sedan , which should debut at the 2018 Geneva Motor Show , followed by a station wagon and the rugged A6 Allroad .
We do n't have official information about the engine lineup , but we can assume it will be identical to the A7 Sportback – a wide variety of four- and six-cylinder diesel and gasoline turbo units , as well as larger range-toppers .
Photos : Automedia
How connected is your workplace ? Today 's Internet of Things ( IoT ) and smart building technologies are rapidly transforming the traditional office into technology-enabled , personalized , high-productivity workspaces . Whether you 're a Boomer , Gen-Xer or Millennial , technology can drive productivity .
Helping companies create more cost-efficient and productive workplaces is all in a day 's work for JLL 's new hire , Brian Fallon , a veteran of IBM and the newest member of the Technology Solutions Americas practice at JLL . Most recently , Fallon was a consultant and sales representative bringing IBM 's TRIRIGA IWMS and Internet of Things ( IoT ) facility management technologies to several hundred customers in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic region .
In their new role at JLL , Fallon will work with the Technology Solutions team to help companies create data-driven , connected and highly productive workplaces . Fallon 's appointment follows the appointment of Dmitri Gerchikov , JLL 's new Senior Vice President of IoT and analytics for corporate facilities . Gerchikov and Fallon are the latest additions to JLL 's growing Technology Solutions practice , building on the firm 's acquisition of industry-leading IWMS consultancy , BRG , last year .
“ Brian will help us expand our longstanding alliance with IBM as a leading TRIRIGA reseller and consultant , ” said Traci Doane , President of JLL Technology Solutions . “ The combined power of JLL 's expertise in real estate with IBM 's strength in IT will inspire groundbreaking smart building and IWMS solutions to emerging workplace and facility management challenges . ”
Fallon joins JLL following a long and award-winning tenure at IBM . For example , they led one of the first implementations of TRIRIGA 's IoT space optimization technology that helps companies use space more efficiently and reduce occupancy costs . Fallon began their IBM career as an engineering consultant , working in networking and storage solutions before transitioning to sales .
Fallon holds B.S . degrees in computer science and political science from Pace University , NY .
JLL 's Corporate Solutions offers strategy , services and technology solutions across the entire real estate life cycle to organizations globally .
About JLL
JLL ( NYSE : JLL ) is a leading professional services firm that specializes in real estate and investment management . A Fortune 500 company , JLL helps real estate owners , occupiers and investors achieve their business ambitions . In 2016 , JLL had revenue of $ 6.8 billion and fee revenue of $ 5.8 billion and , on behalf of clients , managed 4.4 billion square feet , or 409 million square meters , and completed sales acquisitions and finance transactions of approximately $ 136 billion . At the end of the first quarter of 2017 , JLL had nearly 300 corporate offices , operations in over 80 countries and a global workforce of more than 78,000 . As of March 31 , 2017 , LaSalle Investment Management had $ 58.0 billion of real estate under asset management . JLL is the brand name , and a registered trademark , of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated . For further information , visit www.jll.com .
Bumblebees regularly tackle the Travelling Salesman Problem to improve their foraging routes , a skill that promises to yield solutions in the fields of robotics and logistics
Few people draw a parallel between bumblebees and travelling salespersons but that 's what comes after months of tracking the flight paths of the pollinators as they forage for food in and around an array of artificial flowers in the fields within Rothamsted Research .
Bees , like those archetypal salespersons it seems , refine their routes around multiple destinations and , in the process , provide insights into analogous problems in logistics and robotics and into how land might be used more efficiently , reveals research published today in Scientific Reports .
`` We tempted the bees with shortcuts between feeding stations that increased the total distance they travelled to visit all the feeders , '' says Joe Woodgate , lead author from Queen Mary University of London , which drew on Rothamsted 's technical expertise as well as its landscape for the research .
`` We then watched as they explored different flight paths around the feeders and developed habitual routes , '' notes Woodgate , who is a postdoctoral researcher in QMUL 's School of Biological and Chemical Sciences .
The team found that , initially , the bees often fell for the trick , opting for short-term gain over long-term pain . But they gradually refined their flight paths , reducing their overall travel distance , though without ever visiting the feeders in the best possible order . `` In this study , we took the unusual step of following individuals continuously as they gradually developed solutions to a spatial problem ; previous work relied on only a few snapshots of the bees ' activity , '' notes Woodgate .
They add : `` The result is one of the largest and most complete datasets on bee flight ever recorded and provides an in-depth look at route development for the first time ever . ''
The team used harmonic radar to track 6 bumblebees making 201 flights in total ; a tiny transponder on the bee doubles the frequency of the incoming signal to the next harmonic so that the reflected signals from the bee can be distinguished from reflections from elsewhere `` We tracked every single foraging flight that the bees undertook as they learned about the feeder array , with the radar telling us the position of the bee every three seconds , to an accuracy of 2 metres , '' says Woodgate .
They add : `` Animals can not inspect a map to find out where the best food sources are or plan how to get to them ; instead , they must explore the landscape , discovering locations one by one , and then they face the challenge of integrating their spatial memories into an efficient route .
`` Only by following the flight paths of bees as they explore and try to generate better routes can we start to truly understand how animals solve route optimisation problems . ''
The radar tracks have yielded videos , in the form of animated heatmaps , that show the routes taken by the bees as they foraged . These heatmaps demonstrate graphically how some segments of route became habitual while other explorations were forgotten as preferred flight paths evolved .
`` Understanding how small-brained animals like bees find efficient rules-of-thumb to accomplish complex and flexible behaviours has great potential to inform the development of AI and advanced robots , '' says James Makinson , co-author and Woodgate 's fellow postgraduate researcher at QMUL .
`` It 's also important to understand how bees and other pollinating insects search for food and use the landscape , '' notes Makinson . Such knowledge , they say , `` is crucial to managing the risks to pollinator services posed by habitat loss and agricultural intensification . '' Pollinator services are threatened by intensification , fragmentation and habitat loss , says Andy Reynolds , theoretical physicist at Rothamsted and the team 's data analyst . `` Accessing and forecasting these risks requires an understanding of how pollinators use the landscape . ''
The global economic value of ecosystem services is worth around 10 % of global food production , or over $ 200 billion , says Jason Lim , the team 's senior electronics and radar engineer at Rothamsted : `` The need to understand the movement of both migratory insect pests and pollinators is more important than ever if agricultural production is going to feed a human population of 10 billion by 2050 . ''
# # #
For images , videos , research paper and accompanying material , see lead author 's DropBox link .
Rescue helicopters are hovering over the scene of an explosion that has hit an OMV gas station in Austria 's Baumgarten on Tuesday , according to media reports . The work of the gas hub has been fully halted .
Different reports suggest that between 50 and 60 people are injured after an explosion at a Austrian OMV oil and gas company 's natural gas depot in Baumgarten . A Red Cross official has said one person was killed , according to AFP . However , police have denied that one person has died .
Ten fire engines , four ambulances and rescue helicopters are patrolling the area , Heute.at says .
Local police have urged citizens to avoid the scene and `` follow instructions '' from the authorities .
OMV 's spokesperson has said the company [ largest in central Europe ] is seeking to find out which parts of the plat have been affected and added that a criminal investigation has begun , according to noe.orf.at .
Videos and photos have surfaced online , which show the fire caused by the explosion .
Brennt da hinten eine Gasleitung von der @ omv ? Scheint mega groß zu sein 🤨 pic.twitter.com/VKI0HV21yU — Wolfgang Weinkum ™ ( @ WolfgangWeinkum ) 12 декабря 2017 г .
The hub takes in approximately 40 billion cubic meters of gas every year and redistributes it further in Europe .
DETAILS TO FOLLOW
Stilwell at Poteau , 7 p.m .
Porum at Keota , 7 p.m .
Arkoma at Watts , 7 p.m .
Bokoshe at Webbers Falls , 7 p.m .
Heavener at Roland , 7 p.m .
Panama at Antlers , 7 p.m .
Pocola at Warner , 7 p.m .
Spiro at Hugo , 7 p.m .
CLEMSON , S.C. — Clemson 's starting backcourt of Marquise Reed and Shelton Mitchell is returning for one more season .
Reed , the Tigers leading scoring last season , and Mitchell both announced they have withdrawn from the NBA draft and will play one more year with the Tigers .
Reed averaged 15.8 points while Mitchell had a career-best 12.2 points a game this past season in helping Clemson ( 25-10 ) reach the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament . It was the Tigers first NCAA trips since 2011 .
Reed and Mitchell , Clemson 's point guard , both entered the draft last month . Neither hired an agent making them eligible to return . It also means the core of this year 's NCAA team is back with the guards joining forward Elijah Thomas next season .
Intrigue around The Bachelor , ABC 's long-running dating reality show , usually centers on rendered roses and resentful rivals , but one contestant on the current season made headlines this week for different reasons .
Rebekah Martinez , 22 , has been seen weekly on television screens since Jan. 1 , when the season debuted , and yet had also simultaneously been registered as a missing person in California 's Humboldt County . That is until astute viewers and the local newspaper helped set the record straight on Thursday .
On Nov. 18 , Martinez 's mother called the Humboldt County Sheriff 's Office to file a missing person 's report , saying they had not heard from their daughter for a week , reports the North Coast Journal .
A sheriff 's spokesperson told the newspaper that Martinez told their mother that they were going to Humboldt County to work on a marijuana farm .
After trying to get ahold of Martinez and following up on leads , police asked Martinez 's mother on Dec. 12 whether they had made contact with their daughter , reports People magazine . The mother , who has not been identified , said they did in fact hear from their daughter on Nov. 18 after reporting them missing . But Martinez was never removed from the missing persons list . Per procedure , police asked for Martinez to contact the investigator directly , the magazine reports . That did n't happen .
Martinez posted on Instagram on Sept. 17 — presumably around the time filming began for the 22nd season of the show — that they were giving up their `` phone and social media for the next several weeks , so if you need to contact me , welll ... tough luck ! ''
But far from flying under the radar , they resumed activity on social media in November , four days after their mother reported them missing and has continued posting regularly .
Yet on Thursday , Humboldt County 's North Coast Journal published a cover story including Martinez as one of `` The Humboldt 35 . '' The article explored why the county has California 's highest rate of reported missing persons .
After the newspaper posted the article to Facebook , readers pointed out that not only was Martinez not missing , but also they were a burgeoning reality television star , known as Bekah M. , currently among the top 10 contestants whittled down from the original 29 .
After the Journal contacted the sheriff 's office with the news , a deputy managed to get in touch with Martinez . The deputy said in an email , according to the newspaper , `` I just got off the phone with Rebekah . They are in fact the same person . They have been removed from ( the Missing and Unidentified Persons Unit ) . ''
The Humboldt 35 is now down to 33 after at least one other person was surprised to read they were officially missing . They called the newspaper to say they were alive and well and still living in the county with a roommate .
In California , a missing person is simply `` someone whose whereabouts is unknown to the reporting party , '' as the state 's Office of the Attorney General explains . `` There is NO waiting period for reporting a person missing . All California police and sheriffs ' departments must accept any report , including a report by telephone , of a missing person . ''
While Martinez has not explained the confusion directly , they did address it lightheartedly on Friday , tweeting , `` honestly the scariest thing about this story is that my efforts to conceal The Worst Drivers License Photo Of All Time have been thwarted . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Set your child 's imagination free as they visit Ninjago and a galaxy far , far away .
A new LEGO club has been launched at Gloucester Guildhall with the first two sessions happening this February .
In the sessions , children will be able to build their own models and make friends with other LEGO fans .
The first session is taking place on Thursday , February 15 and is based on LEGO Star Wars , giving your little Luke Skywalker or Princess Leia the chance build droids and spaceships .
Whilst tickets are already sold out for this session , you can email aly.brick2learn.com or call on 01452 503050 to register your interest for future classes or be added to the waiting list .
There are currently tickets available for the Ninjago session on Friday , February 16 from 11.45am to 12.45pm .
( Image : LEGO )
Recreate epic scenes , or create your own original adventure , with Lloyd , Zane , Cole , Jay and Kai .
The LEGO Ninjago set accompanies the 2017 film of the same name , which follows a team of colour-coded ninjas fighting against the evil Lord Garmado in the city of Ninjago .
Lego Ninjago is the third in the Lego movie franchise after The Lego Movie ( 2014 ) and The Lego Batman Movie ( 2017 ) .
The LEGO club is recommended for children aged six to 12 years and session leader Aly Thomsen is fully insured and CRB/DBS-checked so you can leave your child with confidence .
Tickets cost £10 and sessions take place in the Bluecoat Room .
DURBAN - South Africans contribute R1,93 to the RAF for every R16 that the spend on petrol reports Business Insider .
12 % of the petrol price goes towards the RAF that is double the amount in comparison to the 6 % in 2008 .
The fund 's levy on a litre of petrol has increased from 45c in 2008 to R1,93 in 2018 . That is a 330 % increase in a ten year period .
In recent times the RAF has had a hard time in paying road accident victims and last year they reported a loss of R34,7 billion .
In comparison , the find received R33,3 billion mostly from the tax on fuel .
Minister of Energy Jeff Radebe disbanded the RAF board last week because of serious divisions and dysfunction . Just recently the Sunday Times reported that the fund spends R500 000 a month to rent 300 chairs .
Around 30 % of the money that South Africans pay for petrol goes to taxes while factors like the global price of Brent crude oil , the strength of the rand against the dollar and transportation costs impact the other 70 % .
When the Energy Minister announced the increase in fuel prices they said that the drop in the value of the rand to the dollar had a big influence in the petrol price increase .
According to Radebe , the increase would have 30 % more if the oil prices were not declining .
Below is a table that shows the increase in inland and coastal petrol prices as well as the increase in fuel levy , RAF contributions and inflation :
Year Coastal Inland Fuel
levy RAF
levy Inflation 2008 R6,92 R7,16 R1,27 R0,45 R6,92 2009 R7,67 R7,90 R1,50 R0.64 RR7,72 2010 R8,03 R8,27 R1,67 R0,72 R8,21 2011 R9,62 R9,92 R1,77 R0,72 R8,56 2012 R10,47 R10,82 R1,97 R0,88 R8,99 2013 R12,86 R13,23 R2,12 R0,96 R9,49 2014 R13,92 R14,33 R2,24 1,04 R10,03 2015 R13,34 R13,77 R2,55 R1,54 R10,64 2016 R12,86 R13,34 R2,85 R1,54 R11,13 2017 R12,37 R12,86 R3,15 R1,63 R11,85 2018 R15,53 R16,02 R3,37 R1,93 R12,47
Petrol price increase
This week the price of petrol will be increased to a record price of R16 a litre .
According to the Department of Energy , from Wednesday 93 octane will go up by 23 cents a litre and the price of 95 octane will be increased by 26 cents .
Besides petrol , the prices of diesel and illuminating paraffin will also increase too . Diesel will go up by to 24 and 26 cents a litre while illuminating paraffin will be increased by between 22 to 30 cents .
Supplied via Outa
Follow us on Instagram here
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
MUSKOKA — It 's turkey time , and there are plenty of events happening in and around Muskoka this Thanksgiving weekend . The forecast is currently showing some rain on Saturday , but balmy temperatures all weekend . It will be a great weekend to check out the fall colours in Muskoka . Though delayed by warm weather , the leaves are now nearing their peak brilliance . Check our live traffic and road conditions for an up-to-date map and tweets from OPP and the MTO on any traffic issues you may encounter on your travels across Ontario this weekend .
Around Muskoka , you 'll find most stores are closed on Thanksgiving Monday , Oct. 9 , with some notable exceptions if you 're in the need for some last-minute groceries or other items .
Thanksgiving Monday ( Monday , Oct. 9 )
In Bracebridge :
A few stray showers . In other words , do n't expect much across the area that will be too organized . Now it 's time to break down our first alert seven day forecast . Very warm readings holding right here around 85 to 86 through Friday with a few stray showers . The showers are only present with the disturbance passing along the front farther north .
Then the front washes away bringing more stable conditions once again for Thursday and Friday but when the cold front slides through the region Saturday to Sunday , we ramp up our chances tomorrow only a few storms , which could include isolated to more scattered showers and a few storms on Sunday . The passage of the front Saturday night , with cooler upper 70s knocking us down to more average temperatures for this time of year . So take what you can… we certainly need the rain .
Exclusive First Alert forecast and webcast
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 12-5-0 6-6-1 5-2-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 8-1-2 8-9-1 4-3-1 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 10-4-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 12-5-2 4-6-0 5-4-2 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 3-9-1 4-8-5 2-4-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 11-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 9-6-1 7-4-1 4-1-2 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 10-4-0 6-9-1 4-8-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 8-3-2 6-8-1 4-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 8-5-1 5-8-1 4-5-1 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Saturday 's Games
St. Louis 6 , Detroit 1
Edmonton 6 , Montreal 2
Colorado 7 , Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4 , Winnipeg 3 , OT
Columbus 1 , Arizona 0
Boston 3 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4 , Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5 , New Jersey 2
Vegas 5 , Dallas 3
San Jose 5 , Ottawa 0
Calgary 4 , Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3 , Carolina 2 , OT
Sunday 's Games
Chicago 3 , Arizona 1
St. Louis 3 , Buffalo 2 , OT
Toronto 1 , Edmonton 0
Minnesota at San Jose , 9 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Washington at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
Florida at Detroit , 7:30 p.m .
Vancouver at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Carolina at Anaheim , 10 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Edmonton at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Ottawa at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Toronto at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Washington , 7 p.m .
Los Angeles at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Calgary at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Tampa Bay at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Florida at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Carolina at Vegas , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Nashville at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 12-5-0 6-6-1 5-2-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 8-1-2 8-9-1 4-3-1 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 10-4-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 12-5-2 4-6-0 5-4-2 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 29 7 17 5 19 62 99 3-9-1 4-8-4 2-4-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 St. Louis 30 20 8 2 42 101 76 10-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 9-6-1 7-4-1 4-1-2 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 10-4-0 6-9-1 4-8-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 8-3-2 6-8-1 4-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 8-5-1 5-8-1 4-5-1 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Saturday 's Games
St. Louis 6 , Detroit 1
Edmonton 6 , Montreal 2
Colorado 7 , Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4 , Winnipeg 3 , OT
Columbus 1 , Arizona 0
Boston 3 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4 , Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5 , New Jersey 2
Vegas 5 , Dallas 3
San Jose 5 , Ottawa 0
Calgary 4 , Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3 , Carolina 2 , OT
Sunday 's Games
Chicago 3 , Arizona 1
Toronto 1 , Edmonton 0
Buffalo at St. Louis , 7 p.m .
Minnesota at San Jose , 9 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Washington at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
Florida at Detroit , 7:30 p.m .
Vancouver at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Carolina at Anaheim , 10 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Edmonton at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Ottawa at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Toronto at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Washington , 7 p.m .
Los Angeles at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Calgary at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Tampa Bay at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Florida at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Carolina at Vegas , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Nashville at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Nothing says jazz like the sweet sound of the saxophone , and nothing says good jazz like a saxophone in the hands of a man who has dedicated their life to the instrument , backed by an expert trio .
Virtuoso saxophonist Gilad Atzmon and Koullouras Trio are coming together for three concerts in Limassol , Paphos and Nicosia in an attempt to satisfy jazz lovers islandwide .
Israeli-born British jazz musician , music producer , novelist and activist Atzmon – nicknamed the Whistle Blower – is not only an accomplished saxophonist , they are also well-known for their talented playing of the clarinet and ethnic woodwind instruments . They have been described by John Lewis in the Guardian as the “ hardest-gigging man in British jazz ” . This is because they extensively tour around the world playing in festivals , concert halls and clubs , sharing with fans some of the tracks from their album Exile , which was the BBC jazz album of the year in 2003 .
As a bandleader and reed player , their powerful personal style merges the music of the Middle East and Eastern Europe together with Jazz and contemporary improvised music . Increasingly their music is moving towards a cultural hybrid as they explore the meaning of urban folk , the cultural melting pot of the contemporary city .
Cypriot double-bass player Irineos Koullouras ( who is part of the Koullouras Trio ) studied next to famous jazz musicians Ron Carter , Charlie Banacos and Ed Barker . They have also performed in New York and many European countries with great musicians such as Gary Burton , Theothosi Spassov and Ofer Ganor . In 2001 they moved to Athens , where they collaborated with Charis Alexiou , Christos Leontis , Nikos Xydakis , Nena Venetsanou , Socrates Malamas , Arturo Sandoval , Larry Harlow and others and was taught double-bass at the Nakas Music School . Currently they perform regularly with their Trio ( along with Giorgos Krasides on the saxophone and Giorgos Koulas on the drums ) and other bands .
Andreas Panteli , who will be accompanying the jazz musicians on piano , began with classical training at the Ethniko Odeio in Cyprus . They then began their jazz piano studies at the Rotterdam Conservatory and the Royal Conservatory of Den Haag . In 2008 , they won first place in the Nicola 's Economou Contest . In the last few years they have performed their work in Cyprus and Europe , with various groups and music centred on improvisation . In 2014 they began working together with Louvana Records and creating the Improvisation workshop at the Music Village Feggaros . The pianist is currently involved in three projects : The Afro-Banda Banana project for which they compose music in the style of the afrobeat music tradition , the Ermis Michail Quintet and the Hatzidakis Revisited project .
Completing the jazz vibe is Stelios Xydias on the drums . After graduating from the Rotterdam Conservatory , Xydias returned to Cyprus where they actively perform in the local music scene and is a music educator . They have performed in many international and local music festivals , next to great musicians such as Gilad Atzmon , Alexia Vassiliou and others . They have also performed in various records ( including Simplicity with the Andreas Rodosthenous Ethnic Jazz Ensemble , Seven Miles East and Colours of Another Sky by the Takoushis-Karapatakis Project ) and in October 2014 they published their personal EP Silence , which is a solo drums project .
Gilad Atzmon and Koulluras Trio
Live performance by the musicians . February 7 . Sto Dromo , 34 Genethliou Mitella Street , Limassol . 9.30pm . Free . Tel : 99-477333
February 8 . Ananas 8Bit Coffee , Paphos . 8pm . €10 . Tel : 26-600126
February 9 . Sarah 's Jazz Club , 35 Xanthis Xenierou Street , Nicosia . 9.30pm . Tel : 95-147711
The lead-up to the Southern Baptist Convention 's ( SBC ) 2018 presidential election has generated much discussion and a fair amount of controversy . As more people have published news and opinions online , in addition to social media commentary , the number of concerns about misinformation and misrepresentation has increased . So , the Biblical Recorder asked each of the announced candidates , Ken Hemphill and J.D . Greear , to itemize and respond to any on-record statements or claims they believe to be false or misleading .
Hemphill , former president of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary and administrator for North Greenville University , said they are not aware of any factual errors in publication . However , they noted that some Southern Baptists have told them personally that by running for SBC president , they were “ dividing our convention. ” Hemphill responded , “ I love this family and have always sought to build bridges of cooperation . I believe in our congregational polity and the presence of two or more candidates gives people the opportunity to listen to the various platforms , pray for discernment and vote their convictions . ”
Greear , pastor of The Summit Church in Raleigh-Durham , N.C. , outlined three claims others have made about them that they believe are untrue . What follows has been edited for clarity and length .
CLAIM # 1 : Referring to a tweet by Greear on May 5 , a blog post at CapstoneReport.com recently said , “ Greear has argued that the Bible teaches the tearing down of all hierarchy , ” and called the tweet “ sloppy theology . ”
Greear : This is the tweet Capstone Report is referring to : “ Thank you , Beth [ Moore ] ! Hoping that we are entering a new era where we in the complementarian world take all the Word of God seriously – not just the parts about distinction of roles but also re : the tearing down of all hierarchy & their gracious distribution of gifts to all their children ! ”
That statement was part of a larger social media conversation about women in ministry . Following the accusation , which majored on my use of the word “ hierarchy , ” I released a follow-up statement expanding the ideas of the original tweet that included this point :
“ The bottom line is that a commitment to biblical complementarianism does not preclude a commitment to development , empowerment and advancement of women in ministry or the unleashing of their gifting in the church . We can do this while respecting the order laid out in 1 Timothy 2-3 and Ephesians 5:22-33 . ”
CLAIM # 2 : A blog post at SBCToday.com called an evangelistic strategy to Muslims that Greear affirms “ alarmingly unorthodox ” and said it could lead to universalist or pluralist beliefs that all people will be saved .
Greear : When I was a missionary in a predominantly Muslim country , my goal there was to present the gospel as effectively as possible without watering down its truth or removing its scandal at all . As every missionary will attest , this is one of the most challenging theological tasks a Christian will ever undertake . Muslims claim to worship the God of Noah , Abraham and Moses . My job was , and is , to show them their view of this God is altogether different from the God of the Bible , and that salvation is found only in the name of our Lord Jesus ( Acts 4:12 ) . There is , after all , only one God , the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , known only through faith in him .
Thus , if by the question , “ Do Muslims and Christians worship the same God ? ” one means , “ Are there multiple ways to God ? ” or “ Do Muslims and Christians believe the same basic things about God ? ” then the answer is a definitive no . Islam and Christianity take their followers down two fundamentally different paths , toward two radically different understandings of who God is and what they want , and ultimately to two different destinations .
CLAIM # 3 : David Hankins , executive director of the Louisiana Baptist Convention , said on their personal blog that Greear believes state conventions should be either “ dismantled ” or receive no more than 25 percent of Cooperative Program receipts .
Greear : When I read David Hankins ' claim , I immediately called them to ask them where they heard or read this , because I 've never made such a statement . Hankins could n't remember where this came from . Other people have said things similar to this .
For instance , former SBC president Bryant Wright reached out to let me know that they were the one pushing for 25 percent . But I 've never made any recommendations along those lines .
As for the state conventions ' usefulness , I 've often written about how much good they do . Recently , for instance , I wrote an article praising them for their invaluable work in providing disaster relief and running children 's homes . I want to see greater involvement in the state conventions from our younger generation , not less .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) — Dramatic footage from a Milwaukee police body camera shown Wednesday during the trial of an officer charged in a black man 's death prompted the man 's relatives to leave the courtroom in tears after seeing the brief foot chase that quickly turned fatal .
It was the first time video of the shooting last summer was shown to the public , demonstrating just how fast the events unfolded after a routine traffic stop that left 23-year-old Sylville Smith dead and Dominique Heaggan-Brown charged with first-degree reckless homicide .
The shooting Aug. 23 touched off two nights of riots in the predominantly black neighborhood where it happened . But the case is different than other police shootings that have given rise to a national debate over how officers interact with African Americans . Heaggan-Brown is also black and they grew up in the same neighborhood where the shooting occurred .
The video jurors saw Wednesday came from the vantage point of another officer on the scene . It shows them getting out of the car and almost immediately begin running after Smith , who was holding a gun . The camera shows Heaggan-Brown running behind Smith and turning into a path in between two houses .
Within seconds , Heggan-Brown , 25 , is seen shooting Smith twice in quick succession , once in the arm and a second time in the chest while he 's on the ground , their body jerking as each bullet struck .
Smith 's relatives began weeping and several left the courtroom . The reaction prompted the judge to break and remove the jury from the room while they and attorneys discussed whether the emotional display from Smith 's relatives would influence jurors .
The judge denied defense attorneys ' request for a mistrial .
Heaggan-Brown , who was fired in October after being charged with sexual assault in an unrelated case , faces up to 60 years in prison if convicted for killing Smith .
The case hinges on different interpretations of what the officers ' body cameras show and jurors have yet to see the footage captured from Heaggan-Brown 's vantage point .
Milwaukee District Attorney John Chisholm argues the second shot that killed Smith was unnecessary because they had thrown their gun over a fence . But one of Heaggan-Brown 's defense attorneys , Jonathan Smith , said the officer feared for their safety and was making a split-second decision .
The trial is expected to conclude by the middle of next week .
Wednesday 's video also showed Milwaukee police officers frantically trying to resuscitate Smith . The officer whose camera footage was shown in court could be heard saying , “ Keep breathing , keep breathing , you 're doing a good job . ”
The officer , Endiva Malafa , recalled what it was like for them when they saw the video later .
“ When I first observed this , I did break down emotionally , ” said Malafa , who now works for another police department in Wisconsin .
Heaggan-Brown is also shown in the video attempting to provide medical help to Smith , kneeling down beside them and pumping Smith 's chest with their hands . One of the points in the video that provoked a strong response from Smith 's family showed Heaggan-Brown dragging Smith a short distance from where they were shot to get them away from a bees nest .
After opening statements Tuesday , prosecutors began their case Wednesday by showing photographs of Smith lying on the grass with a bloodied purple shirt . By their feet was a lottery ticket that crime scene investigators found in one of their pockets .
Stroke Assistive Devices : Market Insights
An assistive device , commonly , is medical equipment that assists a disabled person or patients having inability to perform their daily tasks due to acute stroke or traumatic disorders . When a person encounters acute stroke , it becomes difficult for that patient to recover immediately from after effects of acute stroke that represents reduced mobility in limbs and extreme difficulties in performing their daily tasks such as dressing , bathing , grooming , cooking , feeding , etc . Thus , after having a stroke or trauma , most of the patients require assistive devices in order to maximize their independent functioning . In general , assistive devices find major applications for the disease indications including stroke , orthopedics , cognitive and motor skills , sports and others . One of the most commonly used assistive device prescribed for stroke survivors is Mobility Assistive Devices ( MAD ) .
These mobility assistive devices for stroke patients offer improved mobility and allows them to independently perform the mobility-related tasks . A person who encountered stroke often has to undergo a long rehabilitation . Financed by the EU Research and Innovation programme Horizon H2020 , robot-based technologies have been under substantial use to speed up the rehabilitation of stroke patients under its project called “ the RETRAINER ” . The technology used under this project allows the stroke patients to utilize their own arms and hands , as much and as soon , after the trauma or post-stroke in order to achieve best results in the rehabilitation . In the European Union , per year healthcare expenditure on stroke is estimated at US $ 31.8 billion along with the loss of income for stroke patients facing difficulty in daily activities . Two type of assistive systems are used by the patients that includes both portable assistive devices and stand-alone assistive systems . These devices are meant to completely substitute the functionality of human body when a patient requires support . Assistive devices usually broaden a patient 's support base and improve stability and balance in their body , and restructure from the lower limbs to relieve joint pain and compensate for trauma injury or other physical weakness . A suitable assistive device is important to select carefully keeping in consideration the patient 's endurance , cognitive function , strength , and environmental needs .
Request For Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6921
After encountering stroke , a person usually goes to the physiotherapist for treatment or post-stroke recovery . The treatment may go wrong if the physiotherapist is not trained well , however , a patient receives quality treatment if these orthopedic treatment procedures are performed using robotic assistive devices . Stroke assistive devices are highly utilized in rehabilitation process to treat a physically disabled person in order to improve their daily performance . Thus , with the emergence of high incidence for stroke and trauma cases , stroke assistive devices experience greater demand from the end customers . Thus generating large revenues in the stroke assistive devices market .
Stroke assistive devices market on the basis of device type is classified into two main types – robotic exoskeletons , stroke-rehabilitation gloves , and others . Stroke rehabilitation is a treatment process solely targeted towards restoration of intellectual , physical , mental and social capabilities of a patient affected by stroke . The growing incidence of stroke in U.S. population tends to be the leading reason to propel the growth of stroke assistive devices market across the globe . The growing adoption of stroke assistive devices by the physicians to treat post stroke effects is further anticipated to drive the demand for stroke assistive devices and thereby increasing revenue generation in stroke assistive devices market .
Stroke Assistive Devices : Market Dynamics
Growing innovation and funding in neuromuscular & stroke rehabilitation , availability of high-tech and effective stroke assistive devices such as wearable wirelessly controlled rehabilitation device in the market , and growing population of stroke patients owing to increasing incidence of neuromuscular disorders and stroke across the globe is expected to be the key factor driving growth of stroke assistive devices market . Rapid increase in physical disabilities caused due to increasing prevalence of disorders including spinal cord injury , rheumatoid arthritis , cerebral palsy and additional ageing disabilities is further expected to surge the demand for robotic rehabilitation and stroke-assistive technologies . Thus , the demand for stroke assistive devices has registered an upsurge , thereby generating more revenues in stroke assistive devices market . Also , growing mergers and acquisitions among the leading players in order to increase their geographical footprint is another factor propelling the growth of stroke assistive devices market . However , lack of awareness among the people about new robotic technologies to assist stroke affected patient , particularly in the emerging economies , coupled with high cost of assistive technologies and robotic rehabilitation are some of the factors restraining the stroke assistive devices market growth .
Stroke Assistive Devices Market : Overview
Based on device type , robotic devices including robotic exoskeletons and stroke-rehabilitation gloves register the highest demand in the stroke assistive devices market owing to the better mobility results registered with usage of this device as compared to others . Stroke assistive devices found major usage in management of acute stroke and chronic neuromuscular disorders such as Multiple Sclerosis , Guillain Barre Syndrome , Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy ( CIDP ) , Cerebral Palsy , and Muscular Dystrophy . Rising number of disabled people due to the above mentioned disorders is one of the major factor driving the demand for stroke assistive devices for early management of patients effected with stroke , thereby fueling the stroke assistive devices market across the globe . However , the growing footprint of stroke assistive devices manufacturers for chronic disorders management applications coupled with rising demand for these devices is further expected to drive the revenue generation in global stroke assistive devices market .
Request For TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6921
Stroke Assistive Devices Market : Region-wise Outlook
On the basis of geography , global stroke assistive devices market is segmented into seven key regions viz . North America , Latin America , Western Europe , Eastern Europe , Asia Pacific excluding Japan , Japan , and Middle East & Africa . Europe is projected to hold the largest shares in the global stroke assistive devices market primarily due to increasing prevalence of disabilities in the region owing to growing incidence of stroke and neuromuscular disorders , enhanced healthcare infrastructure and increased R & D expenditure for manufacturing stroke-assistive devices . In Russia , about 13 million people are registered to live with certain post-stroke disabilities , constituting around 9 % of the total Russian population . North America followed by Western Europe is expected to be the second dominating region in global stroke assistive devices market worldwide .
Stroke Assistive Devices Market : Key Players
Some of the key players present in global stroke assistive devices market are AnthroTronix , Inc. , ReWalk Robotics , Mazor Robotics Ltd. , Intuitive Surgical Inc. , Interactive Motion Technologies , Bioxtreme Robotics Rehabilitation , Accuray , Inc. , Health Robotics S.R.L. , Ekso Bionics Holdings , Inc. , and others .
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) - Police chief : We have `` seen similarities '' in the latest Austin bomb and three that detonated previously .
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) — An 18-year-old is pleading guilty to rape and murder in the 2015 death of a 12-year-old Utah girl he 's accused of luring from their home with a story about a lost cat .
Jayden Matthew Sterzer pleaded guilty to rape in juvenile court Monday . They were 15 when police say they strangled Kailey Vijil ( VIJ'-el ) and left them in a horse pasture .
Sterzer also was expected to plead guilty to murder in adult court as part of a blended plea deal that will allow them to stay in a juvenile detention center until they turn 21 .
The Associated Press had n't previously named Sterzer because they were a minor and their case was being handled entirely in juvenile court .
Advertisement
They were found fit for trial after getting treatment for unspecified mental disorders and intellectual disabilities .
It will remain warm today , but cool off tomorrow , with some rain possible late tonight .
TOPEKA FORECAST
Today : Mostly clear this morning , but clouding up later today , with a high at 76 . North winds 5-10 mph .
Tonight : Cloudy , with a few showers possible overnight and a low at 48 .
Wednesday : Morning showers , with a high at 58 .
Thursday : A slight chance of rain in the afternoon and not as cool , with a high at 68 .
REGIONAL FORECAST
Today : A 40 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms , mainly after 3pm . Increasing clouds , with a high at 70 . Light and variable wind becoming north northwest 8 to 13 mph in the afternoon .
Tonight : A chance of showers and thunderstorms , then showers likely after 10pm . Cloudy , with a low at 43 .
Wednesday : A 50 percent chance of showers . Cloudy , with a high at 56 .
Thursday : A 20 percent chance of showers after 1pm . Mostly sunny , with a high at 67 .
Round 7 of the 2018 FIA Formula 2 Championship takes us to the Silverstone Circuit in Great Britain , with the weekend marking the first weekend of the second half of the season . The first half concluded last weekend at the Red Bull Ring in Austria , but do not expect any let-up in the racing , with more excitement expected in the Northamptonshire sunshine .
WHAT HAPPENED LAST TIME OUT IN GREAT BRITAIN ?
Charles Leclerc secured their fifth victory of the season , and their third consecutive Feature race triumph on Saturday , despite smoke coming from the back of their Prema Racing machine around mid-distance . The Monegasque racer survived that to clinch the win ahead of Norman Nato , while Oliver Rowland completed the podium .
Nicholas Latifi finally took their first Formula 2 victory in the Sprint race on Sunday ahead of Luca Ghiotto , with Artem Markelov completing the podium . Rowland was on course for the position only to be penalised for pushing Markelov onto the grass earlier in the race , and they lost out on a point finish all together after being deemed to have illegally backed the pack up on the restart following a safety car period .
You can check out last year 's race reports here : Feature Race | Sprint Race | Rowland Penalty
WHAT SHOULD I LOOK OUT FOR THIS YEAR ?
Brits continue to lead the way in the Championship standings , but for the first time in 2018 , George Russell will head into a race weekend on top , having overtaken long-time leader and countryman Lando Norris at the Red Bull Ring last weekend .
Russell took their fourth win of the season in the Feature race and followed that up with a second place in the Sprint to put their ART Grand Prix machine at the top of the standings , ten points clear of Norris , who could only take a second place in the Feature before tumbling out of the points-paying positions on Sunday .
ART Grand Prix and Carlin Motorsport have both shown themselves to be strong each weekend in 2018 , with Russell and Jack Aitken both victorious for the former , while Norris and Sergio Sette Câmara have more often than not been contenders for wins and podiums , and it would be a surprise if that is not the case once more at Silverstone .
Artem Markelov sits third in the championship after their third win of the season last weekend in Austria , but the Russian Time racer will be looking to turn around their disappointing performances in Qualifying in 2018 that often leave them with a mountain to climb in the races . Their tyre management is probably the best in the championship , while their final lap in the Austrian Feature race was superb , passing four drivers to claim eighth place and pole position for the Sprint race , which they went on to win .
Alexander Albon is also showing themselves as a regular threat in 2018 for DAMS , while the team showing good speed whilst still finding their feet in the championship is the Charouz Racing System outfit , with both Antonio Fuoco and Louis Delétraz both contending for podiums in recent races .
A year ago , Charles Leclerc was victorious in the Feature race , and Nyck de Vries will be eyeing another victory for Prema Theodore Racing at the circuit , although team-mate Sean Gelael will have a much tougher weekend , heading into it with a three-place penalty for the Feature race for causing a collision with Delétraz in Austria .
Other drivers who could contend for points and potentially podiums include the likes of Maximilian Gunther , who will be hoping to sort out their tyre management issues to return to the top ten for BWT Arden , while Campos Racing 's Luca Ghiotto and MP Motorsport 's Roberto Merhi have often shown flashes of pace .
Last year 's Sprint race winner Nicholas Latifi will be eyeing for some luck this weekend in the second DAMS , while Ralph Boschung will be eager for a top ten finish after a dreadful run of luck at late , which has seen them retire six times in the past eight races .
Trident duo Arjun Maini and Santino Ferrucci will be looking for points as well , as will the Japanese duo of Nirei Fukuzumi ( BWT Arden ) and Tadasuke Makino ( Russian Time ) and Israeli racer Roy Nissany ( Campos Racing ) , the latter is still seeking their first point of the season , the only driver on the grid yet to break into the top ten on Saturday or top eight on Sunday in the opening six rounds of the year .
WHAT IS THE SCHEDULE FOR THE WEEKEND ?
FRIDAY 6TH JULY
Practice : 11:55 BST
Qualifying : 16:10 BST
SATURDAY 7TH JULY
Feature Race : 15:45
SUNDAY 8TH JULY
Sprint Race : 09:20
WHERE CAN I WATCH FIA FORMULA 2 IN GREAT BRITAIN ?
You can watch all session lives from the FIA Formula 2 championship on Sky Sports F1 throughout the weekend in the UK and Ireland . Re-runs of the races will be shown over the week . Live timing is also available on the official FIA Formula 2 website .
HOW CAN I KEEP UP TO DATE WITH ALL OF THE ACTION OVER THE WEEKEND ?
The Checkered Flag will provide the latest news and updates from 2018 FIA Formula 2 Championship this weekend and throughout the season .
Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong , left , and Australia 's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull hold a joint press conference at the end of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) special summit , in Sydney , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . Leaders issued a joint statement with Australia that also calls for non-militarization and a code of conduct in the contested waters of the South China Sea , where China has become increasingly assertive . ( AP Photo/Rick Rycroft )
Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong , left , and Australia 's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull hold a joint press conference at the end of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) special summit , in Sydney , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . Leaders issued a joint statement with Australia that also calls for non-militarization and a code of conduct in the contested waters of the South China Sea , where China has become increasingly assertive . ( AP Photo/Rick Rycroft )
SYDNEY ( AP ) - Southeast Asian leaders and Australia 's prime minister on Sunday called on North Korea to end its nuclear program and urged U.N. countries to fully implement sanctions against the country .
Leaders at the first summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations to be held in Australia issued a joint statement with the host country that also called for non-militarization and a code of conduct in the contested waters of the South China Sea , where China has become increasingly assertive .
ASEAN leaders also said they were working to provide humanitarian assistance for the continuing crisis involving Muslim Rohingya refugees fleeing Myanmar . Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said Myanmar 's leader , Aung San Suu Kyi , addressed the matter `` comprehensively '' in meetings Sunday .
On North Korea , the ASEAN-Australia joint statement urged North Korea to `` immediately and fully comply with its obligations under all relevant United Nations Security Council Resolutions , '' and called on all countries to implement sanctions .
Turnbull went further at a closing news conference , saying ASEAN and Australia had affirmed their commitment to respond strongly over the `` grave concerns we share about North Korea 's reckless and illegal nuclear missile programs . ''
President Donald Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in , who are both planning to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong-un this spring , pledged last week to maintain `` maximum pressure '' on Kim 's authoritarian regime and seek action to force them to give up their nuclear weapons .
Singapore 's prime minister , Lee Hsien Loong , the current chair of ASEAN , said the bloc had been encouraged by negotiations for the summits and had `` noted reports of North Korea 's commitment to denuclearization and its pledge to refrain from further nuclear missile tests during this period . ''
On territorial conflicts with China , which like Australia is not a member of ASEAN , the statement said , `` We emphasize the importance of non-militarization and the need to enhance mutual trust and confidence , exercise self-restraint in the conduct of activities and avoid actions that may complicate the situation . ''
China and the five countries that have conflicting territorial claims over the South China Sea - which include four ASEAN members - plan to negotiate a code of conduct for the busy waterway aimed at reducing the risks of armed confrontations in the contested areas .
Lee said this was an issue for all ASEAN countries as it was `` a security and stability question '' that would `` affect all ASEAN countries if it goes wrong . ''
They also said ASEAN policy meant it was `` not able to intervene and to force an outcome '' over the Rohingya crisis , in which more than 700,000 refugees have fled to neighboring Bangladesh amid a Myanmar military campaign that the U.N. has called `` ethnic cleansing . ''
But Lee said the matter was a cause of concern for all of ASEAN , whose members would be anxious `` if there is any instability or any trouble '' in fellow member countries .
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said Saturday that the crisis was no longer solely a domestic issue for Myanmar , with fleeing Rohingya potential targets for terrorist radicalization .
Turnbull said the Rohingya issue was discussed by the leaders `` very constructively '' Sunday . `` Aung San Suu Kyi addressed the matter comprehensively at some considerable length herself , '' they said .
The ASEAN nations are Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand and Vietnam .
As controversial as Mark Felt 's contribution was in standing up for the righteous truth against the whole American democracy , this biographical film opened with mixed annotations from critics and cross-eyed hints from the rigid orthodoxies . Directed by Peter Landesman and starring Liam Neeson as Mark Felt , the movie tells the story of the infamous incidents that were exposed by Felt during the Nixon-era , officially ending their presidency . This procedural thriller has some essential lessons to preach to its audience during this presidential deficiency of ‘ you-know-who ' . Postmodern eras of architectural humanism and counter-culture beliefs need movies like these that are capable of stirring minimum emotions of the mass .
Plot
A biographical picture , as the name suggests , the movie revolves around Mark Felt 's plight that exposed the biggest administrative unit in the word . Mr. Mark Felt published a memoir before their death in 2008 , which were turned into a time appropriate , intriguingly methodical thriller by writer director Peter Landersman . In a restricted script and exposure in terms of storytelling , the director successfully rose as a brilliant presenter of minimalistic perfections . Liam Neeson for example put in their experience through their eyes and their patchy wrinkles told of a thousand stories more than words could have ever spun . A borderline period movie in its own accord , the movie leans more on adjudging the moral virtues of the government through the eyes of Felt . Being the FBI head during the Watergate scandal , they had their reaches into the roots of the administration , which eventually led to the grand expose .
Cast
Liam Neeson , as always , had their strong presence on screen and portrayed the stress stricken Felt in the most appropriate way . Diane Lane is their heavy drinking wife who in the midst of their existential crisis puts forward a supportive arm to their husband . The supporting cast of Tony Goldwyn as Ed Millar , Josh Lucas as Charlie Bates and Maika Monroe as Joan Felt , all earned accolades for their respective space on screen . The subject , cast , storytelling , and importance of the movie took a subtle backseat in the dramatic hotchpotch of things . Deep Throat , the name given to Mark Felt when the real action was taking place , signifies a dark thriller without completing its destiny in the film . It is slow beyond what was needed ; the intermingling personal dilemma could have been avoided in many places . Nevertheless , all the actors were brilliant and the transition between charactorial behaviors was also captured very well .
The informative part and the dramatic grandeur all were brought together beautifully in this insightful venture . The difference of color tones in the White House and outside of it has its own substantial significance . But due to the insufficient clarity on nationalistic opinions or the importance of institutional impact on the public , this movie lacked a stringent element to keep the audience engaged . Any political drama needs the support of an engaging subplot irrespective of how serious it is and Mark Felt in spite of being an undoubtedly talented feature moderately fails to invoke loyal stamina in the audience .
Priyanka Chopra is enjoying their time off from work to the fullest . The actor is presently vacationing in Prague with their friends and family and is flooding their social media with amazing photos shot in picturesque locales !
Check out PeeCee 's photos here :
The photos with a beautiful Priyanka Chopra dressed in amazing outfits shot in picturesque locales make us wonder , which one is more beautiful , the subject of the photo or the background ? PeeCee is undoubtedly giving us some serious vacay goals this summer with their Prague diaries !
Trending :
On the work front , Priyanka Chopra was last seen in their Hollywood debut flick Baywatch , which released in India on 2nd June . PeeCee played the antagonist , Victoria Leeds in the comedy film inspired by the 90 's TV series . The movie starred Dwayne ‘ The Rock ' Johnson , Zac Efron and others alongside them The film did not open to great reviews across the world and failed to impress critics in India too . However , Priyanka looked smokin ' hot in Victoria 's avatar and put up a great performance .
Team dinner # praguediaries🇨🇿 @ chanchal_dsouza # vinita @ yumi_mori # hanka A post shared by Priyanka Chopra ( @ priyankachopra ) on Jun 13 , 2017 at 3:09pm PDT
Nostalgic .. the beautiful Vltava river # praguediaries🇨🇿 # newmemoriescreated A post shared by Priyanka Chopra ( @ priyankachopra ) on Jun 13 , 2017 at 8:12am PDT
Being a tourist .. # CharlesBridge # praguediaries🇨🇿in @ camillaandmarc @ tanyataylor @ cristinaehrlich A post shared by Priyanka Chopra ( @ priyankachopra ) on Jun 13 , 2017 at 7:18am PDT
Omgeeee beautiful view . Will keep u posted on my # praguediaries🇨🇿 # nofilterneeded # makingnewmemories A post shared by Priyanka Chopra ( @ priyankachopra ) on Jun 13 , 2017 at 6:12am PDT
The actor , who was last seen in the Hindi movie Jai Gangaajal in 2016 , is presently busy going through scripts for their next Bollywood film . As per reports , they might be starring in a biopic of legendary poet Sahir Ludhianvi to be helmed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali .
As a producer , PeeCee is presently busy with a Sikkimese and a Goan film . They are also producing a Bengali-Marathi bilingual movie based on an unexplored chapter of Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore 's life . The film , which will deal with a platonic love story of the poet in their youth , will be helmed by National Award-winning director Ujjwal Chatterjee . It has been titled Nalini .
Ending cash bail in Philly , new school board nominees , more bike lanes for Center City | Morning Newsletter
Ending cash bail in Philly , new school board nominees , more bike lanes for Center City | Morning Newsletter Mar 19
Good morning , Philadelphia . Once again I have some bad news : another nor'easter is headed our way , though this time with less snow . I know , I know . Once the shock of that news wears off , we 've got ground to cover on Philly 's cash bail system , more school board nominees , Center City bike lanes and more . So let 's get to it .
If you like what you 're reading , tell your friends it 's free to sign up for this newsletter here .
— Aubrey Nagle ( @ aubsn , morningnewsletter @ philly.com )
District Attorney Larry Krasner campaigned on the promise to end cash bail in Philadelphia for certain low-level offenders .
Their bail-reform initiative so far only affects about 150 in jail , though Krasner says this is just phase one . The goal ? To ensure no one sits in jail simply because they ca n't afford freedom — about 20 percent of the city 's jail population .
But is the city ready to end cash bail for good ? Leaders say the infrastructure is not yet in place — but much of it could be within a year .
Since the early 1990 's , Pennsylvania has been offering state funding to groups to provide “ alternatives to abortion . ”
More than $ 100 million in taxpayer dollars have been channeled into one such group , Real Alternatives , and its network of adoption agencies , maternity homes , and crisis pregnancy centers , which abortion rights activists decry as coercive efforts to prevent abortion access .
But a 2015 audit questions whether Real Alternatives misused taxpayer money to fund its national expansion .
It turns out 27 people was n't a long enough list for Mayor Kenney to narrow down for the new nine-member school board . They asked for 18 more to diversify the pool and got them from the nominating panel on Friday .
The new names include more parents and educators , while the first list included government veterans , business people , and nonprofit founders , among others .
Next step : now Kenny has 20 days to narrow down these 45 candidates . They 'll take over for the School Reform Commission to run the school system on July 1 .
What you need to know today
Through Your Eyes | # OurPhilly
We want to see what our community looks like through your eyes . Show us the park that your family walks through every weekend with the dog , the block party in your neighborhood or the historic stretch you see every morning on your commute to work .
Tag your Instagram posts or tweets with # OurPhilly and we 'll pick our favorite each day to feature in this newsletter and give you a shout out !
That 's Interesting
Opinions
“ If Temple insists on ramming this stadium down the throats of the North Philadelphia community , it will set back university-neighborhood relations for years to come. ” — North Philadelphia resident Steve Williams on how Temple 's proposed stadium will negatively impact its neighbors .
Emergency medicine physician Gregory Siegel has seen a lot of trauma , but it 's the victims of gun violence — and lawmakers ' inaction to stop it — that most often keep them up at night .
As columnist Mike Newall points out , there 's something strange about the project renderings plastered outside the to-be-revamped Gallery at Market East : they 're full of only white people .
What we 're reading
Your Daily Dose of | Genius
Collegeville teen Ashraya Ananthanarayanan is n't just a published author , accomplished equestrian and shooter , pilot in training , fashion designer , and polylinguist . She 's also going to graduate from Harvard next year .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( AP ) - Alaska Airlines has updated its policy on emotional support animals .
Starting May 1 , customers flying with psychiatric service animals must provide animal health and behavioral documents and a signed document from a medical professional at least 48 hours prior to departure .
The airline will also stop allowing amphibians , goats and animals with hooves , tusks or horns .
Alaska Airlines spokesperson Tim Thompson said there will be an exception for trained miniature horses , though .
Thompson said the changes are in response to increasing problems with emotional support animals on planes . They said there have been incidents where animals have bitten customers and employees .
`` Most animals cause no problems , '' Ray Prentice said , Alaska Airlines director of customer advocacy . `` However , over the last few years , we have observed a steady increase in incidents from animals who have n't been adequately trained to behave in a busy airport setting or on a plane , which has prompted us to strengthen our policy . ''
Alaska Airlines in recent years has handled about 150 support animals every day .
The new policy does not affect certified service animals , which are typically dogs helping owners with physical disabilities . The new restrictions only apply to animals assisting emotional , psychiatric , cognitive or psychological disabilities .
Head of aerodynamics at Williams Martini Racing Dirk de Beer has stepped down from their role with immediate effect after a dreadful start to the 2018 season .
Williams have earned just four points in the first six rounds of the 2018 championship , courtesy of Lance Stroll ‘ s eighth place finish at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix in April .
De Beer , who joined from Scuderia Ferrari in early 2017 , played a prominent role in the design and development of the troublesome FW41 and is one of two major design team departures that Williams have seen this season . In the early stages of this month , chief designer Ed Wood left the team after 12 years citing “ personal reasons ” . Their role has since been assumed by former McLaren F1 Team man Doug McKiernan . Dave Wheater has since been promoted from their role of head of aerodynamic performance to take de Beer 's former title .
“ Williams can confirm that Dirk de Beer has stepped down from their role as head of aerodynamics , effective immediately , ” a team spokesperson told Autosport .
“ The team would like to thank Dirk for their hard work over the past year and wish them the best for the future .
“ Doug McKiernan , who joined Williams earlier this year will now assume full responsibility over the aerodynamic and design direction of the car , ” they added . “ Dave Wheater will step up to take on the role as head of aerodynamics . ”
Both full-time drivers Stroll and rookie Sergey Sirotkin have joined reserve driver Robert Kubica in criticising the FW41 's faults ; the Pole said that the car was “ not enjoyable ” to drive after taking part in first Free Practice at the Spanish Grand Prix weekend under three weeks ' ago .
“ To enjoy [ a session ] , you need to have a car which is suiting your driving style and is giving you margin to drive it , ” Kubica told Autosport .
“ Often unfortunately now we are in a position that we are going around the track and we are not driving the car . And this is not enjoyable . This is hard work .
“ I know it sounds strange , but it 's hard work to be four seconds off the pace , it is harder work that maybe fighting for one tenth or two tenths [ at the front of the field ] . ”
Team advisor Alex Wurz also pointed out a huge flaw that contributed to a dire Spanish weekend , saying that recurring floor issues have worsened from last year and therefore stalled the team 's progress .
“ We 're losing downforce at the diffuser , at the floor , ” said Wurz , who drove for the team in 2007 , speaking to Austrian broadcasters ORF .
“ We 're losing so much grip , and then the driver has no confidence at all in the car . That 's our problem . Identifying the problem is only 10 % . To correct and implement this is in fact the difficult task . ”
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A shade of purple inspired by the late superstar Prince and their custom-made Yamaha piano was announced Monday by the icon 's estate .
The royal hue created by the Pantone Color Institute was dubbed “ Love Symbol # 2 , ” paying tribute to the graphic Prince began using as their name in 1993 in a testy battle with Warner Bros. Records over ownership of the master recordings of some of their biggest hits . They switched back to Prince in 2000 after their Warner Bros. contract expired .
Prince also used the symbol on the cover of a 1992 album before they took it as a name and it was their signature early on after release of their hit “ Purple Rain . ”
Prince died in April 2016 at age 57 of an opioid overdose , according to authorities .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Brent started with Mark Latham and Alan Jones cookbook and one of the recipes , Roseanne Barr US TV show cancellation , Victorian Police RBT fake testing , Barnaby Joyce .. its over .
Listen to the podcast here .
http : //www.2hd.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Podcast-with-Brent-Bultitude-and-Mark-Latham-31052018.mp3
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
If you 're looking to buy cybersecurity services for your agency , just remember : cybersecurity is a SIN now . The General Services Administration 's Federal Acquisition Service just created the Highly Adaptive Cybersecurity Services Special Item Number ( HACSSIN ) to add more cyber services to GSA 's Schedule 70 .
Bill Zielinski , deputy assistant commissioner for FAS ' IT category management , told the Federal Drive with Tom Temin that HACSSIN puts in place assistance for penetration testing , risk and vulnerability assessments that matches the National Institute of Standards and Technology 's cyber framework while meeting the requirements of the Homeland Security Department .
In addition , they said that FEDSIM is moving DHS ' Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation to its own SIN as well , and partnering with Enterprise Integrated Services to start building in the kinds of protection DHS requires so that systems will start out compliant with EINSTEIN , a system of protections designed and implemented across the government , rather than having to be modified or upgraded .
But this could leave agencies with some confusion when it comes to product selection .
Advertisement
“ One thing we always recommend is – [ agencies ] have plenty of places to go to , but part of that CDM program which DHS leads and manages is DHS will work directly with the agencies in reviewing what they currently have within their IT enterprise , then helping them come to some conclusions about where they have gaps , where they may have vulnerabilities , and helping them connect to those goods , products and services , ” Zielinski said .
Zielinski said many agencies have been looking into automating the CDM processes , and GSA is working with both DHS and OMB to help achieve this .
“ What they are looking for is ‘ how do we get to the point where there 's not as much manual intervention in both the monitoring and the reacting to events that may occur from a cybersecurity perspective ? ' ” they said . “ So the product lines themselves are evolving and we continue to bring on products that give a much greater level of automation . ”
One of the new things that 's becoming automated is software license vulnerabilities . Using this service , agencies can make decisions in advance about what software will be allowed . The tools will monitor the system to detect when new software is being installed and act accordingly .
This kind of continuous monitoring is also applied to network traffic . The network traffic flows through trusted internet connections , and those endpoints are continuously monitored to understand what sorts of traffic is passing through . This information can also be used to track patterns and alert the agencies security operations center and DHS when changes happen .
And it 's the aggregation of this kind of information that allows DHS to track larger trends and patterns to see what 's going on governmentwide .
“ It 's all part of a larger , broader cybersecurity program that agencies implement , ” Zielinski said . “ EINSTEIN itself is not necessarily a specific product or a specific software , but it is the sets of products and the sets of tools that are placed to monitor the network traffic . ”
Essentially , they said , the products and services on the two new cybersecurity SINs could be used in concert to become what DHS would consider EINSTEIN .
“ In particular , when we talk about enterprise infrastructure solutions , that 's where the monitoring of the networks and those products in there for the trusted internet connection really are core to the EINSTEIN program , ” Zielinski said . “ What we 're trying to do is bake those all in , so that when an agency does procure those services , when they obtain those services for the network , they 're getting that all baked in from the beginning , so they are EINSTEIN-ready , if you will , at the point in time that they procure those services through EIS . ”
They said there has been discussion about whether it would be easier to simply bring the entire government together on a single network . But that wo n't happen anytime soon , so right now the focus is on making sure each agency has standardized protections .
And that will be easier once the HACSSIN is fully implemented . Zielinski said GSA put out a request for information on March 27 seeking input from industry , and the plan is to be fully up and running by late spring .
TOKYO , March 29 The Japanese government is aware that Toshiba Corp 's U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse plans to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said on Wednesday .
Suga , the government 's chief spokesperson , told a regular news conference they want the Japanese and U.S. governments to continue to exchange information about Westinghouse . ( Reporting by Hitoshi Ishida ; Writing by Chris Gallagher ; Editing by Edwina Gibbs )
Exploring attitudes towards people diagnosed with mentall illness
Holiday Break ( Dec 12 - Jan 9 )
Our Feature Album is taking a break until Monday January 9 .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
JOHANNESBURG - Get the latest market update and top stories from our newsrooms across South Africa , Africa and the world .
The latest Forex news is on hand to help you .
Get the Rand to Dollar rate , Rand to Euro rate and the Rand to Pound rate now .
We also have up to date commodity statistics . The World market news is at your fingertips and the most recent financial news is here too .
Watch the market update below :
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
The Business Report Market Update is published daily on the Business Report website . Stay in touch with the latest in financial and technology news on the Business Report website and social media channels .
Like Business Report on Facebook by clicking here or follow us on Twitter @ Busrep .
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A mum 's stunning , explicit and very honest Facebook rant about other parents bragging has racked up thousands of comments and shares .
Them hilarious message has had well over 5,000 interactions and 4,000 shares from people they have firmly struck a chord with .
Chelsea O'Connor posted it after they decided to share their message to all the 'perfect ' parents out there , reports the Manchester Evening News .
Parenting is a minefield , as all mums and dads know , with hundreds of daily hurdles , heartbreaking moments and worrying yourself sick you are n't cut out to be a mum or dad .
But Chelsea delivered a scathing message to anybody who brags about their little angels - and they have been hailed as `` brilliant '' for doing so .
Chelsea , from Bolton , talks very honestly about what their kids get up to at home and how they deal with them .
They write : `` ' I Never Let my Kids eat processed Foods '
`` Oh pi * * off Paula you 're lying bas * * * d !
`` After a week of three school runs a day , plus the ‘ I forgot my banana on the stairs mum ! ! ' re run before you eventually turn up for work , looking like something a f * * * ing cat dragged in , you reach for those chicken tw * * * ing nuggets , chips and beans on a Friday Night like we all do !
`` 'My Kids are in bed by 7pm every night '
`` Really Susan ? ? REALLY ? ?
`` Because my little c * * * were swinging from the curtains like f * * king spider monkeys every night last week until 8.30pm when they eventually shut the f * * k up and went to sleep .
`` F * * k off Susan ya lying tw * * t and put your Piriton syringe away ya cheating f * * k stick !
`` 'My kids are only allowed their tablets for 20 minutes a day '
`` Barbara you 're a lying bas * * * d !
`` We all tell them to ‘ watch a film ' whilst we clean our s * * t hole houses , then before we know it they 're neck deep and two hours into some screaming little t * * t on YouTube , watching them play an Xbox game that they f * * king own themselves , but noooooo , its more fun watching some snotty bratty bastard playing it ! !
`` 'Mine are n't allowed treats in between meals , they have fruit '
`` Carole you bull * * * * ting a * * e goblin ! ! I left the room for five minutes last week and this happened ...
`` A f * * k tonne of milk ! A whole tray of biscuits . Both iPads and massive happy faces ! ! !
`` Like f * * k I was taking it off them . I was proud of their teamwork ! !
`` They 're children . They should be allowed chicken nuggets for tea every now and then .
`` It 's OK if they have a late night here and there , or an iPad game/film for longer than 20 minutes so we can maybe , just maybe wash our f * * king hair alone without our gremlins trashing the bathroom like a pair of wild bas * * * d seals ! !
`` Mums you 're doing just fine !
`` Make the f * * king nuggets . Utilise the iPads so you can maybe hear the voices in your head again .
`` Let them knacker themselves out playing TMNT ( Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ) upstairs on the c * * * * * g curtains until they flake out , and let them have a treat . Let them steal the cookies from the cupboard and let them be f * * king proud of it !
`` With faces like those , I know I am . ''
And other parents absolutely love their brutally honest message .
Thousands have commented under Chelsea 's post , praising the mum for 'keeping it real ' .
Kirsty Suddons said : `` Hahaha this is funny so true and super funny . ''
Nicola Jane said : `` Want to like , love and laugh at this ! ! ! Bloody brill ! x ''
And Gillian Skeath added : `` This is probably the best thing I 've ever read . ''
( CNN Money ) — Going to college just got a lot less expensive for Walmart workers .
Under a new benefit program , employees will pay just $ 1 a day to earn a degree , the company said Wednesday .
Walmart will cover the remaining cost for tuition , fees and books .
All Walmart and Sam 's Club workers in the US will be eligible as soon as they 've been with the company for 90 days . It applies to all part-time , full-time , and salaried employees .
For now , the degree choices are limited to an associate 's or bachelor 's degree in either business or supply chain management , but the company may offer more choices in the future , a spokesperson said .
Workers must pursue the degree at one of three colleges : the University of Florida , Brandman University or Bellevue University . All three schools have online , accredited programs tailored for working adults .
Related : Hotel industry wants to pay for their workers ' college degrees
Walmart has partnered with Guild Education , a benefits platform , for the new employee perk . Through Guild , workers will be offered a coach who can help them with the application process as well as deciding on the appropriate degree .
Workers will also be able to earn college credits for attending some paid trainings at work , reducing the time needed to complete a degree .
Related : McDonald 's boosts tuition benefits because of the new tax law
About 1.4 million Walmart workers will be eligible for the benefit . The company expects 68,000 of them to participate over the first five years , based on enrollment in similar programs . There is no penalty for leaving the company or failing to complete the degree .
In February , Walmart raised its minimum wage to $ 11 and gave out one-time bonuses of up to $ 1,000 .
The new benefits and increased pay “ increases the pressure on other companies inside and outside of retail as this heats up the competition for quality employees , ” said Moody 's Lead Retail Analyst Charlie O'Shea .
Citing a tight job market , several hotel companies have recently expanded tuition benefit programs . Earlier this year , McDonald 's started offering $ 2,500 a year to eligible restaurant employees and $ 3,000 to managers in tuition assistance . Starbucks started a tuition-free program in 2015 . More than 1,000 of its workers have completed their degrees to date .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
As if Tory Burch ‘ s Private Sale was n't epic enough , now the brand is celebrating the new season with yet another major sale where you can shop a huge selection of fabulous items marked down for up to 40 percent off ! With tons of gorgeous accessories – like color-block satchels , resin hoop earrings and summer-ready espadrilles – plus an amazing selection of ready-to-wear styles ( including swimsuits ! ) that all make for perfect warm-weather wardrobe updates , trust us , you 'll want to check out this sale before it 's all gone .
Scroll down to shop these pieces and more must-have items before the sale ends !
Color-Block Espadrilles
Classic espadrille sandals are perfect for summer , especially in these gorgeous pink and red hues .
Buy It ! Color-block Leather Ankle-Strap Espadrille , $ 109 ( orig . $ 158 ) ; toryburch.com
Floral Print One-Piece Swimsuit
If you 're in the market for a cute one-piece swimsuit , make it this .
Buy It ! Iris One-Piece , $ 129 ( orig . $ 218 ) ; toryburch.com
Striped Satchel
The bold stripes and top handle detail make this lady-like tote perfect for work and play .
Buy It ! Half-Moon Striped Satchel , $ 419 ( orig . $ 598 ) ; toryburch.com
Resin Hoop Earrings
Resin earrings are one of the hottest jewelry trends of the season and this pair is no exception .
Buy It ! Resin Color-Block Hoop Earrings , $ 99 ( orig . $ 168 ) ; toryburch.com
Floral Wrap Dress
Rock this wrap dress with sneakers on the weekend , a blazer and heels to the office or lace-up espadrilles for a night out…the possibilities are endless !
Buy It ! Grotto Wrap Dress , $ 269 ( orig . $ 448 ) ; toryburch.com
What Tory Burch styles are you scoring on sale ? Comment below and let us know !
Where do you vote ? How do you vote ? Not sure what riding you live in ? Jon Willing has the answers and more !
James Roby turns 32 in November with their birthday falling towards the end of the World Cup which is being staged in Australia , New Zealand and Papua New Guinea .
The Saints ' hooker is n't ‘ banking on ' being included in England head coach Wayne Bennett 's final squad but it will be the icing on the cake if they catch the eye of the Aussie by their performances in the Super 8s and clinches a spot .
Roby has already won almost every domestic honours in the game , as well as a World Club Challenge title , and already featured in two World Cups but feels this will be their swan-song on the biggest stage of all if selected .
“ It is a massive occasion and it would be fantastic if I got another chance to
play , ” said the one club man , who was n't even born the last time the trophy returned to the UK when , under the Great Britain banner in 1972 , the Pommies took the coveted crown on a superior record in the group stages after a 10-10 draw in the final against Australia which was played in Lyon , France .
But while Robes admits the thought of playing for their country once more is at the back of their mind , all they are focusing at this moment in time is Saints ' bid to lift their seventh Super League crown and , in particular , Friday 's home match against title rivals Hull FC .
They said : “ Every week it will be a scrap for points in the Super 8s and it is just a case of taking one game at a time .
“ We are certainly not going to put ourselves on a pedestal after beating league league leaders Castleford Tigers last week but if we eventually reach the Grand Final it will speak for itself . ”
Fostoria
accidents
Monday :
• Complainant reported their vehicle was hit in the 900 block of Walnut Street around 1:19 p.m. but they did n't see who did it . Incident is under investigation .
citations
Sunday :
• Officer issued citations for driving under suspension following a traffic stop on South Poplar and East Fourth streets .
miscellaneous
Monday :
• A Bannister Street complainant advised they received a scam call from someone claiming to be from Publisher 's Clearing House and they wanted to deposit $ 2 million into their account but they had to provide a monetary fee of $ 2,500 first . Officer provided the caller with FBI contact info .
• Subject came on station to report computer hacking and bank fraud on Cory Street .
• Officer assisted in a vehicle unlock on South Springville Avenue .
• Officer assisted in a vehicle unlock on Peeler Drive .
• Officer was out with a vehicle at a park on Jackson Street ; it was unoccupied .
• Caller stated someone with a metal pole struck something metal on Holmes Lane . Officer noted nothing appeared to be damaged and the building was secure ; call unfounded .
Sunday :
• A West Lytle Street employee requested an officer for a subject who was huffing substances all day and was unruly . Officer noted the subject did n't want to harm herself ; just wanted to sniff nutmeg and chemicals .
• Complainant requested an officer as someone had tried to break into their Woodward Avenue home , damaging the rear door ; requested extra patrol .
• Caller advised they were receiving threatening calls from a subject they do n't know ; requested a report on file .
• Complainant stated someone threw a bag of trash on their North Poplar Street roof ; requested an officer to look at the receipts they found in the bag .
• Complainant reported sometime in early October their cat was shot in the spine ; advised the cat survived but the bullet can not be removed ; requested a report on file .
• Caller reported a domestic situation on Northview Drive . Both parties advised it was verbal over items being thrown away ; subjects were warned for their behavior .
fire runs
Monday :
• Squad was dispatched at 6:49 a.m. for a male subject who was dizzy in the 800 block of West Center Street .
Seneca County
arrests
Monday :
• A juvenile was arrested on North County Road 7 following a call regarding a student drinking on the bus .
citations
Monday :
• Deputy issued a citation for expired plates following a traffic stop on State Street in Bettsville .
Sunday :
• Officer issued a citation for speed following a traffic stop at West U.S. 224 and South Township Road 66 .
thefts
Sunday :
• A Buckley Street complainant reported medicine was stolen from their purse .
miscellaneous
Monday :
• A Bettsville caller stated last week a van came into their Union Street backyard with a bucket on it and did something to the pole before sitting at the end of their driveway but neither the power nor cable company had work in the area .
Sunday :
• Deputy was out with an open door at a North Perry Street location in New Riegel . Building was secured .
fire runs
Sunday :
• A squad was requested for a female subject with liver issues at 4:29 p.m. in the 100 block of Wilson Street in Bettsville .
Comments
comments
By The Associated Press
CINCINNATI ( AP ) — The defense is set to present its case in the Ohio murder retrial of a former University of Cincinnati police officer .
Attorneys for Ray Tensing will start calling witnesses Thursday , with Tensing themselves expected to take the stand as early as Friday .
The state rested its case Wednesday after Dr. Karen Looman of the Hamilton County coroner 's office testified that Sam DuBose died instantly from a bullet fired into their head at a downward angle . Tensing looked away as graphic autopsy photos were shown in court .
Tensing , who is white , is charged in the 2015 traffic-stop shooting of the unarmed black motorist .
Advertisement
Tensing they have said they feared for their life as DuBose tried to drive away .
Their first trial ended in a hung jury in November .
THE CANADIAN PRESS
FREDERICTON -- New Brunswick 's emergency measures organization says there is no more chance of ice jams on the St. John River this spring and the threat of flooding is on the decline .
Spokesman Robert Duguay says the Jemseg area is the only stretch on the river now above flood stage , but the water is not high enough to threaten roads or homes .
They say the weather forecast calls for precipitation for the rest of the week , but officials believe the river will be able to cope with the extra water .
In fact , they said water levels in the Fredericton area should decrease to about a metre below flood stage by Friday .
Over the weekend , one person was evacuated after an ice jam in the Bathurst area caused minor flooding on a residential street .
Duguay says water levels there have since subsided .
Roxene Cleggett was pushed out of their comfort zone as they embarked on a life-changing trip to Cambodia with 26 other Bethanie Fields staff last month .
The Bethanie Fields Eaton therapy and administration assistant took part in the RAW Impact project , which aims to create powerful change in Cambodian villages and provide sustainable housing for people in need .
The trip began in Phnom Penh , where the group worked at Taskor Villlage across the Mekong River .
They then travelled to the Kratie Province and began work in Ko Ki Village , where their helping hands assisted in building and agricultural projects .
“ They have groups to come on board like ours who go over and volunteer but as part of that we raised $ 1000 each to budget to be able to build houses and buy cooking equipment and things like that they might need , ” they said ,
“ Also they have started a bamboo plantation which is what the houses are built out of so eventually it will be sustainable . ”
Ms Cleggett said one of the highlights was working alongside the families who would occupy the houses they were building , which allowed the group to learn more about their culture .
“ It was hard work but it was fun hard work , ” they said .
“ It 's a fantastic thing to do .
“ It 's great because you get to see the real Cambodia instead of the other things you might do on a holiday which are a bit glossy .
“ You get very close and personal with the families , the Khmer people and the children .
“ There are lots of people out there with big hearts … it 's great to see an organisation where everything goes back to the people , which often is n't the case . ”
Ms Cleggett said they would have liked to extend the trip and had plans to return again soon .
After Taylor Swift ‘ s boyfriend Joe Alwyn cheered them on from the audience at iHeartRadio 's Jingle Ball in New York City , the couple hopped across the pond for another concert — where they made a rare display of PDA .
The singer , who turns 28 on Wednesday , found their beau in the crowd after taking the stage at Capital FM Jingle Bell Ball in London on Sunday night . The couple did n't let the swarms of fans armed with cameras stop them from taking advantage of a romantic moment : slow-dancing together while Ed Sheeran crooned their songs onstage .
“ THEY LITERALLY SLOW DANCED TO ALL EDS SONGS WITH THEIR ARMS AROUND ONE ANOTHER AND JUST KEPT LOOKING AT EACH OTHER AND KISSING , ” wrote one enthusiastic concert goer on Twitter .
Others also took to the social media site with photos and videos of the pair , hardly containing their excitement as they cheered the pop star in the glow of love .
“ TAYLOR AND JOE ARE SWAYING WITH Them HEAD IN Their F—ING SHOULDER KISSING TO PERFECT I GOT TA HCKING LEAVE THE ARENA , ” wrote one witness .
Taylor and Joe Alwyn watching the Jingle Bell Ball together💗💗💗 A post shared by Taylor Swift Updates ( @ taylorswift.updates ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 2:26pm PST
MY CAMERA SUCKS BUT MY LIFE DOESNT pic.twitter.com/cZ1f886RBz — kris ( @ allltooswift ) December 10 , 2017
THEY LITERALLY SLOW DANCED TO ALL EDS SONGS WITH THEIR ARMS AROUND ONE ANOTHER AND JUST KEPT LOOKING AT EACH OTHER AND KISSING — kris ( @ allltooswift ) December 10 , 2017
OH MY GOD THHEU JIST KISSED WHILST ED SANG PERFECT — kris ( @ allltooswift ) December 10 , 2017
TAYLOR AND JOE ARE SWAYING WHILST ED SINGS PERFECT pic.twitter.com/PWKUGpqp2c — crystal ( @ swiftsmicheIe ) December 10 , 2017
taylor and joe… literally danced to perfect together like excuse me while I go call 911 — “ EMMMMAAAAA ” ( @ swiftlyagb ) December 10 , 2017
TAYLOR AND JOE KISSING DURING PERFECT ? ? ? ? pic.twitter.com/pqQapgsjDU — 🌸 Nessa 🌸 ( @ nessaswift23 ) December 10 , 2017
Taylor and Joe watching Ed Sheeran perform # CapitalJBB [ IG story : stefflondon ] pic.twitter.com/yA3QhqEyQt — Taylor Swift News ( @ TSwiftNZ ) December 11 , 2017
Swift and Alwyn , who secretly dated for months before going public with their relationship in May , held hands as they entered Madison Square Garden on Friday for the concert in New York .
“ Taylor and Joe are spending time together in N.Y.C . Taylor was in the best mood . They were smiling and waving to fans , ” a source tells PEOPLE . “ Joe stayed for the whole show and they later left together as well . They are staying at Taylor 's N.Y.C . apartment . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Taylor Swift 's Friends Think Joe Alwyn Could Be “ The One ”
Alwyn was also with Swift for their pre-Jingle Ball private party and the duo hung with the singer 's pals Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds , Jack Antonoff and Camila Cabello backstage .
Later , during the show , Swift performed their hits “ Shake It Off , ” “ …Ready for It ? , ” “ I Do n't Want to Live Forever ” and “ Look What You Made Me Do. ” They then brought out Sheeran to perform their duet “ End Game . ”
An insider previously told PEOPLE that Swift 's family is hoping that their latest relationship will endure .
“ It 's a great relationship that everyone hopes will last . Joe could definitely be the one , ” the insider said “ Their relationship is very different from Taylor 's past ones . Just like Taylor , Joe is a homebody . They love being an actor but does n't like the celebrity part of it . It 's pretty special to find someone you 're on the same page with . ”
Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn Bryan Steffy/Getty ; Mike Marsland/WireImage
Along with the release of their latest album , Reputation , Swift announced a global arena tour — which will likely take them away from their new British boyfriend . However , a source previously told PEOPLE that the love birds are determined to make it work .
“ When Taylor tours internationally next year , they will figure it out , ” the source said . “ This is not anything they are stressing about . Their relationship is amazing , because they are both committed to making it work . It 's just a very normal and respectful relationship , built on give-and-take . Joe is a gentleman and just a great guy to date . ”
The spat in the Turkish Cypriot administration in the breakaway north continued on Friday with ‘ foreign minister ' Tahsin Ertugruloglu accusing Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci of making too many concessions to the Greek Cypriot side to the detriment of their community .
It was the latest instalment following Akinci 's criticism of Ertugruloglu after the latter decided to impose a tax on supplies from the south to Greek Cypriots and Maronites living in the north , a small number of people known as the enclaved .
The decision forced the UN , which has been carrying the supplies since an agreement was made in 1975 , to only carry medicines last Wednesday , prompting accusations from the Greek Cypriots that the regime in the north was depriving children of their milk .
Commenting on the issue on Wednesday , Akinci accused Ertugruloglu of ignoring their plea not to enforce the decision , saying they were shooting themselves in the foot .
In response , Ertugruloglu held a lengthy news conference on Friday accusing Akinci of shooting Turkish Cypriots in the head with their actions .
They said no other Turkish Cypriot leader has created so many difficulties that were hard to repair and did not realise that their policy in favour of a solution left them to the mercy of Greek Cypriots .
Akinci , they said , was one of 78 Turkish Cypriots who registered to vote in the European Parliament elections in 2008 in which only Greek Cypriot candidates were elected .
They accused them of not believing in the ‘ Turkish republic of northern Cyprus ' and of being a citizen of the Republic where they wanted to vote .
Ertugruloglu claimed that Akinci was lying to Turkish Cypriots that Greek Cypriots had accepted rotating presidency as part of the reunification talks .
“ They see you as an ethnic minority … stop dreaming . Do n't deceive this people who are fed up of this uncertainty , ” they said .
Insisting on a bizonal , bicommunal federation was an insult to Turkish Cypriots , Ertugruloglu said , and new methods and parameters should be found for a dialogue .
Akinci 's spokesperson Baris Burcu described Ertugruloglu 's comments as unacceptable .
In a written statement , Burcu said these were the comments of an individual who occupied the ‘ foreign ministry ' ; they did not correct their mistake , which was against the interests of the Turkish Cypriots . Akinci , Burcu added , considered it their duty and will continue to point out any wrong actions they saw .
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Md.-Eastern Shore-Virginia Tech Box
VIRGINIA TECH 93 , MD.-EASTERN SHORE 40 MD.-EASTERN SHORE ( 3-8 )
Jones 3-6 0-0 6 , M.Thomas 3-12 0-0 6 , Bacote 5-11 0-0 12 , Frost 2-12 2-2 7 , McIntosh 1-7 4-6 7 , L.Thomas 1-4 0-2 2 , Fitzgerald 0-0 0-0 0 , Hoggs 0-2 0-0 0 . Totals 15-54 6-10 40 .
VIRGINIA TECH ( 9-1 )
Blackshear 3-5 3-4 9 , Alexander-Walker 6-7 0-0 16 , Hill 6-11 0-0 15 , Robinson 3-8 0-0 6 , Bibbs 4-6 0-0 10 , Horne 3-5 3-4 9 , Fullard 0-0 0-0 0 , Wilson 0-2 0-0 0 , Ammerman 0-0 0-0 0 , Bede 3-6 0-0 9 , Jackson 0-5 1-2 1 , Clarke 7-9 1-1 18 . Totals 35-64 8-11 93 .
Halftime_Virginia Tech 54-22 . 3-Point Goals_Md.-Eastern Shore 4-26 ( Bacote 2-7 , McIntosh 1-5 , Frost 1-7 , Jones 0-1 , Hoggs 0-2 , M.Thomas 0-4 ) , Virginia Tech 15-27 ( Alexander-Walker 4-4 , Clarke 3-3 , Bede 3-3 , Hill 3-7 , Bibbs 2-3 , Wilson 0-1 , Robinson 0-2 , Jackson 0-4 ) . Fouled Out_None . Rebounds_Md.-Eastern Shore 23 ( Jones , M.Thomas 6 ) , Virginia Tech 39 ( Alexander-Walker , Blackshear 8 ) . Assists_Md.-Eastern Shore 11 ( Bacote , Frost , McIntosh 3 ) , Virginia Tech 21 ( Robinson 5 ) . Total Fouls_Md.-Eastern Shore 11 , Virginia Tech 9 . A_6,578 ( 10,052 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Baldivis MLA Reece Whitby speaks outside parliament last Thursday with their father Ray Whitby and Minister for Veterans Affairs Peter Tinley . Photo : Cale Black
Baldivis MLA Reece Whitby speaks outside parliament last Thursday with their father Ray Whitby and Minister for Veterans Affairs Peter Tinley . Photo : Cale Black Picture : Picture : Cale Black
Baldivis MLA Reece Whitby delivered a passionate speech in State Parliament last week calling for the fair treatment of veterans who were exposed to radiation in the 1950s off the north-west coast of WA .
Australian sailors , including Mr Whitby 's father Ray , were sent to the Montebello Islands after British atomic bomb testing , with many suffering dire health conditions in the aftermath .
While those exposed to radiation between October 3 , 1952 , and June 19 , 1958 , are entitled to the veterans ' gold card , others who visited the atomic sites outside this period have not been extended the same benefits .
Although veterans who were exposed to radiation outside this period have been officially recognised by the Federal Government and been issued a medallion of appreciation , their medical expenses have not been covered through gold card entitlement .
Mr Whitby said their father and many of their shipmates had had ongoing health concerns and a gold card should be the least the sailors could expect .
“ If we do n't treat veterans fairly , how can men and women in uniform today have any faith that they will be treated fairly in years to come ? ” they said .
“ Now my father and their surviving mates just want to be treated like other veterans of British nuclear testing .
“ Today I call on our West Australian Veterans Issues Minister ( Peter Tinley ) to continue the fight on their behalf for justice and fairness . ”
Sanju In Dubai : The much awaited biopic of Sanjay Dutt , depicting the peaks and valleys of their life Sanju has hit the theatres last Friday . Produced by Raj Kumar Hirani and Vidhu Vinod Chopra , film has a stupendous cast of Ranbir Kapoor , Sonam Kapoor , Anushka Sharma , Paresh Rawal , Vicky Kaushal , Jim Sarbh , Manisha Koirala , Dia Mirza , Karishma Tanna , Boman Irani and Tabu .
It 's not even been a week and the film is doing great at the box office . Sanju has collected humongous number of 167.51 crores at the box office . People are going all gaga over the film , not only in India but also internationally .
One such evidence of Sanju 's international flakiness is the film running 24 hours at the theatres in Dubai . We all were aware that Sanju was supposed to release a day before in Dubai , but due to some hapless reasons , it released on Friday .
There have been a lot of hustles outside theatres in Dubai for the film Sanju . Seeing this Dubai 's government came to a decision of running the film 24 hours in the theatre on Friday and Saturday.The first show of the film would start at 4:30 AM and 6:00 AM in the morning keeping in mind the craze people have for the film .
Audiences and critics are just loving Ranbir Kapoor 's performance in Sanju . Even Sanjay Dutt could n't resist themselves from praising Ranbir Kapoor 's potrayal of himself . At the trailer launch of Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster 3 they said , “ Ranbir is extra-ordinary in the film . I think the film is fantastic . Rajkumar Hirani , Vicky Kaushal and everybody has done a fantastic job in it . Whatever has been the truth that has been portrayed in the film . ”
Sanju is definitely one of the best performances of Ranbir Kapoor and will be remembered evermore .
A WOMAN has been struck and killed by an Uber self-driving vehicle in the US state of Arizona .
At the time of the accident , which occurred overnight , the car was in autonomous mode with a vehicle operator behind the wheel , police said .
“ The vehicle was travelling northbound ... when a female walking outside of the crosswalk crossed the road from west to east when they were struck by the Uber vehicle , ” police said in a statement .
Camera Icon In the wake of the accident , Uber has suspended its autonomous vehicle program . Picture : AP , AP/Eric Risberg
In response , Uber said it had suspended its autonomous vehicle program across the United States and Canada .
The accident marked the first fatality from a self-driving vehicle , which are still being tested around the globe , and could derail efforts to fast-track the introduction of the new technology .
Uber said in a statement it was fully co-operating with authorities .
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix , Pittsburgh , San Francisco and Toronto .
Carmakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology .
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company was “ fully co-operating ' with the investigation .
The woman died of their injuries at a hospital and their name was not made public . Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months .
Washington 's ‘ incorrect ' decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel could exacerbate what is already a very tense situation in the Middle East , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani warned on Sunday , Iranian media reported .
`` The regional situation is such that one should not fan the flames and the US president 's recent decision to move the country 's embassy to al-Quds was an incorrect decision and was [ like ] pouring gasoline on the flames in the region , '' Rouhani said when meeting with British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson in Tehran .
The Iranian leader reiterated Tehran 's desire to establish peace and stability in the region and stamp out terrorism .
`` No one can doubt Iran 's positive measures in the region , '' they said , adding that Iran 's constructive role had “ saved [ Syria and Iraq ] from the threat of terrorism , ” Press TV quoted them as saying .
Hassan Rouhani also held out hope that the Anglo-Iranian talks could contribute to regional stability .
Boris Johnson , for their part , acknowledged Iran 's positive role in combating terrorism and promoting peace and stability in the long-troubled region .
Johnson criticized President Trump 's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of the Jewish state as “ inappropriate , ” praised the 2015 Iran nuclear deal as a positive accord and expressed London 's desire to partake in investment projects in the Islamic Republic .
The British Foreign Secretary also met with the head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran ( AEOI ) , Ali Akbar Salehi , to discuss the gradual removal of banking restrictions after the implementation of all the terms of the nuclear accord .
READ MORE : Boris Johnson Calls on US to Stop Gambling With Iran Nuclear Deal
On Wednesday , Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel 's capital and ordered the US State Department to start the process of moving the US embassy to the ancient city from Tel Aviv .
The decision has sparked outrage in the Arab world and has also been widely criticized in the US and around the world .
SPRINGMOUNT -
There must be a policing gene that 's dominant in Hazel Hahn 's family .
There are four generations in the profession in the Georgian Bluffs woman 's family , which all started with Hahn 's father , Arthur Lemcke , and the family they and their mother , Florence , raised on the Bruce Peninsula .
Arthur Lemcke was the lone Bruce County police constable for Lion 's Head when they started in 1942 , while they also worked a farm there . The policing job helped pay the bills and it suited them well .
In 1949 they moved the family to Wiarton to become constable there . They were appointed chief of police there in 1952 and remained so until 1962 when they retired . For eight of those years , they also are the driver examiner who passed more than 2,000 drivers , Hazel Hahn said in a recent interview .
Arthur Lemcke died at 81 at Gateway Haven in Wiarton in 1984 . Florence died there at age 93 in 1992 .
Arthur Lemcke and an OPP office in Wiarton , and another police officer in Hepworth , policed the whole of the Bruce Peninsula for years , Hahn said . Their three sons all become police officers .
The recent death one of the three , Carman Lemcke , a retired Shelburne Police Service chief , prompted Hahn to want to acknowledge their brother 's passing locally , because lots of people there knew them on the peninsula , they said .
They were the longest serving police chief in Ontario , if not Canada , their death notice said .
Carman Lemcke 's 37-year policing career started with the Shelburne Police Service in 1956 . The next year they made them chief . They retired in 1994 and lived the rest of their life in Shelburne . Former Owen Sound Police Chief Tom Kaye served under them in Shelburne , according to information Hahn has .
Albert Lemcke , Arthur Lemcke 's eldest son , took over their father 's policing job in Lion 's Head when their father left it to become a Bruce County constable in Wiarton .
Next Albert joined the Hanover police , Thornbury police and Mount Forest police service , where they became chief . They returned to Wiarton in 1958 , assisting their father , and retired in 1963 , a 2007 article in Blue Line Magazine said .
Roy Lemcke , Arthur Lemcke 's third son , was a constable with Port Elgin police between 1965 and 1976 . They went on to open Lord Elgin 's Restaurant there .
Carman Lemcke 's sons , Bruce and Bill , entered policing too , making them the third generation of Lemckes to do so .
Bruce Lemcke , who started their policing career in 1981 , held many positions with Peel Regional Police , including in drugs and vice , drug enforcement at Pearson Airport , organized crime , and fraud , before retiring in 2016 after 35 years .
Now they work as a part-time beat officer for Orangeville Police Service .
Bill became a special constable in the courts with Orangeville police in 1997 and continues as such today .
The fourth generation of Lemckes hold jobs as a social worker , paramedic , in bylaw enforcement , police dispatch and policing .
Bill Lemcke 's daughter , Lindsay O'Reilly , is a social worker in North Bay , son Shawn Lemcke is a paramedic in Dufferin County , and daughter Sherri Lynn Heenan is a dispatcher with Barrie Police Service .
Bruce Lemcke 's step-daughter Vanessa Albanese , is a bylaw officer in Shelburne . Bruce 's elder son , Bryan , spent four years as an auxiliary police officer in Shelburne starting in 2003 . Bruce 's younger son , Greg , started as an auxiliary officer , then in 2007 became a constable in Shelburne and in 2013 joined Orangeville OPP .
Kenneth Hahn , Jim and Hazel Hahn 's son , died in a motor vehicle accident in 1983 , days before their application to join the Royal Canadian Mounted Police was approved .
Most of the companies often participate in the exhibitions and events to enhance their brand image in the public . These events give the companies a chance to directly interact with their business associates or the customers to have first- hand feedback about their products . But to create a positive image and mingle with the clients and customers the company require experienced exhibition hosts or event promoters who understand their job and make your presence a grand success in the exhibition or the event . Though companies have their own employees to participate in an event it is only expert hosts , trade show models , registration hostess , and moderator etc who can actually do 100 % justice to their job . To find the best trade show models or event hosts the companies often rely on the recruitment agencies for hiring the temporary staff . But this is an expensive option as the recruitment agencies have limited database and also charge a hefty fee for their services . To overcome these hassles the companies can now look out for online event staffing agency , Professionate that offers a common platform for both the companies and the aspirants interested in the temporary jobs to meet each other 's requirement .
The companies can simply register on the portal and have access to a huge data base as Professionate has their presence across the world and can help you find suitable candidates for hosting your exhibition or events anywhere and anytime . The companies can have access to thousands of profiles that they can go through not only the images of the candidates but also their ratings and reviews given by other employers who have hired their services . This makes the job easy for the companies to choose the best candidate that fits for their job profile . The recruitment agencies can also take advantage of the online event staffing agency portal as they can access more profiles to submit for their clients . Similarly , the candidates who are looking out for temporary jobs can post their profiles on the portal for the companies to notice and can also directly go through the available vacancies by browsing the portal and find out the jobs that suit to their interests to apply for them . The candidates no longer have to run behind the recruitment agencies but with a single upload of their profile can be seen by many companies who are looking for the right candidate suitable to host exhibition or work as trade show models .
Plan your special event or conference in Dubai ? Here you can get best hostess agency dubai . We have a reliable and professional team to host your event or conference and gives guarantee the success of your event with professional hosting and promotion services from our event staffing agency @ http : //www.professionate.com/
Contact Address :
Professionate
Dubai
110001
United Arab Emirates
+49 151 66458197
EUGENE , Ore. ( AP ) - At the halftime buzzer against Minnesota , Sabrina Ionescu nailed an improbable 3-pointer and then fell to the court . A moment later , they were clearly angry with themselves for missing the free throw that went with it .
The moment was typical of Oregon 's sophomore guard .
Ionescu had 29 points , nine assists and seven rebounds and the second-seeded Oregon Ducks advanced to the Sweet 16 with a 101-73 victory over the No . 10 Golden Gophers in the second round of the women 's NCAA Tournament on Sunday night .
`` She 's dialed in , '' Ducks coach Kelly Graves said . `` She 's rock solid . ''
It was the 11th straight victory for the Ducks , who are headed to the round of 16 for the second straight season . Last year they went to the Elite Eight for the first time in program history .
Ionescu was just short of their second straight and 11th career triple-double . A sophomore , Ionescu holds the career NCAA record for triple-doubles .
Fellow sophomore Ruthy Hebard finished with 22 points and 10 rebounds for the Ducks , who led by as many as 34 points . Ionescu went to the bench with 8:31 left in the game and Oregon up by 30 .
`` The ball went through the basket today for me , '' Ionescu said . `` It was just kind of in the flow of the game . People were getting me the ball in position for me to score , which was nice to see , and then Ruthy played well inside . I was getting them the ball and vice versa . ''
With their fourth assist of the game , Ionescu broke the Pac-12 single-season record of 278 , set by Arizona 's Brenda Pantoja in the 1995-96 season . They finished the game with 284 .
Carlie Wagner led the Golden Gophers with 20 points . Oregon 's 101 points were the most Minnesota had given up all year .
`` Obviously a tough moment for our team , '' Minnesota coach Marlene Stollings said . `` I 'm really proud of them . They had more wins than they had in 13 years in our program , and made tremendous progress . So I could n't be more proud of them for that . Oregon is a tremendous team . I would be shocked if they 're not playing in the Final Four and playing for a championship . ''
The Ducks , who won both the Pac-12 regular season and tournament titles , were coming off an 88-45 first-round victory over No . 15 seed Seattle . Ionescu finished with 19 points , 11 assists and 10 rebounds in that game .
Minnesota beat No . 7 Green Bay 89-77 on Friday . Kenisha Bell had 24 of their 26 points in the second half as the Gophers rallied from 10 points down at halftime .
Minnesota came into the tournament with an average of 85.2 points per game to lead the Big Ten and ranked third nationally - behind only UConn and Baylor . The Golden Gophers were making their first tournament appearance since 2015 .
Oregon jumped to a 21-13 lead after Ionescu 's corner 3-pointer . They got a layup as the shot clock expired and a free throw to put the Ducks up 30-22 at the end of the first quarter . Ionescu led all scorers in the period with 13 points .
Hebard 's layup gave the Ducks a 41-31 lead . Ionescu fell to the floor but somehow nailed a 3-pointer at the buzzer to give the Ducks a 51-36 lead at the break . They went into the half with 22 points .
But even after the game they were mad about that free throw .
`` I knew it was a foul , but it was n't an and-one because I missed the free throw , so I 'm still bummed about that , '' they said .
Lexi Bando 's 3-pointer pushed the Ducks ' lead to 39-62 in the third quarter .
Ionescu 's 29 points were a record for an Oregon player in an NCAA Tournament game .
`` She 's special , '' Stollings said about Ionescu . `` She 's the kind of player that does n't come along very often in a coaching career . ''
BIG PICTURE
Minnesota : The Golden Gophers have faced the Ducks just once before , in the 1979 WNIT . Oregon won , 85-74 . ... Minnesota 's best finish in the tournament was a run to the Final Four in 2004 . ... Minnesota 's 24 wins this season were its most in 13 seasons .
Oregon : The Ducks pushed their total wins this season to 32 , a record for coach Kelly Graves . ... Oregon was making its second straight tournament appearance and 14th overall . ... Bando played their last game at Matthew Knight Arena . ... Oregon governor Kate Brown was at the game .
LOOKING AHEAD : `` I think it 's pretty awesome and I think our coaches saw that we were going to be able to accomplish this when they recruited us , but now it 's another two-game tournament that we 're going to in Spokane , '' Ionescu said . `` We 're going to play like we 've been playing and hopefully get two wins there . ''
UP NEXT
The Ducks will travel north to Spokane to face the winner of Monday 's game between third-seeded Ohio State and No . 11 Central Michigan in Columbus , Ohio . The Buckeyes beat George Washington 87-45 on Saturday , after Central Michigan upset No . 6 LSU 78-69 .
Fostoria
accidents
Saturday :
• Officer came across a power pole down and a vehicle at the scene in the 300 South Main Street at 4:47 a.m .
thefts
Friday :
• Complainant reported their fiance was at the emergency room when their wallet was stolen ; advised the wallet was found by the door but all the money was missing . Officer requested video surveillance ; investigation pending .
miscellaneous
Sunday :
• Dispatch received two 9-1-1 calls regarding a female subject causing a disturbance at a West North Street location . Subject was warned to not come back and if they did , they would be arrested for trespassing .
• Caller advised a door was open at a Peeler Drive address . Officer noted the residence was ransacked but there were no signs of forced entry ; contact was made with the tenant who was OK and the residence was secured .
• Seneca County Sheriff 's Office advised they received a 9-1-1 call from a male subject who was walking to a friends home on South Vine Street and stated they were thinking of suicide before hanging up . Officer took subject to the hospital for an evaluation .
• A West North Street caller requested officers as a male subject was tearing their stuff up , cutting their couch and physically damaging their property . Male was gone upon officer 's arrival .
Saturday :
• Complainant stated a male subject in a vehicle at the tracks near Sandusky and East Fremont streets appeared to be sleeping .
• Caller requested an officer standby on North Town Street while they retrieved their property .
• Caller requested a welfare check on their parents at a Bannister Street address as they were not answering their calls and they were concerned because they did n't have power . Officer noted only one vehicle was in the driveway and it appeared no one was home .
• Subject came on station to speak with an officer regarding a male who came to their place of work and threatened him .
• Officer assisted in a vehicle unlock on West North Street .
• An East Fremont Street resident requested an officer as a subject was there causing problems .
• A West Lytle Street employee requested an officer for an intoxicated female subject who fell off a stoop while fighting another employee . Squad transported the subject to the hospital .
• Wood County Sheriff 's Office requested an officer for a domestic situation on East High Street . Male subject left the residence to avoid any further problems .
Friday :
• An East South Street residence requested an officer have their neighbor bring in their dogs as they were barking all day long .
• Subject came on station requesting to speak to an officer regarding threatening telephone calls they were receiving from a Texas subject .
• Officer assisted in a vehicle unlock on Elm Street .
• Officer advised a subject was yelling at them near Taft Boulevard and South Poplar Street .
• Complainant came on station with a court order to take a subject for evaluation .
• Officer assisted in a vehicle unlock on North Wood Street .
fire runs
Saturday :
• EMS was requested for a three-vehicle accident at West Ohio 12 and North Township Road 47 at 12:39 p.m. One injury was reported .
• Squad was dispatched at 9:41 a.m. for a medical alert activation with no response from the client in the 400 block of West Tiffin Street .
Friday :
• EMS responded to the 600 block of Lynn Street for a female subject who was incoherent at 9:45 p.m .
Seneca County
accidents
Saturday :
• Caller reported a two-vehicle non-injury accident at South County Road 594 and West County Road 54 at 1:50 p.m .
citations
Saturday :
• Deputy issued a citation for a stop sign violation following a traffic stop at Union and Washington streets in Bettsville .
miscellaneous
Saturday :
• Deputy was out with a subject near Union and Liberty streets in Bettsville . Subject requested a vehicle unlock but because there was no emergency , they were advised deputies could n't help him .
fire runs
Friday :
• Seneca County Sheriff 's Office requested EMS for an unresponsive male subject in the 12500 block of West Wagner Street at 5:31 p.m .
Comments
comments
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME , June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday .
DALLAS , Aug. 14 , 2017 -- Exposure to high levels of air pollution increased stress hormone levels and negative metabolic changes in otherwise healthy , young adults in a recent study conducted in China . Air purifiers appeared to lessen the negative effects , according to new research published in the American Heart Association 's journal Circulation .
Researchers focused on fine particulate matter ( PM2.5 ) -- a component of air pollution emitted from vehicles , factories , power plants , fires and smoking -- because many studies have suggested this type of major air pollutant might lead to cardiovascular and metabolic health consequences , according to Haidong Kan , M.D. , Ph.D. , study author and professor of environmental health sciences at Fudan University in Shanghai , China .
However , the biological mechanisms linking air pollution to cardiovascular risk are unclear . In this study , the first of its kind , researchers used `` metabolomics '' -- a method that could reflect how glucose , amino acids , fatty acids and lipids are metabolized -- to get a snapshot of the chemical processes by which cells produce the substances and energy needed to sustain life .
Researchers recruited 55 healthy , young college students , who received alternate treatments of real and sham air purification in random orders in their dormitory rooms .
Researchers measured indoor and outdoor fine particulate matter levels during the study , and at certain points did health tests and collected blood serum and urine samples to analyze the students ' metabolites , inflammation and oxidative stress biomarkers . They looked for differences in blood serum metabolites , biomarkers and blood pressures with increasing exposure to fine particulate matter .
Researchers found :
Notable changes in 97 blood serum metabolites after fine particulate matter exposure .
An average 82 percent lower level of indoor fine particulate matter with air purifiers versus sham purifiers .
Short-term reductions in stress hormone levels after air purifiers were used .
After 24-hours with real air purifiers in use , exposure levels for fine particulate matter were in the safe range per World Health Organization .
Higher fine particulate matter exposure was also associated with increases in stress hormone levels , which are believed to induce high blood pressure , inflammatory and metabolic effects in the body , Kan said .
Fine particulate matter exposure impacted metabolism of glucose , amino acids , fatty acids and lipids . These changes , along with the significantly higher blood pressure , insulin resistance and biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress found among people exposed to higher levels , could be partly responsible for the adverse cardiovascular effects caused by air pollution exposure , researchers said .
`` Levels of stress hormones , systolic blood pressure and biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation were significantly lower when using real air purifiers , '' Kan said . `` Although we found significant health benefits with air purifiers , the actual health protection people could get from air purifiers in real living conditions is still not well-determined . ''
This was also a small study and whether the results translate to other countries remains to be seen , because air pollution levels are much higher in urban China than in the United States or Europe . Nevertheless , the study highlights air pollution 's potential impact on human health in more ways than we currently know , Kan said .
`` Future studies should examine whether the health benefits from short-term air purification can improve long-term health , and whether these findings are also found in people who live in low pollution areas , '' Kan said . The current study only focused on one particulate matter size found in pollution .
# # #
Co-authors are Huichu Li , M.S . ; Jing Cai , Ph.D. ; Renjie Chen , Ph.D. ; Zhuohui Zhao , Ph.D. ; Zhekang Ying , Ph.D. ; Lin Wang , Ph.D. ; Jianmin Chen , Ph.D. ; Ke Hao , Sc.D . ; Patrick L. Kinney , Sc.D . and Honglei Chen , M.D . Ph.D . Author disclosures are on the manuscript .
The National Natural Science Foundation of China , Public Welfare Research Program of National Health and Family Planning Commission of China , Shanghai 3-Year Public Health Action Plan , Cyrus Tang Foundation and China Medical Board Collaborating Program funded the study .
Additional Resources :
Photos available on the right column of the release link : http : //newsroom . heart . org/ news/ air-pollution-linked-to-cardiovascular-disease-air-purifiers-may-lessen-impact ? preview= 144970683add5a3d33ad9577a6ac9fbf
After Aug. 14 , view the study manuscript and editorial online .
Clean air archives
`` Bad '' air may impact `` good '' cholesterol increasing heart disease risk
Air pollution linked to blood vessel damage in healthy young adults
AHA Scientific Statement : Particulate Matter Air Pollution and Cardiovascular Disease
Follow AHA/ASA news on Twitter @ HeartNews
For updates and new science from the Circulation journal follow @ CircAHA
Statements and conclusions of study authors published in American Heart Association scientific journals are solely those of the study authors and do not necessarily reflect the association 's policy or position . The association makes no representation or guarantee as to their accuracy or reliability . The association receives funding primarily from individuals ; foundations and corporations ( including pharmaceutical , device manufacturers and other companies ) also make donations and fund specific association programs and events . The association has strict policies to prevent these relationships from influencing the science content . Revenues from pharmaceutical and device corporations and health insurance providers are available at http : //www . heart . org/ corporatefunding .
About the American Heart Association
The American Heart Association is devoted to saving people from heart disease and stroke -- the two leading causes of death in the world . We team with millions of volunteers to fund innovative research , fight for stronger public health policies , and provide lifesaving tools and information to prevent and treat these diseases . The Dallas-based association is the nation 's oldest and largest voluntary organization dedicated to fighting heart disease and stroke . To learn more or to get involved , call 1-800-AHA-USA1 , visit heart.org or call any of our offices around the country . Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Rising preference for card-less ATM transactions is the prominent factor driving the growth of the intelligent cash deposit machine market . Financial institutions and individual ATM deplorers are continuously focusing on upgrading their ATM infrastructure to enhance security and convenience and deliver a personalized seamless banking experience to its customers by introducing card-less ATM transactional functionalities such as One-Time Access Code and biometric authentication , and intelligent cash deposit machines . Furthermore , rise in the number of bank accounts , increasing investments towards expansion of banking network and rise in the number of foreign investments in the banking sector are the potential growth factors expected to surge the demand for intelligent cash deposit machines . With a rise in cyber-security threats across various components of the banking system , service providers are focusing on developing and expanding the number of intelligent cash deposit machines with enhance security functionalities to protect their banking network from various types of cyber-attacks .
Intelligent cash deposit machines are cash deposit systems that automate cash deposit transactions by counting , identifying , sorting and saving without any human interference . They streamline the procedure of cash depositing , improve service efficiency and increase the productivity of retail staff . Some of the features of intelligent cash deposit machines include safety , automated cash reconciliation , instant access to all deposit information & management reporting and reduction in cast-in-transit related costs . These factors are creating potential growth opportunities for the intelligent cash deposit machine market .
Global Intelligent Cash Deposit Machine Market : Drivers and Challenges
Drivers
Digitalization in the banking industry is driving the growth of the intelligent cash deposit machine market . Also , the rising focus of financial service providers on delivering more functionalities to consumers through the ATM channel by deploying automated deposit ATMs with intelligent deposit and cash recycling technology in order to improve customer satisfaction is another major factor driving the growth of the market . Moreover , the increasing focus of financial organizations to increase the reach of intelligent cash deposit machines in rural and remote corners of countries in regions such as Asia Pacific and MEA is fuelling the growth of the intelligent cash deposit machine market .
Request Sample Report @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6946
Apart from this , economic development in regions such as the Middle East & Africa and Asia Pacific and the growth and investment in the banking sectors of various countries are creating potential growth opportunities for the intelligent cash deposit machine market .
Challenges
The high maintenance cost of intelligent cash deposit machines hinders the growth of the intelligent cash deposit machine market . Also , the rising customer preference for non-cash payments such as mobile payments , e-commerce payments , and online bill payments and expanding digital banking solutions reduce the need for cash in various regions around the globe . Moreover , the rising trend of UPI payments , and money transfer applications hampers the growth of the intelligent cash deposit machine market .
Global Intelligent Cash Deposit Machine Market : Segmentation
Segmentation of the intelligent cash deposit machine market on the basis of screen size :
15 ” and below
Above 15 ”
Segmentation of the intelligent cash deposit machine market on the basis of type :
Off-site intelligent cash deposit machine
On-site intelligent cash deposit machine
Global Intelligent Cash Deposit Machine Market : Competition Landscape
Key Players
Some of the prominent players in the intelligent cash deposit machine market include NCR Corporation , Dibold Nixdorf , Hitachi-Omron Terminal Solutions , Corporation , GRG Banking , Fujitsu Frontech Ltd. , Triton Systems of Delaware LLC , Nautilus Hyosung Corp. , HESS Cash Systems GmbH & Co. KG , and Oki Electric Industry Co. , Ltd .
Request to View TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6946
JEFFERSON CITY , Mo . ( AP ) - In a May 29 story about the resignation of Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens , The Associated Press erroneously reported the amount of time Greitens spent fighting to stay in office after their affair became public . It was nearly five months , not nearly six months .
A corrected version of the story is below :
Missouri governor resigns amid widening investigations
Missouri governor resigns amid investigations stemming from extramarital affair
By DAVID A. LIEB
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY , Mo . ( AP ) - Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens , a sometimes brash political outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhodes scholar and Navy SEAL officer made them a rising star in the Republican Party , resigned Tuesday amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with their former hairdresser .
The 44-year-old governor spent nearly five months fighting to stay in office after the affair became public in January in a television news report that aired immediately following their State of the State address . The probes into their conduct by prosecutors and lawmakers began with allegations stemming from the affair and expanded to include questions about whether they violated campaign-finance laws .
Greitens said their resignation would take effect Friday .
`` This ordeal has been designed to cause an incredible amount of strain on my family - millions of dollars of mounting legal bills , endless personal attacks designed to cause maximum damage to family and friends , '' they said in a brief statement from their Jefferson City office , their voice breaking at times .
They said they could not `` allow those forces to continue to cause pain and difficulty to the people that I love . ''
Lawmakers pressuring Greitens to step down included many Republicans , who feared that their troubles could jeopardize the GOP 's chances of defeating incumbent Democrat Sen. Claire McCaskill in a race considered essential to the party 's hopes of keeping control of the Senate .
The local St. Louis prosecutor 's office said it had reached a `` fair and just resolution '' on criminal charges against Greitens now that he 's leaving office . But the prosecutor said details would not be made public until Wednesday .
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy for allegedly taking and transmitting a photo of the woman without their consent at their home in 2015 , before they were elected governor . The charge was dismissed during jury selection , but a special prosecutor from Kansas City is considering whether to refile charges and said Tuesday that their investigation is ongoing .
In April , the St. Louis prosecutor , Kim Gardner , charged Greitens with another felony , alleging that they improperly used the donor list for a charity that they had founded to raise money for their 2016 campaign .
Then less than two weeks ago , the Missouri Legislature began meeting in special session to consider whether to pursue impeachment proceedings to try to oust Greitens from office . A special House investigative committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday .
Two people with close ties to Republican officials in Washington and Missouri told The Associated Press there was no coordinated effort to push Greitens out .
The governor 's brashness had alienated some GOP legislators even before their affair became public . Senate Leadership Fund President Steven Law said the resignation could help unify Missouri Republicans and free up money .
In January , the woman 's ex-husband released a secretly recorded conversation from 2015 in which they described the affair , which happened shortly after Greitens created an exploratory committee to run for office . The woman later told the House committee that Greitens restrained , slapped , shoved and threatened them during a series of sexual encounters that at times left them crying and afraid .
Greitens said the allegations amounted to a `` political witch hunt '' and vowed to stay in office . But a report from the House committee created a firestorm , with both Republicans and Democrats calling for their resignation .
Even while resigning , Greitens remained defiant .
`` I am not perfect . But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment , '' they said . `` I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history . ''
Their departure will elevate fellow Republican Lt. Gov . Mike Parson - a former state lawmaker and sheriff - to the governor 's office .
Parson , who will serve the remainder of Greitens ' term through January 2020 , pledged to carry out their new duties `` with honor and integrity . '' They said Greitens ' resignation `` will allow our state to heal and move forward from what has been a difficult time . ''
The Greitens administration was thrown into chaos the night of Jan. 10 , when a St. Louis TV station aired a report about Greitens allegedly taking the compromising photo and threatening to blackmail the woman if they ever spoke of their encounter .
The governor admitted to having an affair but denied any criminal wrongdoing . They said the criminal case was politically motivated and called Gardner , a Democrat , a `` reckless liberal prosecutor . ''
The House authorized the legislative investigation a week after the indictment .
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley also launched an inquiry into a veterans ' charity Greitens founded . Federal law bars 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) charities such as The Mission Continues from intervening in political campaigns on behalf of candidates .
The Associated Press first reported in October 2016 that Greitens ' campaign had obtained a list of individuals , corporations and other nonprofits that had given at least $ 1,000 to The Mission Continues . The AP reported that Greitens raised about $ 2 million from those who had previously given significant amounts to the charity .
Hawley , a Republican running for U.S. Senate , turned evidence over to Gardner , saying April 17 that they believed Greitens had broken the law . Them office charged them with tampering with computer data for allegedly disclosing the donor list without the charity 's permission .
A May 2 report from the House investigative committee indicated that Greitens themselves received the donor list and later directed aides to work off it to raise money for their gubernatorial campaign . Former campaign aide Danny Laub testified that they were duped into taking the fall when the campaign tried to explain how it had gotten the list .
Earlier Tuesday , the House panel had heard a second round of testimony from Greitens campaign aide Michael Hafner , who said Greitens had instructed them to use the charity donor list for political fundraising .
The invasion-of-privacy indictment alleged that on March 21 , 2015 , Greitens photographed the woman and transmitted the photo `` in a manner that allowed access to that image via a computer . ''
During their testimony to the House committee , the woman said Greitens invited them to their home and offered to show them `` how to do a proper pull-up . '' The woman said they initially thought `` this is going to be some sort of sexy workout . ''
But once in their basement , Greitens taped their hands to pull-up rings , blindfolded her , and started kissing and disrobing them without their consent , according to their testimony .
Then they saw a flash and heard a click , like a cellphone camera , they said . The woman testified that Greitens told her : `` Do n't even mention my name to anybody at all , because if you do , I 'm going to take these pictures , and I 'm going to put them everywhere I can . They are going to be everywhere , and then everyone will know what a little whore you are . ''
Greitens , a married father of two young boys , repeatedly denied blackmailing the woman . They declined to say whether they took a photo , and prosecutors acknowledged in court that they had not found a photo .
The governor , who also served as a White House fellow and wrote a best-selling book , won an expensive Republican primary in 2016 , then defeated Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Republicans control of the governor 's mansion for the first time in eight years . Some considered them a potential future presidential contender .
___
Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City , Jim Salter in St. Louis , John Hanna in Topeka , Kansas , Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report .
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/DavidALieb
Tonari no Okusan , which translates to ‘ wife next door , ' is a duplicitous phrase , invoking the wholesomeness of the girl next door amongst other , less innocent , things . It 's interestingly apt that the name of this new shochu bar in Ebisu is so slippery , because whether it 's food and drink , or more amorous pursuits , Tokyo is a city where good categorization counts . This can be seen nowhere more than in Japanese dating sims , those play-through-novel games devoured by women across Japan and increasingly , overseas , where you can ‘ date ' prototypical male ideals . Your options include the sensitive guy , the tsundere ( tough on the outside but you need to change him ) , the glasses character , the bad boy and the childhood friend . Who will you choose ?
Tonari no Okusan is essentially a shochu bar based on this concept . The drinks on offer are named after various objects of ( what I presume to be ) heterosexual male fantasy , with taste and packaging to represent their stereotypical characteristics . There are the moto kano ( ex-girlfriend ) and the ima kano ( current girlfriend ) . Those may seem easy enough to wrap your head around , but the next two shochu raise a few eyebrows . Chuuzaiin is a vague term used to describe an employee assigned to a branch office far from home – or maybe assigned to another country , alluding to expats , perhaps – so I presume the chuuzaiin no okusan is the shochu for the wife left behind . Finally , you have the eponymous tonari no okusan or ( wife next door ) , which has more serving options than the other shochu on offer .
I asked why there was n't a moto kare ( ex-boyfriend ) shochu . They told me that this is because women are very adept at moving on after a relationship . They might cry initially ; but once they find their ima kare , they are all that occupies their mind . How admirable .
A priest once said that many mild heresies are forgiven for the sake of a good rhyme in an hymn . Then so too , may venial sexisms be forgiven for the sake of a genuinely interesting theme and some really great shochu… And it is great . Shochu newbies should start safe with the chuuzaiin no okusan , a refreshing shochu , very easy to drink without compromising on taste . Ironically enough , the moto kano makes an excellent second drink with a bit of richness and personality that the chuuzaiin no okusan lacks . Recommended serving : on the rocks ( just like your last relationship ) .
The interior of the bar has a wonderful cool color scheme which will no doubt be refreshing in the summer heat . The ( mostly female ) staff wear t-shirts with calligraphy designating them as the ima kano or tonari no okusan and so forth for the night . The keyword appears to be freshness all around , even with the food which is standard , meaty izakaya fare .
Gender stereotyping aside , it 's not difficult to recommend Tonari no Okusan for those looking to drink at a mid-level establishment with style , humor and , above all , taste .
Tonari no Okusan , 1F VORT Ebisu II , Hiroo 1-16-2 , Shibuya-ku . Nearest station : Ebisu . Tel : 03-6277-3846 . Mon – Thurs 16:30 – 23:30 , Fri – Sun 16:00 – 23:00. http : //tonaoku.jp
The hiring freeze gives federal agencies room to be more strategic about their workforce and hiring practices . Margot Conrad , director of education and outreach at the Partnership for Public Service , joins Federal Drive with Tom Temin to discuss maintaining and building relationships with colleges and universities for future hiring purposes .
Billy Mitchell has been a polarizing figure in the tight-knit world of classic video game high scores since well before they appeared as Steve Wiebe 's antagonist in the 2007 documentary The King of Kong : A Fistful of Quarters . But the Mitchell doubters got some strong new support on Friday as the Donkey Kong Forum—a popular clearinghouse for tracking performance in the game—removed Mitchell 's best claimed scores from its high-score list .
In a detailed post on the Donkey Kong Forum justifying the decision , moderator and scoreboard maintainer Jeremy `` Xelnia '' Young cites video evidence to suggest that three 1,000,000+ point scores presented by Mitchell were actually set using emulation rather than actual arcade hardware , as Mitchell claimed .
While a real Donkey Kong cabinet generates and displays game scenes in a `` sliding door '' effect , sliding from one side to the other , old versions of MAME instead build entire chunks of a level at once and then display them as a complete screen buffer ( with slight differences as MAME has been updated over the years ) . The difference is noticeable in slow-motion , frame-by-frame analysis of the transitions between Donkey Kong levels . In the analysis , a new stage is first built in pieces after the `` How High Can You Get ? '' interludes .
Comparing slow-motion footage of Mitchell 's videos with those from MAME and authentic cabinets , Young writes , `` show that each of the Donkey Kong world record direct-feed recordings presented by Billy Mitchell and verified by TG were generated in MAME and not by original Donkey Kong hardware . ''
“ The preponderance of evidence ”
The difference between a MAME-set record and one set on an authentic Donkey Kong printed circuit board is n't academic . Besides important differences in timing and controls between the two , MAME allows players to easily record and replay inputs to piece together a record-breaking run from multiple attempts . While there 's no direct evidence that Mitchell did this kind of rerecording , presenting a MAME run as actual arcade gameplay would certainly introduce the possibility of such cheating .
Young cites other reasons to doubt Mitchell 's score submissions . While Mitchell claims all of their 1M+ point scores came from `` direct feed '' off an actual Donkey Kong cabinet , setting up such a direct output from the ancient arcade hardware requires an incredibly complex setup , as laid out by Donkey Kong streamer Chris Gleed . This is why most Donkey Kong scores are confirmed in front of a live audience or using a video camera pointed at the screen , which can also have the benefit of showing the player at the cabinet at the same time .
There is no such footage of Mitchell actually at the controls of a real machine during their three claimed 1M+ point games , including the infamous `` surprise '' footage presented in a climactic scene in The King of Kong . What 's more , there are some significant questions regarding the circumstances under which each score was supposedly created .
A screen recording of Mitchell 's highest claimed DK score of 1.062 million points was only shown publicly at a short press conference event put on by the International Video Game Hall of Fame . The authenticity of that record is mainly propped up by testimony of Todd Rogers , who was recently banned from gaming high-score board Twin Galaxies after evidence they had lied about a long-standing Dragster record on the Atari 2600 .
`` Scores already on the board are always subject to review , and if the preponderance of evidence is against [ one score ] , than the score should be removed , even if no single bit of evidence is a 'smoking gun , ' '' Young writes in the Donkey Kong Forum post . `` In my view , we have reached that point with Billy Mitchell . ''
Fall of a giant ?
Further Reading Court : King of Kong 's Billy Mitchell is n't an exploding , floating cartoon head Mitchell 's various gaming achievements , braggadocious style , and signature American flag tie have made them one of the most recognizable ( and parodied ) professional gamers for years before esports were even a real thing . Their biggest claim to fame in the gaming community remains playing the first perfect game of Pac-Man , an undisputed record which they achieved in 1999 . But Donkey Kong has become a big part of their public persona in recent years , including a ride on a giant Donkey Kong machine at December 's Citrus Bowl parade .
While Mitchell 's Donkey Kong scores were impressive at the time they claimed them , they 've since been surpassed in video-verified runs by numerous players . Mitchell 's highest claimed score only ranked at No . 20 on the Donkey Kong Forum rankings before being removed . As it stands , Mitchell 's highest confirmed score—an impressive 933,900-point performance achieved in front of multiple witnesses at Midwest Gaming Classic in 2004—is the 47th highest score listed on the site .
Mitchell has not responded to a request for comment from Ars Technica . Twin Galaxies—a long-standing video game high-score authority recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records—responded via a forum post by commissioner Dave Hawksett . They wrote that `` Time will be needed for Twin Galaxies to fully review this evidence . We will do this thoroughly and impartially . In the meantime we will continue to observe this discussion by experts in our community . ''
Alexandria , Virginia — Prosecutors say a former CIA case officer betrayed their country by giving a Chinese spy information about human assets and other top-secret information in exchange for $ 25 000 .
But defence lawyers say their client is a loyal American who was merely stringing the Chinese along to try to get them to expose details of their own intelligence operation .
A jury heard opening statements Wednesday in the trial of Kevin Mallory , 60 , of Leesburg , who was working as a self-employed consultant when they returned from Shanghai with more than $ 16 000 in undeclared cash .
Defence attorney Geremy Kamens said Mallory had grown suspicious about a Chinese think tank 's job offer and hatched a plan to feed them phoney documents . They told people at the CIA , but prosecutors said that was just to cover their tracks .
Prosecutor Jennifer Gellie told jurors that Mallory 's scheme unravelled when they were selected for secondary screening at O'Hare Airport in April 2017 on a flight back from Shanghai with their son . There customs agents found $ 16,500 in unreported cash , and they questioned Mallory about the nature of their trip .
The customs agents allowed Mallory entry after assessing a $ 188 tariff on some electronics Mallory said they had purchased . But Gellie said the encounter prompted Mallory to reach out to some old CIA contacts to concoct a cover story for their espionage .
Gellie said Mallory agreed in May 2017 to be questioned about their contacts , and that they were caught off guard during that interview when a Samsung phone given to them by the Chinese displayed text conversations between Mallory and the Chinese recruiter — Mallory had expected the phone 's secure messaging features would keep the conversation hidden , Gellie said .
In one text message , Mallory wrote : `` your object is to gain information , and my object is to be paid . ''
Agents later searched Mallory 's home and found two small computer discs — one balled up in tin foil in a closet box filled with junk .
Gellie said the drives contained secret and top-secret documents , some of which had been sent to the Chinese recruiter on that Samsung phone . One document contained information about human assets , Gellie said .
`` Kevin Mallory chose to pass closely held government secrets to a Chinese government agent , '' Gellie told the jury .
Kamens , though , said Mallory reached out to their old CIA contacts months before they were supposedly spooked by the airport inspection . During testimony Wednesday , a CIA analyst and a CIA contractor testified that Mallory contacted them in February 2017 , two months before the Shanghai flight . One of the two testified that Mallory wanted them to reach out to China contacts in the CIA because they were concerned that the think-tank offer was not on the level . The other testified that they could not recall exactly why Mallory reached out .
`` The only reason we are sitting in this courtroom is Mr Mallory knocked on the front door of the CIA '' to tell them about the offer they received from the Chinese .
The trial is being heard in the Eastern District of Virginia , which is home to the CIA and Pentagon and often plays host to national security and espionage cases . Still , espionage trials are a rarity , given that both sides have strong incentives to reach plea deals . The government is concerned about exposing secrets , while defendants are worried about potentially stiff sentences .
The last espionage-related trial in the Alexandria courthouse came in 2009 when Pentagon official James Fondren was convicted and sentenced to three years in prison for charges involving espionage and making false statements to the FBI . Fondren was convicted of providing classified documents to Tai Shen Kuo , a Taiwanese national who was working for communist China .
Mallory , though , is charged under a different statute that allows for stiffer penalties . The last trial under this specific statute came in 2003 , when defense contractor Brian Patrick Regan was convicted and sentenced to life in prison for offering intelligence to Iraq and China .
Mallory faces up to life in prison .
AP
Nassau – Bahamas Press is reporting that Fire Services are at the scene of a major fire in the area of Minnie St [ north ] . The fire involves several buildings and vehicles . It is the the section where a major lumberyard is located on that street .
All emergency units are on scene .
When it aint the dump its dis…ahhh boy…
Jenna Dewan Tatum is stepping up to the spotlight in Fox 's musical drama pilot Mixtape , our sister site Deadline reports .
From former Smash showrunner Josh Safran , Mixtape follows a diverse group of modern-day Angelenos , focusing on “ the music that defines who they are. ” Dewan Tatum will star as Joanna , described as a “ young professional with everything always under control . She 's the most rational person they know . And yet she 's a little guarded , as if always prepared for the worst . ”
Currently playing host on NBC 's World of Dance , Dewan Tatum has previously held down roles on Lifetime 's Witches of East End and NBC 's The Playboy Club .
Megan Ferguson ( Grace and Frankie ) and Jahmil French ( Degrassi : The Next Generation ) have also been cast in the pilot . That trio joins previously announced cast members Callie Hernandez ( La La Land ) and Madeleine Stowe ( Revenge ) .
Your thoughts on Mixtape 's latest additions ? The pilot in general ? Drop 'em in a comment below .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HEPBURN TOWNSHIP , Pa. -- Volunteers in Lycoming County are n't sure how long it will take for a firefighter to recover after they were critically injured Sunday on the job .
The 62-year-old woman was helping to put out a fire when a truck ran over them
The injured firefighter asked that we not use their name in the story but tells Newswatch 16 she 's doing well .
We spoke with their husband briefly Monday afternoon . The couple who live near Cogan Station tell us they believe what happened Sunday was a complete accident
`` This is a person who is there with you , helping on those calls , and now , they are the person you are there taking care of , '' said Trout Run Fire Chief Bob Whitford .
Video sent in by a viewer shows the helicopter headed to the hospital after the firefighter was struck by a brush truck while battling flames near Cogan Station .
`` The firefighter gets out of the vehicle . I do n't really have all of the details , but ended up getting run over by the vehicle that they were in , '' said Whitford .
According to police , firefighters were dousing a fire in a field when the wind changed and the fire started to head towards a brush truck . A firefighter backed the truck up without seeing the woman standing behind .
Newswatch 16 spoke with the woman 's husband . They say their wife has injuries to their lower body but is doing OK .
Whitford and their firefighters in Trout Run were n't called to the fire , but the chief showed up anyway .
`` The department is down one , at least , if not multiple people , because this type of event causes a lot of stress for everybody . ''
Volunteer firefighters in Hepburn Township are so focused on caring for that firefighter and the others affected by the accident that leaders from across the county are reaching out to help .
`` It 's second nature . They just want to be there to help . ''
Chief Whitford and other local fire department leaders have teamed up to make sure if an emergency happens in Hepburn Township , there will be someone there to take care of it .
`` Whether it 's a tree across the road or it 's a working structure fire , we 've got a plan in place that they are going to have some extra support there while they are recovering from this . ''
Investigators say the fire and the woman 's injuries are both being ruled as accidents .
As for the firefighter , their husband says they hope once they heal she 'll be able to get back to helping others .
41.323376 -77.033418
MACKINAW CITY , Mich. ( AP ) - Officials say underwater photos show two electric cables were severed in what Michigan 's attorney general says was a tugboat anchor strike in the waterway that connects Lake Huron and Lake Michigan .
An investigative team led by the U.S. Coast Guard said Tuesday a remotely controlled vehicle had obtained images of the damage site beneath the Straits of Mackinac . The two severed cables were among six owned by American Transmission Co. that are stretched along the lake floor .
Officials said with the visual assessment finished , the company and its contractors plan to cap the ends of the damaged cables to prevent more pollution . About 600 gallons ( 2,270 liters ) of mineral oil insulation fluid spilled into the water when the cables were struck April 1 .
Crews have removed about 590 gallons ( 2,230 liters ) that did n't leak .
Thomas Rhett and Kelsea Ballerini look like they 're having a blast in a new ABC promotional ad , and maybe it 's because of all the goofy slip-ups and giggling that went on during its filming .
PEOPLE has the outtakes exclusively , but go ahead and call them what they are : bloopers . The two stars – who are touting the three-hour CMA Fest concert special they 're hosting next Wednesday – show off their special chemistry in the footage , as well as their ability to laugh at themselves .
See new dad Thomas Rhett bobble “ enjoy ” ( “ ingest ” ? ) and Ballerini 's merry amusement . Watch Ballerini vamp with a prop long-stemmed rose . And feel sorry for poor Thomas Rhett as they try to sing to a co-starring pooch , probably the only creature on earth who could n't sit still for a personal serenade of “ Star of the Show . ”
“ No one wants to listen to my song ! ” Thomas Rhett laughingly laments as the dog repeatedly walks away .
Thomas Rhett , 27 , and Ballerini , 23 , spent four nights in June co-hosting the series of stadium concerts , the marquee events of the annual CMA Fest in Nashville . About 50,000 fans crowded into Nissan Stadium to gorge on performances by such top stars as Garth Brooks , Blake Shelton , Little Big Town , Eric Church , Keith Urban , Lady Antebellum , Miranda Lambert and Brad Paisley .
RELATED : Celeb Quotes of the Day : Kate Winslet , Salma Hayek & More
Rising stars and some of the brightest newbies – think Brett ( Eldredge and Young ) , Maren Morris , Cole Swindell and Brothers Osborne – also earned stage time .
The four nights of shows have been pared down to the 28 most memorable performances for the three-hour special , “ CMA Fest : the Music Event of the Summer , ” which airs at 8 p.m. ( EDT ) Wednesday on ABC .
APSU baseball 's three-game series resulted in a three-game sweep of the Mu * * ay State Racers in the Heritage Bank Battle of the Border .
Mu * * ay State 2 , APSU 10
Friday March 16
The Govs ( 13-7 , 5-1 Ohio Valley Conference ) started off their series with the Racers by setting the offensive tone with a five-run bottom of the first .
Imani Willis , who is batting 0.500 in conference , blasted a grand slam over the left field fence . The Govs added three more runs in the seventh before topping Mu * * ay State ( 10-10 ; 2-4 OVC ) .
Michael Constanzo recorded nine strikeouts and allowed only two hits in their fourth win of the season .
Mu * * ay State 7 , APSU 8
Saturday , March 17
A Kyle Wilson single knocked along the left field baseline , that scored Andrew Flaherty and Malcolm Tipler , turned into the Game winner for the Govs .
Following the game 's only lead change , the Racers and APSU interchanged runs before Mu * * ay State 's Ramsey Scott struck out swinging to Harley Gollert .
During the 9-frame tilt , Garrett Giovanelli brought in two runs and earned two hits of their own in five plate appearances .
On the mound , Jacques Pucheu started the game off before leaving in the sixth with seven strikeouts . Gollert struck out six of the thirteen batters that visited the plate in their three-plus inning performance .
Mu * * ay State 7 , APSU 19
Sunday , March 18
APSU brought in eight runs in the bottom of the third to complete the sweep of Mu * * ay State . Garrett Kueber knocked a grand slam beyond the right field fence , the second slam of the series , to put APSU ahead by eight after three innings .
The Govs ‘ next OVC match up features a three-game tilt against Tennessee Tech in Cookeville , Tennessee .
2:51 Sindarius Thornwell apologizes , discusses return to action Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson 's 5 goals
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina 's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork & Goal : Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:55 Godspeed , John Glenn : 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
6:35 Hurst , Allen-Williams with key takeaways from bowl game
2:29 Meet George : The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
The Associated Press has photographers around the world . Here are some of the best photos they took in 2016 .
1 of 4 View Captions
( Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune ) Mickey Campbell stands outside their Salt Lake City home , Thursday October 5 , 2017 , ... ( Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune ) Mickey Campbell 's Salt Lake City home , Thursday October 5 , 2017 , where they were told ... ( Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune ) Mickey Campbell 's Salt Lake City home , Thursday October 5 , 2017 , where they were told ... ( Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune ) Mickey Campbell stands outside their Salt Lake City home , Thursday October 5 , 2017 , ...
RIO DE JANEIRO ( AP ) - A Norwegian aluminum maker operating in Brazil is apologizing for polluting a river and promising to make changes so that it does n't happen again .
In a statement Monday , the CEO of Norsk Hydro , Svein Richard Brandtzaeg , called the discharge of rain and surface water into the Para River `` unacceptable . '' Brandtzaeg went on to apologize and say an ongoing environmental review of its practices would be expanded .
The company 's plant is located in the city of Barcarena in the northern state of Para . Last month , residents alerted environmental authorities to a reddish hue in puddles and flooded areas near the river after some heavy rains .
Authorities said they found areas of irregular discharge . The company initially said it had not released untreated water into the environment , then said it would investigate .
Jarring as it may have been to see Texans quarterback Tom Savage lying on the ground with their hands twitching after a brutal hit in the end zone , what happened moments later was every bit as disturbing .
Savage came back onto the field .
The NFL 's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston 's 26-16 loss to the 49ers . Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine that the quarterback did , indeed , have a concussion and remove them from the game .
The fact that Savage was allowed back in after being thrown to the ground by Elvis Dumervil of the 49ers — their hands twitching as they laid directly underneath referee John Hussey — will lead to more questions this week about how the NFL handles head trauma . The NFL requires two trained spotters in the press box , a team doctor and an unaffiliated neurotrauma consultant on the sideline to help diagnose concussions .
“ They try and make the best decision for the player , ” Texans coach Bill O'Brien said .
More to the point was this from Chris Nowinski , a longtime critic of the NFL 's handling of concussions : “ Disgusted that the Houston Texans allowed Tom Savage to return to the game after two plays after showing these horrifying concussion signs ( is that a seizure ? ) after a head impact , ” Nowinski tweeted .
In case you missed it , here are the other top topics after the NFL season 's 14th Sunday :
BIG WIN , BIGGER LOSS : The Eagles clinched the NFC East with a 43-35 win over the Rams , but may have lost quarterback Carson Wentz to a knee injury in the process . Wentz took Mark Barron 's helmet to their left knee while diving into the end zone for a touchdown that was called back because of a holding penalty . Wentz is scheduled to have an MRI on Monday to evaluate the severity of the injury . Two people familiar with the injury told Associated Press that Wentz tore their ACL and would be out for the season . The people did not want their names used because they were not authorized to discuss the injury . Other QBs hurt Sunday were Marcus Mariota of the Titans ( knee ) and Josh McCown of the Jets ( hand ) .
BIG BEN : Ben Roethlisberger became the first quarterback to throw for 500 yards in three games and the Steelers , after squandering an early 14-point lead , rallied from 11 down for a 39-38 win over Baltimore . Roethlisberger 's numbers : 44 for 66 for 506 yards and two touchdowns . Roethlisberger 's previous 500-yard games came in 2014 ( 522 yards vs. Colts ) and 2009 ( 503 vs. Packers ) .
SNOW DAY : Snowball fight ! On a day like this , Bills linebacker Ryan Davis could hardly resist . Davis scooped up handfuls of the white stuff and started pelting teammates to celebrate a sack . It was one of dozens of must-see moments from Buffalo 's 13-7 overtime win over Indianapolis that will be remembered for one thing : snow . Fans built snowmen in the stands , players did snow angels on the field and all 11 members of the Colts special teams — plus some sideline personnel who were later removed from the field by officials — had to kick away piles of ankle-high snow to clear a spot for Adam Vinatieri to try the game-tying extra point late in the fourth quarter .
WALK-OFF WIN : Davante Adams closed out Green Bay 's comeback win over the Browns in style . After catching the pass from Brett Hundley and spinning away , they scooted into the end zone , then kept right on running into the tunnel . Final score : Green Bay 27 , Cleveland 21 . It was Green Bay 's second straight overtime win and it kept the Packers alive in the playoff hunt , at 7-6 , with Aaron Rodgers rounding into health and possibly available to return next week . Oh , and poor Cleveland found yet another way to lose . The Browns led 21-7 with 13 minutes left , but fell to 0-13 .
FINE TIME : The NFL might be getting into some Seahawks ' wallets this week . The Jaguars were taking a knee after icing their 30-24 win over Seattle , but Seahawks defensive tackle Michael Bennett dived at center Brandon Linder 's knees and triggered a fight . Seattle 's Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch , and Fournette went after Bennett . More pushing and shoving ensued after the next kneel-down , and defensive end Quinton Jefferson was tossed . Jefferson tried to climb into the stands after getting hit with what looked like a plastic bottle . Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field .
___
AP Sports Writers Rob Maaddi and Mark Long contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
POLICE have released CCTV footage of a man they believe can help them with their investigation into a car robbery in Ballajura last week .
On March 12 just after midday a woman in their fifties parked their car outside a supermarket on Illawarra Crescent North and Alexander Drive .
When they got out of their car a man approached them and demanded them keys .
They refused and during the struggle they pushed them to the ground before fleeing in their blue 2007 model BMW E90i .
The stolen BMW was found in Middle Swan later that day .
Police wish to speak to the man in the above video who they believe can assist them with their investigation into the robbery .
They are believed to be in their early thirties , fair skinned , about 183cms tall , with a slim build , clean shaven and dark brown hair .
They were wearing a dark coloured polo t-shirt , shorts , shoes , a light coloured baseball cap and sunglasses .
Anyone with information on the robbery can call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .
KNOLSKAPE expands its global consulting team
Enhanced solutions ' consulting team positions KNOLSKAPE to better service customers ' growing learning needs
Bengaluru Tuesday , April 24 , 2018
KNOLSKAPE , a leading provider of talent transformation solutions for the modern workplace , is proud to announce another milestone for the company . Committed to service the growing learning needs of the world 's largest corporates , KNOLSKAPE announces the expansion of their solutions consulting team across their offices in Singapore , Kuala Lumpur , Bangalore , Delhi and Mumbai .
The expanded team includes five key hires , who come with diverse corporate experience , and have worked with some of the largest corporations in various industries , across the globe . Collectively , the team comes with experience in human resource management and consulting , strategic HR and Leadership , capability development , succession planning , organizational culture and climate , workplace assessment , facilitation , psychometric testing and assessment , statistical modelling , and program evaluation .
This team 's growth is well matched with KNOLSKAPE ‘ exponential global expansion planned in the year 2018-2019 . Investing resources in expanding the global solutions consulting team will allow KNOLSKAPE to better anticipate learning needs of organizations across the globe and deliver learning solutions to support just-in-time , accelerated results for capability development , preparing global workforces for the Digital Age .
“ KNOLSKAPE has always believed in personalized and accelerated learning , and customer needs are growing ; to ensure that we continue to provide the same experience for all our customers as we focus on exponential business growth at a global level , having the right team is important . I am very excited about ournew regime , because they possess a diverse mix of capabilities , and are already adding tremendous value to our clients , ” states Rajiv Jayaraman , Founder and CEO at KNOLSKAPE .
About KNOLSKAPE
KNOLSKAPE is an end-to-end learning and assessment platform for “ accelerated employee development ” . By leveraging experiential technologies , industry and business contextualization , and rich talent analytics , KNOLSKAPE can accelerate learning and development in an engaging manner to help improve business performance .
More than 300 clients in 20 countries have benefited from KNOLSKAPE 's award-winning experiential solutions . Using artificial intelligence , business simulations , gamification , machines learning , mobile , videos and virtual reality , KNOLSKAPE delivers transformative experiences for the modern learner and the modern workplace .
KNOLSKAPE is a 120+ strong team with offices in Singapore , India , Malaysia , and USA serving a rapidly growing global client base across industries such as banking and finance , consulting , IT , FMCG , retail , manufacturing , infrastructure , pharmaceuticals , engineering , auto , government and academia .
KNOLSKAPE is a global Top 20 gamification company , recipient of Brandon Hall awards , and has been recognized as a company to watch for in the Talent Management Space , by Frost & Sullivan , and as a disruptor in the learning space , by Bersin by Deloitte .
For any business with an online presence , the key to increasing site traffic , as well as , increasing sales and profits , is by utilizing search engine optimization . The way to do this is by educating yourself on what tactics do and do not work in terms of optimizing your site and increasing search page rank . This article contains a number of search engine optimization tips .
If your page is undergoing a search engine optimization makeover , you will probably try to include your keywords more often in your text . However , you must keep your text natural and readable . If the inclusion of keywords interrupts your writing style , it makes the site 's text look unprofessional . Take your time and be creative when you increase the number of keywords in the site 's content .
Using flash files is not a good idea for search engine optimization . Be aware of using flash as it can be very slow to load , and users will get frustrated . In addition , search engine spiders will not read keywords that are found in flash files .
When optimizing your website , be sure to optimize your description meta tag as well . Some experts believe that keyword meta tags are nearly worthless today , as search engines no longer use them , but that descriptions will usually show up under your page title on the results page , and they are also involved in the indexing process .
On your website , always include an address where people can send letters , questions or concerns about your company . The more feedback that you get , the better understanding you will have of what your customer 's preferences are . This will allow you to maximize your productivity and appeal to your client 's interests .
By careful and attentive tweaking of website content and page tags , webmasters can greatly boost their websites ' position on search engine results pages . It is important that they earn these favored positions , though . A site that is tweaked into high standing on the results pages will get a lot of traffic - but it will not keep any of it if its content is sub-par . Content is king .
Study popular websites to see what techniques they are using to optimize their websites for search engines . They probably offer special features or resources that set them apart from other sites . They most likely have an intricate navigation system . Duplicate some of their ideas on your site so that it is viable against your competition .
Unfortunately , there are some great technical aspects of websites that can hurt your search engine optimization . For instance , you should avoid Flash plug-ins if you can allow it . Flash uses images , and search engines only read a site 's text to determine its relevance . Even if you have great text content within Flash , most search engines wo n't be able to detect it .
Remember to search engine optimize your articles before publishing them . By including keywords in the title and body of an article on your website , you can increase your website 's search engine results page rank . The higher your website 's page rank , the more targeted , organic visitors you will get to your website .
Use high quality keywords to improve your website hits . Putting keywords in places like the title tag and page header will allow your website to show up on more searches . Be careful not to overdo it , however . Search engines look for excessive or meaningless keywords and mark the website as spam .
Jewelry can be a very fashionable accessory , but it will also collect a lot of bacteria during the course of the day . Clean your jewelry frequently , regardless of where it is on your body . This will help to ensure that you are minimizing the amount of bacteria that comes in contact with your skin .
Using analytic tools will help the savvy webmaster judge the effectiveness of their or their search engine optimization . Analytic tools can show exactly what keywords searchers used to locate the webmaster 's site . This allows the webmaster to tailor their or their SEO strategy even further and focus on those keywords that have proven most effective .
As was mentioned before , SEO is essential for getting the largest number of site visitors . By having your website show up in a web search , you are helping to increase traffic to your page . You should be more aware of the process now thanks to this article .
VOL . 41 | NO . 6 | Friday , February 10 , 2017
NORTH CHARLESTON , S.C. ( AP ) — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing 's South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize , writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South .
The first round of voting began early Wednesday . A second round of voting was set for Wednesday afternoon to accommodate all the employees .
If successful , the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas . And , to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states ' lack of union presence , it 'd make their jobs more difficult .
But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers . The global aviation giant , which came to South Carolina in part because of the state 's minuscule union presence , did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages .
`` It is an economic development tool , '' Gov . Nikki Haley , now President Donald Trump 's ambassador to the United Nations , said in a 2012 address of how they sold companies on why they should come to the state . `` We 'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed , not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina . ''
At least that part of the tactic has worked . While some South Carolina workers have representation — just about 52,000 , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics ' 2016 figures — most do n't . Other major manufacturers in the state , including BMW and Michelin , are n't unionized or have n't experienced major campaigns to do so . The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference .
Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions , which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms , said Jeffrey Hirsch , a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater impact on the general view of labor in the South than efforts by autoworkers to unionize Volkswagen in Chattanooga , Tennessee , as a foothold for organizing other Southern car plants . Anti-union advocates could always cite VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company 's board of directors , Hirsch said .
`` Boeing is very , very different , '' Hirsch said . `` No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union . ''
A `` yes '' vote would be meaningful throughout the region , said Daniel Cornfield , sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University . `` Given the dynamism of industrialization in the Southern region now , especially the development ... of the U.S. automotive industry , any type of heavy-industry union victory would certainly inspire other workers in related industrial sectors in the South to think about unionizing . ''
What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company 's silence over consequences for workers .
`` The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization , '' they said . `` It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether . ''
Boeing already may have abstained from those kinds of threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts . Threatening to move manufacturing would come after Trump blasted Boeing for its cost of building a new presidential Air Force One for future presidents .
`` Costs are out of control , '' Trump tweeted in early December . `` Cancel order ! ''
Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later .
`` Given the recent pronouncements of President Trump about keeping manufacturing in the United States , '' Cornfield said , `` it would be interesting and an ironic twist that President Trump is possibly defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization by encouraging companies to stay in the United States , giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period . ''
Catherine Templeton , South Carolina 's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer , is no stranger to this fight . When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina 's labor department , the governor played up Templeton 's union-fighting background and saying they needed their help to `` fight the unions '' at Boeing .
`` They can not legally deliver higher wages , better benefits or a different working environment . Even if they are promising it , they certainly ca n't deliver it , '' Templeton said .
On Monday , in a final gathering before the vote , several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the Boeing plant , hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote `` yes '' on Wednesday .
`` Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina , '' Machinists organizer Mike Evans said , to cheers from the crowd . `` It 's not going to be this way anymore . ''
MANILA , Philippines ( AP ) — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte asked Congress on Monday to extend the martial law they declared in the country 's south by one year to ensure the “ total eradication ” of pro-Islamic State group extremists , warning they plan more uprisings after an unsuccessful but disastrous siege of Marawi city .
Duterte said the remaining militants still hope to establish a caliphate in the Philippines and Southeast Asia after government forces killed more than 900 fighters and quelled the five-month Marawi siege in October .
Left-wing and pro-democracy groups have protested Duterte 's imposition of martial law because of human rights concerns , but the Supreme Court has upheld its legality .
In a letter to the Senate and the House of Representatives , Duterte said extending martial law in the southern Mindanao region through the end of 2018 would allow government forces to press offensives against other armed groups , including the Abu Sayyaf and communist guerrillas , who have intensified attacks .
Despite the killing of Isnilon Hapilon , long wanted by the United States and the Philippines , and other leaders of the Marawi attack , “ the remnants of their groups have continued to rebuild their organization through the recruitment and training of new members and fighters to carry on the rebellion , ” Duterte said in their letter , which was provided to reporters .
The Marawi violence displaced about half a million people and turned mosque-studded Marawi 's central business and residential districts into a smoldering war zone .
The uprising that began on May 23 prompted Duterte to declare martial law and reinforced fears that the Islamic State group was taking steps to gain a foothold in Asia and elsewhere as it faced battle setbacks in Syria and Iraq .
Some gunmen and commanders managed to escape during the fighting , the military said .
One of the militants who might replace Hapilon , Esmail Abdulmalik , who uses the nom de guerre Abu Turaife , has been monitored to be planning bombings in the south , Duterte said . An IS-linked faction in another militant band , the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Group , has intensified roadside bombings and attacks on troops .
Communist New People 's Army guerrillas , meanwhile , have taken advantage of the military 's preoccupation with Muslim extremists and increased their attacks on troops and businesses in the south , killing 41 government security personnel and destroying at least 2.2 billion pesos ( $ 43 million ) in property , Duterte said .
The threats continue to make the south a “ hotbed of rebellion , ” they said .
Duterte has called off peace talks with the Maoist rebels to protest their attacks and moved to designate them as terrorists under the law .
They have indicated , however , that they are still open to a resumption of talks if the communist insurgents stop their assaults . “ Let 's give time for a cooling off with the Communist Party of the Philippines , ” Duterte said in a speech last week .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
BEIRUT ( AP ) — An air raid has struck several cars in northwestern Syria , killing at least eight people , including al-Qaida-linked fighters and a senior commander with a Chinese Islamic militant faction , an activist group and a local jihadi commander said Monday .
The attack occurred late Sunday on a road leading from the town of Sarmada to the Bab al-Hawa area on the border with Turkey , said the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a local commander with the Fatah al-Sham Front , an al-Qaida-linked group . The militant spoke via text messages on condition of anonymity because of security concerns .
It was not immediately clear who was behind the attack , but the Observatory 's chief Rami Abdurrahman said it is widely believed to have been carried out by the U.S.-led coalition .
The U.S. has killed some of al-Qaida 's most senior commanders in Syria over the past two years in airstrikes . Those targeted included members of the so-called Khorasan group , which Washington describes as an internal branch of al-Qaida that plans attacks against Western interests .
The Observatory said eight people were killed in the airstrike , including three jihadi commanders . The dead include a senior al-Qaida commander known as Khattab al-Qahtani , who was from the Gulf region and fought for the group in Afghanistan .
Abu Omar al-Turkistani , a top commander with the Turkistan Islamic Party , and a Syrian al-Qaida commander known as Abu Muatasem al-Deiri , were also killed . The Turkistan Islamic Party mainly consists of minority Uighurs from China , many of whom have traveled to Syria to help battle President Bashar Assad 's forces alongside other jihadi groups .
The Fatah al-Sham commander confirmed that several people were killed , including al-Qahtani and al-Turkistani . They said the attack was most likely carried out by drones .
A video posted online by the Syrian Civil Defense search-and-rescue group , also known as the White Helmets , showed rescue workers spraying a car with fire extinguishers as a body was removed and placed in a black bag . The video appeared genuine and corresponded to other Associated Press reporting .
Earlier Monday , Syria 's state news agency said al-Qaida militants knocked out electricity towers near the capital , causing power cuts in a southern province . SANA said Fatah al-Sham fighters bombed three towers southwest of Damascus , causing electricity cuts in the Quneitra region .
The report came as a cease-fire brokered by Russia and Turkey held for the fourth day amid sporadic violations . Fighting has raged in the water-rich Barada Valley northwest of Damascus over the past two weeks .
The Fatah al-Sham Front , previously known as the Nusra Front , and the Islamic State group are not included in the truce .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Five Gloucestershire businesses have donated to get charity team Egg Chasers Rugby off the ground in a show of rugby spirit , bringing founder Andy Jarrett 's brain child a step closer to fruition .
Andy Jarrett , the team founder , decided to start a veteran Barbarian team after finding out that their friend Mike Crisp , who they played with at county level , was diagnosed with Motor Neurone Disease .
Scotland legend Doddie Weir was diagnosed with the same condition and has been raising the profile and knowledge of MND with the help of many rugby legends .
AJC Electrics , Gloucester Biltong , Go Travel , On Toast and Blue Bamboo have been able to dig deep in order to fund the teams kit which will be going all over the South West with their only aim to raise money for Motor Neurone Disease Association with a team of veterans from the area .
Jarrett said : “ I 've always thought about starting a charity rugby team for a long time now , but after finding out about Mike Crisp 's diagnosis I needed to make the leap of faith and with thanks to the rugby family it has really taken off .
“ Mike is a Cheltenham Rugby stalwart and now I want to both raise money for and knowledge of MNDA . ”
When Jarrett started off it was themselves and social media but they designed a logo and a couple of friends started to help run the operation .
In a matter of weeks of sending emails the local businesses started to dig deep .
Jarrett said : “ To say I was beyond myself with happiness would be putting it lightly , it really goes to show how giving people are and how the sport of rugby is at the centre of the community I can not thank our sponsors enough . ”
When it comes to getting veteran players to put their boots back on the response was bigger and almost instant .
“ I now have a compliment of players from all over from the local Dowty , Old Richians and Stroud to Cinderford , Pontypool and Bristol with more in the works , and they will be representing our team as ambassadors , ” said Jarrett .
“ I do not think it takes much to ask ex-players to lace up the boots again they only need a little excuse . ”
The first match will be against Cheltenham which will be a team built up by Mike Crisp themselves in October and everything is moving forward to their official first test match .
Jarrett added : “ We are only awaiting the fixture dates for Cheltenham 's 2018-19 season and we will then link up , hopefully we 'll get a couple of sevens games during the summer to stretch out tired legs .
You can follow the team movements on Facebook Egg Chasers Rugby and Twitter EggChasersXV if you want any more information you can contact them eggchasersinfo @ gmail.com
A quick-moving line of showers with a few embedded thunderstorms brought mostly light rain amounts to the News3 viewing area this morning . Once the frontal system passes on to the east , skies will be able to clear and this brief interruption in a fine week of weather will give way to sunny days the rest of the week .
Columbus received a mere .23″ of rain as the showers passed through the city between 6:30 and 8:00 AM . The early morning arrival of this weakening system helped to hold down the intensity of the storms in this area , and no severe weather was reported . Parts of southeast Georgia could wind up with stronger storms later today helped by daytime heating in those areas still ahead of the advancing system .
A surface low passed nearly overhead this morning , and now that our area is behind the trailing front we can look for cooler , drier air to surge in on brisk northerly winds this afternoon , and skies will eventually clear by evening . Temperatures will drop into the 30s overnight , then a couple of pleasant springlike days are ahead for Thursday and Friday before the next system brings a chance of rain Saturday .
Exclusive First Alert local forecast and webcast
Mayor Michelle De La Isla announced the “ Mayor 's Task Force against Domestic Violence ” for Topeka and Shawnee County Monday morning .
“ The Mayor 's Task Force against Domestic Violence is a project that is very close to my heart . The YWCA helped me get out of an abusive relationship and I believe that this task force will help many other women get out of harmful situations , ” Mayor De La Isla said . “ I believe that stopping domestic violence and abuse is key to improving people 's lives and improving the City of Topeka . Together with our partners we can all help to end domestic violence in this community . ”
The task force is made up of representatives across the criminal justice system as well as community service agencies including Topeka Police Department , Shawnee County Sheriff 's Office , the YWCA Center for Safety and Empowerment , Shawnee County District Attorney 's Office , Shawnee County Court Services , local Batterer 's Intervention Programs , Washburn University , Department of Children and Families , Valeo Behavioral Health , and
Stormont Vail Hospital .
These agencies join together with the purpose of increasing victim safety , offender accountability , and community awareness . These agencies are committed to eradicating the problem of domestic violence and are willing to hold themselves and each other accountable .
Kathleen Marker “ We know our communities are safer when we work together , ” said the YWCA 's Kathleen Marker .
“ The YWCA Northeast Kansas is proud to be a part of this large collaborative effort to ensure women , children and families are guaranteed access to justice and services that keep them safe . ”
BEIRUT ( AP ) — The Latest on the developments in Syria ( all times local ) :
4 p.m .
A Syrian opposition monitoring group says government forces have entered the eastern town of Mayadeen , a main stronghold of the Islamic State group in Syria .
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said government forces and allied militiamen entered western parts of Mayadeen including the wheat silos compound and the sheep market .
Syrian troops have been marching for days toward Mayadeen under the cover of intense Russian airstrikes and bombardment by government artillery and multiple rocket launchers .
Omar Abou Leila , of the monitoring group DeirEzzor 24 , said they can not confirm or deny the report , adding that it is possible that troops had entered the town given their days-long advance .
Airstrikes on Mayadeen , one of IS 's last strongholds in Syria , and nearby areas over the past days have killed and wounded scores of people .
___
3 p.m .
The Russian military says one of its helicopters was forced to make an emergency landing in Syria after a malfunction on the aircraft but that its two-member crew was unhurt and returned to base .
The Defense Ministry said the Mi-28 helicopter gunship made an emergency landing in Syria 's central Hama province on Friday due to a technical malfunction .
Its two crewmen were not injured and were subsequently flown back to base .
The ministry says the helicopter had not been fired upon . The statement rejected a claim by the militant Aamaq news agency run by the Islamic State group , which said that a Russian helicopter was downed south of Shiekh Hilal village in the eastern Hama countryside .
___
2:10 p.m .
The Russian military is accusing the United States of turning a blind eye and effectively providing cover to the Islamic State group 's operations in an area in Syria that is under U.S. control .
The Russian Defense Ministry spokesperson , Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov , said on Friday that IS militants have used the area around the town of Tanf near Syria 's border with Jordan — where U.S. military instructors are also stationed — to launch attacks against the Syrian army .
They say the area has become a “ black hole , ” posing a threat to Syrian army 's offensive against the IS in eastern Der el-Zour province .
The Russian accusations likely reflect rising tensions as U.S.-backed Syrian forces and the Russian-backed Syrian army — both of which are battling IS — race for control of oil and gas-rich areas of eastern Syria .
___
11 a.m .
Syrian opposition activists say 15 civilians including children have been killed when a missile slammed into a government-held besieged neighborhood in the eastern city of Deir el-Zour .
The DeirEzzor 24 monitoring group said the missile hit near a school Thursday evening in the Qusour neighborhood . Among those killed were three children and three women , it said Friday , blaming the Islamic State group for the attack .
It said the attack destroyed the school and a nearby residential building .
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also reported the incident , putting the number of civilians killed at 13 .
Syrian troops broke a nearly three-year siege on parts of Deir el-Zour last month and are fighting to liberate from IS remaining parts of the city .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
SARASOTA , Fla. ( AP ) — Authorities say a 37-year-old Florida woman ran a drug flop house , charging a “ cover fee of drugs ” to enter the home .
Danielle Baggett was arrested April 11 on a charge of running a nuisance dwelling after Sarasota County Sheriff 's deputies responded to seven overdoses , including their own .
The Bradenton Herald ( http : //bit.ly/2oHQ02d ) reports investigators began looking into a surge of heroin and fentanyl overdoses at the home in August 2016 . An affidavit says Baggett assured deputies they were trying to “ clean up ” illegal activities at the house . But the overdoses continued as deputies responded to the home 33 times before their arrest .
An affidavit says victims told investigators Baggett created an environment “ for everyone to get high . ”
Advertisement
Baggett bonded out of jail . Records do n't list an attorney for them
As you collect gifts for loved ones on your list , you may find yourself increasingly tempted to pick up a few items for yourself . Between sale prices and the jolt of pleasure you receive when you acquire something new , the holiday season can be a perilous time for your budget . It 's also much easier to purchase items for yourself than it is to make thoughtful gift selections for others .
In fact , half of the respondents to Deloitte 's annual holiday survey said they planned to pick up gifts for themselves as they shopped for others , with 65 percent of holiday budgets going toward clothing , home furnishings and social events .
While not all these expenses can be considered self-gifts , they certainly represent a disproportionate amount of money being spent on personal pursuits .
Identifying ways to avoid self-gifting is key to staying on budget and reestablishing the holidays as a season of giving , not getting . Test-drive the following strategies the next time you feel tempted to treat yourself .
Recognize the game . Retail stores are purposefully placing products and platforms in their stores to increase impulse purchases . Sodas and candy bars are n't the only customer concerns at checkout these days , with such stores as T.J. Maxx lining checkout aisles with everything from candles to kitchen goods . This season , both Target and JCPenney have kiosks featuring inexpensive items , including festive socks , beauty products and coloring books . Recognizing the strategies retailers use to tempt you into making additional purchases can help you keep your distance from them . When you find yourself reaching for an unplanned purchase , make a note of the item and walk away . It 's likely the urgency to make the purchase will disappear as soon as you leave the store . ( Photo : AP ) [ See : 12 Shopping Tricks to Keep You Under Budget . ]
[ See : Prepare Your Finances for the Holidays . ]
More from U.S. News
Do 's and Don'ts of Shopping for Skin Care Products
10 Money-Saving Websites to Check Before Shopping
10 Creative Ways to Cut Costs This Winter
8 Tips for Avoiding Self-Gifting This Holiday Season originally appeared on usnews.com
A decade after the success of 1920 , Vikram Bhatt will be directing 1921 , the trailer of which will release today . The spine-chilling trailer features the lead cast Karan Kundra and Zarine Khan .
The Vikram Bhatt directed horror film revolves around Ayush ( Karan Kundrra ) & Rose ( Zareen Khan ) . Based in the year 1921 the film deals with Ayush & Rose 's battle with extreme paranormal activities created by a ruthless and cursed spirit that would lead them to their ultimate redemption or downfall .
Motion Picture Capital presents a Loneranger and Reliance Entertainment Production , written and directed by Vikram Bhatt .
Watch the trailer right here :
Trending
Director Vikram Bhatt says they will set a new precedent as far as the horror genre in Bollywood is concerned . Actress Zarine Khan is headlining the film 's cast with actor Karan Kundra .
“ The point is to just not scare but to make the audience feel for the characters and to want them protected . 1921 is a film that goes beyond the genre . Why ca n't the villain of a great love be a great evil , ” Bhatt said of the film , in a statement .
The film revolves around the lead cast dealing with their dark pasts and secrets to secure their present and future . It is a struggle between life and death and is based entirely in Britain .
This is not Bhatt 's first tryst with the horror genre . They have worked on the Raaz series , Haunted 3D and 1920 franchise , among others .
The film 1921 , like 1920 , will have a strong romantic and emotional premise between the lead pair .
On the work front , Zareen Khan was last seen in Aksar 2 which failed miserably at the box office while Karan Kundra was seen in Mubarakan which turned out good at the box office .
By Sarah Stockman
Staff Writer
One sunny morning in February I sat in my kitchen waiting for the doorbell to ring . Any minute Palisadian Reed Newman would arrive to tell me about their vegetable garden growing company Revival Roots .
Normally when I interview someone we meet at a neutral location like Starbucks . However , I had taken Newman up on their offer on NextDoor for free garden consultations since I was curious how their company worked .
There was potentially one small hiccup : I live with my parents so I had to ask permission to invite them over . Luckily they did n't have any problems . “ Ask them about replacing sprinklers , ” my mom told me . “ Tell them to bring us some free plants , ” my dad added .
And so I found myself waiting one Tuesday morning for Newman 's arrival .
Newman , 24 , grew up in West Los Angeles and Santa Monica Canyon with their twin older siblings and their parents Jeanne and Gary , who are in the entertainment industry .
“ We grew up in West Los Angeles and moved to Santa Monica Canyon about six years ago , ” Newman said .
STOCKHOLM ( AP ) — An American scientist who shared this year 's Nobel Prize for medicine bluntly criticized political developments at home in their address at the awards ' gala banquet , saying that U.S. scientists are facing funding cutbacks that will hurt research .
Michael Rosbash , who was honored for their work on circadian rhythms — commonly called the body clock — expressed concern that U.S. government funding such as that received by them and Nobel colleagues Jeffrey Hall and Michael Young is endangered .
“ We benefited from an enlightened period in the postwar United States . Our National Institutes of Health have enthusiastically and generously supported basic research … ( but ) the current climate in the U.S. is a warning that continued support can not be taken for granted , ” Rosbash said in a short speech Sunday night at Stockholm 's ornate city hall .
The 2018 federal budget proposed by President Donald Trump calls for cutting science funding by billions of dollars .
Advertisement
“ Also in danger is the pluralistic America into which all three of us of born were born and raised after World War II , ” Rosbash said . “ Immigrants and foreigners have always been an indispensable part of our country , including its great record in scientific research . ”
Literature laureate Kazuo Ishiguro of Britain expressed concern about increasing tensions between social factions .
“ We live today in a time of growing tribal enmities of communities fracturing into bitterly opposed groups , ” said Ishiguro , who was born in Japan .
They said Nobel prizes can counterbalance such animosity .
“ The pride we feel when someone from our nation wins a Nobel prize is different from the one we feel witnessing one of our athletes winning an Olympic medal . We do n't feel the pride of our tribe demonstrating superiority over other tribes . Rather it 's the pride that from knowing that one of us has made a significant contribution to our common human endeavor , ” they said .
In the Norwegian capital of Oslo , a survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima compared their struggle to survive in 1945 to the objectives of the group awarded this year 's Nobel 's Peace Prize .
Setsuko Thurlow , who was 13 when the U.S. bomb devastated their Japanese city during the final weeks of World War II , spoke as a leading activist with the Nobel-winning International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons .
Thurlow said the Hiroshima blast left them buried under the rubble , but they were able to see light and crawl to safety . In the same way , the campaign to which they belong is a driving force behind an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons , they said after ICAN received the Nobel prize it won in October .
“ Our light now is the ban treaty , ” Thurlow said . “ I repeat those words that I heard called to me in the ruins of Hiroshima : ‘ Do n't give up . Keep pushing . See the light ? Crawl toward it . ' ”
The treaty has been signed by 56 countries — none of them nuclear powers — and ratified by only three . To become binding it requires ratification by 50 countries .
ICAN Executive Director Beatrice Fihn , who accepted the prize along with Thurlow , said that while the treaty is far from ratification “ now , at long last , we have an unequivocal norm against nuclear weapons . ”
“ This is the way forward . There is only one way to prevent the use of nuclear weapons — prohibit and eliminate them , ” Fihn said .
The prize winners were announced in October . All except the peace prize were awarded in Sweden on Sunday .
The other laureates were American Richard Thaler for their work in behavioral economics ; American physicists Kip Thorne , Rainer Weiss and Barry Barish for confirming the existence of gravity waves ; and Jacques Dubochet of Switzerland , American Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson of the United Kingdom for advances in electron microscopy .
___
Heintz reported from Moscow .
Just as Microsoft gets rid of one Windows SKU , it seems to have created another one to take its place . The short-lived Windows 10 S version has been replaced by a mode that can be applied to regular Windows , but it appears that there is already a successor : the latest Insider preview build for Redstone 5 , due for release in the second half of this year , has an installation option for `` Windows 10 Lean , '' as found by Lucan .
Windows 10 Lean appears to live up to its name : an installation is about 2GB smaller than Windows 10 Pro , and it is missing a bunch of things , such as desktop wallpaper , Registry Editor , the MMC management console , and more . Lucan reports that Lean does not seem to apply the same restrictions as S Mode , and as such it is capable of running both Universal Windows Programs from the Store and traditional Win32 applications .
What 's unclear is precisely who this Lean version is for . Saving disk space is certainly welcome , though on most PC-type devices , an extra 2GB is n't really going to make or break anything . It would be more important on a mobile device , but Lucan is certain that Windows 10 Lean is not some precursor to the operating system for the mythical Microsoft Andromeda device .
It also seems unlikely that `` Lean '' is going to be the final branding . While `` Lean '' is the name used during installation , the branding within the operating system is still `` Windows 10 S. '' We 'd expect this to change once the purpose becomes clearer .
Meet Archie , the baby boy born without eyes The West Australian
Their condition is so rare , he 's one of only two recorded cases in the world .
BERLIN , April 29 Bayern Munich secured a record-extending fifth consecutive Bundesliga title on Saturday after beating VfL Wolfsburg 6-0 to open up an unassailable 10-point lead with three matches remaining .
The Bavarians are on 73 points with RB Leipzig in second place on 63 after they were held to a goalless draw by Ingolstadt earlier in the day . ( Reporting by Karolos Grohmann ; Editing by Clare Fallon )
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. ( AP ) — Underground pockets of boiling water and steam in a northern New Mexico national preserve that represent the heart of an ancient collapsed volcano could get extra federal protection under a new effort by the National Park Service aimed at limiting or preventing tapping the geothermal energy from neighboring land .
Federal officials said last week that the Valles Caldera National Preserve would become the 17th U.S. park unit with designated thermal features if approved . A monthlong public comment period will end Jan. 26 .
Yellowstone , Crater Lake and Hawaii volcanoes already are on the list of parks with federally protected geothermal features .
Dubbed the “ Yellowstone of the Southwest , ” Valles Calderas is home to vast grasslands , the remnants of one of North America 's few super volcanoes and one of New Mexico 's most famous elk herds . The bear-claw shaped ring of mountain peaks that form the caldera also is culturally significant to neighboring Native American tribes .
Advertisement
Its visible geothermal features are nowhere near as striking as Yellowstone 's geysers and consist mainly of above-ground , pungent smelling sulphur springs .
The nearly 140-square-mile preserve was purchased by the federal government in 2000 and managed as a working ranch for years . The Park Service took over preserve management in 2015 .
The last privately-owned mineral rights within the preserve were taken over by the federal government about a decade ago to protect against geothermal development within Valles Caldera 's boundaries .
Park officials said the proposed designation would address geothermal development just outside the preserve 's boundaries by requiring federal agencies to work with the Park Service to determine if proposed drilling to tap adjacent geothermal resources would adversely affect the preserve 's geothermal reserves .
The idea of tapping the steam beneath the preserve dates back decades , with the energy crisis of the 1970s spurring the first major wave of interest in the nation 's geothermal resources .
The U.S. Department of Energy , Union Oil Co. and Public Service Co. of New Mexico spent millions of dollars looking into the feasibility of developing a geothermal power plant on what was then private property . The idea was ultimately abandoned in the 1980s .
Experts have said the caldera is still hot enough to produce steam and could generate electricity if harnessed .
In 2005 , Texas-based GeoProducts — which owned the last of the private rights — threatened that unless the government agreed to what the mineral rights owners believed was a fair market price , the company would build a full-scale geothermal power plant in the southwest corner of the preserve , along with transmission lines to export the electricity .
Later that year , then-President George Bush signed legislation aimed at settling the dispute over the mineral rights . Government lawyers followed up with a condemnation lawsuit that gave the government control over the mineral rights needed to tap the park 's geothermal reserves .
Interest in New Mexico 's geothermal resources has increased again recently as the state works to wean itself from fossil fuels and boost renewable energy development .
In 2012 , Gov . Susana Martinez signed legislation to ease the process for companies trying to develop geothermal resources .
More recently , another effort to encourage geothermal development happened when regulatory authority was shifted from the state 's Oil Conservation Division to the Energy Conservation and Management Division .
The state 's first utility-scale geothermal power plant opened in 2014 in southern New Mexico and supplies power to Public Service Co. of New Mexico , the state 's largest electricity utility .
CSM Live , an arm of the marketing and consultancy company headed by International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) President Sebastian Coe , has been announced as a partner of the Glasgow 2018 European Championships .
The company will act as Official Provider of Event Look Services for the event , which is featuring combined European Championships for aquatics , cycling , gymnastics , rowing and triathlon as well as a new golf team event .
They will be responsible for helping to ensure that the `` Championships look fantastic and that the experience for fans , competitors and all involved will be one not to forget in a hurry '' .
This will include providing scoping , production , installation and project management of the event look and feel .
`` The Championships are nearly here and the atmosphere is building steadily in the run-up to the first event , '' said Glasgow 2018 Championships director Colin Hartley .
`` The look and feel of the competition and the city branding are a big part of the experience for sports fans , spectators and visitors .
`` We 're looking forward to working with CSM , and all our partners , to make this a vibrant and unforgettable experience . ''
CSM Live are repeating a role that they also undertook , under the former name ICON , at events including the London 2012 Olympic Games and the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games .
CSM Live were involved in the look of the Games at events including London 2012 ©Glasgow 2018
Coe is the Executive Chairman of CSM , of which CSM Live is a subsidiary .
`` We 're excited to be part of the inaugural European Championships , helping bring the event to life in Glasgow this August , '' said CSM Live chief executive Alastair Bewick .
`` It 's all set to be a fantastic new multi-sport event , and we 're looking forward to helping the fans connect with the Championships through the bold look and feel in the venues and across the city . ”
CSM Live joins other sponsors such as Strathmore , Atos , Gleneagles , Harper Macleod LLP , Aggreko and Glasgow Airport .
The European Athletics Championships is also taking place at the same time in Berlin , but it does not appear that CSM is playing any role there .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Jason Spezza scored in the shootout , and the Dallas Stars snapped a three-game losing streak by defeating the New York Rangers 2-1 on Monday night .
Kari Lehtonen made 24 saves for Dallas in the opener of its four-game East Coast road trip against the Metropolitan Division . Julius Honka scored in the second period .
The Stars had a 1-0 lead before Rick Nash tied it for the Rangers when they tipped in Brady Skjei 's wrist shot with 3:41 left in regulation . Nash made contact with Lehtonen but the Stars goalie was well outside the blue paint . Coach Ken Hitchcock challenged the play , but the referees ruled there was no goaltender interference .
Honka drove a slap shot past Ondrej Pavelec at 6:30 of the second for their first of the season . The 2014 first-round pick rejoined the lineup after sitting for the previous three games .
Advertisement
Pavelec finished with 44 saves , keeping New York in the game . The Rangers also killed off three power plays in the second period .
New York generated very little offensive pressure for most of the night . J.T . Miller had a breakaway opportunity at 8:46 of the second , but came up empty .
NOTES : Rangers C Mika Zibanejad missed their sixth consecutive game due to a concussion . Zibanejad has been skating on their own and participated in New York 's morning skate , but has not been cleared for contact . … New York D Marc Staal skated in their 719th game , tying Andy Bathgate for 11th place on the franchise 's career games list . … Stars F Jason Dickinson , who was recalled from the minors over the weekend , played on Dallas ' fourth line . … Dallas F Antoine Roussel was held out after suffering an upper-body injury against the Golden Knights on Saturday .
UP NEXT
Rangers : Visit the Ottawa Senators on Wednesday .
Stars : Visit the New York Islanders on Wednesday .
By The Associated Press
Edmonton 0 0 0—0 Toronto 1 0 0—1
First Period_1 , Toronto , Hyman 6 ( Nylander , Gardiner ) , 0:34 . Penalties_None .
Second Period_None . Penalties_Martin , TOR , ( holding ) , 6:07 ; Nugent-Hopkins , EDM , ( slashing ) , 8:29 ; Kassian , EDM , ( hooking ) , 10:11 ; Polak , TOR , ( cross-checking ) , 17:38 ; Marner , TOR , ( tripping ) , 17:38 .
Third Period_None . Penalties_Marner , TOR , ( tripping ) , 1:48 .
Shots on Goal_Edmonton 6-19-16_41 . Toronto 11-7-5_23 .
Power-play opportunities_Edmonton 0 of 4 ; Toronto 0 of 2 .
Goalies_Edmonton , Brossoit 2-6-1 ( 23 shots-22 saves ) . Toronto , McElhinney 3-2-0 ( 41-41 ) .
A_19,486 ( 18,819 ) . T_2:18 .
Referees_Jean Hebert , Garrett Rank . Linesmen_Shandor Alphonso , Jonny Murray .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
May 2 Endurance International Group Holdings Inc
* Endurance International Group reports 2017 first quarter results
* Q1 loss per share $ 0.26
* Q1 revenue $ 295.1 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 286.9 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.22 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Endurance International Group Holdings Inc - total subscribers on platform were approximately 5.304 million at March 31 , 2017
* Endurance International Group Holdings Inc sees 4 - 5 pct increase in GAAP revenue for fiscal 2017
* Endurance International Group Holdings Inc sees 12 - 14 pct increase in adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2017
* FY2017 revenue view $ 1.16 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Endurance International Group Holdings Inc - average revenue per subscriber , or ARPS , for Q1 of 2017 was $ 18.43 , compared to $ 15.41 for Q1 2016
* Endurance International Group Holdings Inc - excluding impact of constant contact , ARPS for Q1 of 2017 was $ 13.71 , compared to $ 13.72 for Q1 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
No stopping high-res panel demand
Demand for panels – both thin-film transistor liquid crystal display ( TFT LCD ) and active-matrix organic light-emitting diode ( AMOLED ) – using oxide backplane technology doubled in 2017 , in terms of area , compared to a year ago .
According to the latest report from business information provider IHS Markit , the market is forecast to grow 30 % in 2018 to 5,3-billion square meters from 2017 .
Oxide backplane technology offers the benefit of higher resolution while consuming lower power , which are better suited to IT consumer products that require high mobility . With Apple 's increasing adoption of oxide TFT LCD panels for its tablet and notebook products in 2017 , the demand surged 98 % in 2017 year on year .
Area demand for OLED TV panels using the oxide backplane technology also increased by 106 % during the same period , according to the latest “ Display long term demand forecast tracker ” by IHS Markit .
“ Demand for oxide panels will continue to grow in 2018 as demand particularly for OLED TV , with 55-inch or larger screens , increases , ” says Linda Lin , principal analyst of display research at IHS Markit .
“ Increasing demand from IT products and rising penetration of OLED panels to major applications will help to grow demand for LCD and OLED panels using oxide backplane technology in 2018 , respectively . ”
Panels using oxide backplane technology are mainly supplied by Sharp and LG Display . While Sharp is focusing on the oxide backplane for TFT LCD for IT applications , LG Display is more targeting the oxide backplane for OLED panels for TVs . Both are planning to expand their oxide capacity in 2018 .
Sharp 's Gen 6 fab in Kameyama , Japan , is solely dedicated to producing low temperature polysilicon ( LTPS ) panels . To grab more orders for the Apple iPad , the company is going to change 40 percent of its LTPS capacity to oxide at the end of 2018 .
Its Gen 8 fab in Kameyama is also planning to gradually increase the oxide capacity beginning the first quarter of 2018 , from 50 % of its all capacity in the last quarter of 2017 to 75 % by the end of 2018 . On the other hand , oxide panel price would be a key point to increase Oxide panel 's market share and decide that Sharp can enlarge Oxide capacity continuously or not in the future .
LG Display also plans to increase oxide panel capacity to prepare for the OLED TV panel business in future . Its Gen 8.5 OLED fab in Guangzhou , China , plans to start mass production of oxide backplane using OLED panels in the second half of 2019 , with a capacity of 60 000 units per month . In Paju of South Korea , the company is also working to build Gen 10.5 fabs for both a-Si and oxide backplane panels .
EDEN PRAIRIE , Minn. ( AP ) — Randy Moss made quite the scene over their career with the Minnesota Vikings , from crowd-pleasing feats and game-changing ability on the field to that notorious tendency to mouth off afterward .
During what they believed to be a routine visit to Vikings headquarters to discuss some business for Super Bowl week , Moss was back in the spotlight again .
This time , they found themselves there unwittingly . President Mark Wilf informed them that they and Ahmad Rashad , another former Vikings wide receiver , were picked as the 22nd and 23rd additions to the franchise 's Ring of Honor .
Moss will be inducted Sept. 11 during Minnesota 's season opener , a Monday night game that Moss would already be at for their duty as an ESPN analyst .
“ It was definitely humbling , and I 'm speechless , ” Moss said , then recounting for reporters their surprise Wednesday upon discovering the purple jersey bearing their name above the white 84 numeral in a frame on the wall outside the room where they met with Wilf and other Vikings officials .
Then Moss , followed by a camera crew on their every move , watched the Vikings practice and gave the players a brief pep talk at the end .
“ What I took to heart was what Randy said at the end of the practice , ” said defensive end Brian Robison , the longest-tenured player on the team .
“ I 've always lived by the motto that , in order to be the best , you have to work harder than the rest . They broke us down today and said , ‘ You have to work harder than anybody . You have to take advantage of every opportunity that you get . ' ”
When Moss slipped down the 1998 draft board , with other teams turned off by the trouble they got into during their college years , then-coach Dennis Green and the Vikings sure took advantage of their opportunity .
Moss set the NFL rookie record with 17 touchdown receptions and earned their first of three All-Pro honors with the team . There were behavioral problems along the way , and five-figure fines to pay , but Moss not only electrified a stagnant fan base but prompted rival Green Bay to revamp its draft strategy for defensive backs so they 'd have bigger players to cover them with .
“ The one thing that I will tell you , man : the love , the passion that I put into this game . To some , it might have been arrogance . But to me , man , I was just focused , ” Moss said .
“ Tunnel vision , man . Because I always wanted to play the game of football , something I grew up loving to do as a kid . Some people like to play with their cars . Some girls like to play with doll babies . Ever since I was 6 years old , man , I loved the game of football . That 's what drove me to where I 'm at today . ”
Their favorite memory of playing in Minnesota ? Naturally , that was their breakout game against the Packers in 1998 when they had three touchdown catches on a Monday night game , a 37-24 victory for the Vikings .
After seven seasons , they were traded to Oakland , only to return for one month during a tumultuous 2010 season when they clashed with then-coach Brad Childress and was cut .
Eligible for the Pro Football Hall of Fame for the first time next year , Moss is second in NFL history with 156 touchdown receptions and third with 15,292 receiving yards .
“ All the memories that I have , good and bad , I wo n't trade them for nothing , ” Moss said .
Toward the end of their news conference next to the practice fields at Winter Park where they first ventured into the league , Moss was asked what they would say to Green , who died a year ago , if they were still around now . After a long pause to collect their emotions , Moss began to cry .
“ Coach Green gave me an opportunity , man . I told him , ‘ Coach , you 're not going to regret this . ' So , you ask me what I would say to him ? Man , I 'd probably just fall in their arms and give them a hug , ” Moss said .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
Samsung has unveiled a couple of updated models in its Galaxy A series of mid-range handsets . And considering the company is rumoured to be pushing back the release of the next Galaxy S8 flagship phone , these very capably fill a gap in the company 's schedule .
Both the Samsung Galaxy A3 and Galaxy A5 devices will be coming to the UK from early February , with pre-orders available from 20 January through Samsung 's own online store and selected carrier and retail outlets . Prices are yet to be revealed .
Those who pre-order either handset will also get a pair of Samsung Level Active Wireless Headphones .
Much of the feature set and some of the spec from the Galaxy S7 has made it down the line to the new Galaxy A device , including IP68 water and dust resistance . They also get longer battery life than the 2016 equivalents , with Fast Charging and a USB Type-C port .
An always-on display enables users to check key notifications without fully waking either phone , while they offer improved storage capacity and increased microSD card compatibility to 256GB .
They will sport a metal frame , `` 3D glass back '' and come in black , gold , light blue and peach colour schemes .
Here are the key specifications for each of the phones :
5.2-inch Full HD Super AMOLED screen
1.9GHz octa-core processor
3GB RAM
LTE Cat 6 network connectivity
16-megapixel cameras front and rear
32GB storage with microSD card slot ( up to an additional 256GB )
Fingerprint scanner
USB Type-C connection
IP68 water and dustproofing
Android 6.0.16 ( Marshmallow )
Dimensions : 146.1 x 71.4 x 7.9mm
3,000mAh battery with Fast Charging
4.7-inch HD Super AMOLED screen
1.6GHz octa-core processor
2GB RAM
LTE Cat 6 network connectivity
13-megapixel rear camera and 8-megapixel on the front
16GB storage with microSD card slot ( up to an additional 256GB )
Fingerprint scanner
USB Type-C connection
IP68 water and dustproofing
Android 6.0.16 ( Marshmallow )
Dimensions : 135.4 x 86.2 x 7.9mm
2,350mAh battery with Fast Charging
Both of the handsets will debut at CES 2017 in Las Vegas . Pocket-lint will be there to go hands-on with them to give you our first impressions . A third variant , the Galaxy A7 also to make an appearance at the show , is not currently planned for UK or Europe .
They say UTA has a historical practice to block nepotism for board members and is attempting to put that into writing now .
`` Transparency and good flight attendantship of taxpayer funds requires the UTA board to function without conflicts of interest , actual or apparent , '' they wrote to The Salt Lake Tribune . The full board has scheduled a Feb. 22 vote on the new beefed-up nepotism policy . `` It 's not an anti-nepotism rule . It 's an anti-Brent Taylor rule , '' Taylor says .
The saga began in January when the Weber Area Council of Governments — made up of mayors and county commissioners there — voted to appoint Taylor to that group 's slot on the UTA Board .
`` I ran on a platform of reforming the UTA , representing the taxpayers , trimming executive compensation and making the organization transparent , '' Taylor said in an interview .
But McKinley wrote to the Weber group saying appointment of Taylor violated policy because their father works for the agency — but otherwise they would be welcome .
`` They said their policy 'clearly ' prevented me from serving . So I asked to see that policy , '' Taylor said .
They said they found existing UTA policies mirror state policy and would allow them to join the board as long as their relative was already hired and is not transferred or promoted while they are on the board . They said that is the case , and their father is near retirement .
`` Then they changed course and said that it was the 'unwritten intent ' of the policy that all family members be prohibited , and the chairperson told me they would fire my relative if I took my board seat , '' Taylor said . Because of the threat , they sought an independent opinion from Dougall , the state auditor .
An email from Dougall to Rep. Justin Fawson , R-North Ogden , who requested the review , said , `` I believe UTA is misinterpreting its own policy . As I understand UTA 's policy there is nothing to prohibit Mayor Taylor from [ serving ] on the UTA board . ''
Dougall said UTA 's current policy would prevent hiring any of Taylor 's relatives if they were on the board , but does n't apply `` since Mayor Taylor 's father is already employed by UTA . ''
Taylor said , `` After this opinion , the UTA is now changing the rules again by deciding to create a new policy — specifically to prevent me from going onto that board . ''
They said it amounts to changing the rules after the election — and noted that the Weber commissioners and mayors voted a second time in February to again make clear they are their choice for the board regardless of concerns over nepotism .
Beside , Taylor said , `` The accusation of nepotism is a red herring being used to distract from the political reasons that are at the heart of the effort to keep me off the UTA Board . ''
`` I 've looked into the issue , and I think they [ Taylor ] is just getting the runaround , '' said Pleasant View Mayor Toby Mileski . `` He was duly elected by us , but they are trying to block that . I do n't think that 's right . ''
Galleries
Collection
For their fourth collection , Xuan-Thu Nguyen considered technology and the pace that it imposes in all things , including their métier . “ In this world , everyone is always talking about 3D-this , laser-that , ” they said after the first of a series of mini shows . “ This is a wink to my technology : everything is done by hand instead of machine . ”
The collection exalted hand-made embellishments executed in different techniques : quilted , puffy flowers took the place of three-dimensional prints ; broderie anglaise edged in bright colors pierced a voluminous handkerchief layered blouse ; and flurries of soft organza sprouted down the front of a shift dress .
Xuan 's poetic vision had charm , but the abbreviated lineup left one wanting more .
Fresh Air Weekend highlights some of the best interviews and reviews from past weeks , and new program elements specially paced for weekends . Our weekend show emphasizes interviews with writers , filmmakers , actors and musicians , and often includes excerpts from live in-studio concerts . This week :
A Former Neo-Nazi Explains Why Hate Drew Him In — And How They Got Out : Christian Picciolini spent eight years as a member of a violent , white power skinhead group . They eventually withdrew and co-founded a nonprofit to help extremists disengage .
Girls Auto Clinic Owner : ' I Could n't Find A Female Mechanic , So I Had To Learn ' : There was a time when Patrice Banks avoided taking their car in for routine maintenance . Now , she 's a trained mechanic , and the owner of a garage that caters to women .
You can listen to the original interviews here :
A Former Neo-Nazi Explains Why Hate Drew Him In — And How They Got Out
Girls Auto Clinic Owner : ' I Could n't Find A Female Mechanic , So I Had To Learn '
SANTO DOMINGO , Dominican Republic ( AP ) — In the opening scenes of the latest Vin Diesel action movie , troops in the Dominican Republic chase the hero through a rainforest and down a twisty mountain road . But in real life , the government is doing all it can to welcome the Hollywood star — or anyone else who wants to produce a film in this Caribbean country .
The filming here of some scenes from “ xXx : Return of Xander Cage ” is a sign of progress in efforts to persuade the film industry to use the Dominican Republic 's lush mountains , white-sand beaches and colonial architecture as a backdrop .
“ Now , we are on the map , ” said Yvette Marichal , director of a government agency created in 2010 to woo film production companies to the country and to regulate their activities here .
Marichal spoke in a recent interview after returning from the Cannes Film Festival , where their agency had a pavilion promoting the country 's varied landscape along with tax breaks and other incentives to lure companies from other destinations , including other parts of the Caribbean or the U.S .
Advertisement
Besides the Vin Diesel action flick , which grossed more than $ 300 million at the box office this year , the country 's film credits have grown to include last year 's Netflix production “ True Memoirs of an International Assassin , ” as well as “ 47 Meters Down , ” which stars Mandy Moore and opens in the U.S. on Friday .
There are small-screen offerings as well , including the Turkish version of the competition series “ Survivor , ” which moved from the Philippines to the Dominican Republic 's Samana area in the north , as well as the Greek version of the same program , which is moving from Argentina 's Patagonian region , and a Swedish production of “ The Bachelor . ”
All or part of 45 foreign productions , including full-length movies , documentaries and reality TV shows , were filmed here last year . There were another 20 full-length movies for the domestic market , compared to three in 2010 .
In the past , the country played host to some notable films . Parts of “ Apocalypse Now ” were filmed here as were scenes in “ Godfather II ” representing Cuba . In the 2006 movie adaptation of “ Miami Vice , ” the Dominican Republic stood in for Haiti , the other country occupying the island of Hispaniola . Those occasional productions inspired former President Leonel Fernandez , who was looking for ways to diversify the economy and bring jobs to the country of more than 10 million .
“ That bit of investment in the Dominican Republic without any type of incentives motivated the president , ” said Omar de la Cruz , who served on an advisory board that helped launch a more concerted effort to attract the film industry .
In 2010 , the government established tax credits for productions costing at least $ 500,000 and exemptions on such things as import duties for audiovisual equipment . The movie “ A Dark Truth , ” starring Andy Garcia , was the first to take advantage of the new law in 2011 .
In addition to the incentives and marketing , universities in the Dominican Republic began offering courses to provide the technical skills that production companies could use to find the local production and technical workers they are required to hire under the law . In 2013 , the prominent Vicini family opened Lantica Media , which operates what it describes as the Caribbean 's most modern studio and sound stage facilities in a partnership with Britain 's Pinewood Studios .
Among the movies that Lantica Media worked on is “ xXx : Return of Xander Cage , ” which required hiring 300 local people with technical skills , providing valuable experience for them to work in future major productions , said Rafael Nunez , a production director at the company 's location in San Pedro de Macoris on the southern coast . The facilities were also used in “ 47 Meters Down ” and “ True Memoirs of an International Assassin . ”
Marichal credits some of the success to the country 's varied landscape . “ It is incredible how we have almost all ecosystems on this little island , ” they said . “ The only thing we lack is snow but for that we have studios . ”
The benefits are difficult to measure , but Marichal 's office says that film production in 2016 injected nearly $ 87 million into the economy and created 4,000 direct jobs . Most lucrative for the country are the long-running reality TV series , which bring crews staying six months or more at a time . There is also the benefit of promoting the country , already among the Caribbean 's top tourist destinations .
“ It encourages me to see how much the Dominican Republic has achieved in so little time , ” Marichal said .
Cosmetics and skincare retailer Sephora may open a location on Capitol Hill .
Sephora is in talks for space at 700 Penn alongside Trader Joe 's , a brick-and-mortar location of Pennsylvania creamery Trickling Springs , veterinary clinic and other retail tenants , according to two sources familiar with the negotiations .
The project , a redevelopment of the former Hine School by a joint venture between Stanton Development Corp. and EastBanc Inc. , is expected to deliver in September . Ken Golding , a principal partner with Stanton , declined to comment on the potential for Sephora coming to the building . We 've reached out to Sephora and will update this post when we hear back .
Golding did , however , provide some more color on how leasing is going at the project , which includes a 160,000-square-foot office building , 162 residential units and 61,000 square feet of retail , the first big chunk of new retail space to come online in Capitol Hill in several years .
Stanton and EastBanc have nailed down…
'We need the Filipino people to own this campaign against illegal drugs . The Filipino people should recognize that the President is with them against illegal drugs , ' says PNP DEG chief Albert Ferro
Published 11:21 AM , December 12 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – With the return of the Philippine National Police to the government 's drug war , the newly-designated PNP drug enforcement chief urged all Filipinos to be on board with them .
PNP Drug Enforcement Group ( DEG ) chief Senior Superintendent Albert Ferro Ferro made the call on Monday , December 11 , as they assumed their new post .
`` Winning the hearts and minds of the people is the biggest challenge for me . We need the Filipino people to own this campaign against illegal drugs . The Filipino people should recognize that the President is with them against illegal drugs . '' Ferro said in an interview with Rappler .
Ferro heads the elite group of cops focused on high-value targets like politicians or celebrities involved in illegal drugs . ( READ : What 's the new PNP Drug Enforcement Group like ? )
Ferro , who used to head the now disbanded Anti-Illegal Drugs Group ( AIG ) , said their team will not go far in its anti-drug efforts without they help of local communities . They want Filipinos to help as informants of the DEG .
`` Most of our anti-illegal drugs operations were a product of information coming from the civilians , not all of those come from the police , '' Ferro said .
They were referring to their case build-up process , where cops rely heavily on information from ordinary citizens to pin down not just drug users and traders , but also other criminals .
Ferro said one of their biggest catches , drug lord Kerwin Espinosa , was a product of a civilian whistleblower who had the courage to go to cops .
`` Paano 'pag ang pulis lang ang aasahan natin ( What if we only relied on the police ) ? The people need to own this program of stopping this menace of illegal drugs , '' Ferro added .
Ferro made the call for more informants to help the police , as the Supreme Court hears oral arguments on petitions questioning the procedures of cops in the drug war . ( READ : Was the PNP 's war on drugs illegal ? Here 's why lawyers think so )
Petitioners and justices have cast doubt on the credibility of such witnesses , as well as the supposedly sketchy reporting system in place .
Ferro defended cops as other top police officials have , saying that it is standard for them to validate all claims .
`` Kasama na 'yung validation doon ( The validation is already included there ) , '' Ferro said , referring to their operating procedures . – Rappler.com
TALLAHASSEE , Fla. — The running game has been an important factor in the Miami-Florida State series .
In the past 30 meetings between the Sunshine State rivals , the team with the most rushing yards has won 22 times . It will likely be a determining factor again on Saturday when the 13th-ranked Hurricanes visit the Seminoles .
Miami 's Mark Walton leads the Atlantic Coast Conference in rushing yards per game , averaging 134.3 . Florida State 's duo of Jacques Patrick and Cam Akers combined for 178 yards last week as the Seminoles got their first win at Wake Forest .
Walton , a 5-foot-9 , 205-pound junior , has been somewhat limited due to an ankle injury that they suffered in the Sept. 23 win over Toledo . They were held to 51 rushing yards in last week 's win at Duke but did have four receptions for 79 yards .
Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher said Walton is as good as any back they will face this season .
`` He 's consistent and does n't have many plays that go for negative yards , '' Fisher said . `` Last week they did as much damage out of the backfield catching the ball . Our defence is going to be challenged . ''
The Seminoles ( 1-2 , 1-1 ACC ) will need more from their ground game in order to take the pressure off first-year student quarterback James Blackman . Patrick , who is also a junior , rushed for 120 yards and a touchdown at Wake , but more than half of their yards came on a 69-yard carry in the first quarter .
Akers , who was touted as one of the nation 's top recruits last year , has been tentative at times and slow to see openings for big gains .
`` Patrick is a big back , who runs hard , falls forward on contact , and Akers has quick feet and can run out of a tackle , '' Miami defensive co-ordinator Manny Diaz said . `` We have to make sure that you are in your gap and fit all the responsibilities in their runs . ''
Florida State has a seven-game winning streak over Miami ( 3-0 , 1-0 ) , but the last three meetings have been decided by a total of 10 points . The game was originally scheduled for Sept. 16 but was pushed back due to Hurricane Irma .
KNOXVILLE ( WATE ) – The total solar eclipse is just days away .
As people around the country prepare to watch what is being called “ The Great American Solar Eclipse , ” experts warn that viewing the phenomenon can be dangerous without the appropriate protection . Eclipse gazers can find ways to protect themselves by using eclipse glasses and filters or by using a device to view the eclipse indirectly .
Related : How to view a solar eclipse safely
Stores with eclipse glasses or are expecting shipments
Make sure to call first before leaving your house to make sure solar eclipse glasses are not sold out .
Elder 's Ace Hardware , 4219 Chapman Highway , Knoxville – On 8/14 they had a large supply of solar eclipse glasses and were expecting a shipment of 3,000 glasses on Thursday
– On 8/14 they had a large supply of solar eclipse glasses and were expecting a shipment of 3,000 glasses on Thursday Pendergrass Family Shoe Repair , 6707 Kingston Pike , Knoxville – On 8/14 they said they were getting a shipment on Wednesday and taking RSVPs
On 8/14 they said they were getting a shipment on Wednesday and taking RSVPs Hallmark , West Town Mall , Knoxville – On 8/14 they said they had solar eclipse glasses
– On 8/14 they said they had solar eclipse glasses Lenscrafters , 11289 Parkside Drive – On 8/14 they said they were getting a shipment of 500 glasses on Tuesday . They are planning on selling them for $ 3
– On 8/14 they said they were getting a shipment of 500 glasses on Tuesday . They are planning on selling them for $ 3 HobbyTown USA , 11145 Turkey Drive , Knoxville – On 8/14 they had a limited number of glasses and most of the glasses are reserved . Call first .
– On 8/14 they had a limited number of glasses and most of the glasses are reserved . Call first . The Muse , 516 N Beaman Street , Knoxville – On 8/13 they said a new shipment is on the way . They are expected to arrive on Tuesday morning . Check their website for updates .
On 8/13 they said a new shipment is on the way . They are expected to arrive on Tuesday morning . Check their website for updates . Books-A-Million , 8507 Kingston Pike , Knoxville – On 8/11 they said they were sold out of eclipse glasses , but may get a new shipment soon .
On 8/11 they said they were sold out of eclipse glasses , but may get a new shipment soon . Lowe 's Home Improvement , 1800 Roane State Highway , Harriman – On 8/14 they said they are expecting more glasses in later . Call first .
– On 8/14 they said they are expecting more glasses in later . Call first . State Farm , 713 E. Emory Road Ste 101 , Knoxville – Agent Ryan Nichols said they are giving away free eclipse glasses on Wednesday .
Stores sold out of eclipse glasses
Walmart , 8445 Walbrook Drive , Knoxville – On 8/14 they said they did not have eclipse glasses
– On 8/14 they said they did not have eclipse glasses Walmart , 3051 Kinzel Way , Knoxville – On 8/14 they said they did not have eclipse glasses . Managers said they are working on getting a shipment in .
On 8/14 they said they did not have eclipse glasses . Managers said they are working on getting a shipment in . Walmart , 10900 Parkside Drive , Knoxville – On 8/14 they said they were sold out of glasses
On 8/14 they said they were sold out of glasses Lowe 's Home Improvement , 3100 S Mall Road , Knoxville – On 8/14 they said they do not have eclipse glasses and said they do not expect any more in
On 8/14 they said they do not have eclipse glasses and said they do not expect any more in Lowe 's Home Improvement , 210 N Peters Road , Knoxville – On 8/14 they said they do not have eclipse glasses
On 8/14 they said they do not have eclipse glasses Toys R Us , 8009 Kingston Pike , Knoxville – On 8/14 they said they do not have eclipse glasses
On 8/14 they said they do not have eclipse glasses Michael 's , 11348 Parkside Drive , Knoxville – On 8/14 they said they were sold out of eclipse glasses
On 8/14 they said they were sold out of eclipse glasses Best Buy , 8925 Town and Country Circle , Knoxville – On 8/14 they said they were sold out of of eclipse glasses .
admin Site Admin
Join Date : Mar 2007 Location : New Orleans Posts : 9,903 Blog Entries : 2
Review : Father Comes Home From the Wars ( Parts 1 , 2 , & 3 )
Father Comes Home From the Wars ( Parts 1 , 2 , & 3 ) is an emotionally moving epic about the U.S. Civil War written by Suzan-Lori Parks and presented by is an emotionally moving epic about the U.S. Civil War written by Suzan-Lori Parks and presented by Southern Rep Theatre . It borrows themes from classical Greek theater to heighten the drama about a slave named Hero ( Sam Malone ) , who faces an awful dilemma . ?
WATCH : Sam Allardyce has called on @ Everton fans to get behind them after their win over @ NUFC .
Watch more @ PremierLeague clips and highlights in the @ SkySports app ! Download it here :
iPhone : https : //t.co/sh4FcFKjd8
Android : https : //t.co/rdtroeTW83 https : //t.co/0JqbBwQoHG
ORLANDO , Fla. — Rob Gray scored 20 points , Devin Davis had key points late and Houston held off UCF 69-65 on Saturday .
Davis split two UCF defenders and laid the ball in just before the shot clock ran out for a 65-61 lead with a minute to go and added two free throws with 34 seconds remaining for a six-point lead .
Grey was 7-of-15 shooting with five assists . Corey Davis Jr. had three 3-pointers and 15 points while Breaon Brady grabbed nine rebounds .
The Cougars ( 17-5 , 7-3 American ) led the whole way and were up 10 with 15:21 remaining before the Knights ( 14-8 , 5-5 ) got within two , the final time at 63-61 on B.J . Taylor 's bucket with 2:13 left .
Murray Kinsella reports from Stade de France
IRELAND OPENED THEIR Six Nations campaign with a 15-13 win against France in Paris .
Read our full match report here .
Sexton 's iconic moment
Ronan O'Gara had their many iconic moments over the years , but here was Johnny Sexton 's unforgettable strike .
Source : Billy Stickland/INPHO
The Ireland out-half delivered in stunning fashion for Ireland at the death , with 82:38 on the clock when they struck the most delicious drop-goal from 45 metres out , the ball soaring straight and true towards the post to send Irish fans into rapture .
Rewind the clock to 80:28 and there is another brilliant example of Sexton 's class – a perfect kick-pass out to Keith Earls on the right to allow the Munster wing to bring real momentum into Ireland 's remarkable final attack .
Sexton featured prominently throughout the crucial passage , showing their mental steel and never accepting that Ireland had thrown away a game they had looked like winning for the vast majority of the contest .
The fact that Sexton had missed a 62nd-minute penalty to extend Ireland 's then-lead out to nine points could have been massively decisive , but they showed impressive character to bounce back and step up convincingly when their team needed them most .
James Ryan to the fore
This was an evening for players like Ryan – a second row so willing to roll their sleeves up and deal with the dirty work that was always going to be crucial in the rain at Stade de France .
The 21-year-old looked like the true successor to Paul O'Connell on what was their Six Nations debut , displaying the kind of maturity that has always marked them out as a future star .
Ryan 's tackle quality was superb – allowing Iain Henderson to win an important turnover penalty at one stage – while they carried doggedly throughout the game , as their most effective when they turned on their footwork before contact .
At lineout time , Ryan 's early claim at the back showed their quality in that area of the game , and they were a real leader for Ireland in the tight throughout . The Leinster man has a big , big future ahead of him .
Major work-ons
Let 's be clear – this was an escape for Ireland . Though they stole the victory in truly memorable fashion , this was a game they very nearly threw away to Teddy Thomas ' brilliant try .
Source : Dan Sheridan/INPHO
Ireland have major work-ons ahead of their first home game against Italy next weekend and the circumstances of the win will not distract Joe Schmidt from that fact as this side look to build towards reclaiming the Six Nations crown for the first time since 2015 .
Their work in contact was poor at important times in the game , with ball carriers often becoming isolated and displaying poor fight on the ground after the tackle – Schmidt is huge on this ‘ bodyball ' aspect of the game .
The arriving players at the breakdown were often lacking impact for Ireland too , while their attacking game has strides to take in the coming weeks – though drier conditions would surely help that .
When Ireland found their shape , they looked sharp , while their set-piece strikes were generally positive , but there was a blunt edge at times inside the French 22 . This victory will have positive psychological effects , but Ireland must get better .
Leavy 's impact
Schmidt spoke about the “ new breed ” of Irish forward in the build-up to this championship when talking about their youngsters ' ability to handle the ball , and Dan Leavy certainly belongs in that bracket .
The 23-year-old is built for this level of the game physically and mentally , and one felt they simply needed a break like the one they got today to show their true ability .
Josh van der Flier 's first-half departure to a head injury could have had a negative impact , but Leavy was simply superb as their replacement in the back row .
A lovely offload on one lineout attack showed Leavy 's skill level , but it was their ferocious carrying , ruck work and tackling that impressed most . They look like a starter for Ireland going forward .
A win in Paris
It 's a rarity , that 's for sure . Sexton 's drop-goal ensured Ireland won in Paris for just the third time since the early 1970s and it 's certainly a victory Irish fans will savour .
Source : James Crombie/INPHO
Though there seemed to be frustration from some fans throughout the preceding 82 minutes , the endgame makes this an Irish win that will go down in the history books .
Schmidt will be brutal in their review of this game and any players who are tempted to get ahead of themselves after the late win will be brought swiftly back down to earth . And yet , when the Ireland head coach has a quiet moment , they will take pleasure from guiding Ireland to victory here for the second time .
The Ireland boss tasted success in Paris to seal the 2014 Six Nations title , and they will hope that this victory is the start of Ireland 's next title success .
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
The 2018 Heisman Trophy race could be wide open .
There will be no returning winner , with Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield becoming the first senior to win the award since 2006 . Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson , the 2016 winner and a finalist this year , is a junior likely to jump to the NFL .
The most likely finalist to return is Stanford running back Bryce Love , though they also are a junior who could declare for the NFL draft .
Penn State 's Saquon Barkley finished fourth in the voting , but do n't expect the junior to be back . Barkley is a possible top-five pick . The fifth-place finisher , Rashaad Penny of San Diego State , also is a senior .
Southern California quarterback Sam Darnold entered this season as the Heisman favorite , but too many interceptions took them out of the running . Whether Darnold jumps to the NFL is not quite so clear . If they return , they will again receive Heisman hype .
It could be a good year for a dark horse to emerge , but here are some players who will enter 2018 with Heisman buzz :
Quarterbacks who bypass the draft
Fifteen of the last 18 Heisman winners have been QBs , so there is good chance another will win it next season . Darnold is one of several underclassmen quarterbacks who might decide to enter the NFL draft . But if they do return to school , they would be a good bet to enter the Heisman race . The most prominent are Jarrett Stidham of Auburn , Will Grier of West Virginia and Drew Lock of Missouri .
Travis Etienne , RB , Clemson
Returning starting quarterback Kelly Bryant will get a lot of attention . Etienne , though , has a chance to be a special running back . They are averaging 7.2 yards per carry as a first-year student . The talent is there for a huge sophomore season ; it 's just a matter of touches on what always figures to be a team with lots of good options in the backfield .
Nick Fitzgerald , QB , Mississippi State
New coach Joe Moorhead 's offense helped Trace McSorley put up some gaudy numbers at Penn State the last two seasons ( 6,842 yards passing , 55 TD passes and 18 rushing touchdowns ) . Fitzgerald , if they fully recover from a foot injury , is a lot like McSorley — just a whole lot bigger at 6-foot-5 , 230 pounds . They need to become a more accurate passer , but Fitzgerald has run for 2,359 yards and 30 touchdowns the last two seasons . The potential is there for big stats .
Justin Herbert , QB , Oregon
Herbert was on their way to a big sophomore year when they broke their collarbone midway through this season . Without him , the Ducks went 1-4 . In the seven games they played , Herbert passed for 1,750 yards and 13 touchdowns and added five rushing touchdowns . The 6-foot-6 , 220-pounder could also be working their way toward becoming the No . 1 pick in the 2019 draft .
McKenzie Milton , QB , UCF
Milton has a lot of Mayfield in their game , with an ability to turn a broke play into a huge gain . They will have a new coach next year in Josh Heupel , but theoretically that should not slow down the Knights ' offense . Heupel was offensive coordinator at Missouri this season and helped Lock lead the nation in touchdown passes with 43 . Milton finished eighth in this year 's voting .
Jonathan Taylor , RB , Wisconsin
The first-year student tailback is third in the nation in rushing at 1,847 yards and 142.08 per game . No team is more committed to the run than Wisconsin . Taylor will be the favorite to lead the nation in rushing next year and likely the focal point of the Badgers ' offense . Taylor finished sixth in the voting and depending on what the juniors do ahead of him , they could be the highest-placing returnee .
___
Others to watch : Cam Akers , RB , Florida State ; J.K. Dobbins , RB , Ohio State ; Justice Hill , RB , Oklahoma State ; Jalen Hurts , QB , Alabama ; JD Spielman , WR , Nebraska ; Khalil Tate , Arizona .
___
Follow Ralph D. Russo at www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
___
More AP college football : http : //collegefootball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
