Scroll for more content ...
The gang that helped free one of France 's most notorious criminals from prison on Sunday used drones for reconnaissance as part of preparation for the jail break , the country 's justice minister said Monday .
France 's Justice Minister Nicole Belloubet said it was `` without a doubt '' that the group responsible for helping convicted robber Redoine Faid escape -- for a second time -- from a French prison had used drones to observe the premises before using a helicopter to whisk them away to freedom .
`` It 's a completely exceptional escape that clearly required a very well prepared commando group given there was a helicopter , three people and an instructor taken hostage , '' France 's Justice Minister Nicole Belloubet said in a statement .
Faid escaped from the prison in Seine-et-Marne , near Paris , on Sunday after two or three heavily armed men hijacked a helicopter and forced the pilot to fly to help them escape .
After picking Faid up Sunday , the armed men forced the pilot to fly them to the Val d'Oise region , northwest of Paris , before releasing the pilot unharmed and fleeing in an unidentified vehicle , the Interior Ministry said .
Faid was serving 25 years in prison for their role in a failed 2010 robbery that resulted in the death of French police officer Aurélie Fouquet .
They were also given 10 years following their 2013 prison escape in which they used explosives to blast their way out , the Paris prosecutor 's office said .
On Monday , Prime Minister Edouard Phillipe told French Radio that there were 3,000 police officers hunting for him .
Justice Minister Belloubet has called for an immediate review of the prison system in France , criticizing security at the prison where Faid escaped as `` passive . ''
Back in April 2013 , Faid held five people -- including four guards -- at gunpoint at a detention center in the northern city of Lille , officials said .
They then detonated explosives to destroy five doors , penitentiary union spokesperson Etienne Dobrometz told CNN affiliate BFMTV . It was not clear how they got the gun and explosives .
Faid grew a beard and wore a wig while on the run . After an international manhunt that spanned dozens of countries , they were captured at a hotel east of Paris and locked up in a different prison .
× Little Sisters of the Poor Leaving Holy Family Residence
SCRANTON , Pa. — The future of a long-time nursing home is up in the air . The sisters who run the place have decided to pull out .
The Little Sisters of the Poor announcement Wednesday said they are leaving the Holy Family Residence in Scranton .
The Little Sisters ' decision to leave is painful for those working at the residence and the surrounding community .
Sitting on a hill near Marywood University , the Holy Family Residence has been a staple in this part of Lackawanna County . But with fewer women joining the religious group , the Little Sisters have had to cut back on the number of nursing homes they operate nationwide , including this one in Scranton .
A spokesperson for the Little Sisters says this difficult decision has been in the works for years .
“ To consolidate and solidify their mission in the United States presently they have 27 homes for the aging but they know they are going to have to withdraw for their mission to carry on , ” said Fr . Mark Cregan , attorney for the Little Sisters of the Poor .
The Little Sisters of the Poor still have seven sisters living at the Holy Family Residence .
They are now hoping someone else takes over .
“ The Little Sisters ' mission is to create a family spirit but it 's like someone from the family is leaving and that 's hard in every case , ” said Fr . Cregan .
Originally called the Maloney Home , Holy Family Residence has been in operation for more than 110 years . Now those living in the area are worried about its uncertain future .
While playing with their grandchildren at a park nearby , Jean Scopelliti tells Newswatch 16 the Little Sisters of the Poor have been on that hill for as long as they can remember .
“ It 's sad because I think there is a great need for that type of care in this community because there are so many senior citizens in this area . ”
The Little Sisters of the Poor tell us any changes are not expected to happen here for the least a few more years .
VOL . 41 | NO . 15 | Friday , April 14 , 2017
Film producer takes aim at tech giants in new book Print | Front Page | Email this story To :
From :
Message :
From ( email ) :
Message :
NASHVILLE ( AP ) — The executive producer of a documentary hailed as one of the best rock films of all time is coming to Nashville to discuss their new book that accuses tech giants of threatening the future of the music , film , television , publishing and news industries .
Jonathan Taplin , who produced the film `` The Last Waltz , '' will be at City Winery Wednesday to discuss the movie and their new book `` Move Fast and Break Things : How Facebook , Google and Amazon Cornered Culture and Undermined Democracy . '' A screening of `` The Last Waltz '' will be shown after the discussion .
A movie and TV producer , Taplin is currently director emeritus of the University of Southern California Annenberg Innovation Lab .
Tickets for the event can be purchased by going to the City Winery Nashville website .
KANSAS CITY , Kan. — Michael Williams Jr. went out with their friends Friday night just hours after they spent the day with their mother , Rebecca Hall .
“ When they left I told him , ' I love you be careful ' and they said ‘ I love you too ' and that 's the last time we talked , ” Hall said .
Williams and their friends spent much of their evening at the Firelight lounge on Parallel Parkway .
KCK police said right around closing time , a fight broke out .
“ A girl went into the club I guess their boyfriend was with their wife and they argued , ” Hall said .
They said police told them the fight spilled outside the club .
“ The girl was wrestling with the security guard and the gun discharged and that 's how my son got shot in the eye . So it was n't even no intentions for him , it just happened , ” Hall said .
Williams died at the scene leaving behind 11 children .
“ Well if anybody knew him , they knew they were about their kids , all of them , ” said Elizabeth Mejia , the victim 's sister .
The youngest of their children is 10 months old and their oldest is 16 years old .
“ It really saddens me that they even got in the club with a gun and then they left behind all their children , so it 's really hard for them right now , ” Hall said . “ We 're going to deal with it day-by-day . ”
Now , as the family plans for a funeral , they want justice .
“ Either way you look at it , it 's wrong — if it was an accident , if it was on purpose . It 's wrong they should just turn themselves in that would be a lot of relief , ” Mejia said .
Police are searching for a suspect but have n't released a description to the public .
Having fun with kids , # redferrariitaly # returnofthemack # reunion2017 # gypsyking # lyfestyle # lovemyfamily shout out the haters ! !
A post shared by Tyson Fury ( @ gypsyking101 ) on May 12 , 2017 at 3:19am PDT
In a letter to Ducey , Democratic leaders said they oppose a sales tax hike to fund the governor 's proposed 9 percent teacher pay increase in FY19 ( and another five percent each year thereafter ) . To read more on this item plus all the stories in the April 24 Yellow Sheet Report , go to www.yellowsheetreport.com ( Yellow Sheet Subscription Required ) . To subscribe to ...
DNA was used to charge a man over a robbery from four years ago .
DNA was used to charge a man over a robbery from four years ago .
POLICE have used fresh DNA evidence to charge a man over a violent armed robbery in Kewdale in 2014 .
Based on a DNA match to a sample taken recently in relation to a separate investigation , police arrested a 23-year-old Ferndale man yesterday .
It will be alleged they entered an Orrong Road service station brandishing a knife around 11.30pm on Sunday , November 23 .
Police say the man threatened an attendant with the knife and demanded money .
After a violent struggle , the man allegedly stole money from the register before fleeing the store .
They will appear in Perth Magistrates Court Saturday .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A 30-year-old Cheltenham man has been convicted of putting their ex-partner in fear of violence by harassment and stealing their possessions .
Florin Raru , Brookbank Close , also faced allegations that they stole the possessions of their ex-partner 's daughter . They were found not guilty of that charge by the jury at Gloucester Crown Court .
During the week-long trial , the jury heard that Raru had their name tattooed on Ophelia Wiedenhamer 's neck and told them ' I own you now ' .
Initially they faced an allegation that between September 1 , 2014 and April 7 , 2017 they used controlling and coercive behaviour against Ms Wiedenhamer .
However at the halfway stage of the trial that allegation was dropped , and instead one count of harassment and two of theft were put to him , which they denied .
The jury took four hours and two minutes to come to their verdicts . The found them guilty , by a majority of 11 to one of harassing Ms Wiedenhamer and stealing them possessions .
Judge Peter Johnson adjourned the case for sentence until February 27 and ordered a pre-sentence report .
They told Raru : `` These are a very shabby series of offences . I regard these as being quite serious matters . All options are open and that includes custody . ''
Raru was granted bail until the sentencing hearing .
During the trial , the jury were told that Raru was a Romanian national who had lived in the UK for some time .
They met Ms Wiedenhamer at the Elephant and Castle pub in London , and they started a relationship .
They were from St Lucia , and they acted as their sponsor for immigration authorities .
They claimed that they were merely using them to gain a visa , and was having relationships with other men .
Ms Wiedenhamer denied this in their evidence saying that they `` loved Florin with every drop of blood in my body '' . They told the jury that they still had their picture in their wallet .
But they alleged they became more controlling as the relationship went on and that they forbade them from wearing make up .
They denied this , and said that they had only suggested that they wear their hair `` natural '' .
The prosecution said that matters came to a head when Ms Wiedenhamer returned to St Lucia in March last year , when they learnt that their mother was very unwell .
At this time , the prosecution said , they became obsessed with the notion that they were seeing another man there .
They allegedly hacked into their Facebook and email accounts , making `` sexually suggestive remarks '' whilst pretending to be them
Before they returned to the UK from St Lucia , Raru cleared the flat that they shared of all their possessions , and rang immigration authorities telling them that they had withdrawn their sponsorship of her , the prosecution said .
They were detained at the airport and held for nine hours before being released .
They had also taken one of their daughters to school , and told staff there that they had been abandoned by their mother .
That child was taken into temporary foster care as a result .
A final incident between them took place on April 5 , when they agreed to meet to exchange a SIM card .
They told the jury that they got them into a `` bear hug '' and threatened to kill them
Raru denied this , saying that they had stumbled and them held them up to stop their falling , and that they had n't threatened to kill her , but that they would make sure it `` got back on them emotionally '' .
They said that they realised : `` I was nothing but a tool in their hand . They wanted to stay in the UK and not stay in a relationship with me . ''
They claimed that they had told them they were pregnant with their child , but they learnt from immigration this was not true .
They also claimed that the tattoo with their name on their neck , was their idea . It was , they told the jury , a ploy to convince immigration that their relationship was genuine .
They also claimed that they had told them to get rid of their possessions from the flat .
The jury rejected their account finding them guilty of stealing their possessions , but not those of their daughter .
They also convicted them of putting them in fear of violence by harassment .
They will be sentenced on February 27 .
Ralphie May , a stand-up comedian who launched their career on NBC 's Last Comic Standing , has died at the age of 45 .
May 's manager confirmed the news to The Hollywood Reporter ; TMZ reports that May died of cardiac arrest in Las Vegas on Friday after battling pneumonia for a number of weeks .
A native of the South who often poked fun at their own weight , May first hit the national stage in 2003 as a contestant on the first season of NBC 's reality competition Last Comic Standing , which pitted aspiring stand-up comedians against each other in hopes of winning a cash prize and talent deal . They finished second , behind eventual winner Dat Phan .
They followed that up with an appearance on The Tonight Show With Jay Leno and later filmed a series of Comedy Central stand-up specials . In 2015 , May released a pair of stand-up specials on Netflix : Unruly and Imperfectly Yours . They also provided the voice of Pnut on Adult Swim 's Squidbillies and appeared in an episode of Inside Amy Schumer that aired last year .
Ryden Scarnato
Staff Writer
Disney and Pixar released the first full trailer to their upcoming superhero sequel , The Incredibles 2 . The trailer offers more insight to the plot of the film , with Elastigirl leaving Bob / Mr . Incredible home to take care of the kids as they go off to fight crime . The trailer also offered a glimpse at the villain of the film , The Screen Slaver , who looks to have the ability to hypnotize .
The first film followed Bob 's return to their superhero life after it being outlawed . Bob was eventually joined by their super powered family and took down their old admirer , Syndrome . The film was a critical success , receiving two Academy Awards , including one for Best Animated Feature .
The long-awaited sequel is set to take place right after the first film , with the superhero family taking on the Underminer . Returning for the sequel is Holly Hunter as Elastigirl/Helen Parr , Craig T. Nelson as Bob Parr/Mr . Incredible , Sarah Vowell as Violet Parr , Samuel L. Jackson as Lucius Best/Frozone , and writer/director Brad Bird , who also voices Edna Mode .
Some newcomers to the cast include , Huck Milner as Dashiell “ Dash ” Robert Parr , Jonathan Banks as Rick Dicker , Bob Odenkirk as Winston Deavor , Catherine Keener as Evelyn Deavor , Sophia Bush as Voyd , Isabella Rossellini as The Ambassador , and John Ratzenberger as The Underminer .
The Parr family returns to theaters with The Incredibles 2 , coming out June 15 , marking a 14-year gap between the two films .
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men 's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today 's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Online Circulars - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
FILE - In this Oct. 19 , 2017 , file photo , Yi Gang , deputy governor of the People 's Bank of China , attends a discussion group meeting held on the sidelines of China 's 19th Party Congress at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing . The ceremonial Chinese legislature on Monday , March 19 , 2018 , approved the appointment of Yi Gang , a veteran deputy central banker , to lead the Peopleâ€™s Bank of China . ( AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein , File )
FILE - In this Oct. 19 , 2017 , file photo , Yi Gang , deputy governor of the People 's Bank of China , attends a discussion group meeting held on the sidelines of China 's 19th Party Congress at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing . The ceremonial Chinese legislature on Monday , March 19 , 2018 , approved the appointment of Yi Gang , a veteran deputy central banker , to lead the Peopleâ€™s Bank of China . ( AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein , File )
BEIJING ( AP ) - A U.S.-trained economist was appointed Monday to succeed the longtime governor of China 's central bank , Zhou Xiaochuan , at a time when the ruling Communist Party is trying to reduce financial risks and surging debt .
The appointment of Yi Gang , a veteran deputy central banker , to head the People 's Bank of China was in a slate of promotions approved by China 's ceremonial legislature of finance and economic officials as President Xi Jinping tightens control over government .
Also Monday , the National People 's Congress endorsed the elevation of Liu He , Xi 's economic adviser , to a post as vice premier , where they are expected to oversee economic reform .
The ruling Communist Party is under pressure to control surging debt , defuse mounting trade tensions with Washington and Europe and make the cooling , state-dominated economy more productive . It has promised to open more industries to private and foreign competition but business groups and reform advocates complain Beijing is moving too slowly .
The NPC endorsed the appointment of Zhong Shan to a second term as commerce minister . Liu Kun was named finance minister .
Yi , 60 , is well known to foreign investors and foreign regulators as head of China 's foreign exchange regulator . They have overseen efforts to make the mechanism that sets the exchange rate for China 's tightly controlled yuan more market-oriented .
Yi received their Ph.D. from the University of Illinois and taught at Indiana University . They also have a degree in business administration from Hamline University in Minnesota .
`` Highly regarded in the international circles and seen as a pragmatic reformist , Yi Gang 's appointment is set to ensure policy continuity and a smooth transition , '' said Mizuho Bank in a report .
Zhou , who is retiring after a record 15 years in the post , is the most prominent Chinese figure in global finance . At 70 , they are well beyond official retirement age but stayed on following the 2012 handover of power to a new generation of leaders under President Xi Jinping in what was seen as an effort to reassure companies and financial markets of stability .
Beijing is trying to rein in surging debt that prompted international ratings agencies to cut its credit rating last year . The Communist Party has declared controlling financial risk a priority this year .
Zhou warned in October that rising debt could have a `` severe impact '' on the economy but said last week regulators believed they had debt under control .
The central bank governor 's formal powers are limited despite the post 's high profile . Unlike central banks of other major economies , the People 's Bank does n't make monetary policy . Instead , its mission is to carry out policy made by an official body the identity of whose members are secret .
The People 's Bank is widely seen as an advocate of conventional , market-oriented economics .
WANTED IN PIERCE COUNTY —
The search is on for deadly hit and run suspect , Shamus VonBerks .
They have a nationwide warrant for their arrest .
He 's also wanted for driving with a suspended license at the time of the hit and run .
He 's accused of hitting 45 year old Earl Switzer , Jr. with a vehicle in Parkland in February — leaving Switzer lying in the middle of the road . Switzer later died in the hospital from their injuries .
Pierce County prosecutors say VonBerks was identified through Crime Stoppers tips and great investigative work by deputies .
Detectives think they may have fled to Florida .
They also have a warrant for not paying Child Support .
If you know where they are , call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS , or use the P3 Tips App to submit your information .
Gloucestershire hockey starlet Will Hewer has been selected for the Junior U21 European Championships for England which will take place at the end of this month in Valencia , Spain .
Hewer has just left Dean Close School in Cheltenham and is hoping to study International Business at Loughborough University next year as well as playing hockey for Loughborough Students .
They have 52 junior international caps for England Hockey , captaining the Under-16s and U18s and also playing for the U21 team .
Hewer is now in the England U21 and GB Development squad with aspirations to make the jump into the senior GB squad in the future .
“ I am over the moon to have been selected for the European games with the U21s and believe we have a really good chance of being successful after encouraging recent tours to Germany , Belgium and Holland as well as being in a squad who are extremely talented and have heaps of desire and potential , ” said Hewer .
I have been playing my club hockey for Team Bath Buccaneers under coach Jody Paul who truly turned me from a boy playing hockey to an adult hockey player .
“ I also credit my success to coaches Angie Pearce as a youngster who really developed me as a junior and school coach Gary Tredgett for really helping influence my game and being a mentor on and off the pitch to me . ''
Posted by admin on February 15 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
The Russian Ministry of Defense stated that the country 's air forces conducted a high-precision group strike of the area controlled by Jabhat Fatah al-Sham militants in Idlib , from where a projectile was fired downing Russian Su-25 aircraft .
`` A group strike using precision weapons has been conducted in the area controlled by the Jabhat al-Nusra [ Jabhat Fatah al-Sham ] terrorist group in Idlib province , from where the missile was launched against the [ downed ] Russian Su-25 airplane . According to radio intercepts , as a result of the strike , more than 30 militants of Jabhat al-Nusra were destroyed , '' the report by the Russian Defense Ministry said .
The strike followed the downing of the Russian Su-25 aircraft in the area .
`` The plane was flying over the Idlib de-escalation zone , '' the military stated .
​The Defense Ministry revealed that according to preliminary information as to the possible cause of the downing , the plane may have been shot down by a man-portable air-defense system ( MANPAD ) .
​The Russian Defense Ministry stated that the pilot managed to eject from the aircraft and survive , but was killed during a subsequent battle with terrorists .
`` The pilot reported on a bailout in an area controlled by rebels Jabhat Fatah al-Sham [ previously known as al-Nusra Front ] . When conducting a fight with terrorists , the pilot died , '' the Defense Ministry said .
According to the ministry , Russia and Turkey , peace guarantor in Syria 's Idlib de-escalation zone , are taking all possible efforts to return the body of the killed pilot .
During the two-years long military operation in Syria , Russia lost four aircraft and four helicopters . According to Russian Defense Minister Yury Borisov , the country 's air forces used modernized Su-25SM ground attack aircraft are being used in Syria .
The Su-25 attack aircraft is designed to destroy small-size mobile and fixed ground objects , as well as low-speed air targets .
The conflict took place on the territory controlled by the Jabhat Fatah al-Sham terror group amid the ongoing military operation against them conducted by the Syrian forces .
READ MORE : Syrian Troops Start Op to Eliminate Nusra Front Militants in Idlib — Russian MoD
Among various terror groups operating in the area , there is also Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham ( HTS ) , an umbrella terrorist group spearheaded this year by the former Al-Nusra Front . While some countries such as the United States have flagged HTS as a terrorist group , Russian officials continue to refer to the Salafist jihadist terrorist organization by its old Al-Nusra moniker . Al-Nusra was the official Syrian branch of al-Qaeda until 2016 , when it ostensibly split from the world 's most well-known terrorist network .
Emergency service vehicles were the first to cross the Collie River when the ribbon was cut at the Millbridge-Treendale bridge opening on Friday .
Emergency service vehicles were the first to cross the Collie River when the ribbon was cut at the Millbridge-Treendale bridge opening on Friday .
Emergency service vehicles were the first to cross the Collie River when the ribbon was cut at the Millbridge-Treendale bridge opening on Friday .
Harvey shire president Tania Jackson said the opening of the bridge had been many years in the making .
“ It has been an interesting journey to be part of this guided scheme where we have , in the end , sought the contribution from the State to make sure it came to fruition , ” they said .
“ Without that contribution we did look at building the bridge by 2026 , back many years ago when we first started this project and the development of this area .
“ I would like to acknowledge that this bridge is bringing our two communities closer together .
“ This bridge will have a big impact on their ( emergency services ' ) ability to respond much quicker than they have been able to in the past . ”
Dignitries and members of the community walk across the newly opened bridge that connects Eaton and Millbridge . Picture : Jon Gellweiler / South Western Times
Murray-Wellington MLA Robyn Clarke said the new bridge would halve the journey time between the Eaton and Treendale from 20 minutes to about 10 minutes .
“ The travel distance between the Millbridge and Treendale communities will drop by approximately 10km , which will make an enormous difference to those travelling through the area , ” they said .
“ Millbridge and Treendale are two of the fastest growing areas in WA and connecting the two areas is critical to the local road network . ”
Emergency service vehicles were some of the first to cross the newly opened bridge . Picture : Jon Gellweiler
Ms Clarke said the State Government provided $ 9.5 million and the shires of Dardanup and Harvey spent $ 7.2 million on the project .
“ Work on the structure started in early 2017 and generated up to 100 jobs during its peak construction period , including various local sub-contractors and businesses , ” they said .
“ The steel components of the beams for the bridge were also fabricated in Western Australia . ”
A small aircraft crashed into a radio tower north of El Reno in Canadian County .
Oklahoma Highway Patrol and Canadian County officials crash and subsequent fire Wednesday evening .
The Piedmont Fire Department is also assisting the Okarche Fire Department at the scene in the area of Memorial and Manning roads .
Officials have confirmed at least one fatality .
Bob Mills SkyNews 9 was flying over the scene and saw a radio tower had collapsed with smoke coming from where the plane had landed .
The tower reportedly stood at about 1,200 feet .
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more information .
by Sally Colby
A popular social media site recently included a chilling request for prayer after an accident that had just happened . A newborn beef calf was missing and three young children , all under the age of 12 , decided to search for the calf . The three children climbed onto a 4-wheeler , drove off , and at some point crashed . All were hospitalized , but only one was released the same day . One child was flown to a trauma center and the third died . The children were probably accustomed to using the 4-wheeler on the farm as a recreational vehicle and thought nothing of piling on for what they thought was the right thing to do .
Farmers know their work is dangerous , yet they continue to subject children to the same hazardous conditions they work in themselves . Sometimes it takes the unfortunate accident of a young relative or neighbor that results in serious injury or death before farm families take measures to protect young children on the farm .
Marsha Salzwedel , agricultural youth safety specialist at National Children 's Center for World Agriculture Health and Safety , says farm families are quick to talk about the benefits of raising children on the farm . There 's plenty of room for kids to play , and farm life instills passion , love and respect for the land . Young people form lifelong friendships with other farm kids and also develop a work bond with their own family . They learn about life and death , and have an opportunity to grow in character as they learn about work ethic and responsibility .
But farm life is risky . Salzwedel says a young person is injured or dies in a farm-related incident about every three days . “ It is a very dangerous work site for children , ” they said . “ Agriculture is our nation 's most dangerous occupation , and it 's also the only work site in the United States where children of any age can be present . Keeping visitors and friends safe when they visit the farm is also a concern . ”
Salzwedel says the number of occupational fatalities among workers under the age of 16 is high , and there are more youth killed working in agriculture than in all other industries combined . “ Falls are the number one cause of injuries , followed by animals , and machinery and vehicles , ” they said . “ Machinery and vehicles include ATVs , tractors and other farm equipment . “ How can adults address these challenges and risks while still allowing young people to benefit from living on the farm ? Salzwedel explains that many accidents are due to young people performing tasks beyond their capability . “ Children doing work that does n't match their developmental level is associated with an increased injury and fatality risk , ” they said . “ If a 14-year old is unable to comply with a certain assessment for that age group , they should not be doing the job . ”
Adults should make sure certain aspects of training are in place to make the job safe for the youth , such as training youth to call an adult to handle equipment malfunctions . “ A lot of injuries happen when youth try to fix things themselves , ” said Salzwedel . “ Children and youth tend to be reluctant to ask questions and contact an adult when something goes wrong . We need to let them know that it 's okay for them to contact an adult if something breaks down . ”
Children who are six and under should be kept out of the farm work site . “ A lot of the injuries and upwards of 60 percent of fatalities occur in children under 10 years old , ” said Salzwedel . “ Child care is the best option if it 's available , but it can be a challenge in rural areas . If childcare is n't an option , we strongly recommend creating a safe play area on the farm . That play area is fenced in so kids ca n't accidentally run out in front of farm equipment , and children are out of hazardous areas . ”
Salzwedel hears from farmers that they want to nurture their children 's interest in farming , which means they want to take kids to the farm work site . “ There are better ways that are safer , ” they said . “ There are toys and games — everything from ride-on toys and sandbox toys to farm sets and farm simulator video games . There are a lot of ways you can generate interest without taking kids to the work site . ”
Farmers also want to take kids to the field to teach them about the growing cycle . Salzwedel recommends teaching that lesson in the garden , where it 's much safer . “ Gardening is a great way to nurture an interest in farming , ” they said . “ It 's important that you give young people tools that are ergonomically correct and fit the size of their hands and that they can use without hurting themselves . ”
One of the biggest issues for farmers through the generations is the tradition of taking children along in the tractor . “ Tractors are responsible for almost half the fatalities of young children on farms , ” said Salzwedel . “ While it may be a tradition to give the kids a ride on the tractor , it 's a very dangerous one . We strongly recommend that you do n't put children in tractors , even if there 's a buddy seat . Those are intended as an instructor 's seat for people who are learning to drive a tractor and are n't built for small children . The safest place for your child is out of the farm work site , not as an extra rider on a farm tractor . ”
If a young person is going to be driving a tractor , they should be able to easily reach and operate the controls while they 're in the seatbelt . If they ca n't , they should n't be doing the job . Adults should discuss hazards with the young person and reduce as many of those hazards as possible . “ Youth should know that they should never have an extra rider on the tractor , ” said Salzwedel . “ They should know they should n't operate equipment at high speeds . ”
Every farm should have a communication plan and an emergency response plan so that both youth and adults can stay in contact with each other when necessary , and so the youth knows when not to be using a particular device . “ If the youth has a cell phone to contact an adult in case of an emergency , the communication plan should clearly outline when the youth should not be using the phone , ” said Salzwedel . “ For example , they should n't text while driving . ”
ATVs and UTVs are used for both work and recreation , and can be a big help on farms and ranches . But as the example in the social media post so poignantly brings to life , these vehicles are becoming more of a risk for children . It 's critical that these vehicles are used correctly and the youth is old enough to use it . “ We often see in injury and fatality reports a child who is 10 or 11 years old operating a full-size ATV , ” said Salzwedel . “ They simply do n't have the weight , the reach or mental ability to react fast enough and maneuver these vehicles . It 's important that adults make sure youth are old enough and can operate these vehicles safely . ”
More information and safety resources for farm families can be found at www.cultivatesafety.org .
News regarding Brian Bowen 's NCAA eligibility status/NBA decision could be released soon , South Carolina basketball coach Frank Martin told The State on Wednesday afternoon .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“ I 'm not prepared to speak yet , ” Martin said at SEC spring meetings around 3:20 p.m. Wednesday . “ We got some information . Being in those meetings all day , I could n't be on the phone . When you saw me walk out , I was dealing with some of that . I would say within the next hour we will put some stuff out . ''
Bowen , the 6-foot-7 former five-star prospect , transferred to USC from Louisville in January , but has yet to play because of a recruiting scandal that led to them being ruled ineligible for the 2017-18 season . The NCAA still has n't announced if Bowen will be eligible for all or part of the 2018-19 season , which is part of the reason Bowen chose to enter their name into the 2018 NBA draft and attend the NBA combine .
If they are going to play at South Carolina next season , Bowen must remove their name from the draft by 11:59 p.m. Wednesday .
`` I do n't have anything for you , '' Martin said . `` I 'm in information gathering mode . ''
A source close to the situation told The State on Wednesday morning that things were developing and it “ did n't look positive ” for Bowen 's NCAA reinstatement chances .
FILE PHOTO : A flag flies above the head office of the Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) in St Andrew Square in Edinburgh , Scotland , Britain , September 11 , 2014 . REUTERS/Russell Cheyne/File Photo
LONDON Nine years after the beginning of a 45-billion-pound bailout by the British government , Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS.L ) is emerging from its restructuring process a shadow of what was once the biggest lender in the world .
RBS had a balance sheet of 2.4 trillion pounds in 2008 - almost double Britain 's annual economic output at the time - having staged a meteoric rise from being a small Scottish lender in the early 1990s .
Since the bailout it has offloaded billions of pounds of assets a week , as it tries to shrink down to being a simple UK-focused lender .
Later this year RBS will shut its Capital Resolution division , which has sold off large chunks of its huge stockpile of unwanted assets . The closure will mark a milestone in the bank 's road to recovery , with its balance sheet around 1.6 trillion pounds lighter than when its great sell-off began .
`` For the first time in a long time there is a distinction between yesterday and tomorrow , '' Mark Bailie , who runs the unit told Reuters in an interview at the lender 's ultra-modern glass-and-steel offices in London 's financial district .
Infographic ID : '2mPV7La '
RBS has undergone a huge asset sale , ranging from a fleet of aircraft in Beijing and the largest hospital in Sydney , to a golf course 110 km from the nearest road in Florida , and a graveyard in the U.S . Deep South .
The steep and ongoing asset-shedding , plus the deep staff and IT systems overhaul still to come , mean the future shape of RBS and its growth potential are still unknown propositions for investors , according to shareholders and analysts .
`` I think it is not investable at the current time . There is just too much more work to be done , '' said Julian Chillingworth , chief investment officer at Rathbone Brothers , which holds some RBS shares .
Britain 's government has ruled out reducing its stake in the bank until it resolves a multi-billion pound U.S. fine for mis-selling toxic mortgage-backed securities and resolves its state aid requirements .
The bank 's relatively small size now and the cost of its nine-year overhaul is raising questions from politicians and industry experts over whether taxpayers - who already face a paper loss of 29 billion pounds on their investment - will see the kind of stellar RBS growth needed to retrieve all their cash .
Few in the banking sector or government believe rescuing and reducing RBS was the wrong decision , given the risks it posed to the wider financial system . A collapse could have triggered a run on every bank in Britain .
Still , RBS 's story illustrates the perils of bailouts at a time when state intervention is back in focus in Europe ; while EU regulations have been tightened to make state bailouts a last resort , the Rome government is nonetheless seeking permission from European authorities to bail out debt-laden Monte dei Paschi di Siena and two smaller Italian banks .
An RBS spokesperson directed queries on whether taxpayers would retrieve their money to comments by Chief Executive Ross McEwan last year when they said it was possible the state would not get its full investment back .
A spokesperson for the Treasury said any future sale of its stake is dependent on market conditions , and that the government will seek value for money for taxpayers .
90 BILLION Bills
It was three weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers crippled global credit markets in 2008 that Britain 's then finance minister Alistair Darling had to make a snap decision to buy RBS .
The giant bank was hurtling towards bankruptcy so fast no one in government had a chance to find out exactly what it owned or how to value it .
Reuters calculations based on RBS 's financial statements going back to the crisis show how extreme the turnaround has been since then .
RBS 's management has been selling or running off on average 3 billion pounds worth of assets every week , according to the analysis which tracked the size of the bank 's balance sheet from 2008 onwards .
That 's the equivalent of selling London 's Shard – Western Europe 's tallest skyscraper – every five days .
In total about 1.6 trillion pounds of assets have been stripped out of RBS 's balance sheet - equivalent to the economic output of Brazil .
Bailie , 44 , a qualified accountant , was tasked with shedding much of these unwanted assets .
`` You had an unsustainable balance sheet , an unsustainable culture and an unsustainable cost base and , therefore , I do think it will be the biggest turnaround ever done , '' they said .
Much is yet to be done , according to the other senior RBS source who said the bank had three to four years of cutbacks ahead .
Tasks range from reducing the number of payment systems from 140 to 10 , and mortgage processing systems from five to one , to cutting thousands of back-office staff , said the source , who declined to be named as they are not authorized to speak publicly .
Reuters calculations also put a final cost on RBS 's lending losses in terms of write-offs , plus the writedowns on assets , as well as restructuring costs , legal bills and fines .
It tops 90 billion pounds .
That could rise further with the bank waiting to end a string of legal issues , including the U.S. fine and a lawsuit from shareholders over a rights issue it launched months before its bailout .
Analysts say the bank 's ongoing restructuring , legal issues and growth concerns , now it has shed assets in its lucrative investment banking business , U.S. and insurance operations , make it difficult to recommend investing in .
Of 23 analysts covering RBS stock , only two have a `` buy '' recommendation , according to Thomson Reuters data .
`` Someone looked at RBS and said it 's a lovely piece of fruit but it has a brown rotten bit , let 's cut that out , '' said Seb Walker , a managing director at data analytics firm Tricumen . `` Then you always end up cutting deeper and deeper and you 're left with a tiny core that no longer has much fruit on it . ''
LAST ONES STANDING
Bailie 's office is on the 10th floor of RBS 's London offices , where they command a team of about 200 employees who are still selling soured loans , as well large stakes in companies amassed during the bank 's years of rapid growth .
They work beneath fluorescent signs that say `` The Clearing Warehouse '' , `` The Wind Down Merchants '' , `` The Salvage Crew '' and `` The Last Ones Standing '' .
Visiting the bank 's branch in Chennai , south India , Bailie said local staff took them to a strong room to demonstrate one reason why closing the business might not be straightforward .
They recall a colleague opening a safe to reveal 1.2 million post-dated checks . They often perform the role of direct debits in India , with customers sending a series to their bank , which makes the payments to the relevant companies at the correct times .
RBS had to find a new lender for each customer .
`` That was an interesting moment when I thought , hmm , are we going to be able to do this ? '' Bailie said .
Bailie 's wind-down unit also contains smaller and more esoteric assets that are the legacy of RBS 's expansion , including an abstract sculpture called 'Rock Form ' by Barbara Hepworth housed in a shopping centre owned by RBS .
Bailie said this was among the hardest things the bank had to sell , because prospective buyers of the shopping centre in the west of England did n't want to insure the artwork to keep it there . But it was precious to the local population .
Bailie 's hope is that RBS 's problems are close to being resolved and that they can now spend more time talking about the smaller , safer , profitable business emerging from the husk of the former bank .
`` This thing makes a billion pounds a quarter . You can see the light at the end of the tunnel . ''
( Editing by Pravin Char )
BOISE , Idaho - On May 15 , 2018 , Idahoans will head to the polls to vote in a primary election , a big day for candidates vying for Idaho 's highest position .
Idaho Democratic candidate Anthony Joseph `` A.J . '' Balukoff faces state Rep. Paulette Jordan , a Democrat from Plummer , in the May primary election .
Balukoff filed paperwork to be a gubernatorial candidate in November .
Balukoff unsuccessfully ran for political office for the first time in 2014 as a Democratic candidate against Gov . C.L . `` Butch '' Otter .
Otter has since said they wo n't run for a fourth term , creating a competitive opening for the state 's top elected position .
In Republican-dominant Idaho , Democratic candidate face an uphill battle in most state and local elections .
Balukoff said , if elected , they believe he 'll be able to work with the legislature to accomplish their agenda .
`` I think those are people I can work with and they can work with me , '' Balukoff said . `` I 've been on the Boise School Board for 21 years , and , over that time , I 've been down to the Legislature to work with and talk with the legislators and Senators about education bills . I find that we can talk , and we can discuss differences , and we can come to compromises and solutions that fit both of us . I have confidence that they 'll work with me and I can work with them. ``
Party leaders remain hopeful that attention on the state 's top Democratic primary elections will spark more participation and voter turnout .
The Associated Press contributed to this article .
The measure is aimed at non-governmental organizations which Libya accuses of facilitating illegal migration
Published 11:30 PM , August 13 , 2017
ROME , Italy – The Italian government on Sunday , August 13 , welcomed Libya 's decision to bar foreign vessels from a stretch of water off its coast , as both countries struggle with a migrant crisis that has engulfed Europe in recent years .
The comments from Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano came as a second non-governmental organization announced it was suspending operations in the area in response to the Libyan move .
The Libyan government `` is ready to put in place a search and rescue zone in its waters , work with Europe , and invest in its coastguards , '' Alfano told La Stampa daily on Sunday .
`` This sends a signal that the balance is being restored in the Mediterranean . ''
Libya 's navy last week ordered foreign vessels to stay out of a coastal `` search and rescue zone '' for migrants headed for Europe , saying the measure was aimed at non-governmental organizations it accuses of facilitating illegal migration .
Six years since a revolution that toppled longtime dictator Moamer Kadhafi , Libya has become a key departure point for migrants risking their lives to cross the Mediterranean to Europe .
Tens of thousands of migrants have resorted to paying human traffickers for the journey , often on overcrowded and unseaworthy boats , and charities have dispatched ships to rescue them from drowning .
'Significant investment '
Meanwhile , Libya and Italy – where the vast majority of migrants land – have worked together to stem the flow , with Italy also moving to rein in NGOs helping the multinational rescue operations by making them sign up to a new code of conduct .
`` We need a significant , I repeat a significant European economic investment in Libya and in Africa , '' Alfano said .
`` Europe has to decide if the theme of migration flows is an absolute priority on the same scale as the economy . For us , it is . ''
The Libyan measure prompted the German aid group Sea Eye to announce on Sunday it is suspending its migrant rescue operations in the Mediterranean , citing security concerns .
Sea Eye said in a statement that it was with `` a heavy heart '' that it made its decision , after the Libyan government 's `` explicit threat against the private NGOs . ''
`` Under these circumstances , a continuation of our rescue work is not currently possible . It would be irresponsible towards our crews , '' Sea Eye founder Michael Buschheuer said .
The move came one day after Doctors Without Borders ( MSF ) had said it was also halting the use of its largest boat in the area because of an `` increasingly hostile environment for lifesaving rescue operations . ''
Migrant aid ships have played a key role in assisting rescue operations .
Sea Eye said it has helped save some 12,000 lives since April 2016 , and cautioned Sunday that the retreat of aid groups from Libya 's coast was putting lives at risk .
`` We leave behind a deadly gap in the Mediterranean , '' Buschheuer warned .
But Alfano said MSF 's decision `` is also within the framework of a balance readjustment . ''
The number of migrant arrivals in Italy in July was down dramatically on the same month last year , suggesting efforts to train up and better equip the North African country 's coastguard could already be having an impact .
The interior ministry said 11,193 new arrivals had been registered in July , compared with 23,552 in July 2016 .
Arrivals for the first 7 months of this year were 95,214 , up 0.78 % on the same period last year .
Some 600,000 mostly African migrants have arrived in Italy from Libya since the start of 2014 . ( READ : Numbers tell staggering story of EU migrant crisis ) – Rappler.com
Toronto - The driver suspected of killing 10 people and injuring 15 others when they ploughed a rental van into pedestrians in Toronto made their first court appearance on Tuesday , where details of a motive for the attack were expected to emerge .
While the worst mass killing in Canada in decades has the hallmarks of other deadly vehicle assaults by Islamic State supporters in the United States and Europe , officials said it did not represent a threat to national security .
Suspect Alek Minassian , 25 , entered a Toronto courtroom on Tuesday morning . Their head was shaved and they were looking down as prosecutors announced they were charging them with 10 counts of first-degree murder .
The proceedings began after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addressed the attack outside of parliament in Ottawa , calling on all Canadians to stand united with Toronto .
`` We can not as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business . We need to focus on doing what we can and we must keep Canadians safe while we stay true to the freedoms and values that we all as Canadians hold dear , '' Trudeau said .
The prime minister said that , while it would take time before the motives of the attacker were understood , the incident had not changed the country 's threat level or security preparations for a G7 summit in Quebec in June .
Read more : Canada in shock after man drives van into crowd , killing 10
People left flowers at a makeshift memorial , which grew as commuters returned to work on Tuesday morning . Blank white posters left against a stone wall were covered with messages .
The Canadian flag was lowered to half-staff at parliament and at Toronto city hall .
Minassian , who was not previously known to authorities , attended a high school program where one classmate remembered them as `` absolutely harmless . ''
The officer who apprehended Minassian was praised for making a peaceful arrest even as the suspect shouted `` Kill me '' and claimed to have a gun .
Canadians mourned as the victims began to be identified on Tuesday .
`` We are a peaceful , tolerant , free society . The horrific violence on Toronto 's Yonge Street will strengthen rather than undermine these truths , '' columnist John Ibbitson wrote in the Globe and Mail national newspaper .
The attack shook the usually peaceful streets of Toronto , a multicultural city with a population of 2.8 million . The city recorded 61 murders last year .
Downtown Toronto 's iconic CN Tower , which is normally lit up in the evening , went dark on Monday evening .
The drama started at lunchtime on a warm spring day , when the driver drove their vehicle into the crowds . The street was soon covered in blood , empty shoes and bodies .
Canada is still recovering from the shock of a highway crash in Saskatchewan earlier this month that killed 16 people on a bus carrying a junior hockey team .
In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends , which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by services ( data management solutions , quality control products ) , application ( immunochemistry , microbiology ) , manufacturer type ( OEMS , third-party control manufacturers ) market status and outlook of global and major regions , from manufacturers , and end industries . As this report is expected to help key players among the In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023 . Some of the prominent participants in the Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market are Roche Diagnostics , Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , Helena Laboratories , Randox Laboratories Ltd , Seracare Life Sciences , Inc. , Sero as , Technopath Clinical Diagnostics. , Ortho Clinical Diagnostics , Inc. , Abbott Laboratories Inc. , and Bio-Rad Laboratories , Inc . According to report the Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market is expected to grow at a CAGR between 3.0 % and 3.5 % over the forecast period of 2017 – 2023 .
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report : - https : //www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/714
The Emerging Markets are expected to Provide Opportunities for Major Players in the In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market to Expand
The report identified that Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control is driven by factors such as Rising Demand for External Quality Assessment ( EQA ) Support , Number of Accredited Clinical Laboratories are increasing , Acceptance of Third-Party Quality Controls is Increased , and Government Regulation . While the restraining factors include High Cost of In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control in Hospitals and Laboratories . Further , the report identifies the opportunities in the world market as Rising Demand for Multi-Analyte Controls .
Segments Covered
The report on Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market covers the segments based on Products and Services , Application , Manufacturer Type andEnd User . The Products and Services of In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control include Data Management Solutions , Quality Control Products and Quality Assurance Services . The Application segment includes Immunochemistry , Microbiology , Clinical Chemistry , Molecular Diagnostics , Clinical Chemistry , Hematology and Other Applications . On the basis of Manufacturer Type the Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market is segmented as OEMS , Third-Party Control Manufacturers . On the basis of End User Clinical Laboratories , Hospitals , Research and Academic Institutes and Other End Users .
Asia Pacific Market is expected to grow at the Highest CAGR over the Forecast Period 2017-2023
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America , Europe , Asia-Pacific , and Rest of the World . In this section the key trends and market size for each geography are provided over the period of 2017 – 2023.Globally , North America market dominated the world In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market followed by Europe and Asia-Pacific . Furthermore , Asia Pacific market is expected to grow at the highest CAGR over the forecast period 2017-2023 . Due to fast growth in the number of accredited laboratories and increasing use of quality control products in this region .
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Research Report
The report provides profiles of the companies in the Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market such as , Roche Diagnostics , Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , Helena Laboratories , Randox Laboratories Ltd , Seracare Life Sciences , Inc. , Sero as , Technopath Clinical Diagnostics. , Ortho Clinical Diagnostics , Inc. , Abbott Laboratories Inc. , and Bio-Rad Laboratories , Inc .
Table of Contents :
1 . Preface
1.1 . Report description
1.2 . Research methods
1.3 . Research approaches
2 . Executive summary
3 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market Overview
3.1 . Introduction
3.2 . Market dynamics
3.2.1 . Drivers
3.2.2 . Restraints
3.2.3 . Opportunities
3.3 . Porter 's five forces analysis
3.4 . Competitive landscape in the In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market
4 . IGR- Snapshots
4.1 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market key trends
4.2 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by products and services
4.3 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Application
4.4 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Manufacturer Type
4.5 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by end user
4.6 . IGR-Growth matrix analysis
5 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market analysis , by Products and Services ( USD million ) 2017 – 2023
5.1 . Data Management Solutions
5.2 . Quality Control Products
5.2.1 . Urine-Based Controls
5.2.2 . Whole-Blood-Based Controls
5.2.3 . Whole-Blood-Based Controls
5.2.4 . Other IVD Quality Controls
5.3 . Quality Assurance Services
6 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market analysis , by Application ( USD million ) 2017 – 2023
6.1 . Immunochemistry
6.2 . Microbiology
6.3 . Coagulation/Hemostasis
6.4 . Clinical Chemistry
6.5 . Molecular Diagnostics
6.6 . Hematology
6.7 . Other Applications
7 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market analysis , by Manufacturer Type ( USD million ) 2017 – 2023
7.1 . OEMS
7.2 . Third-Party Control Manufacturers
7.2.1 . Independent Manufacturer Controls
7.2.2 . Instrument-Specific Controls
8 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market analysis , by End User ( USD million ) 2017 – 2023
8.1 . Clinical Laboratories
8.2 . Hospitals
8.3 . Research and Academic Institutes
8.4 . Other End Users
9 . Global In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market analysis , regional analysis ( USD million ) 2017 – 2023
9.1 . North America
9.1.1 . North America In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Products and Services ( USD million )
9.1.2 . North America In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Application ( USD million )
9.1.3 . North America In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Manufacturer Type ( USD million )
9.1.4 . North America In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by End User ( USD million )
9.1.5 . North America In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by country ( USD million )
9.2 . Europe
9.2.1 . Europe In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Products and Services ( USD million )
9.2.2 . Europe In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Application ( USD million )
9.2.3 . Europe In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Manufacturer Type ( USD million )
9.2.4 . Europe In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by End User ( USD million )
9.2.5 . Europe In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by country ( USD million )
9.3 . Asia Pacific
9.3.1 . Asia Pacific In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Products and Services ( USD million )
9.3.2 . Asia Pacific In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Application ( USD million )
9.3.3 . Asia Pacific In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Manufacturer Type ( USD million )
9.3.4 . Asia Pacific In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by End User ( USD million )
9.3.5 . Asia Pacific In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by country ( USD million )
9.4 . Rest of the World ( RoW )
9.4.1 . RoW In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Products and Services ( USD million )
9.4.2 . RoW In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Application ( USD million )
9.4.3 . RoW In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by Manufacturer Type ( USD million )
9.4.4 . RoW In Vitro Diagnostics ( IVD ) Quality Control Market by End User ( USD million )
10 . Company profiles
10.1 . Roche Diagnostics
10.2 . Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc .
10.3 . Helena Laboratories
10.4 . Randox Laboratories Ltd
10.5 . Seracare Life Sciences , Inc .
10.6 . Sero as
10.7 . Technopath Clinical Diagnostics
10.8 . Ortho Clinical Diagnostics , Inc .
10.9 . Abbott Laboratories Inc .
10.10 . Bio-Rad Laboratories , Inc .
Click the Below Full Report Link https : //www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_in_vitro_diagnostics_quality_control_market
President Trump and first lady Melania Trump on the South Lawn of the White House upon their return from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland where they greeted three Americans just released by North Korea , May 10 , 2018 .
YURI GRIPAS / POOL/ EPA-EFE
The people wringing their hands about the whereabouts of first lady Melania Trump can calm down now : They tweeted for the first time in ... uh ... two days and said she 's at the White House , feeling fine , thanks for asking .
But the worriers will probably keep on worrying : It 's just a tweet , we did n't actually see the first lady , and their tweet sounded ... well , sort of like President Trump might have written it . Or dictated it .
`` I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I 'm doing . Rest assured , I 'm here at the @ WhiteHouse w my family , feeling great , & working hard on behalf of children & the American people ! — Melania Trump ''
I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I 'm doing . Rest assured , I 'm here at the @ WhiteHouse w my family , feeling great , & working hard on behalf of children & the American people ! — Melania Trump ( @ FLOTUS ) May 30 , 2018
`` Working overtime '' is a favorite phrase of the president , as many pointed out .
working overtime huh pic.twitter.com/hTfwcbAAyl — Adam Parkhomenko ( @ AdamParkhomenko ) May 30 , 2018
Comedian Sarah Silverman was n't buying Trump 's tweet . `` Who is this ? where 's Melania ? , '' they wondered on Twitter .
The first lady , still an enigma in Washington a year after their arrival at the White House , is the capital 's media mystery du jour , with the burning question : Where is Melania ?
To Trump 's spokesperson , Stephanie Grisham , it 's all too unbearably silly . They have seen Trump and she 's fine , they say .
`` I 've gone on the record countless times to tell people she 's here at the White House , working hard and participating in several meetings . But sadly , the rumors abound , '' Grisham said in an email to USA TODAY .
And of course they wrote their own tweet , Grisham added .
But some media outlets are keeping a daily count of absence : They have n't been seen in 20 — gasp ! — days , says CNN , whose story on the most elusive member of the Trump team first appeared Tuesday when they had been out of sight for 19 days .
As first lady , Trump is low-key , not a spotlight seeker , and not a major presence on Twitter the way their husband is .
But their absence from the usual comings and goings at the White House is intriguing to many because it immediately followed their mysterious five-day stay in a hospital for an unspecified kidney procedure that the White House said went well . They went to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on May 14 and returned to the White House on May 19 .
True , they have been tweeting more than usual — about Memorial Day , about the Medal of Honor recipient , about the latest school shooting mass murder in Texas — but they had n't actually been spotted in their signature glamazon look ( couture outfit , towering heels ) since May 10 , in the middle of the night .
On # MemorialDay we honor the many Americans who laid down their lives for our great country . As one nation under God , we come together to remember that freedom is n't free . Thank you to all the service members & their families who sacrifice so much to keep us safe . 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/H6yhNQXyPg — Melania Trump ( @ FLOTUS ) May 28 , 2018
That was when they accompanied President Trump to Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to greet three just-freed Americans who had been detained in North Korea for more than a year . It was dark but they looked fine , dressed in a tailored pantsuit with cropped pants .
Before that , on May 7 , they appeared in the White House Rose Garden to announce their `` Be Best '' FLOTUS agenda , aimed at improving the well-being of children .
Meanwhile , the mocking , spoofing and mean-tweeting ( aimed at POTUS mostly ) on Twitter poured out . On May 26 , a week after they got out of the hospital , an anti-Trump tweeter , Bill Palmer of the Palmer Report , posted about them being `` missing . ''
Melania Trump has gone missing — https : //t.co/d2BaE58Suz — Palmer Report ( @ PalmerReport ) May 26 , 2018
On May 25 , a reporter shouted a question to the president about their wife 's whereabouts as they prepared to board Marine One . According to the pool report , they pointed to a window in the White House and said : “ She 's doing great . She 's looking at us right there. ” Reporters turned to look but they are n't there .
That episode was an invitation to meme-making on Twitter .
Melania has n't been seen in public since May 10th . When a reporter asked Trump about her , they said they were up in the window. # WhereIsMelania pic.twitter.com/PXKRqksdG8 — Cornelia ( @ PaladinCornelia ) May 28 , 2018
More partisan tweeters took the opportunity to use the first lady-is-missing theme to needle the Trump administration about its recent admission by immigration authorities that they had `` lost track '' of the whereabouts of about 1,500 immigrant children in their custody .
`` Where are the 1500 missing children , and where is Melania Trump ? How does 1500 children go missing , and how is it no one has seen the First Lady of the United States in over 3 weeks ? '' asked tweeter Christopher Bouzy .
Where are the 1500 missing children , and where is Melania Trump ? How does 1500 children go missing , and how is it no one has seen the First Lady of the United States in over 3 weeks ? — Christopher Bouzy ( @ cbouzy ) May 29 , 2018
`` So ... has the WH lost track of another immigrant ? # WhereIsMelania , '' tweeted Bill Spring . Trump , 48 , is an immigrant born in Slovenia .
So ... has the WH lost track of another immigrant ? # WhereIsMelania — Bill Spring ( @ springbill_bill ) May 27 , 2018
Others said there was legitimate reason to wonder about Trump 's health .
`` Regardless of party , I think all Americans wish @ FLOTUS only the best . It is fair , however , with a @ WhiteHouse that routinely misleads the public , to ask where Mrs. Trump is and to have a better understanding of their health condition , '' tweeted Rev . Dr. Chuck Currie .
Regardless of party , I think all Americans wish @ FLOTUS only the best . It is fair , however , with a @ WhiteHouse that routinely misleads the public , to ask where Mrs. Trump is and to have a better understanding of their health condition . https : //t.co/3fgjkkmpSu — Rev . Dr. Chuck Currie ( @ RevChuckCurrie ) May 27 , 2018
Trump has already established themselves as an unconventional first lady , having delayed their arrival in Washington for five months to allow their 12-year-old son to finish the school year in New York . Since then she 's been mocked for their clothes and their shoes and criticized for a donation of Dr. Seuss books .
She 's also endured fevered speculation about the state of their marriage after cameras caught them brushing off their extended hand and after they cancelled a foreign trip with them following explosive allegations from a former adult film star that they had a one-night fling with them years ago and was paid to keep quiet about it before the 2016 election .
And who can forget that memorable day in October when Twitter conspiracy theorists became convinced that POTUS was standing next to a body double , not their wife , in a picture .
`` Once again we find ourselves consumed with a ridiculous non-story when we could be talking about the work the first lady is doing on behalf of children , '' Grisham said in an email .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
This warmer weather must be confusing for all the plants . So what does it mean for crops like Idaho 's wine grapes ?
`` This season we are coming off a recovery from last season , '' said Mike Williamson , Partner with the Williamson Orchard and Vineyard .
The Williamson Orchards and Vineyards lost 95 percent of their production last year . The company was founded in 1998 and is known for producing award-winning wine . This year they are hoping for an early bloom .
`` An early bloom can cause an early ripening later on . Which can help us to bring our product to the market soon , '' said Williamson .
Chief Meteorologist Scott Dorval said we are in the middle of winter and anything can happen .
`` To get an early bloom is to not get a late season freeze and that does n't come until March or April . Time will tell , '' said Dorval .
They added the Treasure Valley still has the opportunity to see several waves of cold air before the end of winter . Williamson said as long as the temperature does n't drop to below negative six they should be fine .
They have learned how to weather the storm from past weather patterns over the years .
`` What we have sprinklers installed underneath our trees that raise the temperatures , and you can gain some protection from the frost from that . There are wind machines that we put out in our orchids that will mix the warm and cold air , '' Williamson added .
Williamson is predicting an early bloom and booming business .
Treasure Valley -
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) - Sit-down restaurants in California may soon stop automatically providing disposable plastic straws with drinks unless customers request them .
The state Assembly advanced a bill Wednesday that would require dine-in restaurants provide single-use plastic straws only upon request .
Plastic straws contribute to the buildup of trash in the oceans , a major environmental and public health problem , Assemblyman Ian Calderon said . Fish and whales ingest plastic particulate , which can kill them or cause plastic to enter the human food supply when marine animals that have eaten plastic are consumed by people , they said . The Whittier Democrat described their bill as a `` small step , but in the right direction . ''
Assemblyman Matthew Harper opposed the bill , saying it will make it harder for restaurants to do business in California . The Huntington Beach Republican said instead of passing a law regulating restaurants , the Legislature should impose harsher punishments for people who litter .
Restaurants would be warned for first and second violations and fined $ 25 per day for subsequent violations , with an annual fine limit of $ 300 .
The bill , AB1884 , passed 45-17 . It still requires approval from the state Senate and governor before it can become law .
DURHAM , N.C. -- Some of the most effective treatments against viral infections and cancer belong to a class of drugs called nucleoside analogs . These are essentially faulty versions of molecular building blocks that can slip into cells and get incorporated into DNA , effectively throwing a wrench into the machinery that viruses and cancer cells to make copies of themselves .
Such compounds , which include chemotherapeutic agents like 5-fluorouracil and gemcitabine , popular HIV drugs like AZT , and potent hepatitis B treatments like acyclovir , have dramatically changed the outcomes for millions of people afflicted with life-threatening illnesses .
Duke University scientists have now modeled the complex shape and movement of biomolecules to make an animation depicting how nucleoside analogs and natural nucleosides are transported into cells . The heart of the system is a specific molecule aptly named the concentrative nucleoside transporter , or CNT . The scientists ' movie shows CNT slowly moving its cargo like an elevator , stopping at various points across the cell membrane before reaching the other side .
Their findings , published early online in Nature , provide important structural information that could be used to design smarter , more specific anticancer and antiviral drugs .
`` Our study is the first to provide a visualization of almost every possible conformation of this transporter in motion , '' said senior study author Seok-Yong Lee , Ph.D. , associate professor of biochemistry at Duke University School of Medicine . `` By understanding how this transporter recognizes and imports nucleosides , we may be able to redesign drugs that are better at getting inside specific cells like those harboring cancer or a virus . ''
The blueprint for every living organism lies in the twisted strands of DNA buried within cells . These strands are comprised of four nucleotide `` bases '' - G , A , C , T , arranged along a backbone of sugars and phosphate molecules . Every time a cell grows and divides , it has to make more copies of those original strands of DNA . Hence , active cells are constantly importing more building blocks to replenish their genetic material , especially the essential nucleosides , which are like a nucleotide base without a phosphate attached .
Fifty years ago , scientists designed the first nucleoside analogs , molecular mimics that muck up this DNA construction supply chain in order to incapacitate rapidly growing and particularly needy cancer cells and viruses .
Like their natural counterparts , nucleoside analogues are carried across the cell membrane by special proteins called nucleoside transporters . In this study , Lee 's group sought to capture one of the most common transporters , known as the concentrative nucleoside transporter or CNT , as it traversed the membrane .
Marscha Hirschi , a graduate student in Lee 's lab , used a technique called x-ray crystallography to create an atomic-level three-dimensional picture of the protein . They then took a series pictures of CNT in different conformations to produce a kind of time-lapse video of the transporter in action : first , as it is ready to capture the nucleoside uridine on the surface of the cell ; next , as it moved across the membrane in stages ; and finally , as it released the uridine inside the cell .
`` We found that there is a region on the protein called the transport domain that acts like an elevator , shifting into different conformations as it transports cargo up and down across the membrane , '' said Lee . `` Other studies had shown that many transporters move in this way , but ours is the first to record nearly all of the stages of the elevator model . This more detailed understanding could provide a platform to the future development of drugs that are more selective and efficient . ''
Lee says that transporters responsible for importing a variety of different molecules , such as neurotransmitters , metabolites , and ions , use mechanisms similar to CNT . Thus , the new findings could have implications that reach beyond viral infections and cancer to a number of different clinically relevant physiological processes .
# # #
The research was supported by the National Institutes of Health ( R01GM100984 and R35NS097241 ) .
CITATION : `` Visualizing Multistep Elevator-Like Transitions of a Nucleoside Transporter , '' Marscha Hirschi , Zachary Lee Johnson , and Seok-Yong Lee . Nature , Advanced Online , April 17 , 2017 . DOI 10.1038/nature22057
The global ultra-low alpha metal market has been studied to witness the presence of some of the powerful names in the industry , viz . Alpha Assembly Solutions , Pure Technologies , Mitsubishi Materials Corporation , Tech Resources Limited , and Honeywell International Inc. Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) has prognosticated market players to face a moderate level of competition in the near future . Players could look to widen their product portfolios with a view to have an upper hand over their competitors . A majority of players have been manufacturing products that would suit the requirements of the automotive and aviation industries experiencing a boom in their growth .
TMR has expected the global ultra-low alpha metal market to expand at a 7.4 % CAGR between 2017 and 2025 to earn a US $ 4.9 bn by the end of the forecast tenure . In 2017 , the market had earnings of US $ 2.7 bn . By product , the market has been divided into ultra-low alpha lead-free alloys , ultra-low alpha lead alloys , ultra-low alpha tin alloys , and ultra-low alpha tin . Regionally , Asia Pacific has been anticipated to grab a major share of the market by the final forecast year while earning a US $ 3.1 bn .
High Utilization for Soldering Fabrication in Flip Chip Technology Sector Ups Demand
The world ultra-low alpha metal market has been prophesied to gain a significant demand owing to a heavy engagement in soldering applications . In the flip chip technology domain , ultra-low alpha metal is chiefly used in soldering fabrication : for instance , solder microspheres and copper pillar solder caps are required in advanced flip chip and 3D wafer-level chip packages . Moreover , it could be used in circuit boards , semiconductor packaging , printed circuit boards ( PCBs ) , bumping , and plating . These components are employed in a number of industries such as telecommunication , automotive , aviation , medical , and electronics .
Even though alloys containing silver are priced relatively expensive , they have been opted by several manufacturers for soldering applications . Such factors have been predicted to boost the engagement of ultra-low alpha metal . End-user industry applications primarily demand ultra-low alpha metal for zero-defect wave soldering requiring a consistent quality of solders . All of these factors have been projected to noticeably improve the demand in the world ultra-low alpha metal market .
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=19562
Fluctuating Prices of Raw Materials Eventually Impacting Cost of Alloys Delay Growth
The international ultra-low alpha metal market has been foreseen to be hampered by the negative impact on the cost of alloys on account of the fluctuation in raw material prices . The market could be hindered to attain its true potential because of the volatility in the demand and supply chain . However , if players could cope with the changing patterns of consumer demands , there could be ample of opportunities to cash in on . The critically specific demands of consumers actually direct the ship of the demand in the market .
The enforcement of the Restriction on Hazardous Substances Directive on electric and electronic equipment manufacturers regarding the usage of hazardous substances has persuaded them to make replacements with different types of ultra-low alpha metal . Thus , the demand for substitute alloys over those containing lead to be used in soldering applications could augur well for the market .
About us :
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research , customized research , and consulting services . TMR 's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical , chemicals and materials , technology and media , food and beverages , and consumer goods , among others . Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts , competitive landscape , detailed segmentation , key trends , and strategic recommendations .
Contact us :
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
DENMARK – There are far more questions than answers in the disappearance of journalist Kim Wall , who has n't been heard from since they boarded Peter Madsen 's now-sunken submarine Thursday night on Denmark 's Refshaleoen island .
The sub has since been raised , and Wall 's body was n't in it . Madsen is n't contesting a court decision to keep them in custody for up to 24 days as Danish police investigate , and while they have been charged with killing Wall by unknown means , their lawyer has denied they had anything to do with them vanishing .
The Local quotes a Sunday press conference with the Copenhagen Police deputy chief inspector , who said Madsen 's story has changed , from initially telling officials they dropped Wall off at 10:30pm Thursday night on the island to another unspecified explanation since .
The Guardian reports Madsen says they spent about three hours on their Nautilus sub , the largest privately made one in the world at the time of its 2008 launch ; the Swedish journalist , who divides their time between New York and Beijing , was doing a profile on Madsen .
The Local also picks up a report from a Swedish tabloid that cites a witness who said Madsen 's sub was seen sailing without its lights on some two hours before Wall 's partner reported the vessel as missing around 2:30am Friday .
“ There was very nearly a collision ” between the sub and a freighter , per the witness . The Washington Post describes Wall as accomplished—the London School of Economics and Columbia University grad wrote for the New York Times , Guardian , and Atlantic , among others—and recounts their travels to Pyongyang , Sri Lanka , and the Marshall Islands for stories .
Journalist Kim Wall remains missing : `` Denmark should not be considered a dangerous assignment for journalists . '' https : //t.co/GO8bBuK5RP — CPJ ( @ pressfreedom ) August 12 , 2017
This article originally appeared on Newser : They Vanished After Boarding Their Sub . Now , Their Story Changes
More From Newser :
A small airplane crashed near a Lidl supermarket in a residential area outside Lisbon on Monday , killing five people , rescue workers said .
The private airplane crashed after taking off from the small Tires airport , which is located near the resort town of Cascais about 20 km ( 12.5 miles ) west of Lisbon and used mainly by private aircraft .
Andre Fernandes , a spokesperson for the local emergency services , said the plane was headed for Marseilles in France . Everyone on board the plane , three French and one Swiss , died .
Another person on the ground died when the plane crashed into a truck , setting off a fire , Fernandes said . The cause of the accident was not yet known .
President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa went to the site of the crash . There were more than 50 rescue workers at the site .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - The fourth nor'easter in three weeks is set to smack the East Coast on the first day of spring .
The bulk of the dangerous , wind-driven snow and sleet is expected to wallop New Jersey , Maryland , Delaware and parts of eastern Pennsylvania before heading off to Nantucket early Thursday , the National Weather Service said .
Sleet and freezing rain are expected Tuesday afternoon , the first day of spring . On Wednesday , about 6 to 9 inches of snow is expected , with some areas getting nearly a foot .
The jet stream , the upper level river of air that guides weather , is stuck in a plunging pattern that brings plenty of moisture from the south up the East Coast , said Brian Hurley , senior forecaster at the National Weather Service 's Weather Prediction Center .
Four nor'easters in three weeks is highly unusual , but it happens when a pattern locks in . And that 's happened , Hurley said .
Officials are cautioning against unnecessary travel Wednesday afternoon and evening , when snow could be falling as much as 3 inches an hour .
Widespread power outages are possible , especially Wednesday , with gusts of up to 35 mph at times .
`` Upper level patterns like this tend to repeat and you tend to get these serial storms , one after the other , '' weather.us meteorologist Ryan Maue said , adding that Europe will get the same drumbeat of storms a few days later .
But `` the calendar is catching up to spring , '' Maue said . `` Thankfully , you 're going to see some spring pretty soon . ''
___
AP Science Writer Seth Borenstein contributed to this report from Washington .
Emily Heise and the Brookland-Cayce girls ' soccer team did n't get the storybook ending it wanted .
Indian Land goalkeeper Emma Thompson turned away Elizabeth McGee 's shot in the third round of penalty kicks to help the Warriors to a 2-1 win ( 5-3 in PKs ) over the Bearcats on Saturday in the Class 3A state championship at Irmo 's W.C. Hawkins Stadium .
It was the Warriors ' first state championship and ends Heise 's career at B-C . The former Bearcat standout is leaving to take the coaching job with Gray Collegiate girls soccer team , along with their husband Kevin Heise , who will be the boys coach after resigning from B-C last month .
“ If this team does n't know life is n't fair at times , just watch that game , ” Heise said . “ Nobody deserved a state championship more than these girls or this program . I could think of 93,000 reasons why they deserved it over any other team . Unfortunately , it was n't our day . Sometimes , it just does n't work out for the team , no matter how much heart and effort you put it into it . ”
B-C was making its first state championship appearance since 2006 , when Heise was a player .
The Bearcats had chances to take the lead after the match was tied 1-1 in the 13th minute . B-C outshot Indian Land , 21-7 , but Thompson was up to the challenge .
Thompson , who entered the game with 15 shutouts , finished with 13 saves and came up with their biggest moment when they stopped McGee in the third round of penalty kicks .
“ It was just an intense game all together , going down to penalty kicks , ” Thompson said . “ It was very nerve-wracking , but it was a weight lifted when I got that stop . ”
B-C played without all-state goalkeeper Alyssa Stevens , who tore their ACL in the Lower State final Monday against Bishop England . Freshman Charlotte Teeter started in goal and played well in the 110 minutes of regulation and overtimes .
But Heise put Shannon Favor in for penalty kicks . They thought the moment might be too big for the first-year student , saying they practice with Favor in that spot .
Indian Land scored on all five penalty shots , including the clinching one by Emily Gerdes .
“ We felt Shannon would be our best option , but who knows . I might be thinking about that the rest of my life , who knows , ” Heise said .
B-C took the early lead when McGee scored in the 11th minute on an assist by Brionna Mack and Jasmine Gantt . It was their team-leading 35th goal of the season .
Indian Land tied it 2 minutes later on a breakaway by Kelsey Long .
If you did n't get a degree from a NAAB-accredited program , but have spent years accumulating Architectural Experience Program-worthy hours , you may now receive an official NCARB certification . How ? Well , the details are spelled out in the press release below , but think of it as a potential reward for years spent working in the field while trying to pay for your education so you could work in the field . Some call it The School of Hard Knocks ; others , `` practical experience . '' Now feast your eyes on the full release :
NCARB Streamlines Path to Certification for Architects
Architects without a degree from an accredited program can pursue NCARB certification through a new path .
Washington , DC—The National Council of Architectural Registration Boards ( NCARB ) has launched the first phase of its revised certification path for architects without a degree from a program accredited by the National Architectural Accrediting Board ( NAAB ) . The NCARB Certificate facilitates reciprocal licensure among the 54 U.S. jurisdictions and several countries . Through this alternative , architects licensed in a U.S. jurisdiction who hold an architecture-related degree can satisfy the Certificate 's education requirement by documenting two times the Architectural Experience Program'sTM ( AXPTM ) requirements ( 7,480 hours ) . A separate certification option for U.S. architects without an
architecture-related degree will launch in spring . These education alternatives replace a previous option known as the Broadly Experienced Architect ( BEA ) Program , which cost $ 5,000 plus transcript review fees . Additionally , these revised paths will lead to a shorter evaluation process , and will be offered at no additional charge to active NCARB Record holders . The changes were adopted by a vote of the NCARB membership in June 2016 at its Annual Business Meeting . “ This revised path recognizes the value of the initial license and practical experience while maintaining a rigorous , yet inclusive , option for architects seeking NCARB certification , ” said NCARB President Kristine A. Harding , NCARB , AIA . U.S. architects interested in earning an NCARB Certificate through this path must meet the following requirements :
Have at least three years of continuous licensure in any U.S. jurisdiction without disciplinary action .
Hold a bachelor 's degree in an architecture-related program .
To learn more about the benefits of NCARB certification , visit www.ncarb.org/certification
The federal government has agreed to give the provinces and territories a 75 per cent share of the tax revenues from the sale of legalized marijuana , a portion of which will be meted out to cities and towns to help them defray the cost of making pot legal across Canada .
Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the two-year agreement today after a day-long meeting with their provincial and territorial counterparts .
Morneau says Ottawa will retain the remaining 25 per cent share to a maximum of $ 100 million a year , with any balance over and above that limit going to the provinces and territories .
The larger share , they added , will allow the provinces to “ fairly deal with their costs and so they can work with municipalities , ” which had been asking for at least a one-third portion of the revenue to help ease the burden of costs like law enforcement .
READ : Pot shops speak out on B.C . 's proposed rules on age , retail plan
Morneau said that over the first two years , the federal government expects legalized pot to generate only about $ 400 million in tax revenues , adding that the ministers are scheduled to gather again a year from now to assess how the framework is working .
“ Our expectation is that by keeping prices low , we will be able to get rid of the black market . However , that will happen over time , ” Morneau said during a closing news conference , their counterparts lined up behind him .
“ Our estimates suggest that the size of the taxation revenue is roughly … about up to $ 400 million for the first couple of years . What we 've agreed at our table today is that we need to come back together ; we 're going to come back together in December 2018 to look at how the market 's working , and how the federal government , provinces and municipalities are dealing with this change .
“ Of course , we 'll stay very much on top of this , but after two years it 's time to rethink the approach to make sure we 're getting it right . ”
All 14 jurisdictions at the table agreed to the key principles reached at the meeting , Morneau said , calling it a “ very good outcome . ”
The original model put forward by the federal government proposed an even 50-50 split , a plan that was immediately shot down by the provinces , many of which wondered aloud what sort of costs Ottawa would be incurring to deserve such a share .
Earlier today , Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the federal Liberal government had successfully made the case that it , too , would have costs , but was showing flexibility on related revenue and cost-sharing questions .
After a meeting with their Atlantic counterparts in Halifax , Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil let slip that a two-year deal had been reached , and that provinces would have the ability to include a markup above and beyond existing taxation levels .
Ottawa 's initial estimates suggested the total pot of tax revenue from marijuana sales could eventually reach $ 1 billion per year .
“ If there is a markup that a respective province wants to do it would be outside of that taxation model , so that was the flexibility that we as a province were looking for and I would say indeed it was what we were hearing across the country , ” McNeil said .
“ The two-year window will give each of us the time to go back to the table and say this is actually what policing is costing and this is what the education component is . ”
The Federation of Canadian Municipalities has said it wants a third of the revenues earmarked to help municipal governments handle administrative and policing costs , but how that share of the pot is divvied up will be up to the municipalities and their provincial or territorial counterparts .
The federal government has already committed more than $ 1 billion over five years towards pot legalization in areas like policing and border security .
When asked about the federal push to ensure enough money goes to cities and towns , Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said each province will do it their own way .
“ Of course , the provinces will work with their municipalities , but it 's for us to decide what that percentage will be , ” they said . “ And every province is different , every city is different , so there is no preconceived amount for the provinces . ”
During the meetings , the ministers also discussed the federal government 's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments , as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan . They also explored the state of the global economy and heard a presentation from Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz .
Talks also took place on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions , a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance , tax evasion , money laundering and terrorist financing .
“ We agreed to take concrete steps to make sure that we had knowledge of who owns companies across our country so that we can do a better job at ensuring that we do n't have tax evasion , that we do n't have money laundering , that we do n't have terrorist financing in any part of our country , ” Morneau said .
— with files from Terry Pedwell
A St Helens mum has successfully secured retail orders for their weaning plate invention after featuring on a national TV show .
Helen Davies appeared on hit Channel 4 show Buy It Now , which aired last week , and won over the studio audience with a lively 90-second pitch before facing panellists from some of Britain 's biggest retail buyers in a final showdown .
Helen with partner Lloyd and children Elora and Keira
The 40-year-old mum of two received lucrative bulk orders to the value of almost £4,000 for their baby suction plate and placemat – already a best-seller on Amazon UK .
“ Orders from big-name buyers have the power to totally transform the fortunes of our family business , so I could n't be more thrilled ! ” said Helen , who has been sworn to secrecy for the past four months as to what transpired during their national TV debut .
“ I 've had to bite my tongue when really , I wanted to shout it from the rooftops ; to finally be able to talk about it is a massive relief ! I am so grateful to the show for giving me a ‘ shop window ' to promote my product to a national audience . I 'd also like to say a special thank-you to the studio audience members who lit their lights for me and , of course , to our new buyers : shopping channel giants JML and family-run gift retailers Prezzybox !
‘ Filming the show is an experience I 'll never forget , but watching it on TV with my partner Lloyd and our daughters Elora and Kiera – whose habit of throwing their meals on the floor inspired the EasyMat Mini in the first place – was even more special . ”
Helen 's invention is the world 's first compact and foldable suction plate , which is suitable for use at home and when travelling . Having spotted a gap in the market for a portable plate that promoted independent feeding , Helen designed the EasyMat Mini – a product which fits most highchair sizes , as well as boasting unique features that include a sealed lid , a compact design and a carry case .
Last year , the EasyMat Mini won a BizzieBaby UK Gold Award , which is determined by outstanding parent reviews .
As part of their mission to take their products global , Helen is already selling in six European countries and continuing talks with distributors across multiple territories .
To place an order for the EasyMat Mini , visit www.easytots.com
Saints have made three changes to their 19-man squad for Friday 's home fixtures against basement boys Widnes Vikings - Adam Swift , Kyle Amor and Matty Costello coming in for Ryan Morgan , Matty Smith and Jack Ashworth .
Tommy Makinson , 4 . Mark Percival , 5 . Adam Swift , 6 . Theo Fages , 9 . James Roby , 10 . Kyle Amor , 11 . Zeb Taia , 12 . Jon Wilkin , 13 . Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook , 14 . Luke Douglas , 15 . Morgan Knowles , 16 . Luke Thompson , 17 . Dom Peyroux , 18 . Danny Richardson , 19 . Regan Grace , 20 . Matty Lees , 23 . Ben Barba , 30 . Matty Costello .
Francis Cummins will choose their Widnes side from : 1 . Rhys Hanbury , 2 . Stefan Marsh , 3 . Krisnan Inu , 4 . Charly Runciman , 6 . Joe Mellor , 7 . Tom Gilmore , 8 . Gil Dudson , 10 . Alex Gerrard , 11 . Chris Houston , 12 . Matt Whitley , 15 . Danny Craven , 16 . Tom Olbison , 17 . Sam Wilde , 20 . Macgraff Leuluai , 23 . Danny Walker , 25 . Jay Chapelhow , 33 . Aaron Heremaia , 39 . Weller Hauraki , 40 . Owen Buckley .
The game kicks off at 8pm .
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts , part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights .
The bill , similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin , is high on the state 's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor 's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years .
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance , seniority and extra pay . The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike . And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues .
Public safety employees , such as law enforcement officers , would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill . Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions .
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation , teachers , teamsters , firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night , breaking into chants of `` Kill the bill . ''
`` Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights ! '' shouted Becky Pringle , of the National Education Association , to the crowd from atop a folding chair .
The state 's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure , which is expected to last several days .
`` This is a major change and policy shift , '' said state Sen. Nate Boulton , a Democrat . `` It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process . ''
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities .
`` Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we do n't get anything done , '' said state Rep. Steve Holt , a Republican . `` So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government . ''
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill , but only 33 got the chance . State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said they left their previous job , which paid well , for the better benefits that state employees receive .
If the bill becomes law , the risks of working in a prison are `` no longer worth it , '' said Herron . `` You may think that 's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there . ''
Herron said they were upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall . `` If this bill passes , do n't think in 2018 I 'm going to forget what you 've done to my family . ''
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill , including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity , the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch .
SEATTLE ( AP ) - Even without injured stars Adrian Beltre and Elvis Andrus , catcher Robinson Chirinos still sees plenty of potential in the Texas Rangers ' lineup .
And the past two nights , the Rangers flashed late-game maturity to go along with it in topping the Seattle Mariners .
Chirinos ' tiebreaking two-run double in the seventh inning capped another late-inning rally , and the Rangers beat Seattle 7-6 on Wednesday .
The Rangers did damage in back-to-back games against a wild and ineffective Seattle bullpen which surrendered five runs in the sixth and seventh inning after ace left-hander James Paxton departed with a 4-2 lead .
`` These guys continue to stay in the at-bat , grind them out and we were able to push across some runs , '' Texas manager Jeff Banister said .
Delino DeShields ( walk ) and Shin-Soo Choo ( single ) reached base for Texas to open the seventh against right-hander Ryan Cook .
Two batters later , Nomar Mazara greeted left-hander Marc Rzepczynski with a sharp two-run single to center field to tie the game at 5-all .
`` His sinker is really good , so they are going to keep it throwing to me , '' Mazara said . `` I was able to put a good swing on it and find a hole . ''
Rzepczynski walked Jurickson Profar and Joey Gallo before they were pulled without getting an out .
`` The key for relievers is that first batter you come in to face , '' Mariners manager Scott Servais said . `` Tonight , ( against ) all of our guys , the first ( hitter ) got on . Our guys are human . ''
Against Juan Nicasio , Seattle 's third pitcher of the inning , Chirinos lined a hit off Ryon Healy 's glove at first base , easily scoring the go-ahead runs .
`` We have the talent to win close games , '' said Chirinos , who had a season-high three RBIs , going 3 for 5 . `` Guys have been working hard to be consistent at the plate . ''
Rzepczynski ( 0-1 ) saw their ERA jump from 7.04 to 9.39 . They have given up runs in three of their seven May appearances .
A night after issuing eight walks in a 9-5 loss , Seattle pitching gave up seven walks Wednesday .
`` Our bullpen has kind of gotten away from us a little bit , '' Servais said . `` We 've gotten a little sloppy with the walks , which has hurt us . It catches up to you . ''
It was the Rangers ' first back-to-back wins on the road since taking the first two games of a series in Toronto , April 27-28 . Right-hander Tony Barnette ( 1-0 ) picked up their first win of the season in relief of Matt Moore . Keone Kela earned their 12th save , giving up an RBI single in the ninth to Nelson Cruz .
KELA SETTLING IN AS CLOSER
Kela , who graduated from nearby Chief Sealth High School in Seattle , had registered four consecutive scoreless outings in the past week before Wednesday . They have become the team 's primary ninth-inning option .
`` I had to grow into it , '' Kela said . `` I 've always enjoyed pitching in high-pressure situations - the defining moments . ''
FIRST BASE FOR GAMEL ?
After the Mariners acquired left fielder Denard Span in a trade with Tampa Bay on Friday , Servais noted that outfielder Ben Gamel could see action at first base with Healy .
Gamel played one game at first base last season .
`` I took a lot of early work there last year , '' Gamel said . `` But nothing this year . It is something I obviously need to get work in at . ''
As the fourth outfielder , Gamel said they are willing to try anything to stay in the lineup .
ROSTER RESHUFFLE
Rangers : To clear room for Moore on Wednesday , the team optioned Austin Bibens-Dirkx to Triple-A Round Rock . ... Despite being 8 for 22 ( .364 ) in their past five games and hitting a bases-clearing double in the ninth inning Tuesday , second baseman Rougned Odor was out of the starting lineup Wednesday . Banister said it was just a planned rest day .
Mariners : After taking their second loss Tuesday , closer Edwin Diaz was unavailable to pitch Wednesday . They have pitched in six of the team 's past eight games . Recently acquired Alex Colome would have pitched in a save situation , Servais said .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Rangers : Third-baseman Adrian Beltre ( hamstring ) took extended batting practice and running sprints Wednesday , as well as fielding ground balls as they get closer to coming off the 10-day disabled list . Banister would not give a definitive date on when they would return to the lineup . Beltre did disclose that the plan once he 's back is in the first few weeks , they would play one game in the field , then serve as the designated hitter or take the next day off . `` It makes sense , '' Beltre said . `` The last couple of times I got injured were in day games ( after a night game ) . ''
Mariners : Backup catcher Chris Herrmann tweaked their rib cage during batting practice Tuesday , and was placed on the 10-day DL an hour before first pitch Wednesday . David Freitas , who was in Triple-A Tacoma , was already with the team , just in case a move was made . . Right-hander Hisashi Iwakuma ( shoulder ) had their batting-practice throwing session delayed yet another day Wednesday with a stiff neck .
UP NEXT
Rangers : Left-hander Mike Minor ( 4-3 , 5.63 ERA ) has a team-high four wins . And even though they have had an awful May ( 2-2 , 6.91 ERA this month ) , they won their last start in Kansas City on Friday . They have two no-decisions already against the Mariners this season .
Mariners : Left-hander Wade LeBlanc ( 0-0 , 2.70 ERA ) has given up just five runs in 26 1/3 innings ( 1.71 ERA ) in five starts . The most he 's given up in any start is two runs . This will be their first career start against Texas .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac .
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free , but Ford does n't have the replacement parts yet . It will notify owners when the parts are available .
Q & A : Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers . In exchange , they have promised to cut regulations and taxes .
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards '' The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over , it 's over , '' Trump told the crowd .
Experts are cautioning Kiwis against diving into the world 's latest natural health craze - untreated , unfiltered `` raw '' water .
In some parts of the US , there 's been a drive in alternative health circles to `` get off the water grid '' and drink spring water that had n't been filtered , treated , or even sterilised .
One San Francisco grocery store was selling 9 litre orbs of the water - claimed to have `` a vaguely mild sweetness , a nice smooth mouth feel , nothing that overwhelms the flavour profile '' - for NZ $ 50 each .
There did n't yet appear to be any companies following suit here , but scientists have warned Kiwis not to try sourcing their own - and stick to their town supply .
Advertisement
`` Consuming untreated water is like driving your car without wearing a safety belt - you might get away with it , but you are taking an unnecessary risk , '' said Michael Baker , a professor of public health at Otago University in Wellington .
New Zealand surface water was heavily contaminated with microbes that could cause sickness - among them protozoa such as giardia and cryptosporidia , or bacteria like salmonella and campylobacter , which struck down more than 5000 Havelock North residents in 2016 .
There were also increasing cases of serious , and occasionally fatal , shiga-toxin producing E. coli infections , Bakers said .
`` From a health and sustainability perspective , the science supports use of treated , fluoridated , reticulated water supplies as the main source of drinking water in most situations .
`` There are of course exceptional circumstances where people need to use alternatives , such as boiled water if local water treatment is inadequate – which may for example occur when water treatment systems are overwhelmed by heavy rainfall events . ''
Baker dismissed claims by producers of raw water being superior to properly treated water as `` idiotic '' .
`` Effective treatment of drinking water is one of the most important public health measures in history - so successful that many of us now take it for granted , '' they said .
`` Perhaps that is why some consumers are attracted to the idea that water treatment is optional . ''
University of Waikato biological sciences lecturer Dr Alison Campbell , who was moved to write a blog post on the issue , also said there was no validity in claims that bacteria in raw water acted as probiotics .
`` Raw water is n't going to be magically better at hydrating people , to address just one of the claims made for it in the US . ''
Water treatment used chlorination , ozone , or UV treatment to provide safe drinking water - since raw water contained none of that , consumers were at risk of potential contamination , Campbell said .
Society for Science Based Healthcare chair Mark Hanna slammed the products as `` quackery '' , saying it smacked of a `` water purity concept that goes hand in hand with anti-fluoridationism '' .
`` Which is rather ironic considering their primary selling point is all the things in there that are n't water , '' they added .
`` Of course , if anyone 's really concerned about getting probiotics there are better places to get bacteria than by drinking untreated water - ones that wo n't get you sick too .
`` I really hope no one starts bottling unswimmable New Zealand river water and selling it as 'raw water ' . ''
In any case , Baker said , selling untreated drinking water here was illegal - bottled water was covered by the Food Act and there were also stringent industry standards for such products .
`` If consumers are concerned about the taste of their tap water they can install domestic water filters to safely remove chlorine immediately prior to drinking , '' Baker said .
`` Resorting to bottled water is generally unnecessary , expensive , and produces large amounts of plastic waste . ''
Further Reading No Romulans , just angry volunteers : One man 's journey to restore Star Trek 's bridge Huston Huddleston , the man who gained some nerd cred in August 2012 after they `` saved the bridge '' of a discarded Enterprise-D touring set , has been arrested in Southern California on child pornography and other related felony charges .
In total , Huddleston now faces four charges , including one under California Penal Code 311.11 ( c ) ( 1 ) , for possessing `` more than 600 images . '' If convicted , Huddleston would face a minimum sentence of a year in county jail or at least 16 months in state prison . ( It is not immediately clear why the criminal complaint , which Ars obtained at the Los Angeles courthouse , has four charges when online court records only show three . )
Huddleston is currently being held by the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department on $ 750,000 bail . They are being represented by David Moore , of the Los Angeles Public Defender 's Office . Moore did not immediately respond to Ars ' request for comment . On May 22 , BleedingCool.com reported that Huddleston has pleaded not guilty .
The April 2018 arrest , which only became publicly known last week , has seemingly all but ended Huddleston 's years-long and as yet very incomplete restoration efforts .
Previous notoriety
To be clear , the Next Generation-era bridge Huddleston found some publicity around is not the one that was used in the filming of the famed television show . This bridge , currently in pieces , is one of those replicas built for Star Trek : The Experience , a theme park in Las Vegas that was closed in 2008 after a 10-year run .
As Ars previously reported , Huddleston saved what was left of the touring bridge before its pending trip to the junkyard in December 2011 . They paid nothing for the props—just $ 7,000 to have the bridge shipped from Long Beach to their home in Sherman Oaks , 40 miles north . As a fan , Huddleston previously collected various Star Trek items , notably paying $ 500 each for bridge pieces like the Riker and Troi chairs from the Experience before other items were auctioned in 2010 .
In 2014 , Huddleston expanded their aims and announced fundraising for an ambitious museum that aimed to house not only the famed Star Trek bridge , but to also host other iconic science fiction and horror film sets and props . More recently , in 2017 , Huddleston took possession of a donated wax version of the entire Original Series-era crew .
However , the overall museum efforts do not appear to have substantially advanced in the intervening four years since the initiative was announced . Huddleston 's mother , Nancy , is a board member of the non-profit group , known as the New Starship Foundation , that worked toward a museum . They declined to respond to Ars ' questions on Tuesday .
As recently as February 2018 , Huddleston said on Twitter that the museums were `` almost there . ''
The reason I 've been silent about the museums is because we 're almost there , but I ca n't talk about it till I can Love and stuff pic.twitter.com/rUdjNTDeAR
— Huston Huddleston ( @ HustonH ) February 13 , 2018
Now , New Starship 's board appears to have largely , if not entirely , quit en masse in the wake of the criminal charges .
Since 2012 , Huddleston has regularly made appearances at various science fiction and horror-related conventions ( often exhibiting portions of the restored bridge ) nationwide in an effort to recruit volunteers and gather donations . ( Ars spent a weekend with Huddleston at a convention in New Orleans in December 2012 . )
As Ars later reported in 2014 , an initial collective of volunteers that had worked closely with Huddleston for years resigned in protest . They slammed Huddleston 's inability to make good on their grand promises , and they protested what they believed was financial mismanagement .
Now , a separate group of volunteers is parting ways with Huddleston in light of the new charges .
A volunteer named Loretta Lightningbolt publicly posted on Facebook on May 21 that they and other `` former volunteers of the planned Hollywood Sci-Fi Museum and Hollywood Horror Museum '' had `` discovered through our own research '' that Huddleston was not `` on a long vacation , as we had been told back in April . '' Rather , the would-be museum founder had been charged with felonies .
`` We were sickened to discover they have been charged with three counts of sexual crimes against a minor , something none of us want any association with and therefore we have resigned from our respective positions , '' they wrote . `` We thank you for your understanding . ''
Awaiting court-martial
Further Reading “ Captain , I saved the bridge ” : Boldly going where no TV set has gone before A former volunteer who wished to remain anonymous so as not to impede any ongoing investigation told Ars that they had seen a quantity of `` explicit '' materials involving underage girls that they said was delivered to the FBI in September 2013 . Los Angeles County Superior Court records show that Huddleston 's alleged `` violation date '' is September 1 , 2013 .
This source , an adult woman , also said Huddleston had behaved inappropriately toward their years ago . They said that Huddleston once even attempted to get into bed with her—uninvited—in a two-bed hotel room that they were sharing to save money at a convention to exhibit the Enterprise-D bridge .
Another former acquaintance of Huddleston 's who was unsuccessfully recruited to the New Starship and museum projects told Ars that they were `` made aware of the existence of nude photos of minors in sexual acts on [ Huddleston 's ] email account and disturbing lewd email correspondences with a minor . ''
This person , an adult man , also asked to remain anonymous out of concern for the investigative process . Neither of the two sources provided Ars with the direct evidence they claimed to have seen .
To the escape pods
In the wake of the recent criminal allegations , the website of Huddleston 's proposed Hollywood Science Fiction Museum has removed the list of its entire board of directors . That group included numerous Star Trek luminaries , including Ronald D. Moore and Doug Drexler .
Another board member , Andrew Probert , worked as an illustrator for The Next Generation and Star Trek : The Motion Picture . They told Ars on Tuesday that `` a lot '' of the board members had resigned in the wake of the revelations .
`` I did n't 'consult or meet ' with any of the board members , as I felt an immediate pullout was the best way for me to protect me and my family from any backlash , '' Probert emailed . `` Besides , during the time I was on the committee , nothing I submitted , in the way of Design or Exhibit Layout proposals , was ever accepted . So my participation was minimal , to say the least . ''
Probert added that Huddleston had `` complained '' to the board `` years ago . '' The would-be founder noted that `` some girl , one of their staff , apparently , had made accusations against them for some sort of inappropriate behavior… but nothing seemed to come of that , '' according to Probert .
`` [ Huddleston ] did post a lot of photos with , at times , some surprisingly good looking young women—but I just attributed that to the 'celebrity ' status , derived from their traveling 'Enterprise Bridge ' exhibit , using parts of the actual set , seen at various [ science fiction ] conventions , '' Probert continued . `` There was nothing , however , to suggest their alleged interest in the 'younger set , ' and I generally regarded them as an OK kind of guy . ''
Tim Rheault​—COO of Rhetroactive , a company that has built numerous museums and talked with Huddleston about this project back in 2014—told Ars that Huddleston 's arrest was `` disturbing to say the least . ''
`` Rhetroactive had initial discussions to be involved in the project as a design firm , but never entered into any formal agreement with Mr. Huddleston or the New Starship Project beyond those early conversations , '' Rheault​ emailed . They noted that the company did not correspond with Huddleston beyond April 2014 .
Larry Nemecek , Star Trek 's unofficial franchise-wide historian , separately left the New Starship Foundation board in January 2015 . In light of these latest happenings , they told Ars that Huddleston 's arrest and pending criminal accusations likely meant that the museum 's efforts were essentially over .
`` It 's likely too tainted , '' they texted Ars . `` Unless someone is well-funded and determined to shrug this off . I do n't know who that 'd be , at this stage . ''
Huddleston is scheduled to go to trial in Los Angeles on June 12 .
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks ' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN , June 15 Italy 's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same , the head of the insurance group said on Thursday .
Perfluoropolyether ( PFPE ) belongs to the family of fluorinated synthetic fluids . PFPE are low-molecular-weight , partially fluorinated , oxetane oligomeric polyols that are non-toxic , non-flammable , and resistant to chemicals . They are used in extreme temperatures varying from −80°C to 200°C . PFPE are polymeric species having repeated per fluorinated methyl- , and ethyl- or isopropyl ether units . They have a variety of application-specific end groups . Depending on the application , their molecular structure varies from linear , branched , to a combination of both . They are synthesized by photo-initiated oxidative polymerization .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/perfluoropolyether-market.html
There exist four different kinds of PFPE fluids viz . PFPE-K , PFPE-M , PFPE-Y , and PFPE-Z . All PFPE fluids contain oxygen , carbon , and fluorine atoms . However , each type of fluid is a product of different starting materials and manufacturing processes . These structural differences affect the temperature resistivity , ability to prevent wear , lubricity , and volatility of the fluid .
Based on the end-user application , the market for PFPE has been segmented into automotive , electronics , aerospace , and coatings . Demand for non-toxic , non-flammable , corrosion-resistant specifications of lubricants , growth in the automotive industry , increasing defense budgets , and growing technology in the aerospace industry are the factors driving the PFPE market . PFPE is used significantly in the aerospace industry as instrument-bearing grease , joint-bearing grease in aircraft fuel systems and astronaut spacesuit bearings . Additionally , it is used extensively for coating the surfaces of tiles , stones , ceramics , and glass for imparting the properties such as oil and water repellency and low adhesion and friction .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=20135
PFPE is also employed in the electronics industry , as it is used as a vacuum grease in semiconductor processing and as a top-coating lubricant in CD drives . In the automotive industry it is utilized for coating in advanced braking system ( ABS ) and as a grease between gears . However , lack of literature and R & D , diminishing market for CD drives , and emission of fumes from the PFPE fluid upon contact with high temperatures are the factors likely to hamper the market for PFPE . Opportunities to bridge the gap by providing literature regarding environmental aspects of PFPE fluids exist for the companies .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The 13th annual Zion Canyon Earth Day Celebration will take place on the lawn of the Bit & Spur Restaurant in Springdale April 22 from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m .
This year , the Zion Canyon Earth Day Celebration will participate in the March for Science , an international movement taking place around the globe . After the concert , interested participants will march from the lawn of the Bit and Spur to the Canyon Community Center where they will gather for a drum circle . Those interested in participating should bring drums and signs .
The March for Science is a peaceful march in solidarity with scientists who want to sound a call to support and safeguard the scientific community in the face of recent policy changes .
A three-day drum workshop will be held at the Canyon Community Center , facilitated by composer and multi-instrumentalist Nacho Arimany , who will also perform at the April 22 celebration . The workshop runs April 19–21 from 6 to 8 p.m .
The Zion Canyon Earth Day Celebration is a sustainability-focused and educationally driven showcase for local bands , food vendors , and artists . The Bit & Spur Restaurant is located at 1212 Zion Park Blvd . in Springdale . More information on the event and volunteering is available by calling ( 435 ) 772-3434 or emailing ccc @ infowest.com .
Articles related to “ Zion Canyon Earth Day Celebration joins worldwide March for Science ”
ESKISEHIR , Turkey — Iceland stayed on the path to becoming the smallest nation to qualify for the World Cup after beating Turkey 3-0 on Friday .
With Finland surprisingly holding Croatia to 1-1 , and Ukraine taking three points from Kosovo after a 2-0 away win , the tightest group in European qualifying will have to be decided on Monday in the last round of matches .
Iceland tops Group I with 19 points , and Croatia and Ukraine are two points behind . Turkey is out of contention with 14 as well as Finland with 8 .
Iceland is a clear favourite when it hosts Kosovo in its last qualifier , while Croatia has to travel to Ukraine for a tough encounter .
TORONTO May 3 Canada 's main stock index slipped in early trade on Wednesday , as lower industrial metal prices weighed on miners and several major banks also helped pull the index down as bond yields fell .
The Toronto Stock Exchange 's S & P/TSX composite index was down 27.10 points , or 0.17 percent , at 15,592.55 shortly after the open . ( Reporting by Alastair Sharp )
Joey Hand and Dirk Mueller drove to the Sahlen 's Six Hours of The Glen victory Sunday in Ford Chip Ganassi Racing 's # 66 Ford GT , ending a perfect weekend for the manufacturer in the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship 's GT Le Mans ( GTLM ) class .
Ironically , Ford 's sweep of a trio of practice sessions and qualifying on the weekend was by Ford Chip Ganassi Racing 's other entry , the # 67 Ford GT of Richard Westbrook and Ryan Briscoe , which finished in sixth position .
“ All these guys , all our boys who did these pit stops today did such a great job , it was a flawless race for us , ” said Hand . “ I love this race , and I love this Fourth of July – Independence Day week . I 'm so thankful to be American . So thankful to drive for Ford and Chip Ganassi Racing . ”
The # 67 Ford GT started on the pole , the team 's third consecutive at Watkins Glen , and promptly led the race 's opening 65 laps . Porsche 's march from the third row to the front was complete on lap 66 when Patrick Pilet took the lead just past the race 's two-hour mark in the # 911 Porsche GT Team Porsche 911 RSR .
While the weekend was all-Ford , Sunday 's race saw Porsche and Corvette spending a notable amount of time at the front of the field .
Pilet and co-driver Nick Tandy went on to lead much of the next 90 minutes of the race after getting past the leading Ford , before Corvette Racing 's pair of Corvette C7.Rs took over from there , sharing the lead over the next 90 minutes of the race .
In fact , the # 3 Corvette of Jan Magnussen and Antonio Garcia was leading the race with 52 minutes remaining before a timely pit stop by the # 66 Ford GT team just before a caution for debris elevated Mueller to the lead for a final restart with 36 minutes remaining .
Mueller took over from there , holding off Garcia to win the race by 1.592 seconds .
Porsche took the next two spots with the # 911 Porsche of Tandy and Pilet rounding out the podium over teammates Earl Bamber and 24 Hours of Le Mans winner Laurens Vanthoor . The # 4 Corvette of Tommy Milner and Oliver Gavin finished fifth after leading for 20 laps in the middle stages of the race .
The Ford Chip Ganassi dominance was no surprise with the team entering the weekend with the most Sahlen 's Six Hours of The Glen victories among the entries with a total of five , including a GTLM victory at the track in 2016 .
It was Ford 's second win of the season with the # 67 of Westbrook , Briscoe and Scott Dixon opening the season with a victory in the Rolex 24 At Daytona , and the first win of the season for Hand and Mueller .
The win unofficially moves Mueller and Hand into the points lead with a one-point advantage over teammates Briscoe and Westbrook with six races remaining .
“ We leapfrogged everybody when we came in a little shorter and got lucky on that yellow , ” said Mueller . “ My team manager told me ‘ buddy if you want to win that race you have to give us the best out lap of your life . We need it to jump ahead of the Corvette . ' And again we were low on [ tyre ] pressure . I know we always get told not to push hard there but I drove like crazy , and that basically jumped us ahead of the Corvette and just sailed it home . Sounds easy . But it was n't . I gave it all . I was a sweaty one . ”
The WeatherTech Championship returns to action next weekend for the Mobil 1 SportsCar Grand Prix at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park on Sunday , 8 July 2018 .
US Donald Trump defies their own FBI director and the Justice Department to declassify the 4-page Republican document , which implies malfeasance and partisanship at the very top of American law enforcement
Published 9:32 AM , February 03 , 2018
WASHINGTON DC , USA – Donald Trump and their Republican allies unleashed a controversial memo accusing the FBI of bias and abuse of power Friday , February 2 , intensifying a high-stakes fight between the White House and prosecutors investigating the president 's campaign team .
Trump defied their own FBI director and the Justice Department to declassify the 4-page Republican document , which implies malfeasance and partisanship at the very top of American law enforcement .
`` I think it 's a disgrace . What 's going on in this country , I think it 's a disgrace , '' a visibly tense Trump said as they announced their decision to release the memo . `` A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that . ''
Democrats and some Republicans have cried foul over the document , dismissing its release as little more than a stunt , and another thinly veiled effort to undermine the investigation into the Trump campaign 's ties with Russia .
They claim the document – drafted by Devin Nunes , a Trump transition official , Congressman and House Intelligence Committee chairperson – has glaring holes . The FBI itself said it had `` grave concerns '' over its accuracy .
The memo claims that Democrat-funded research prompted the FBI to spy on a former Trump campaign aide , Carter Page .
In a subsequent statement , White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the document `` raises serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI . ''
Trump 's son Don Jr tweeted that it should be `` game over '' for the Russia investigation . ( READ : The Trump-Russia probe : What we know )
McCabe knew that the FISA warrant was obtained using shady dossier and that all extensions were based on the original application . The Obama administration then used information that Hillary paid for to justify spying on @ realDonaldTrump . If I got that right should be game over . — Donald Trump Jr. ( @ DonaldJTrumpJr ) February 2 , 2018
Trump 's one-year-old presidency has been dominated by allegations that multiple aides , including Don Jr and their son-in-law Jared Kushner may have coordinated with the Kremlin to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton .
Special counsel Robert Mueller has already indicted two officials including Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort , and two more campaign officials have admitted lying to investigators – including onetime national security advisor Michael Flynn .
The 71-year-old president has decried the allegations as fake news and a Democratic plot . Mueller is soon expected to ask them to testify under oath about what they know .
'Talk is cheap '
The memo 's release sent shockwaves across Washington , calling into question the future of Trump 's hand-picked FBI Director Christopher Wray .
But they shrugged off attacks on the FBI 's independence and pledged to defend their agents in an internal letter sent to staff on Friday and obtained by Agence France-Presse .
`` Talk is cheap ; the work you do is what will endure , '' Wray wrote .
`` Let me be clear : I stand fully committed to our mission ... I stand with you . ''
The FBI had previously issued an extraordinary public warning against the memo 's release , saying it contained `` material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo 's accuracy . ''
But perhaps the biggest question hung over deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein .
Rosenstein oversees the Russia investigation and has the power to fire special counsel Mueller , because their boss , Attorney General Jeff Sessions , recused himself .
They were the only law enforcement official named in the memo who has not already been fired by Trump or moved from their post .
Trump , when asked if they have confidence in Rosenstein , told journalists in the Oval Office : `` You figure that one out . ''
But the president faced intense pushback from Democrats in Congress , who warned that any attempt to fire Rosenstein or Mueller would be seen as obstruction .
`` We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation , '' Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , House Minority Nancy Pelosi and 8 other key Democrats said in a statement .
`` Firing Rod Rosenstein , DOJ Leadership , or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre , '' they said , referring to disgraced president Richard Nixon 's orders to fire justice officials during the Watergate scandal .
Several senior Republican senators also weighed in to show their displeasure .
`` Our nation 's elected officials , including the president , must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows , '' said Senator John McCain .
'That 's it ? '
As they prepared to declassify the document , Trump took a swipe at the FBI and Justice Department .
`` The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans , '' they tweeted .
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago . Rank & File are great people ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 2 , 2018
The president called the alleged bias `` something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago , '' adding : Rank & File are great people ! ''
The explosive Republican memo was based on the highly classified , much larger record of the application to obtain a so-called FISA national security warrant in 2016 to surveil Page .
Democrats have sought approval for the release of their own counter-memo that argues Nunes simplified and `` cherry-picks '' facts to distort what happened . But Republicans have not agreed to that .
Paul Ryan , the top Republican in the House of Representatives , supported the memo 's release as an act of transparency while also calling Friday for the Democrat memo to be approved for release .
Former FBI head James Comey , who was fired by Trump last year after refusing to pledge loyalty to the president , tweeted after the memo 's release : `` That 's it ? ''
That 's it ? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee , destroyed trust with Intelligence Community , damaged relationship with FISA court , and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen . For what ? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs . — James Comey ( @ Comey ) February 2 , 2018
`` Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee , destroyed trust with Intelligence Community , damaged relationship with FISA court , and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen , '' they wrote .
`` For what ? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs . '' – Rappler.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
It was around 10PM when the violent altercation erupted at the Brussels metro station . A dozen people , some armed with knives , were involved . One of those injured , a 29-year-old , fought for their life , but died in hospital on Monday . The metro company closed the station after the altercation , but it was reopened at 6AM this morning .
Federal police have started an investigation . The five arrested are being questioned .
The cause of the fracas remains unclear . Gilles Dejemeppe of the prosecutor 's office : `` Technicians examined the scene of the fight . An examining magistrate is considering charges of attempted manslaughter '' .
AN ATTRACTIVE APPROACH Using Magnets To Simulate Gases Is Sorta Mindblowing
Trap a bunch of flat magnets between two sheets of glass and you end up with a cool model for demonstrating properties of gas .
2th July 2018 — The Lotus Experience proposes to you the great certified place for those who are in love with peace and nature . The great place located in the Ojai Valley , the surroundings are truly amazing , thus ensuring you the total control of your body and your soul as well . If you would like to stay your holiday to develop yourself spiritually or would like to make your children fall in love with yoga and meditation , then do not hesitate to discover better the The Lotus Experience location .
The website of The Lotus Experience is a very beautiful and informative page , that presents you all the advantages that you can experience at their location . For the many clients who are still doubting about choosing The Lotus Experience , there are some articles that will definitely make you want to reach that place indeed . If you want to get some more detailed info about The Lotus Experience , do not wait to contact The Lotus Experience representatives right from their website .
The Lotus Experience is a sacred space for mothers and children to enhance their connection with themselves , each other and the nature . You will be able to discover deep nourishment , a community of support and leave with a renewed sense of vitality . The Lotus Experience retreats are an opportunity to have a complete reset of your mind and soul , together with your little child . To take some time to enjoy the surroundings and align with your own essence . Learn yoga and meditation practices that invite a higher sense of balance in your particular life and the existence of your children near you . You will be proposed to eat organic high vibe foods , thus creating a village , a place of support to promote deep nourishment body , mind , and spirit .
About The Lotus Experience :
The Lotus Experience is the place of a new you , that will help you enjoy the beauty of nature and the high relationship between mothers and children . If you are interested to pass an amazing holiday near your child experiencing yoga and meditation together , then you can definitely rely on The Lotus Experience services , that will be the perfect choice of your .
Contact :
Company Name : The Lotus Experience
Contact Name : Jeanette Sealy​
Website : http : //thelotusexperience.org
The under thirties have endured most the marked increase in relative deprivation of any age group in England , according to a 11-year study of data from the Office of National Statistics ( ONS )
Led by University of Manchester data scientists , the analysis from 2004-2015 also found that over the same period , deprivation fell for the over sixties , who are also less likely to live in deprived neighbourhoods .
Professor Evan Kontopantelis from The University of Manchester said a combination of Government policies , the financial crisis of 2008 , education funding and the increasing cost of housing relative to real wages probably explained the findings .
The data was calculated according to geographical units of 1500 people between 2014 and 2015 -providing one of the most detailed pictures yet of how deprivation affects us across the country .
The research team used the English Index of Multiple Deprivation ( IMD ) and 2011 Census data .
The IMD quantifies relative deprivation across income , employment , education and skills , health and disability , crime , barriers to housing and services , and living environment .
According to the researchers , deprivation for those aged 30 to 59 increased over the same period as it did for young adults aged 20-29 and infants aged 0-4 .
On the positive side , small reductions were observed in the relative deprivation gap between White British and all other ethnic groups , though the gaps were much wider in post-industrial regions like the North West than in the South .
The research is published in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health .
Professor Kontopantelis said : `` We define relative deprivation as a standard of living or quality of life below levels enjoyed by the broader society , to a high enough extent to introduce hardship , with little or no access to resources .
`` And on those terms , our findings show that in the under 30s it has increased since 2004 .
`` We in particular note a worrying rise in deprivation among infants between the ages of 0 and 4 .
`` People aged 60 or over were not only more likely to live in less deprived areas , but the inequality gaps between those aged 60 or over and everyone else has increased over time . ''
They added : `` Government policies , the financial crisis of 2008 , education funding and the increasing cost of houses relative to real wages are important ways to interpret these findings .
`` The housing market is arguably the most important of them : the average house in England and Wales costs 7.6 times the average annual salary in 2016 , up from 3.6 times in 1997 .
`` And these large increases in house prices over a relatively short period of time have provided a large advantage to the older generation , for who it was much cheaper to get on the property ladder .
`` Another factor is real pay : it fell sharply after the 2008 crisis , and although it somewhat recovered between 2014 and 2016 , the recovery has been negated post-Brexit .
`` Pension scheme deficits also play a part : people currently at work not only have their salaries affected , but are also extremely unlikely to enjoy the same retirement benefits as their colleagues who retired in the past , even when accounting for an increasing life-expectancy .
`` Socio-economic deprivation is an important determinant of health and the inequalities this work highlights may have significant implications for future fiscal and healthcare policy .
`` And fiscal policy should take into account the increasing resource gap between the young and the old and aim to deliver a fairer society . ''
# # #
NOTES FOR EDITORS
Two graphics available showing deprivation gradient in England as represented in 100 people , from poorest ( top left ) to most affluent ( bottom right ) , with the averages in population groups used to highlight inequality gaps .
Graphic 1 compares the under 30s to the over 60s . The red areas represent the gaps between the under 30s and the over sixties in 2005 and 2015
Graphic 2 compares 30 to 59-year-olds to the over 60s . The orange areas represent the gaps between 30 to 59 year-olds and the over sixties in 2005 and 2015
The paper 'The increasing socio-economic gap between the young and old : temporal trends in health and overall deprivation in England by age , sex , urbanity and ethnicity , 2004 to 2015 ' is published in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health
Professor Kontopantelis is available for comment
For media enquires contact :
Mike Addelman
Media Relations Officer
Faculty of Biology , Medicine and Health
University of Manchester
0161-275-2111
07717-881567
michael.addelman @ manchester.ac.uk
TOPEKA , Kan. ( AP ) — An inmate at a Topeka jail attacked a corrections officer Saturday , giving the officer lacerations and facial injuries .
Shawnee County Department of Corrections Maj. Tim Phelps tells The Topeka Capital-Journal officer Lacy Noll was attacked while on duty Saturday . They were treated then released .
Phelps says the inmate is 26-year-old Allen Thomas Schroeder Jr. of Topeka .
Phelps says the Shawnee County Jail was placed on lockdown during the incident . The lockdown was lifted Sunday , except for the housing unit where the attack occurred .
Schroeder was booked into jail in November in connection to aggravated battery , domestic battery and a parole violation .
The jail is investigating the attack . Phelps says the county sheriff 's office will investigate for the district attorney 's office , which will decide charges .
William Wardlaw loves their country , as evident by their one-of-a-kind collection .
The 90-year-old served their country in World War II and now fights a different battle against throat cancer . They and their wife , Frances , have been married for almost 30 years .
It was n't too long ago when the proud veteran , whose home is also covered in timeless and countless Coca-Cola memorabilia , began collecting the most patriotic of all items , American Flags .
Wardlaw can tell you right off the top of their head how many flags – 27 – the United States has had in its history , because they own them all .
Their collection begins with the Betsy Ross Flag , transitioning to the 13-star flag and concludes with the current version .
They still remember the day their obsession with the Stars and Stripes began .
“ Some years ago , I happened to be at a Goodwill store , ” Wardlaw said . “ It had most of the flags in it , but there were a few missing . It came from an American Legion Hall up in Massachusetts . ”
Unsatisfied with their incomplete collection , Wardlaw set out , with the help of some friends and the internet , to find the rest of the flags .
Recently , they completed their search and is now in possession of all 27 flags .
The flags are miniature versions of each flag and show the changes throughout history as more stars and changes were added .
Wardlaw was born in Sibley and grew up in Webster Parish before joining the Navy .
When they finished their service they came back to Minden and worked at a dairy and laid sheet metal before moving to Alexandria to work for Easton Airlines . Wardlaw eventually made their way back home where they went to work at the LA Army Ammunition Plant .
Amongst the items in Wardlaw 's possession are a history of the American Flag pamphlet , a sheet detailing the reason for each fold of the flag and a citizenship test . Among all their possessions , however , their flags stand out the most .
Related
Comments
comments
Please contact us at clientservices @ accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 ( Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m . ET . ) , to start a free trial , get pricing information , order a reprint , or post an article link on your website .
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page . Please log in below to access the content .
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password ?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user ,
login here .
Register
Please contact us at clientservices @ accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 ( Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m . ET . ) ,
to start a free trial , get pricing information , order a reprint , or post an article link on your website .
Carrying extra weight could raise your risk of heart attack by more than a quarter , even if you are otherwise healthy .
Researchers have found that being overweight or obese increases a person 's risk of coronary heart disease ( CHD ) by up to 28 per cent compared to those with a healthy bodyweight , even if they have healthy blood pressure , blood sugar and cholesterol levels .
The findings add to a growing body of evidence that suggests being 'fat but fit ' is a myth , and that people should aim to maintain a body weight within a healthy range .
Storing too much fat in the body is associated with a number of metabolic changes , including increased blood pressure , high blood sugar and altered cholesterol levels , which can lead to disease and poor health . However , previous studies have revealed a subset of overweight people who appear to lack the adverse health effects of excess weight , leading to them being classified as 'metabolically healthy obese ' in the medical literature , and 'fat but fit ' in the media .
Now , a group led by researchers at Imperial College London and the University of Cambridge has shown that despite an apparent clean bill of health , this overweight group is still at increased risk compared to those with a healthy weight . In the largest study of its kind to date , scientists used data from more than half a million people in 10 European countries - taken from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition ( EPIC ) - to show that excess weight is linked with an increased risk of heart disease , even when people have a healthy metabolic profile .
`` Our findings suggest that if a patient is overweight or obese , all efforts should be made to help them get back to a healthy weight , regardless of other factors . Even if their blood pressure , blood sugar and cholesterol appear within the normal range , excess weight is still a risk factor '' said lead author Dr Camille Lassale , from Imperial 's School of Public Health and now based at University College London .
In the study , published in the European Heart Journal , researchers looked at the link between excess weight and risk of CHD , a condition where not enough blood gets through to the heart due to clogged arteries , leading to heart attacks .
After a follow-up period of more than 12 years , a total of 7,637 people in the EPIC cohort experienced CHD events , such as death from heart attack . Researchers then selected a representative group of more than 10,000 individuals as controls , for analysis .
Body weight was classified according to definitions from the World Health Organization . Those with a body mass index ( BMI ) over 30 were classed as obese , while those with a BMI of 25-30 were classed as overweight , and 18.5-25 as normal weight . More than half of the control group ( 63 per cent ) were female , with an average age of 53.6 and an average BMI of 26.1 .
Participants were categorised as 'unhealthy ' if they had three or more of a number of metabolic markers , including high blood pressure , blood glucose , or triglyceride levels , low levels of HDL cholesterol , or a waist size of more than 37 '' ( 94 cm ) for men and 31 '' ( 80 cm ) for women .
After adjusting for lifestyle factors such as smoking , diet , exercise and socioeconomic status , the researchers found that compared to the healthy normal weight group , those classed as unhealthy had more than double the risk of CHD , whether they were normal weight , overweight or obese .
However , analysis also revealed that within the apparently healthy group there was a significant difference in outcomes for people depending on their weight . The research found that compared to those at normal weight , people who were classified as healthy but were overweight had an increased CHD risk of 1.26 ( 26 per cent ) , while those who were healthy but obese had an increased risk of 1.28 ( 28 per cent ) .
Dr Ioanna Tzoulaki , from Imperial 's School of Public Health , said : `` I think there is no longer this concept of healthy obese . If anything , our study shows that people with excess weight who might be classed as 'healthy ' have n't yet developed an unhealthy metabolic profile . That comes later in the timeline , then they have an event , such as a heart attack . ''
According to the researchers , the excess weight itself may not be increasing the risk of heart disease directly , but rather indirectly through mechanisms such as increased blood pressure and high glucose . They add that as no follow-up measurements were taken , they can not show how the group 's health status changed over time . However , they add that what is clear from the study is that population-wide prevention and treatment of obesity is needed in order to ensure public health .
Dr Lassale added : `` Overall , our findings challenge the concept of the 'healthy obese ' . The research shows that those overweight individuals who appear to be otherwise healthy are still at increased risk of heart disease . ''
# # #
The research was funded by the European Union and supported by the UK Medical Research Council ( MRC ) , the British Heart Foundation ( BHF ) and the National Institute for Health Research ( NIHR ) .
'Separate and combined associations of obesity and metabolic health with coronary heart disease : a pan-European case-cohort analysis ' by Lassale , C. et al , is published in the European Heart Journal . ( DOI : 10.1093/eurheartj/ehx448 )
While studying abroad in Australia , Haylee Webster managed to capture an amazing moment on camera .
Weber was on a shark diving expedition on a Calypso Star Charter boat in Port Lincoln when they filmed a shark jumping out of the water – much like a dolphin – to grab some bait .
Haylee told Storyful that cage diving with great whites had always been a dream of theirs and they decided to make it a reality as a part of their last adventure in Australia before heading home to the United States .
See the dramatic clip below .
Nokia is back . The brand is being used on phones again after Microsoft retired it on its own devices a couple of years ago .
Finnish manufacturer HMD Global Oy is releasing new Nokia handsets , this time loaded with Android , and we 're extremely happy to see the famous label once again back where it belongs . It is even tipped to be announcing a refresh of the amazing , classic 3310 . Huzzah !
To celebrate , we 've handpicked some of our favourite Nokia mobile phones from the last 30 years or so . We 've also chucked in some stinkers too .
So here are the best and , frankly , worst and weirdest Nokia handsets we all remember , as we look forward to the Android Nokia phones of the future .
Perhaps the most iconic of all Nokia handsets , the 3310 was the phone that really took the interchangeable covers craze to all-new levels . It was also a hardy device - we know as we accidentally lobbed a fair few of them across car parks and down streets , but they continued to work .
Business types loved the 6310 and 6310i ( and the similar looking 6210 before them ) . It was more professional looking than the 3310 , but still offered a degree of customisation in an interchangeable plate at the bottom . The `` i '' version added a backlit screen and tri-band connectivity .
Described as a Windows Phone 8-powered cameraphone , the 1020 notably featured a PureView Pro camera with a 41-megapixel image sensor . It was also the last Nokia phone made before Microsoft announced it would acquire Nokia 's phone business .
The 808 was Nokia 's last Symbian-powered smartphone . It was also the first phone to feature Nokia 's PureView Pro technology .
Despite a clear demand for everything smart , Nokia went ahead with this affordable ultrabasic dual-band GSM mobile phone ... in 2010 .
The N-Gage was Nokia 's attempt to win over Game Boy users . It was a gaming device and mobile phone in one , though gamers scoffed at the phone and described it as looking as a taco .
Coming with Wi-Fi , Bluetooth and 3G connectivity , the Nokia N95 was a truly `` smart '' phone for its day . The battery took some bashing however , thanks to all the tech crammed inside , and it needed charging often .
The N81 was marketed as a mobile gaming device - similar to the N-Gage - and was notable for being the only N-Gage 2.0 device with special gaming keys .
The 5300 was reportedly the most popular ( in regards to the number of units sold ) of all the XpressMusic phones , a line of Nokia phones that was designed for music playback .
The N70 was a 3G mobile phone . It was announced as part of Nokia 's brand-new line of N-series multimedia phones .
The 6280 was another 3G mobile phone . It had a slide form factor and 2.2-inch colour TFT screen .
The 3250 was a unique mobile phone that featured a twist design , traditional phone keypad , camera , and dedicated music control keys .
The 1100 was a basic GSM mobile phone . Nokia claimed in 2011 that the phone was once owned by 250 million people , making it the world 's most popular phone at that time .
The 8800 was a slider phone . It was different in that it had a stainless-steel housing and a scratch-resistant screen .
The N90 was another phone under the N-series but stood out for its swivel design that transformed the device into four different modes .
The 7710 was a smartphone widely known as being Nokia 's first device with a touchscreen .
The 7280 was also called the `` lipstick '' phone . Announced as part of Nokia 's Fashion Phone line , it had black , white and red styling as well as a screen that transformed it into a mirror .
The 7600 had a teardrop form factor . It was aimed at the fashion market and featured interchangeable covers .
The 3300 was marketed as music playing phone but also featured a QWERTY keyboard .
The 5100 was a rugged device with a rubber casing and built-in FM stereo .
The 6800 was marketed as a messaging phone because of its unusual fold-out QWERTY keyboard .
The 3600/3650 was also the first phone in North America with an integrated camera . It was also different due to its circular keypad .
The 5510 featured a full QWERTY keyboard and a digital music player . It even had 64MB memory for storing audio files . Tonnes of room , right ?
The 7650 was the first Nokia smartphone with Symbian OS .
The 8210 was the smallest and lightest Nokia mobile phone available when it launched and reintroduced colourful , interchangeable covers .
The 7110 is nicknamed `` The Swordfish Phone '' because it was used by actor John Travolta in the film Swordfish . It was also the first mobile phone to come with a WAP browser .
The 3210 was notable because it introduced the idea of colourful , interchangeable covers . There are claims over 160 million units were sold , making it one of the most popular and successful phones in history .
The 5110 was made with business-consumers in mind , though it 's most remembered today for being one of the first phones to feature an addictive game : Snake .
The 9000 Communicator was a messaging phone and the first phone under the Communicator series . It is famous for being used by actor Val Kilmer in the remake of The Saint as well as by actors Anthony Hopkins and Chris Rock in the film Bad Company .
The 8110 gained notoriety as being the first phone with a slider form factor , but the design 's prominent curvature earned it the nickname `` banana phone '' .
The 1011 is famous for being the first mass-produced GSM phone .
The Cityman was one of the first compact phones . It became famous in 1987 when Mikhail Gorbachev , then-president of the Soviet Union , used a Cityman 900 to call Moscow during a press conference .
From 1985 to 1992 , Nokia manufactured the Mobira Talkman line of crazy-large cell phones you could carry with you ( if your arms were strong enough to lift the massive block/suitcase attached to the phone ) .
The Nokia 6 marks the long-awaited return of the brand to the mobile sphere . Already available in China but coming to Europe in 2017 , the 5.5-inch Full HD Android phone will be squarely aimed at the budget conscious .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
When a former community organizer with little other experience became the Democratic Party nominee for president in 2008 , conservatives began inquiring what , exactly , a “ community organizer ” does .
That led to a surge of interest in Saul Alinsky 's Rules for Radicals , a secular Bible among Barack Obama 's cohort of left-wing radicals in Chicago . In the White House , as aide Valerie Jarrett so memorably put it , Obama remained a community organizer , using their old tactics to push their agenda .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Now that they have been relegated to the opposition , Obama and the Democrats are not only using the same old Alinskyite tactics , but amplifying them through the media , who will never forgive President Donald Trump for winning the election . ( Far from retiring quietly , Obama has been swift to criticize their successor and encourage left-wing protests against their policies . )
Here are just a few examples of Alinsky 's rules being put into practice in an effort to bring down the Trump administration .
“ Pick the target , freeze it , personalize it , and polarize it. ” During the 2016 election , the media tried to stop Trump from winning by focusing on their personal flaws , real and imagined . That failed — so they are targeting the people around Trump .
The most unfortunate victim of this strategy is not former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn , who was forced to resign this week , but White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway , who is the most accessible member of the president 's media team , and one of the most effective . For making a flippant remark at the end of a Fox & Friends segment , in which they endorsed Ivanka Trump 's fashion line , they are now being singled out for investigation by the Office of Congressional Ethics . ( What “ investigation ” is needed ? They were on live television . )
The media are simply throwing whatever they can at the people around Trump , whether it is true or not . For example , bloggers and journalists smeared Deputy Assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka as a Nazi sympathizer , in keeping with the ongoing defamation of White House Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon ( both formerly of Breitbart News ) as a “ white nationalist ” and worse .
Sometimes the attacks are not only false , but also personally abusive , such as a recent article in Fusion targeting White House speechwriter and policy guru , Stephen Miller : “ Why does Stephen Miller sound like such a dick ? A voice coach explains. ” MSNBC 's Joe Scarborough 's attacks on Miller have become so openly hostile to Miller , and so personal in nature ( “ my young , little Miller ” ) that even the Washington Post seemed genuinely taken aback by the Morning Joe host 's criticisms .
It is worth noting that the media did not press for the resignation of any of the Obama administration officials associated with much more serious scandals — Benghazi , the IRS scandal and the NSA scandal come to mind — even when officials admitted that they had misled Congress and the public . Now , the media are constantly searching for personalities they can pillory as proxies for the Trump administration as a whole .
“ Ridicule is man 's most potent weapon. ” In the weeks after Election Day , Saturday Night Live contented itself with weepy tributes to Hillary Clinton . Now , however , it has returned to comedic form in ridiculing President Trump and their staff . There is nothing wrong with that — and Melissa McCarthy 's impersonation of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer is funny — but what is interesting is that mainstream news outlets , such as CNN , often spend the next several days after each new sketch reporting and re-running Saturday Night Live segments as news .
Politico recently piled on with an entirely speculative report that Saturday Night Live could actually force the dismissal of the White House staffers it has been targeting , including Spicer . The obvious goal of such “ fake news ” stories is turned entertainment into a political weapon against the Trump administration .
“ If you push a negative hard and deep enough it will break through into its [ positive ] counterside. ” What Alinsky meant was that tactics that would ordinarily be abhorrent — say , rioting on a university campus , or telling the public that members of the government were “ Nazis ” — would be tolerated , and even celebrated , once they had been proven successful .
The current Democratic Party strategy is not to reach out to the voters they have lost over the past several years , but rather to make the country appear ungovernable , hoping that voters then turn to the Democrats for relief .
In recent protests at Los Angeles International Airport , for instance , Mayor Eric Garcetti not only joined demonstrators in solidarity , but did so at a time when protesters were blocking traffic and disrupting travel . They were perfectly willing to harm their own city for political gain — normally objectionable , except that it worked .
These tactics will not fade because of one resignation . Alinksy , after all , advised their acolytes to “ keep the pressure on. ” What is happening today will continue throughout the Trump administration . The government , and the conservative voters who are expecting it to deliver , will have to be just as tough , and even stronger , in the face of Alinskyite attacks .
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News . They were named one of the “ most influential ” people in news media in 2016 . Their new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow them on Twitter at @ joelpollak .
1/60
Image Name : Eye to Eye . Image Description : Zimanga game reserve , South Africa - Whilst sitting in an overnight hide on the edge of as waterhole , one never know what animals may come and drink . When this large male leopard showed up , the excitement was profound . It is not often that you get to photograph a leopard eye to eye on its level a mere 4 meters in front of you . Your heart races and adrenaline pumps through your veins , it truly was an experience of a lifetime . Copyright : Brendon Cremer , South Africa , Commended , Open Wildlife and Winner , South Africa National Award .
Speaking in Thornhill , Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne said their party had more details in its mock version of a costed Ford platform than the PCs do in their official document released Wednesday afternoon .
A Western University economist who has been tracking party platforms has estimated that the PCs could run a deficit anywhere from $ 5.8 billion to $ 12.7 billion in 2019-20 , depending on what numbers they start out with , with the Liberals at $ 6.6 billion and the NDP at $ 5.5 billion .
However , according to their work , the Tories end up with the highest deficits over a four-year mandate . By 2021 , the PCs would have a $ 7.6 billion to $ 12.9 billion deficit , the Liberals $ 5.6 billion and the NDP just over $ 5 billion .
`` It 's unfortunate ( the PCs ) have n't costed this out , they have n't explained how they are going to pay for any of this — are they going to deficit finance it , are they going to make cuts somewhere else , '' said Mike Moffatt .
`` I think that 's problematic — voters should be able to access this information so they know what they are voting for . ''
They also noted that Ford 's frequent promise to find $ 6 billion in efficiencies is no longer in the plan that 's now posted online .
`` There is a line about efficiencies existing '' across all government , but nothing specific .
`` It 's hard to tell , '' if voters will care about the lack of details , Moffatt added . `` I 'm not naïve enough to believe that voters go over platforms with a fine-tooth comb , but voters want to know parties have done their homework . ''
Chris Cochrane at the University of Toronto said the lack of a full platform likely wo n't bother `` too many voters , but it also wo n't reassure anyone who has doubts about the PC party 's readiness to govern . The main benefit of a costed platform is that it provides voters with a sense of how a party will handle the trade-offs of governing .
`` Without a costed platform , the party does n't have to worry about trade-offs , '' said the political science professor .
`` As far as elections go , this one certainly provides a clear choice for voters , with or without a costed platform from the PCs . ''
Among the PC promises :
• Reducing hydro bills by 12 per cent , at a cost of $ 800 million a year to the government .
• $ 1.19 billion a year to reduce gas prices .
• Middle-class income tax cut , costing government coffers $ 2.26 billion a year ( starting in year three ) .
• Child-care tax credits , costing the government $ 389 million a year .
• Spending $ 1.9 billion over 10 years on mental health/addictions .
• $ 98 million a year for free dental care .
• $ 100 million more for autism services .
With files from Robert Benzie and Rob Ferguson
Hyper-connectivity has changed the way we communicate , wait , and productively use our time . Even in a world of 5G wireless and `` instant '' messaging , there are countless moments throughout the day when we 're waiting for messages , texts and Snapchats to refresh . But our frustrations with waiting a few extra seconds for our emails to push through does n't mean we have to simply stand by .
To help us make the most of these `` micro-moments , '' researchers from MIT 's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory ( CSAIL ) have developed a series of apps called `` WaitSuite '' that test you on vocabulary words during idle moments , like when you 're waiting for an instant message or for your phone to connect to WiFi .
Building on micro-learning apps like Duolingo , WaitSuite aims to leverage moments when a person would n't otherwise be doing anything - a practice that its developers call `` wait-learning . ''
`` With stand-alone apps , it can be inconvenient to have to separately open them up to do a learning task , '' says PhD student Carrie Cai , who leads the project . `` WaitSuite is embedded directly into your existing tasks , so that you can easily learn without leaving what you were already doing . ''
WaitSuite covers five common daily tasks : waiting for WiFi to connect , emails to push through , instant messages to be received , an elevator to come , or content on your phone to load . When using the system 's instant messaging app `` WaitChatter , '' users learned about four new words per day , or 57 words over just two weeks .
Ironically , Cai found that the system actually enabled users to better focus on their primary tasks , since they were less likely to check social media or otherwise leave their app .
WaitSuite was developed in collaboration with MIT professor Rob Miller and former MIT student Anji Ren . A paper on the system will be presented at ACM 's CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems this coming May in Colorado .
Among WaitSuite 's apps include `` WiFiLearner , '' which gives users a learning prompt when it detects that their computer is seeking a WiFi connection . Meanwhile , `` ElevatorLearner '' automatically detects when a person is near an elevator by sensing Bluetooth iBeacons , and then sends users a vocabulary word to translate .
Though the team used WaitSuite to teach vocabulary , Cai says that it could also be used for learning things like math , medical terms or legal jargon .
`` The vast majority of people made use of multiple kinds of waiting within WaitSuite , '' says Cai . `` By enabling wait-learning during diverse waiting scenarios , WaitSuite gave people more opportunities to learn and practice vocabulary words . ''
Still , some types of waiting were more effective than others , making the `` switch time '' a key factor . For example , users liked that with `` ElevatorLearner , '' wait time was typically 50 seconds and opening the flashcard app took ten seconds , leaving free leftover time . For others , doing a flashcard while waiting for WiFi did n't seem worth it if the WiFi connected quickly , but those with slow WiFi felt that doing a flashcard made waiting less frustrating .
In the future , the team hopes to test other formats for micro-learning , like audio for on-the-go users . They even picture having the app remind users to practice mindfulness to avoid reaching for our phones in moments of impatience , boredom , or frustration .
`` This work is really interesting because it looks to help people make use of all the small bits of wasted time they have every day '' says Jaime Teevan , a principal researcher at Microsoft who was not involved in the paper . `` I also like how it takes into account a person 's state of mind by , for example , giving terms to learn that relate to the conversations they are having . ''
# # #
One of America 's most prominent black CEOs quit President Trump 's manufacturing council on Monday over Trump 's failure to condemn white supremacists .
Kenneth Frazier of Merck said in a statement : `` America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy . ''
Within minutes , Trump attacked them on Twitter , saying Frazier 's resignation will give them `` more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ''
Frazier did not mention the violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , in their statement , but they did say that `` as a matter of personal conscience , I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ''
That appeared to be a reference to Trump 's statement over the weekend blaming violence `` on many sides '' after neo-Nazis and white nationalists clashed with counter-protesters .
Frazier is one of the country 's most prominent black corporate executives and was the only black male CEO named to the council in January .
Their exit marks another rebuke to Trump from corporate America . Trump 's June 1 decision to leave the Paris climate accord led Tesla CEO Elon Musk to step down from the manufacturing panel as well as a separate business advisory council .
Frazier appeared at the White House just last month to promote an agreement between Merck , Pfizer and Corning to create 1,000 jobs .
Trump formed the manufacturing council a week after their inauguration as part of a push to create jobs . At the time , the White House hailed the council , including Frazier , as `` some of the world 's most successful and creative business leaders . ''
At the group 's first meeting in January , Trump shook Frazier 's hand after the CEO talked up efforts to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. for a cancer drug .
`` That 's very good , '' Trump said at the time .
-- CNNMoney 's Patrick Gillespie contributed to this report .
Romain Grosjean will be interested to see just how much progress the Haas F1 Team has made this year in this weekend 's Azerbaijan Grand Prix after they were not at all competitive there last season .
The Frenchman says the race around the Baku Street Circuit will be a good challenge for the team that has a strong start to the 2018 campaign , even if Grosjean themselves is still seeking their first points finish of the year .
“ Baku is definitely a different circuit from the rest , ” said Grosjean . “ There 's that massive long straight line – where top speed plays a key role – and then you 've got the very twisty part around the castle , where the balance needs to be good .
“ It 's going to be a good challenge . It 's not a race where we were very competitive last year . It 'll be interesting to see how much progress we 've made . It 's a really exciting grand prix – a lot can happen . There are always good opportunities , so we 'll try to get them there . ”
Grosjean says it is important Haas continue to bring updates to the VF-18 in order to keep themselves involved at the sharp end of the midfield battle , and they see no reason why they can not be the best of the rest this season behind the big three teams .
“ I 'm hoping so . We 're working on that . If we do achieve that at the end of the season , it would be amazing , ” said Grosjean . “ It 's development of the car , bringing updates , and making sure we exploit the platform 100 percent as much as we can .
“ That 's really what we need . We 're competing against big teams , and they 're going to bring updates . We need to stay there as well . ”
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) - Belgium extradites Dutch national Guido Wolters to Russia , where they are accused of drug trafficking , the official spokesperson for the Russian Prosecutor General 's Office , Alexander Kurennoy , said Tuesday .
`` Today , on April 24 , 2018 , at the request of the Russian Prosecutor General 's Office , the authorities of the Kingdom of Belgium will extradite the Dutch national Guido Wolters to Russia , '' Kurennoy said .
According to the investigation , Wolters , a member of an organized criminal group , was involved in a large-scale drug smuggling operation from South America to the United Kingdom through Russia .
Kurennoy noted that the criminal case against Wolters was being conducted by the investigative department of the Russian Interior Ministry . They are charged with organization of a criminal community , smuggling and illegal production and sale of drugs .
READ MORE : Danish Police Arrest Alleged Drug Dealer Who Appeared in TV Doc About Drug Trade
Wolters was put on an international wanted list in April 2010 , and Russia sent an extradition request for the criminal to the Belgian authorities in May 2013 , the spokesperson added .
Later in the day , Russian Interior Ministry spokesperson Irina Volk told Sputnik that Wolters had already been transferred to Russia .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) - A woman has pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the stabbing death of a stranger after an argument in a Pittsburgh bar .
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reports that 25-year-old Ashley Henchell entered the plea Tuesday in Allegheny County Court .
They were charged in the death of 33-year-old Ryan Carosi , who was found near a CoGos convenience store in the Mount Washington neighborhood early Aug. 13 .
Police said the two fought in Satalio 's bar and later made up , but another argument began outside and they stabbed him . Allegheny County prosecutors allege that they then threw away the knife , went home and showered and washed them clothes .
Prosecutors said there is no agreement on sentencing , which is scheduled July 18 .
___
Information from : Pittsburgh Post-Gazette , http : //www.post-gazette.com
There was not much economic reassurance after yesterday 's meeting between Canada 's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and U.S. President Donald Trump . Today the C-D Howe Institute predicted that a proposed U.S. border adjustment tax ( BAT ) would reduce Canada 's real GDP by almost one percentage point .
The think-tank also says a BAT would drive up the value of the U.S. dollar and undermine the competitiveness of U.S. export businesses .
It 's not known whether the two leaders discussed the BAT at their meeting .
Uncertainty about crucial trade
There continues to be grave economic concern after Trump said they would tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement if elected . Trump was not much more specific yesterday than to say that trade with Canada needed “ tweaking . ”
Seventy-five per cent of Canada 's exports go to the U.S. and the two countries trade more than two-billion dollars a day .
The report from the C-D Howe Institute is the latest in what is sure to become a steady stream of reports on the dangers of impeded trade between the two countries .
Should issues of sexual harassment be added to the school curriculum ?
Should issues of sexual harassment be added to the school curriculum ?
WA 's most prestigious university plans to use a contentious online course to teach students how to recognise and obtain sexual consent .
The University of WA has confirmed it will introduce Consent Matters , an online course which uses animated stick figures to illustrate what is and what is not consent to sex .
News that some universities in other States have made it compulsory for students to pass the course to be able to graduate provoked outrage this week .
A spokesperson said UWA would introduce Consent Matters as part of its sexual health and relationships education strategy , but there were no plans to make it compulsory “ at this stage ” .
They said the university 's residential colleges were likely to use the online modules before they were offered more broadly across the campus .
WA 's other four universities said they were not using the Consent Matters course , designed by London company Epigeum , though several were rolling out consent training in response to a Human Rights Commission report which found one in five students had been sexually harassed in a university setting in 2016 .
UWA says the course wo n't be compulsory ‘ at this stage ' . Picture : Supplied
National Union of Students women 's officer Kate Crossin said the program was a cheap alternative to evidence-based courses that could change campus behaviour .
“ It is n't a proper solution , ” they said . “ It 's a cheap , bandaid approach . ”
Cowan MP Anne Aly , a former university professor who has developed sexual harassment training , criticised the online course as a “ tick-the-box ” exercise .
“ While I think it may go some way to raising awareness ... it certainly will not change behaviour , ” they said .
UWA student guild president Megan Lee said consent training should be made compulsory for all students .
“ The Guild thinks it is positive that the university is engaging with this issue and would like to see the university striving to exceed the national standards for education prevention , ” they said .
The UWA spokesperson said Consent Matters was designed to be used with workshops and face-to-face training .
“ It is rarely used as a stand-alone resource , ” they said .
Hackers allied with the Russian government have devised a cyber weapon that has the potential to be the most disruptive yet against electric systems that Americans depend on for daily life , according to US researchers .
The malware , which researchers have dubbed CrashOverride , is known to have disrupted only one energy system - in Ukraine in December . In that incident , the hackers briefly shut down one-fifth of the electric power generated in Kiev .
But with modifications , it could be deployed against US electric transmission and distribution systems to devastating effect , said Sergio Caltagirone , director of threat intelligence for Dragos , a cybersecurity firm that studied the malware and issued a report on Monday .
And Russian government hackers have already shown their interest in targeting US energy and other utility systems , researchers said .
`` It 's the culmination of over a decade of theory and attack scenarios , '' Caltagirone warned . `` It 's a game changer . ''
The revelation comes as the US government is investigating a wide-ranging , ambitious effort by the Russian government last year to disrupt the US presidential election and influence its outcome .
That campaign employed a variety of methods , including hacking hundreds of political and other organisations , and leveraging social media , US officials said .
Dragos has named the group that created the new malware Electrum , and has determined with high confidence that it used the same computer systems as the hackers who attacked the Ukraine electric grid in 2015 .
That attack , which left 225,000 customers without power , was carried out by Russian government hackers , other US researchers concluded .
US government officials have not officially attributed that attack to the Russian government , but some privately say they concur with the private sector analysis .
`` The same Russian group that targeted US [ industrial control ] systems in 2014 turned out the lights in Ukraine in 2015 , '' said John Hultquist , who analysed both sets of incidents while at iSight Partners , a cyber intelligence firm now owned by FireEye , where they are director of intelligence analysis .
Hultquist 's team had dubbed the group Sandworm .
`` We believe that Sandworm is tied in some way to the Russian government - whether they 're contractors or actual government officials , we 're not sure , '' they said . `` We believe they are linked to the security services . ''
Sandworm and Electrum may be the same group or two separate groups working within the same organisation , but the forensic evidence shows they are related , said Robert M. Lee , chief executive of Dragos .
The Department of Homeland Security , which works with the owners of the nation 's critical infrastructure systems , did not respond to a request for comment Sunday .
Energy-sector experts said that the new malware is cause for concern , but that the industry is seeking to develop ways to disrupt attackers who breach their systems .
`` US utilities have been enhancing their cybersecurity , but attacker tools like this one pose a very real risk to reliable operation of power systems , '' said Michael Assante , who worked at Idaho National Labs and is former chief security officer of the North American Electric Reliability Corporation , where they oversaw the rollout of industry cybersecurity standards .
CrashOverride is only the second instance of malware specifically tailored to disrupt or destroy industrial control systems . Stuxnet , the worm created by the United States and Israel to disrupt Iran 's nuclear enrichment capability , was an advanced military-grade weapon designed to affect centrifuges that enrich uranium .
In 2015 , the Russians used malware to gain access to the power supply network in western Ukraine , but it was hackers at the keyboards who remotely manipulated the control systems to cause the blackout - not the malware itself , Hultquist said .
With CrashOverride , `` what is particularly alarming . . . is that it is all part of a larger framework , '' said Dan Gunter , a senior threat hunter for Dragos .
The malware is like a Swiss Army knife , where you flip open the tool you need , and where different tools can be added to achieve different effects , Gunter said .
Theoretically , the malware can be modified to attack different types of industrial control systems , such as water and gas . However , the adversary has not demonstrated that level of sophistication , Lee said .
Still , the attackers probably had experts and resources available not only to develop the framework but also to test it , Gunter said . `` This speaks to a larger effort often associated with nation-state or highly funded team operations . ''
One of the most insidious tools in CrashOverride manipulates the settings on electric power control systems . It scans for critical components that operate circuit breakers and opens the circuit breakers , which stops the flow of electricity . It continues to keep them open even if a grid operator tries to close them , creating a sustained power outage .
The malware also has a `` wiper '' component that erases the software on the computer system that controls the circuit breakers , forcing the grid operator to revert to manual operations , which means driving to the substation to restore power .
With this malware , the attacker can target multiple locations with a `` time bomb '' functionality and set the malware to trigger simultaneously , Lee said . That could create outages in different areas at the same time .
The outages would last a few hours and probably not more than a couple of days , Lee said . That is because the US electric industry has trained its operators to handle disruptions caused by large storms . `` They 're used to having to restore power with manual operations , '' they said .
So although the malware is `` a significant leap forward in tradecraft , it 's also not a doomsday scenario , '' they said .
The malware samples were first obtained by ESET , a Slovakian research firm , which shared some of them with Dragos . ESET has dubbed the malware Industroyer .
2017 © The Washington Post
This article was originally published by The Washington Post .
In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday , the suspect in a February massacre at a Florida high school announced their intention to become the next school shooter , aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying “ you 're all going to die . ”
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others .
Cruz , wearing a ball cap , introduces themselves in the first video and says they are “ going to be the next school shooter of 2018. ” They go on to say that they want to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland . The videos are undated , but on one they say , “ Today is the day . Today it all begins . The day of my massacre shall begin . ”
“ When you see me on the news , you 'll all know who I am , ” they say in another and then laughs . “ You 're all going to die . ... Ca n't wait . ”
In a second video , Cruz briefly discusses logistics , including that they will take Uber to campus about 2:40 . They then says he 'll walk onto campus , go up some stairs , open their bag to take out their weapon and start firing . School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what they did -the only difference being that they arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m .
Camera Icon Alana Koer lost their son in the Parkland massacre . Picture : AP
In the third video , the camera apparently pointed at pavement , they talk about their loneliness , anger and hatred , and announces that the “ day of my massacre shall begin . ”
“ I live a lone life . I live in seclusion and solitude . I hate everyone and everything . But the power of my AR you will all know who I am . I had enough of being told what to do and when to do , ” they say . “ I had enough of being told what to do and when to do . I had enough of being told that I 'm an idiot and a dumbass . You 're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs . ”
They also referenced a former girlfriend , saying “ I hope to see you in the afterlife . ”
Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack . Their lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole , but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty . Cruz , 19 , is a former Stoneman Douglas student .
The Broward State Attorney 's Office released the video because under Florida law , with few exceptions , evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant 's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process . Cruz 's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and “ further hurt and inflame the victims ' families and the community . ”
“ This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is , ” Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein , whose office is representing Cruz , said in a statement .
Camera Icon Nikolas Cruz Picture : McClatchy Tribune
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer to Stoneman Douglas . They spent several months there before being kicked out . Their late mother also called 911 on them almost 20 times over the years and they had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs .
Further Reading Facebook 's secret rules mean that it 's OK to be anti-Islam , but not anti-gay Facebook has released a lengthy 22-point document that explains more fully what its `` community standards '' are—in short , what is and is n't allowed on the platform .
Facebook representatives declined to respond to Ars ' request for comment on the record , insisting that we speak to them only on background . It is not clear why the company , after 14 years , is finally releasing its guidelines now . Facebook also noted that these newly published standards `` closely mirror our internal guidelines . ''
Last year , ProPublica obtained a slide deck outlining some of the mystifying rules , which allowed , for instance , attacks on a subset of a group ( `` radical Muslims '' or `` white female drivers '' ) but not larger groups with immutable characteristics ( `` all men '' ) .
Further Reading YouTube clarifies “ hate speech ” definition and which videos wo n't be monetized The new rubric , which was released Tuesday , attempts to explain in plain English and more detail how Facebook thinks about its seemingly reluctant role as a regulator . Other tech companies , notably YouTube , have been attempting to make their internal standards process more clear to their user base .
`` We do not tolerate harassment on Facebook , '' the company wrote in one of the sections .
`` We want people to feel safe to engage and connect with their community . Our harassment policy applies to both public and private individuals because we want to prevent unwanted or malicious contact on the platform . Context and intent matter , and we allow people to share and re-share posts if it is clear that something was shared in order to condemn or draw attention to harassment . In addition to reporting such behavior and content , we encourage people to use tools available on Facebook to help protect against it . ''
The company also noted that , for the first time , it will add a formal appeals process to challenge content removal .
`` Over the coming year , we are going to build out the ability for people to appeal our decisions , '' Monika Bickert , vice president of global policy management , wrote in a blog post . `` As a first step , we are launching appeals for posts that were removed for nudity / sexual activity , hate speech or graphic violence . ''
April 23 Guangdong Homa Appliances Co Ltd
* Says its controlling shareholder plans to invest at least 300 million yuan ( $ 43.58 million ) to acquire at least 2 percent more stake in the company in the next six months
Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2pTe6IE
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.8845 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
The 2017 all-state softball teams as voted on by the state 's coaches . Each coach was invited to vote for the top players in their or their team 's classification . Class 5A First team P • Kierstyn Ketchell , Fremont P • Mia Cullimore , Davis C • Kanadee Moore , Bingham 1B • Huntyr Ava , West 2B • Dayna Hokanson , Herriman SS • April Visser , Herriman 3B • Breah Ava , West OF • Paige Reynolds , Davis OF • Makaiya Gomez , Copper Hills OF • Keisha White , West Second team P • Nicole Wall , Bingham P • Ashtyn Bauerle , Syracuse C • Ashlyn Tingey , Weber 1B • Mikaela Thomson , Herriman 2B • Rylie Bennett , Fremont SS • Jazmyn Rollin , West IF • Kenzi Dorney , Bingham OF • Hanna Golder , Clearfield OF • Madyson Durrant , Viewmont UT • Tylor Comeau , Layton Honorable mention P • Mikala Ulibarri , West C • Kim Taylor , Taylor ; Portia Price , Copper Hills ; Ashlee Schriever , Syracuse ; Asia Fauga , West 1B • Kaci Bobo , Copper Hills 2B • Alandra Finneman , Bingham SS • Perri Winterbottom , Clearfield ; Carley Croshaw , Davis ; Emery Marshall , Syracuse ; Gabby Oliver , West Jordan 3B • Shayna Alofipo , Herriman ; Brooklyn Barrus , Mountain Crest Class 4A First team P • Summer Stensgard , Uintah P • Cambrie Hazel , Spanish Fork C • Whitnee Alexander , Uintah 1B • Alexis Poulsen , Cyprus 2B • Brylee Marziale , Box Elder SS • Sydney Wilson , Maple Mountain 3B • Rylee Harris , Springville OF • Brooke Brown , Woods Cross OF • Jordyn Bate , Spanish Fork OF • Preslee Jensen , Murray Second team P • Aubrie Paulsen , Orem P • Angel Valdez , Kearns C • Brylee Rudd , Spanish Fork 1B • Marissa Dale , Timpanogos SS • Mary Fredricksen , Springville IF • Taylor Sorensen , Box Elder IF• Tristin Evans , Kearns OF • Ali Jennings , Murray OF • Libbie Hawker , Bountiful OF • McKell Stone , Spanish Fork Honorable mention P • Bailie Singleton , Corner Canyon C • Natalie Sumsion , Springville ; Avery Reynolds , Maple Mountain ; Riley Newbold , Cyprus 2B • Gabby Beckstrom , Spanish Fork ; Aislyn Sharp , Spanish Fork ; Cheyanne Gates , Corner Canyon SS • Barrett Jessop , Skyline ; Kassidy Callahan , Uintah 3B • McHailee Danner , Bountiful ; Josee Haycock , Corner Canyon ; Mallory Barber , Spanish Fork Class 3A First team P • Kapri Toone , Bear River P • Alese Casper , Grantsville C • Brayle Crosman , Grantsville 1B • Mailee Jensen , Ridgeline 2B • Lindsey Allie , Stansbury SS • Dream Weaver , Cedar IF • Bostick , Madison , Union OF • Taylei Williams , Juab OF • Mya Washington , Ridgeline OF • Mercedes Call , Bear River Second team P • Brianna St. Clair , Desert Hills P • Kameryn Grover , Tooele C • Ashley Hess , Bear River 1B • Reannon Justice , Grantsville 2B • Taylor Fox , Bear River SS • Payton Hammond , Tooele 3B • Madisyn Christensen , Richfield OF • Kelsey Hyatt , Canyon View OF • Sophie Wilcox , Desert Hills OF • Amber Lujan , Tooele Honorable mention P • Bryton Holyoak , Cedar ; Aaliyah Bass , Juan Diego C • Bela Sedillo , Juan Diego ; Lyndsey Anderson , Ridgeline ; Kaitlynn Sperry , Juab ; McKenzie Worthington , Dixie 1B • Rylee Ricks , Stansbury ; Pua Johnson , Cedar SS • Hannah Butler , Grantsville ; Addelyn Brotherson , North Sanpete ; Lynsey Valverde , Bear River 3B • Kylee Leach , Grantsville IF • Preslee Gates , Snow Canyon OF • Addison Smith , Grantsville ; Tyler Thornton , Ridgeline ; Denim Henkel , Cedar ; Kambree Christiansen , Stansbury ; Jaiden Smith , Hurricane Class 2A First team P • Hannah Peterson , South Summit P • JaCoy Christensen , Beaver C • Jaida Shaw , Manti 1B • Halle Drake , Enterprise SS • Lacy Drake , Enterprise IF • Elise Bush , South Summit IF • Abbey Yardley , Beaver OF • Emily Brackett , Gunnison Valley OF • Jerusha Miner , Gunnison Valley OF • Meg Larsen , Manti Second team P • McKenna Rowell , Millard P • Allie Laub , Enterprise C • Tavy Gale , Beaver 1B • Sammi Rogers , South Summit 2B • Madison Cox , Manti SS • Autumn Rogerson , Parowan IF • Maddi Stokes , Altamont OF • Abcdee Berg , South Summit OF • Tori Phelps , Enterprise OF • Allie Cordero , Summit Academy Honorable mention P • Savannah Hansen , South Sevier ; Tia Shumway , Grand County ; Kaylie Grant , Duchesne ; Kosha Reidhead , Kanab C • Nicole Fitzgerald , South Summit ; Megan Rasmussen , Millard ; Lexie Alder , Manti 1B • Sydnee Gillins , Beaver ; Brielle Thacker , Altamont 2B • Paige Stevenson , Altamont ; Cassidy Hortin , South Summit SS • Tayler Brackett , Gunnison Valley 3B • Kindy Christensen , Enterprise ; Gracey Gardner , Altamont
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
With the heat wave going on in our area , Joe Snedeker is asking people if they know what the highest temperature that has hit the Scranton area .
As always , Milo has the answer in the week 's Wham Cam .
Some pictures of K-pop boy group BIGBANG 's leader G-DRAGON at the military base are making their fans concern.On March 19 , several photos that showed G-DRAGON 's daily life at the military base were released online.In the first photo , they look at the camera without any facial expression and holds a cup on their left hand.However , fans noticed that they were wearing a cast on their left arm.Not only that , but they were also spotted with an ankle brace on the other photos that were released by ETtoday―Taiwanese media outlet on the same day.After seeing these photos that look like G-DRAGON was injured during their military training , fans are worrying about G-DRAGON 's physical condition.These photos contrast to previously released photos of G-DRAGON at the military base looking very happy.Earlier on February 27 , G-DRAGON enlisted in the 'White Skull ' division in Gangwon-do to serve the national mandatory duty.G-DRAGON will be discharged from the army in November 2019 . ( Lee Narin , Credit= Online Community , ETtoday.net , 'BIGBANG ' Facebook ) ( SBS Star )
Perth-based CTI Logistics will take over service partner Stirling Freight Express in a $ 4.5 million deal .
Stirling provides overnight delivery to the South West with depots in Perth , Albany , Bunbury , Geraldton , Merredin and Kalgoorlie .
The business will be merged into CTI 's existing regional freight network .
CTI said in a statement the acquisition would strengthen its position in the WA regional freight market .
The deal , which will be funded through CTI 's existing debt facilities , is expected to settle on July 2 .
Businessman David Watson , who founded CTI in 1972 , retains a 34 per cent stake in the company , which employs more than 1000 staff in WA and across Australia .
CTI shares last changed hands for $ 1 , giving it a market capitalisation of $ 77 million .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) - A total of 68 percent of UK people who believe that Brexit is going badly tend to blame the situation on the government , yet Remain and Leave voters considerably differ on the issue , the YouGov pollster said Wednesday in a statement .
`` Two thirds ( 68 % ) of those who think Brexit is currently going badly say that it is the government 's fault . This includes three quarters who voted Remain ( 77 % ) and 58 % of Leave voters , '' the statement said .
The findings show that , while Remain voters are much more likely to accuse the government than they are to blame any other group , Brexiteers equally see fault with the European Union ( 58 percent , against 25 percent of Remainders ) and the government ( 58 percent ) .
READ MORE : If May Could n't Stand Heat of England Penalties , How Will They Handle Brexit ?
According to the poll , Remain and Leave voters also tend to blame each other for the situation in roughly equal proportions . A total of 42 percent of Remainders put the blame on Brexiteers , while 39 percent of Leave voters blame their Remain-voting counterparts .
Only 16 percent of UK people believe that Brexit is going well so far , while Leave voters are far more likely to think so than Remainders ( 26 percent against 6 percent ) , the pollster said .
The United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union in a referendum in 2016 , but the vote left the country divided almost equally into Remainers and Brexiteers . The UK-EU Brexit negotiations officially kicked off in June 2017 and are expected to be completed by the end of March 2019 .
New figures show investors have been further squeezed out of a housing market they once hogged .
Economists expect regulatory pressures on loans once favoured by investors , like interest-only , are placing persistent pressure on the investor sector .
JP Morgan economist Henry St John also believes the banking royal commission has been a catalyst for these dynamics to play out more quickly than otherwise expected as banks tighten their lending criteria .
`` Falling house prices will also exacerbate the slowdown in investor credit growth , '' they said .
Reserve Bank figures released on Thursday show credit for housing investment grew by just 0.1 per cent in April , dragging the annual rate down for the third month in a row to 2.3 per cent .
This is well below the most recent annual peak of 10.8 per cent seen three years ago .
In comparison , housing credit among owner-occupiers rose 0.5 per cent in April for an annual pace of 8.6 per cent .
However , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has warned the high indebtedness of Australian households does pose a risk to an otherwise rosy economic outlook .
`` Unexpectedly large corrections in house prices would reduce household wealth and could cut consumption and damage the construction sector , '' the OECD said in its latest Economic Outlook released in Paris on Wednesday .
It expects a pick-up in business investment and exports will help boost economic growth , alongside government investment in roads and other infrastructure projects .
It sees economic growth accelerating to around three per cent this year and next , much in line with the Reserve Bank and Treasury 's predictions .
Treasurer Scott Morrison jumped on the report saying it was an endorsement of the forecasts in the federal budget released earlier this month .
They noted the OECD makes reference to government debt falling while spending controls and revenue integrity measures were helping to balance the books .
`` That is a pretty strong endorsement , '' Mr Morrison told parliament .
Other data released on Thursday suggests the economy is on course to fulfil growth forecasts .
Capital expenditure by private businesses grew by 0.4 per cent in the first three months of 2018 .
While this was smaller than the one per cent expected by economists , the 'equipment , plant and machinery ' component that feeds directly into the national accounts rose 2.5 per cent and a healthy 9.3 per cent over the year .
The March quarter national accounts are due next Wednesday .
At this stage , economists are forecasting the economy expanded by a solid 0.8 per cent in the quarter , double the rate seen in the final three months of 2017 .
This would lift the annual rate to 2.7 per cent from 2.4 per cent previously .
Economists will finalise their forecasts after company profits , inventories , international trade and government spending data are released early next week .
Rose McGowan wants to make one thing clear : They did n't benefit from their experience with Harvey Weinstein .
In PEOPLE 's exclusive sneak peek at Thursday 's one-hour installment , McGowan meets with other sexual assault survivors while traveling in Italy .
“ It makes my heart happy that Azia has somewhere to go for women that support , ” they say while sitting with a group of women . “ That 's something that for me , has been fundamentally not there . ”
The women also discuss the importance of the # MeToo movement and women sticking together as a collective unit .
“ Of course , why do you think I did it ? ” says McGowan . “ I always say I am not a # MeToo , I am not # MeToo . ”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
Rose McGowan Nathan Congleton/TODAY
“ It 's not about me , ” they continue . “ I get frustrated with that because I 'm tired of it . ”
But when one woman asks McGowan , 44 , if their experience with Weinstein helped “ open the doors of Hollywood , ” the actor quickly becomes upset .
“ I find that offensive , sorry , ” they say before getting up and walking away .
McGowan was one of the first women to speak out in October when Weinstein 's decades of alleged sexual misconduct and assault broke in The New York Times and The New Yorker . McGowan claims Weinstein sexually assaulted them in 1997 .
RELATED VIDEO : Rose McGowan 's Ex-Manager Dies by Suicide — and Them Family Slams McGowan and Harvey Weinstein
The former movie mogul has since been accused by over 60 women of various forms of sexual assault and misconduct . Weinstein , 66 , has denied the allegations of nonconsensual sex and retaliation .
Weinstein surrendered to authorities at a police precinct in New York City on Friday . They were arrested and charged on charges of rape , committing a criminal sex act , sexual abuse and sexual misconduct , according to the New York Police Department .
“ It 's surreal . It 's real . It 's both , ” McGowan said of their arrest while appearing on Megyn Kelly Today . “ To see them in cuffs on the way out… that 's a very good feeling . ”
“ I actually did n't believe this day would come , ” they added . “ This is a big strike into the heart of abuse of power and it shows people that this can not and will not stand . ”
The firm behind Calculate Linux is celebrating the end of the year by releasing a new version of Calculate Linux , a Gentoo derived distribution.All flavors of Calculate Linux have been upgraded to version 17 and it also premieres a new `` Timeless '' server flavor of the distribution . Calculate Linux 17 features an updated GUI manager , command-line manager improvements , support for starting up the system without PulseAudio , a beta version of the LXQt desktop for Calculate Linux , MATE 1.16 with GTK3 is now available , the latest Linux kernel is packaged , support for installation onto NVMe SSDs , and a range of other updates.Those wishing to learn more about Calculate Linux 17 can do so at Calculate-Linux.org
Name : Mazda MX-03
Debuted : 1985 Tokyo Motor Show
Specs : tri-rotor turbocharged 1962cc engine with 315 hp , four-speed automatic transmission , four-wheel steering , four-wheel drive
Why We Remember It Now :
A technological tour de force , we believe the low-slung large coupe is worthy of your attention as it had some amazing specs and a futuristic interior .
The second-generation RX-7 was undoubtedly Mazda 's star at the Tokyo show roughly 32 years ago , so you could say it stole the MX-03 's thunder . Packing all the tech bells and whistles the Japanese marque had at that moment , the four-seater received a sophisticated three-rotor , turbocharged 1962cc engine pushing out a respectable 315 horsepower .
All that Zoom-Zoom power was channeled to both axles through a four-speed automatic transmission that had a cool gearshift shaped like a pistol grip . For a concept that came out in 1985 , it 's quite remarkable the MX-03 had four-wheel steering to improve cornering stability as well as the steering 's response and precision . The full-time four-wheel-drive system featured an electronically controlled torque-split mechanism adjustable via a button installed inside the cabin where there was a jet fighter-styled steering wheel .
If you 're wondering why it does not have a wing mirror on the passenger 's side , it 's because Mazda decided to get rid of it as a way to reduce drag and boost the car 's aerodynamic efficiency . For the same reason , an integrated rear spoiler was added , while the wheel housings were tweaked as well to make the car as sleek as possible . The end result ? A drag coefficient of only 0.25 .
Since it was designed right from the beginning to remain strictly a concept , Mazda had the freedom to go all out with the MX-03 , hence the futuristic interior with a head-up display , a digital dashboard , and high-tech controls .
Performance-wise , Mazda said the 2+2 coupe had a top speed of 180 mph ( 290 kph ) , but truth be told it was more of a theoretical figure since the MX-03 's maximum velocity was never actually tested . Same goes for its 0-60 mph ( 0-96 kph ) sprint said to take around 4.7 seconds . Nevertheless , it must 've been properly quick .
PCL Construction has managed the two-year revitalization plan of the National Arts Centre — and now it is contributing to the events happening inside .
The award-winning firm — which oversaw the construction of the nearby Shaw Centre downtown — presented a $ 75,000 cheque to the NAC Foundation on Wednesday in support of the Canada Scene festival , which starts Thursday .
“ The arts are such a balance to our community . I 've always loved the arts , whether or not it 's the music side , the drama side , the theatre side , so it 's easy for me , ” said Kevin Skinner , vice-president and district manager for PCL 's Ottawa operations . “ We looked at how we could contribute and it 's really about helping the arts stay alive . ”
Canada Scene will run from June 15 to July 23 throughout Ottawa and Gatineau for Canada 's 150th anniversary . The festival will feature more than one thousand Canadian artists in music , dance , theatre , film , literature , comedy , and the culinary and visual arts .
The series of multi-disciplinary biennial festivals began with Atlantic Scene in 2003 , with subsequent themes that included Alberta , Quebec , B.C. , the Prairies and Ontario in 2015 .
The six-week festival , which will include some free programming , costs around $ 4 million to produce and is funded through public and private donations .
“ We are very proud that PCL is making a $ 75,000 contribution to the Canada Scene festival , so along with other donors , they are the people who are making possible this major celebration for our country and our city , ” said Jayne Watson , CEO of the NAC Foundation .
Canada Scene will be part of the run-up to the celebrations surrounding the unveiling of the NAC 's new renovations on July 1 , which will include a new glass lantern foyer .
We talk rose 's or rose 's part 2 to be exact , all you need to know about roses .
Listen to the podcast here .
http : //www.2hd.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Podcast-with-Brent-Bultitude-and-Gavin-from-Lee-Rowan-31052018.mp3
missed part one ?
listen here to part one
http : //www.2hd.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Podcast-with-Brent-Bultitude-and-Gavin-from-Lee-Rowan-17052018.mp3
You can visit Gavin and the team at Warners bay and Ourimbah
online at https : //www.leerowans.com.au
Facebook
https : //www.facebook.com/LeeRowansGardenworld
Could a court date at Fort Bragg be Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl 's last stand ?
In April , Bergdahl is scheduled for a court martial hearing on charges of desertion and misbehavior in front of the enemy . But could the Commander in Chief be their ace in the hole ? Their defense team thinks so .
When Donald Trump the candidate was on the campaign trail , they numerously referred to Bergdahl as a traitor , and they are n't shy about sharing their negative opinion about the Hailey native . But now , Candidate Trump is President Trump and those words could come back to haunt him .
Lead defense attorney Eugene Fidell had this to say about Trump 's comments . `` We move to dismiss the charges on the grounds that President Trump 's comments made repeatedly across the country make it impossible for them to to get a fair trial . ''
Not going to happen says Army prosecutors . However Eric Carpenter , a former Army lawyer who teaches at Florida International University said potential jurors could already be influenced . `` The prosecution is in a tough spot . These statements are really indefensible , and they have the job of defending them. , No one in the administration has disavowed those comments , so the comments still have life . ''
Fidell says Bergdahl deserves better . `` You know , they spent the better part of a decade of their young life either in enemy hands or in a holding pattern at Fort Sam Houston . This is not a lot of fun , it 's something that should be brought in for a landing to be perfectly honest . ''
For now , Bergdahl who remains at Fort Sam Houston , will have to do what he 's become accustomed to , and that 's waiting .
HUTCHINSON , Kan. — Current Hutchinson City Council members will be staying in office longer under a charter ordinance moving city elections to November of odd ­numbered years .
The matter will be taken up during Tuesday 's City Council meeting . The move is being made to agree with a change the Kansas Legislature approved in 2015 . If the change is approved current council members ' terms would be extended nine months . Council members whose terms are set to expire in April would remain in office until January 2018 , and those set to expire in April 2019 would remain in office until January 2020 .
Also Tuesday the Council will seek approval to the zoning change that would allow adult day care center in commercial areas . The center would be built at the old Medical Center building at 1125 N Main . Kansas has just 14 of these centers that provide services such as therapeutic activities , meals , transportation , caregiver support groups , personal assistance , social services and rehab therapy , some of which can be covered by insurance . About 80 percent of the centers have a professional nursing staff .
The matter was recommended for approval by the planning commission . Tuesday 's Hutchinson City Council meeting begins at 9 a.m. at the city offices .
by Hope Holland
When people use the phrase “ led around by the nose ” it is evident that they are implying that someone is being led by that old ring in the nose that can cow even the toughest of bulls . The phrase is not usually used in any complimentary fashion .
However , for Butch and Krista Groft , allowing themselves to be led by a bull brought a great change to them and their farm . Both Butch and Krista had agricultural backgrounds : Butch showed dairy cattle and ponies while Krista showed horses . Upon their marriage , it seemed only natural to take up keeping cattle on their home farm in Union Bridge , MD . This went on through the ups and downs of cattle prices until one day they looked at each other and decided they had enough of the work , the uncertainty of the prices and the necessity of working around Butch 's full time job as a lineman . In short , they sold out .
Well , almost . What they kept was one bull . They decided they would take that one bull , Tank , a Limousin/Angus cross , over to a friend 's place and see if that bull would buck . They went to the farm of Chip Ridgely who lives nearby and they gave Tank a chance to prove themselves against the cowboys who frequent Ridgely 's bucking chutes and bull riding events .
Tank did buck . In fact , once they got the hang of the whole thing , they bucked out of the chutes 25 times and was only ridden twice for the whole eight seconds . Tank proved themselves handsomely and Butch said , “ We got the bug . ”
What that meant was that they went out and bought Tank some cows from a lady in nearby Taylorsville , MD who had Brahma and Brahma-cross cows . When the heifers from that cross reached maturity they were bred to the good # 38 Vegas bull that belonged to another neighboring bucking bull man , Johnny Williams who also lives in Union Bridge , MD and who runs regular Saturday night bull buckings on their J Bar W Ranch . Vegas is the grandson of legendary PBR bucking bull Blueberry Wine which over the seven years of their career had 93 outs and only gave up nine rides . The daughters of the Vegas/Tank/Brahma cross were bred back to Tank , doubling up on Tank 's innate talents with the valuable outcross to Vegas and the proven Brahma bucking bloodlines in there , too . Obviously , this was no overnight sensation ; Butch and Krista were in it for the long haul and they were laying a solid foundation for their dreams and the stock they needed to achieve them .
Along the way , they came into contact with another part of the bucking bull nation…mini bulls . The mini bull is just like the big bulls except that it is about half-size and just a little tamer and it is built to please the demands of the mini bull riders out there . The PBR recognizes the Miniature Bull Riders and is an official sponsor of this desire of its youngest cowboys , ages from eight and nine years old for the Pee Wee Division through 10 and 11 years in the Junior Division and up to 12 to 14 years old for the Senior Division .
The mini bulls were the bright idea of Lillie and Cirildo Leal of Lockney , Texas . In 2010 , they started a mini bull stock contracting business supplying the little bulls to local rodeos . The Leal 's vision of a Miniature Bull Riders circuit caught the attention of Chris Shivers , a 2-time PBR World Champion , who came on board and became a partner in the Leal 's vision . MBR promotes the sport of youth bull riding and also promotes the values that are important to those who participate in the PBR , self-confidence , respect and sportsmanship .
The Grofts also ‘ got the bug ' for mini bulls and now keep mini bulls and sponsor mini bull riding with their year-end championship rides being held at the mid-winter indoor bull riding spectaculars that Johnny Williams holds in Westminster , MD .
Not only do the Grofts now hold their own bull bucking 's at their farm in Union Bridge , MD with their own Buck Wild Rodeo Bulls but now they have contracts to supply bulls to two very different groups besides the mini bull crew of riders .
They have the contract to supply Maryland 's new and very keen group of High School Rodeo riders . They are also sending bulls to the NFRJR , National Finals Rodeo JR riders , which is a group of very tough riders who need commensurately tough bulls .
In addition to that they have at least one bull with Mark Reed 's Triple R Bull Company that supplies bulls to the PBR , which is as tough as it gets . When a bull is leased to a supplier that bull must carry the brand of the supplier 's company to be registered with the PBR so it is not unusual to see a bull bucking in the PBR with two or even three different brands . What that requirement does is give the men who understand bulls , rodeos and bull riding the complete history of that animal on sight .
This is “ brand recognition ” at a level that the advertising agencies which inhabit the high-rise buildings in the big cities very probably do n't even know exists but it is this precise piece of solid American history that gave rise to much of their jargon .
Butch and Krista Groft understand what a brand means and they also know the hard road that leads to making a name in the only industry that demands everything that a member of that industry can give , including sometimes blood as well as sweat and tears .
HONOLULU ( AP ) — An autistic high school student raped a classmate while the adult assigned to monitor them was taking a nap , said a federal lawsuit accusing Hawaii 's statewide school district of negligence .
The autistic student had a full-time one-on-one aide because they were known to be violent , the lawsuit filed Monday said . The aide was asleep when the 2012 attack happened during Pearl City High School band practice , the lawsuit said .
The Associated Press does n't typically name victims of sexual assault . The 10th-grade girl was in the back of the band at the percussion section when the larger 11th-grader raped them there and then again in a curtained area of the auditorium .
The aide was sleeping in the audience section of the auditorium , the lawsuit said .
State Department of Education spokesperson Donalyn Dela Cruz declined to comment on pending litigation . Kyle Miyashiro , who was a vice principal at the time and is named as a defendant , referred questions to the school 's principal who did n't immediately respond Tuesday . The aide , Bryan Simpson , is also named as a defendant and no longer works at the school , Miyashiro said . Simpson could n't be reached for comment .
The girl reported the rape to their mother and police , said their attorney Peter Hsieh . The autistic student was prosecuted in family court and convicted of two counts of first-degree sexual assault , Hsieh said .
“ She dropped out of high school . They could n't finish because of what happened to her , ” Hsieh said . But they later earned a GED diploma and is now studying bioengineering at the University of Hawaii , they said .
“ She 's basically turned an adverse situation as a motivator for her , ” they said , adding that it was their decision to pursue a civil lawsuit .
In a separate , similar case , a jury last year determined that the Department of Education failed to protect a special education student who said they were raped by a special education classmate at Waianae High School . The jury awarded the girl and their mother about $ 810,000 in damages , but the state appealed . The case is before the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals , said Hsieh , who also handled that case .
The two lawsuits send a “ loud message that there is a lack of proper training and supervision of teachers , aides and assistants , ” Hsieh said , “ especially when it comes to children who have a history of violence . ”
—
Follow Jennifer Sinco Kelleher at http : //www.twitter.com/JenHapa . Them work can be found at http : //bigstory.ap.org/content/jennifer-sinco-kelleher .
Comments
comments
BRIEF-BB & T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb & t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent , effective immediately Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Despite being trapped in a Thailand cave for over 10 days , the twelve members of a youth soccer team that went missing said in a new video that they are “ healthy . ”
In a video posted by the Thai Navy SEALS on their Facebook page Tuesday , the children — aged 11 to 16 — and their 25-year-old coach are seen inside the partially flooded cavern wrapped in foil blankets . As their faces are lit by a flashlight one by one , each boy introduces themselves by folding their hands and saying they are healthy , according to the New York Times .
A doctor sitting with the Wild Boar team also asks , “ What do the 13 of you want to say to your fans ? Everybody in this world has been following your news . ”
Rescue teams are now working to determine just how they 'll get the children out safely as monsoons threaten the area .
Chris Jewell — a cave diving officer from the British Cave Rescue Council who is close to British divers Rick Stanton and John Volanthen , who located the stranded team — tells PEOPLE that the rescue is “ absolutely unprecedented . ”
“ There have been a few instances where divers have rescued non-divers from caves but generally they have all been very short distances… Here you are talking substantially more than that , ” Jewell — who is not directly involved with the rescue efforts — explains .
Although divers have established the route through the flooded tunnel , the boys do n't know how to swim , Jewell claims , and there is “ zero visibility. ” However , Jewell says it 's more important that the children feel comfortable in the water .
“ They might not be able to swim but as long as they feel confident in the water that will be a massive bonus , ” they explain .
ARMY HANDOUT/EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock
PONGMANAT TASIRI/EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock
Despite locating the team , Jewell says no one has congratulated themselves just yet .
“ It could , I 'm afraid , still turn into a tragedy . There is a glimmer of hope but there is still an awful lot stacked up against the team , ” they say . “ So , at the minute , everyone is just focused on getting the job done before they give themselves a chance to reflect . ”
They add , “ I think there is a hope . The military is very practical . Essentially , you have to get these boys under the water breathing from something and you have got to manhandle them out of the cave ; or you have got to find another way to get them out — whether that 's by drilling a rescue shaft or something else . It feels as though all the resources that can be brought to bear on this problem are being brought to bear . So , because of the amount of resources , I believe there is hope , but it is a very difficult challenge . ”
AP/REX/Shutterstock
PONGMANAT TASIRI/EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock
The missing soccer players and their coach were found late Monday after rescue teams , including members of the U.S. military , had been searching the flooded cave for the team since June 23 , Chiang Rai Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn said , according to the Associated Press .
Friends and family members told the AP that the teammates often went on adventures with the coach , Ekapol “ Aek ” Chanthawong , including entering caves , riding their bikes to Myanmar and swimming in waterfalls .
Before their 13-year-old son was found , Thinnakorn Boonpiam told the AP that they often worried about the boy , who would sometimes come home late after being with the team .
“ I have asked my son to leave the team several times , but they would n't , ” Boonpiam told the publication . “ I suppose they enjoy these activities . ”
In a Facebook post on Wednesday morning , the Thai Navy SEALS showed crews attempting to drain water from the cave .
“ Putting effort together in order to drain water out of the cave as fast as possible , ” they wrote . “ For the highest safety of the Wild Boar team on the day the leave the cave . ”
Lawmakers grilled former Equifax Inc. CEO Richard Smith on Tuesday after hackers attacked the company 's systems and got access to sensitive information for 145.5 million Americans .
U.S. companies and government agencies have disclosed 1,022 breaches this year , according to the Identity Theft Resource Center . Lawmakers from both parties said it 's time to enact tougher rules for data security .
Here are five ideas floated during the hearing :
Replacing Social Security numbers
Smith said that the U.S. should transition away from using Social Security numbers as the standard for identity verification .
“ The concept of a Social Security number in this environment being private and secure—I think it 's time as a country to think beyond that , ” Smith said .
The Trump administration also is exploring ways to replace the use of the federally issued numbers as the main method of confirming identities .
Bigger fines
Representative Joe Barton wondered if companies like Equifax might do a better job protecting customers ' data if there were federal fines for breaches .
“ You might pay a little bit more attention to security if you had to pay everybody whose account got hacked a couple thousand bucks , ” said Barton , a Texas Republican .
Equifax could theoretically be fined as much as $ 143 billion under a federal law that charged as much as $ 1,000 per violation .
DOWNEY ( CBSLA ) — A heartbroken Army veteran received good news Tuesday when they learned that their service dog , who had been stolen Saturday night in Downey , was found safe in Anaheim .
“ Marcee is home ! ! ! ! ! ! ” veteran Apolonio E. Munoz III wrote on their Facebook page Tuesday afternoon . “ I got a call not too long ago from Downey PD that they were found by someone in Anaheim , that they were seen in a local park . They asked me to come by the station and see if this was Marcee ; I get there and they were excited to see me . She 's now home safe in their bed , wo n't leave my side and the roommate 's dog is snuggled up with them giving them lots of attention and kisses . ”
On Sunday , the 34-year-old Iraq war veteran explained in a Facebook post that while at an Arco gas station in the 10800 block of Lakewood Boulevard , their red Honda Civic was stolen Saturday night and Marcee — their 10-year-old pit bull mix — was inside .
Munoz went on to explain that Marcee was in training to be a service dog in order to help them cope with post-traumatic stress disorder .
“ Thank you to everyone that helped bring them home , both Marcee and I are truly grateful to everyone for their help and support during this difficult time , ” Munoz wrote . “ Now that she 's home , life can start to normalize and hopefully soon my car will also be found . ”
While Munoz is relieved Marcee has been returned to them safely , their car — a red 2012 Honda Civic with California plate 7DAE374 — is still missing .
Anyone with information in the case was urged to contact Downey police at ( 562 ) 861-0771 .
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . City News Service contributed to this report. ) ted . Wire services contributed to this report . )
CLEVELAND ( AP ) —TOM WITHERS , AP Sports Writer—
Trevor Bauer made Aaron Judge look silly , and made their manager look like a genius .
One year after nearly costing the Indians a trip to the World Series , Bauer helped them take the first step back .
Named a surprise starter for Game 1 , Bauer chopped Judge and New York 's other big bats down to size , and Jay Bruce drove in three runs as Cleveland began chasing its first World Series title in 69 years with a 4-0 win over the Yankees on the Thursday night in the opener of the AL Division Series .
Bauer struck out Judge three times , twice getting the MVP candidate looking . They allowed just two hits in 6 2-3 innings before manager Terry Francona , who chose to start the right-hander over ace Corey Kluber , turned to baseball 's best bullpen , using Andrew Miller and closer Cody Allen to finish the three-hitter .
Allen came in with two on and two outs in the eighth to face Judge , who struck out for the fourth time and the rookie angrily snatched at their bat frustration . Allen then worked the ninth for a save .
Judge 's verdict on Bauer was unanimous in New York 's clubhouse .
“ He was mixing their pitches well , they were using the corners extremely well , ” they said . “ You 've got to tip your cap sometimes . We 've just got to pick ourselves up and get ready for tomorrow . ”
New York 's now got to face Kluber , an 18-game winner during the regular season . He 'll start Game 2 on Friday against CC Sabathia .
Bruce connected for a two-run homer in the fourth off Sonny Gray and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth as the Indians began a journey to try and end the majors ' longest Series title drought .
Eyebrows were raised when Francona picked Bauer instead of Kluber , and the eccentric right-hander , perhaps best known for slicing a pinkie open while repairing a drone during last year 's postseason and bleeding all over the mound in Toronto , delivered a performance that started October just right for the Indians .
“ The mindset was to go out there like a closer in the first inning and put up a scoreless inning at all costs , ” Bauer said . “ And then if I was still in the game , do it again in the second inning and the third and on until I was taken out of the game . So no-hitter , 10-hitter , or whatever , that was the mindset . I never really strayed from that . ”
Coming off their win over Minnesota in the wild-card game Tuesday , when Judge homered in their playoff debut , the Yankees came in with momentum .
Bauer stopped the Bronx Bombers cold .
They struck out eight and took a no-hitter into the sixth before Aaron Hicks doubled with one out . It was the longest no-hit bid by a Cleveland pitcher in the postseason , bettering Hall of Famers Bob Feller ( 1948 ) and Early Wynn ( 1954 ) , who both went four innings .
Bauer improved to 3-0 this season against the Yankees .
“ His curveball was really good , ” Yankees manager Joe Girardi said . “ It 's as good as we 've seen it , and he 's been pitching better . You look at their second half , and they had better command . We did n't get many free base runners , which we have in the past off of him , and they were really good . ”
Taking the mound to their usual thundering warm-up music , “ The Pursuit of Vikings , ” an intimidating song by Swedish metal band Amon Amarth , Bauer did n't mess around .
They struck out Judge in the first watching a curveball . Bauer , who is 11-1 in their last 14 starts , struck out Judge again in the fourth , but the All-Star reached on a wild pitch . Bauer , though , regrouped by getting Gary Sanchez to bounce into a double play before they 're freezing Didi Gregorius for their sixth strikeout .
Bauer got help from All-Star-second baseman-turned-center fielder Jason Kipnis , who made a diving catch to rob Chase Headley in the third . As Kipnis slowly got to their feet , Bauer raised both arms above their head , pumped their fist and screamed to salute their teammate .
Bruce gave the Indians a 3-0 lead in the fourth with a towering homer to right .
After Edwin Encarnacion walked , Gray came inside with a 0-1 fastball and Bruce got around on it . As their shot cut through the fall night , Judge appeared as if they might be able to make a play near the wall , but the 6-foot-7 slugger could only watch as Bruce 's shot sailed into the seats .
Bruce nearly caught Encarnacion on the bases , and as they finished a home-run trot that was more of a sprint , Cleveland 's fans hollered “ Bruuuuuuuce ” like a crowd at a Springsteen concert .
The Indians are 43-9 since Bruce arrived in an Aug. 9 trade from the New York Mets .
“ I 'm very , very fortunate to be here , ” Bruce said . “ I could n't have fallen into a better situation . Obviously , when you get traded and you 're in trade rumors , it 's usually a contender or a team that 's contending at the moment . For whatever reason , I ended up here . And this has been a blast so far . ”
Because of their personality and unorthodox training techniques , it took Bauer time to feel comfortable with their Cleveland teammates . But they 've grown to appreciate their quirky ways and the fact that he 's a gamer .
Bauer said Wednesday that they were “ miserable ” and depressed earlier this season , when they were struggling and unable to help .
“ It was like I was on the team but did n't feel like I was contributing , which is a terrible feeling for any competitor , ” they said . “ You want to be one of the main guys out there with your teammates and contributing . ”
He 's doing their part now .
KIPNIS ' KATCH
Kipnis was well aware that their move to center was questioned .
“ That 's all I 've been hearing is I should n't be playing center field , ” they said . “ Tonight was the first ball in the gap that I had to go and get , and it was a fun one . ”
Bauer appreciated Kipnis ' exceptional effort , calling it “ the biggest play of the game . I was pretty pumped up about that . ”
OVERWORKED
New York 's starters have gone only 3 2-3 innings , forcing the bullpen to log 13 1-3 innings already in the postseason .
“ Physically , they 're fine , ” Girardi said .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO , Calif. – Two cats with an unlikely bond finally have a home , thanks to the power of social media .
Ray is blind and was found in September on the streets . They are a lot more confident with their best friend , Bea , around . The cats do everything as a pair , they even lived in the same kennel at Sacramento 's Front Street Animal Shelter .
`` Really gives them a lot of confidence and reassurance that everything is OK , '' said Ryan Hinderman , who works at Front Street .
They have been waiting for three months for a home that would accept both of them . So , the shelter went to Facebook to find the perfect family for the two best friends .
Kaylee Grunau and their family showed up at the same time as a KTXL news crew .
Grunau had seen Front Street 's video and wanted to meet the cats in person . After months of searching and thousands of shares on social media , Ray and Bea found their match .
`` Just because a cat has a disability does n't mean that you ca n't at least check it out and see if it would be a good fit for your home , '' Grunau said .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) - Analysts , in their comments to Sputnik , have predicted that the tensions between Russia and the European Union will continue to escalate in the short and medium term , as the disagreements between the two parties stem not only from differences in interests but also from people 's values and perception of events .
Russian-Western relations deteriorated after the start of the Ukrainian crisis and Crimea 's decision to rejoin Russia as a result of the referendum in 2014 . The latter was not recognized by the West and the reunification resulted in anti-Russian sanctions , which have negatively impacted Russia 's economic and trade relations with its European partners .
READ MORE : FSB : Conf Cup 2017 Example of Successful Russia-EU Security Partnership
© AFP 2018 / GEORGES GOBET EU Unwilling to Follow US Calls for More Sanctions on Russia
The situation in Syria has also served as a constant factor worsening the relations between Russian and the European states , with Europe criticizing Russia for supporting Syrian President Bashar Assad , which contradicts the West 's stance . The conflict in Syria , which has been the bone of contention between Moscow and Brussels , has resulted in mutual distrust and a blame game . A further escalation of tensions in Syria took place in mid-April , when France , the United Kingdom and the United States carried out strikes on the country following reports about an alleged chemical attack in the Damascus suburb of Douma , which they believed was carried out by the Syrian government .
Most recently , Russian-European ties have soured over Moscow 's alleged involvement in the poisoning of Russian former intelligence officer Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia on UK soil . The United Kingdom has accused Moscow of orchestrating the attack with what UK experts claimed was a weapons-grade nerve agent A234 , allegedly linked to the Soviet-made Novichok group .
Russia , for its part , has strongly rejected the accusations and offered to assist in the investigation . However , Moscow 's request for samples of the chemical substance used to poison the Skripals was rejected . The allegations have resulted in a wide-scale diplomatic crisis , with London and more than 25 countries which supported its claims expelling over 150 Russian diplomats . In response , Moscow also announced that it would expel foreign diplomats .
EU-Russian Tensions to Continue
In the short run and , maybe , in the medium term , political and diplomatic tensions between the European Union and Russia would continue , Paolo Magri , the executive vice president and director of the Italian Institute for International Political Studies , said .
`` It 's tough , because it 's not a tension on interest… Our problems and tensions have more to do with values and interference , which both think the other is doing , '' Magri indicated .
Wolfgang Ischinger , the chairperson of the Munich Security Conference , in turn , suggested that the fundamental problem in EU-Russian relationship were perceptions and presentations of events .
`` I want to just briefly point to one fundamental problem which is , what I would like to call … the narratives gap… I am afraid to say that this narratives gap , the narrative that is popular here in Russia , on the one hand , and the narrative , if I may call it the NATO narrative , seems to be diverging even more , '' the diplomat stated .
Ischinger also mentioned a range of issues serving as points of disagreement between Russia and the European Union and widening this `` narratives gap . ''
`` Of course , the conflict in Syria , the unresolved situation in Donbas , the Skripal poisoning in England , the use of chemical weapons in Douma , and shooting down [ of ] airliners over the Ukrainian territory , these unresolved issues and cases , of course , have not helped , have served to aggravate the situation further , '' Ischinger pointed out .
Hope for Consensus Still Remains
Kimberly Marten , the Ann Whitney Olin professor of political science at Columbia University , noted that the search for common ground in bilateral relations was complicated by Russia 's reluctance to use multilateral mechanisms of dialogue .
`` Europe 's view of this is that Russia has chosen the path of being a rogue state that is not interested in participating in the kinds of international organizations that have been set up for many many years to try to deal with… issues on a more cooperative basis , '' Marten told Sputnik .
She , nevertheless , added that it was still possible to find examples of successful interaction between the two parties , citing the recent decision of the European Commission to conclude its antitrust investigation into Russia 's Gazprom .
READ MORE : Germany Shares Russia 's Concern Over Unreliability of US — Bundestag Official
`` I would like to remind us that just recently , just last week , there was a new agreement reached between Gazprom and the European Union that might point the way forward in the future because it was something that each side could take as a win , '' Marten argued .
On Thursday , the European Commission wrapped up a years-long antitrust probe into Gazprom , imposing legally binding obligations on the Russian company that were aimed at addressing the European Union 's competition concerns and ensuring the free flow of gas at competitive prices in Europe .
Views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the contributors and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik .
As far as Wikipedia is concerned , guitarist Stéphane Wrembel is best known as a composer and peformer of Gypsy Jazz . A New York Times writer went so far as to call Wrembel “ perhaps the most creative improviser in Gypsy jazz today . ”
But if you put the label “ Gypsy Jazz ” to Wrembel , their response suggests that he 's been at least a little misunderstood .
“ I do n't like this name Gypsy Jazz . I never use it . And especially not to describe my music ! ” Wrembel says .
“ My understanding is that Gypsy Jazz means a Django ( Reinhardt ) cover band . I see Django as a source , as a beginning , not as an end . So depending on the show , we stay closer to their songs , but we also very often play my compositions that have nothing to do with their compositions , although I 'm using the same technique on the guitar . We are definitely not what one calls a Gypsy Jazz band. ” Ottawa listeners will have a chance to judge for themselves when Wrembel and their band play the RBC Bluesfest on Sunday . They 're touring in support of The Django Experiment III , a 2018 release that follows Wrembel 's previous discs called , naturally , The Django Experiment I and The Django Experiment II .
Below , Wrembel , a 44-year-old who is from Fontainebleau , France — where Reinhardt lived in their later years — but who now lives in New Jersey , discusses why Reinhardt is the source of their music and why music is a “ transcendental experience . ”
Q : Tell me about your earliest interests in playing and listening to music .
A : My first musical memory is seeing Hotel California on TV , and being blown away by the drums . Then it 's the coming of The Wall by Pink Floyd . I was 5 and I will never forget it . My parents had a great sound system and they were organizing parties to listen to all the new records coming out back then…very '70s rock-oriented . The love for '70s rock has never left me .
Then I was also playing classical piano , so my ears were trained to perceive harmony and melodies a certain way . At age 15 I started guitar to play all that music from my childhood , Pink Floyd , the police , LED Zeppelin… .
Q : Why did the guitar eventually win out as your instrument of choice ?
A : Playing the guitar has always felt like a natural thing . It 's the sound , its role in the orchestra , the way it feels , the way the thinking process works , by geometrical shapes .
Q : How did you come to focus on the music and style of Django Reinhardt ?
A : There is no rational explanation for that . I just finally heard it live played by the gypsies and it clicked in my mind . Being from Fontainebleau I 've always heard Django , but at age 18 being an aspiring musician I heard it from a different angle . It blew my mind . It was a transcendental experience . Django is to the guitar what Bach is to the keyboard . A source .
Q : Tell me about how you 've arrived at your own personal approach to playing , beyond the influence of Django and others .
A : I accepted my nature , with the good things and the weak ones . I 'm not trying to play music to impress , or to be in an intellectual challenge . Accepting our own nature is the hardest thing I think . But once you find your centre then the whole thing becomes a transcendental experience .
I also read as much philosophical and esoteric material , from Plato to the Bible , from Rene Guenon to Greek mythology . This all goes into the music . Music is a celebration of life , of beauty , of harmony , of dance , of aesthetic , of brotherhood , of love .
Q : You 've had your music featured in two Woody Allen films . How did you come to their attention ? What impact or consequences has the Woody Allen connection had on your career ?
A : I played nine gigs a week all over New York for years , and that 's how I brought the attention on my band there . It was a very important thing to do . Play as much as possible without calculating . I said yes to every gig for years . That 's how they heard of me !
Now I know the love my music and has it in their roster . So they first asked me for a song for Vicky Cristina Barcelona ( Big Brother ) , then for Midnight in Paris ( Bistro Fada ) , then I was featured in one of the scenes of Magic in the Moonlight , but the scene was cut in editing ! I had a line , and I was playing a composition of mine .
I am very fortunate to be featured in their movies , to have my song Bistro Fada being part of the Grammy winner award for best soundtrack , to have been the guitarist and special guest to the academy awards 2012 .
Q : You 've lived in the U.S. for some years now . How have you found pursuing your career in North America ?
A : Great ! People love music , they are very enthusiastic , it 's really amazing .
Q : Do you miss Europe at all ?
A : I am from France so sometimes I miss France of course , my family , my friends , the environment of my childhood . But it 's six hours away by plane so it 's OK , it 's still there .
Q : How much are you affected by the current political turmoil in the U.S. ?
A : I do n't read the news , I do n't have any interest for politics , I do n't have judgements or opinions .
The Stéphane Wrembel Band Plays :
July 6 at FestiVoix de Trois-Rivières
July 7 at Festival International de Jazz de Montréal
July 8 at 5 p.m. on the City Stage at RBC Ottawa Bluesfest
phum @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/peterhum
ottawacitizen.com/jazzblog
Market Overview :
The emerging market opportunities for instant noodles appear to be conducive for the acceptance of convenience food in Europe and Asia Pacific region . Increasing new product launch by the key players are considered to be one of the major factors for the rising growth of instant noodles over the last couple of years . The increasing consumption of instant noodles is driven by this desire to create more leisure time which means that consumers like to maximize their free time along with their disposable income and spend more time doing the things they value more . Consumers look for convenience food as they are easily available , and possess nutritional value due to fortification , variety and product appeal . Due to changing lifestyles , consumers are spending less time planning and cooking meals at home as they consider preparing food at home as a chore and is time and energy consuming . The instant noodles are considered convenient as there is no need to put in efforts in cooking & chopping vegetables , these factor will support the growth of this market .
Also , the manufacturers have introduced packs in different sizes , right from single noodle packs of 50-75 gm . to value eight noodle packs . Further , to increase the category 's penetration , brands like Maggi and Wai Wai have extended product offerings in an even smaller pack size , priced at INR 5 .
A vital development in the market was the extension from pouch noodles to cup noodles that are ready-to-eat , on adding hot water , unlike pouch noodles that require to be cooked . The driving factor here is that convenience ( the need for an on-the-go meal ) is gaining in prominence in consumers ' lives owing to the rise in a younger working population and a migrant population , the increasing population of double income households with more working women , etc
Receive a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1841
Latest Industry Updates :
May 2017 Nestle S.A. launched iron fortified Maggi noodles , so as to curb iron deficiency
May 2017 Nestle S.A. launched Arabic-inspired products ‘ by year end '
May 2017 Nestle S.A. launched new flavored Maggi in India . Nestlé India has brought the much-needed innovation in the noodle portfolio to offer its discerning consumers an opportunity to taste various popular Indian cuisines and flavours via their favourite MAGGI noodles
May 2016 ITC Limited launched Sunfeast Yippe noodles in whole wheat variant , so as to increase product line
May 2016 Ajinomoto Co. , Inc. entered into a joint venture with Toyo Suisan Kaish and launched two new products under the brand A & M
Major Key Players :
Key manufacturers are focusing to enhance its brand name by arranging various promotional activities . The company has participated in various social media promotions , events and interaction with the consumers . The manufacturers have demonstrated their new product offerings in order to attract the new customers . By this strategy the product of the company will be popular among the consumers which will aid to increase the overall profitability of the company .
Moreover , the key players are emphasizing in the research & development process in order to introduce new product also to extend the product line . Key players are introducing new instant noodles in different flavored to increase the volume sales and also to increase the overall revenue of the company .
In addition , manufacturers focus on effective packaging design as it has noticeable impact on consumers ' shopping behavior . Packaging plays a significant role in product marketing for any business that makes or sells products and act as selling point for many consumers by delivering a sense of quality and reflect the product 's brand image .
The key players profiled in Instant Noodles are as Nestle SA ( Switzerland ) , Ajinomoto Co. , Inc. ( Japan ) , The Unilever Group ( Pot Noodles ) ( U.K. ) , Campbell Soup Company ( U.S. ) , Nissin Foods Co. , Ltd ( Hong Kong ) , Capital Foods Limited ( India ) , ITC Limited ( India )
Market Segments :
Global Instant Noodles market has been divided into packaging type , broth , source and Region
On the Basis of packaging type : Packets , cups
On the Basis of broth : Seafood , vegetable , chicken and others
On the Basis of source : Wheat , rice , oats and others
On the Basis of Region : North America , Europe , Asia Pacific and Rest of the World
Access Report Details @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/instant-noodles-market-1841
Regional Analysis :
The global Instant Noodles market is segmented into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific and Rest of the World . Among all the region , Asia Pacific region is estimated to retain its dominance throughout the forecast period . The foodservice industry plays a massive role in the increasing growth of instant noodles in the Asia Pacific region . Organized food service industry use majorly instant noodles , frozen noodles , and others as the key raw material for preparing food for end customers . Europe is also one of the attractive destination among the instant noodles manufacturers . The demand for instant noodles is increasing owing to increasing demand of convenience food . Also , the major players are promoting their products extensively which in turn accelerates the sales of instant noodles in the European countries .
Airport Authority Donates Rescue Aircraft To Gulf Shores
On behalf of the Airport Authority , Chairman Vic Roberts recently presented the City of Gulf Shores with keys and ownership of a dry chemical and foam first response ARFF unit for airport use . The vehicle satisfies the requirements necessary to meet commercial air service standards . Scott Fuller , Airport Manager , stated “ The City of Gulf Shores Fire Department does a remarkable job providing equipment and trained personnel for airport emergency situations . However , to accommodate commercial air charter service we have had to borrow or lease a dry chemical unit to allow for this type of operation. ” Fuller further stated , “ by purchasing this unit we eliminate an ongoing challenge in dealing with non-scheduled air charters . ”
City of Gulf Shores Fire Chief Hartly Brokenshaw gratefully accepted this important firefighting apparatus . “ Receiving the ARFF vehicle was crucial to the safety and support services we provide at Jack Edwards National
State schools could benefit from the same freedom to run their affairs as independent schools enjoy , says Loretto School Headmaster , Dr Graham Hawley .
The Headmaster of one of Scotland 's leading independent schools has claimed years of government interference in the state education system has left teachers feeling they “ ca n't be trusted . ”
Dr Graham Hawley says the aim of their school is to `` put the child right at the heart of education '' .
Dr Graham Hawley , Headmaster of Loretto School in Musselburgh , a coeducational boarding and day school , said no other profession comes under similar state interference and scrutiny , leaving highly skilled professionals with the impression that the state does n't trust them to do their jobs .
They argued that the government should shift focus from becoming involved in day to day education affairs , and instead set its sights on the robustness of the national exam system .
They said : “ It 's rare to go more than two or three years without some sort of changes imposed by the state , whether it 's to the exam system or the curriculum .
“ I think education is arguably more impacted from politicians than other areas of life .
Loretto School is the country 's oldest boarding school
“ The outcome is a sense that teachers or the teaching profession is perhaps not trusted to the same extent by state and government as other professions . ”
Dr Hawley , who runs the 600 pupil independent school , said controversial new proposals to hand state school head teachers more power to run their own affairs echoed the highly successful independent school model , and could give new freedom to focus on the needs of pupils .
Last month Scottish Education Secretary John Swinney unveiled their plans to give head teachers control of their schools ' management and staffing structure , budgets and curriculum .
The proposed changes echo the tried and tested independent school system , where head teachers work with boards of governance to run their school in a way that responds directly to their pupils ' needs .
However while greater autonomy for state schools has been broadly welcomed , there have been concerns among some that the new system would propel senior school staff into the firing line , making them personally responsible for turning the tide of Scotland 's ailing education system and deflecting criticism for poor exam results from the Scottish government .
Dr Hawley 's comments came as the International Council of Education Advisers ( ICEA ) warned the Scottish Government against “ becoming too focussed on changing the structure of the education system when , arguably , the more important aspects are the culture and capacity within the system . ”
Dr Hawley added : “ Our aim at Loretto School is to put the child right at the heart of education . For that to work well there has to be a good relationship between the school and parents , with the child in the middle .
“ It seems to me that if you add an additional body to that – politicians , the state , government - you lose touch with the child . The school and parents see the child day to day and understand what their needs are . ”
Last year Loretto School ranked in the top five schools in Scotland for A Level results , and is in the top seven per cent of schools nationally for its value-added scores .
While their school operates under the English exam system of A Levels and GCSEs , Dr Hawley said colleagues working in the Scottish system feel the government 's efforts should focus on the SQA and ensuring examination marking is more robust .
“ That 's something the state should play a role in , ” they added , “ but day to day curriculum and the hiring of staff should be within control of head teachers .
“ As a profession there 's a feeling that there 's greater input , interference and constant change that other professionals do n't experience .
“ A natural consequence is a sense that government does n't feel that teachers and head teachers can just get on with the job of teaching , and they are restricted to a large extent by frequent government initiatives , red tape and bureaucracy that draws resources away from business . ”
Loretto School in Musselburgh , East Lothian is one of Scotland 's oldest independent schools . School open mornings will be held on Saturday , September 16 for the Junior School , and Saturday , September 30 for the Senior School . Visit www.loretto.com for details .
Palisadian Stuart Kaiser was honored during an October 25 gala at the South Park Center in downtown Los Angeles for their support for the Optimist Youth Homes . More than $ 158,000 was raised to benefit education and treatment programs for at-risk children .
Founded in 1906 , the youth homes have become one of the region 's largest education and treatment centers for juvenile offenders and at-risk children . These homes ( and a charter school ) give many teenagers a fresh start and a second chance , while keeping them out of the penal system .
Kaiser , who is active with the Pacific Palisades Optimist Club and the Optimist Foundation , received the Mentor Award . The award is given to an individual who serves as a role model for the youth served at the Optimist Home in Highland Park ( Eight other locations are in Los Angeles County including Pacific Lodge Youth Services in Woodland Hills ) .
Spokesperson Andy Coscarelli said Kaiser was selected because of their consistent and generous financial support of the nonprofit organization . “ He has repeatedly inspired others to do the same through matching grants and leading by example , ” Coscarelli said .
At the November meetings , members donated $ 11,550 for items at the Youth Home . “ Through the guidance of dedicated Youth
MONDAY , March 19 , 2018 ( HealthDay News ) -- If you worry about catching a nasty infection when you fly , a new study suggests your risk boils down to exactly how close you are to that sick passenger .
A row in front , a row in back , a couple of seats to the side , and your chances of getting sick jump , researchers report .
`` Passengers should not , however , worry about getting sick from somebody coughing five rows behind , '' said lead researcher Vicki Stover Hertzberg , director of Emory University 's Center for Data Science , in Atlanta .
In the study , funded by the airplane manufacturer Boeing , Hertzberg and their colleagues looked at the chances of an infectious passenger transmitting an illness to an uninfected person through large respiratory droplets within about a radius of a yard .
`` Our particular model assumed an extraordinarily high infection rate , '' they said . `` We quadrupled the rate of infection observed in a plane that sat on a tarmac without any air circulation for nearly five hours -- a worst-case scenario . ''
This model indicated that passengers at highest risk are those seated within a row of the sick passenger , or a seat or two to the side . These folks faced an 80 percent increased risk of catching whatever made the original passenger sick .
But , `` the risk to passengers seated outside of this perimeter was very low , '' under 3 percent , Hertzberg said .
`` Our model does not take into account the risk of transmission via [ vomiting ] , '' they added .
The researchers added that a sick crew member could infect close to five passengers per flight .
In addition to the tarmac scenario , the investigators took five round-trip cross-country flights . Four of the flights were taken during flu season .
`` We took environmental samples on all flights and tested them for 18 common respiratory infections , '' Hertzberg said . `` All the samples were negative . ''
One infectious diseases expert said the findings should reassure fliers .
`` This study tells us something we knew , which is that air filters on planes are about 95 percent effective , '' said Dr. Marc Siegel . He 's a professor of medicine at NYU Langone Medical Center in New York City .
`` You wo n't get sick simply by being in the airplane , '' they said .
To stay healthy while flying , Hertzberg said , you should wash your hands often and keep them away from your face .
`` If you are a sick passenger , observe cough-sneeze etiquette -- cough or sneeze downward , into the crook of your elbow . As a courtesy to neighboring passengers , turn your air on , '' they said .
In addition , Siegel recommends keeping hydrated , because dry nasal passages are ripe for infection .
Another health expert , Dr. Sunil Sood , chairperson of pediatrics at Northwell Health Southside Hospital in Bay Shore , N.Y. , recommends carrying a face mask with you .
`` I like to take a mask with me , and if my neighbor is coughing , I try to wear the mask , '' they said .
The report was published online March 19 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
More information
For more about illness and air travel , visit the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
SOURCES : Vicki Stover Hertzberg , Ph.D. , professor and director , Center for Data Science , Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing , Emory University , Atlanta ; Sunil Sood , M.D. , chairperson , pediatrics , Northwell Health Southside Hospital , Bay Shore , N.Y. ; Marc Siegel , M.D. , professor , medicine , NYU Langone Medical Center , New York City ; March 19 , 2018 , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , online Copyright © 2018 HealthDay . All rights reserved .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
In addition to Purism working on their GNOME-based interface with their PureOS GNU/Linux on their upcoming Librem 5 smartphone as well as supporting KDE Plasma Mobile as another option , they will also be supporting the UBPorts community Ubuntu Touch work on this privacy-minded Linux smartphone.Purism is announcing this morning that UBPorts ' Ubuntu Touch will be an option for the Librem 5 smartphone built off the i.MX8 platform and with these phones still expected to begin shipping next year.It will be interesting to see how far along UBPorts Ubuntu Touch is by this time next year considering they are still running on a dated 15.04 base and trying to transition to Ubuntu 16.04 The news release about this collaboration between UBPorts and Purism can be found now on their blog
Organization Mankind Pharma Type of Position Analytical Research No . of Posts 10 Last Date 9.1.17 Education Requirement MSc Life Science Experience Requirement 2-7 Years Description…
WA 's first micro-lot housing project was recently launched in Ellenbrook in a bid to help tackle housing affordability in Western Australia .
The project is a collaboration between residential homebuilder Now Living and the developers of Ellenbrook – the Department of Communities and an LWP Property Group syndicate .
The industry launch comes after the WA State Planning Commission ( WAPC ) released a draft position statement on micro lots as part of the State Government 's push to tackle housing affordability and the provision of a range of housing options for the WA public .
Micro lots are green-title lots sized between 80sqm and 100sqm . As part of the position statement , WAPC provided approval for the release of smaller-sized lots in Ellenbrook , similar to other successful developments in South Australia and Queensland .
Now Living Executive General Manager Troy Gorton said in order to deliver an innovation of this calibre , a strong partnership between the developer and builder , backed by government support , was essential .
“ The level of research and development completed by all parties involved in the project was paramount to achieving its outcomes , ” they said .
“ The streetscape aesthetic and the functional design to maximise space were critical considerations in order for our product to be a success .
“ Contribution from the built form perspective starts from the initial planning and regulatory stages . Now Living is proud to be part of a first for WA ; a project where industry is leading by example and innovating in order to solve housing diversity and other challenges . ”
LWP Property Group Managing Director Danny Murphy said the team began investigating alternative housing options for green-title lots five years ago with the goal of providing new housing options with a lower land cost for homeowners .
“ Now Living 's innovative designs are perfect for this development , ” they said .
“ Ellenbrook overall has been a very successful development to date , with growing demand for smaller lot sizes , and we are honoured to be launching this innovative new product to industry with them as our partners today . ”
The first release to consumers will be available in late May , with display homes opening at that time to demonstrate the exceptional use of space and design features such as private balconies and indoor-outdoor living areas .
A range of designs offer choice , with more than 100sqm of living across two-bedroom , two-bathroom and twobedroom , one-bathroom layouts , and multi-purpose rooms and front garages .
The homes will start at $ 299,000 , located across from a park and in walking distance to the amenities of the Ellenbrook town centre .
Interested buyers may register their interest via Now Living website .
Portraits of Thailand 's King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun and the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej are displayed at a department store in central Bangkok , Thailand , January 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Thailand 's Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha speaks during an announcement on the junta 's two year accomplishments at Government House in Bangkok , Thailand , September 15 , 2016 . REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha/File Photo
BANGKOK Thailand 's king signed a new constitution in a ceremony on Thursday , an essential step towards holding an election that the military government has promised to restore democracy after a 2014 coup .
But there are still many steps before the general election can take place to end military rule .
Here are the steps and the maximum times prescribed for them in the constitution - although further delays for unforeseen reasons are not impossible .
* * The Constitution Drafting Committee ( CDC ) has to finish drafting 10 laws , four of which will determine the mechanics of the election . ( Up to 240 days allowed , potentially running until Dec. 2017 )
* * The National Legislative Assembly ( NLA ) , the country 's parliamentary body , considers the laws proposed by the Constitution Drafting Committee . ( Up to 60 days , potentially to Feb. 2018 )
* * The National Legislative Assembly submits the laws , with any proposed changes , to the Constitution Drafting Committee and the Constitutional Court . If there is any disagreement , a joint committee will be formed to consider the laws . ( Up to 30 days , potentially to March 2018 )
* * Prime Minister submits the laws to the king for their signature . ( Up to 90 days , potentially to June 2018 )
* * The laws enter into force and competition for the election can begin . ( Election must be held within 150 days , potentially as late as Nov 2018 ) .
( Reporting by Panarat Thepgumpanat ; Compiled by Patpicha Tanakasempipat ; Editing by Matthew Tostevin and Clarence Fernandez )
Please contact us at clientservices @ accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 ( Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m . ET . ) , to start a free trial , get pricing information , order a reprint , or post an article link on your website .
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page . Please log in below to access the content .
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password ?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user ,
login here .
Register
Please contact us at clientservices @ accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 ( Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m . ET . ) ,
to start a free trial , get pricing information , order a reprint , or post an article link on your website .
“ Works , currently causing significant traffic disruption on the Dublin Road in Dundalk , are to reinstate the cycle lanes damaged by pipe and cable laying ” Louth Councillor Anne Campbell has revealed to The Democrat today .
The Sinn Féin Councillor has been speaking to the contractors , GMC , as well as Irish Water , and has been told the cycle lanes are to be reinstated in the coming days .
Louth Cllr Anne Campbell
Councillor Campbell said , “ Hundreds of motorists , as well as residents , hospital patients and students going to DkIT , have been impacted by the traffic delays caused by roadworks currently taking place on the Dublin Road , from the College to Hill Street Bridge .
“ I have today ( Wednesday ) been speaking to the onsite contractors , GMC , who have informed me that the works are being done on behalf of Irish Water , who this winter , carried out a significant pipe laying project in the area .
“ As a condition to the council granting permission to lay the pipes , Irish Water promised to reinstate the well-used cycle lane . The works , which started this week , are part of that reinstatement .
“ The current phase of work , where a tarmac coursing is being laid , is expected to be completed by Friday evening , June 1st . However , I have to warn people that there will be a further few days of work , probably in the middle of June , to lay the anti-slip top on the cycle lane and then the white lines will also have to be put down . ”
The Sinn Féin councillor added , “ I understand how frustrating it has been for people on the Dublin Road in the last number of months , with seemingly endless roadworks , but I am happy that the cycle lanes are being reinstated by Irish Water and I would ask cyclists and drivers to bear with the contractors and allow some extra time for journeys until this important contract is completed . ”
© AFP 2016/ VASILY MAXIMOV French Republicans See No Threat From Socialists , National Front at Elections - Lawmaker
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — According to the National Front member , the current socialist government has weakened the maritime border security , so faster delivery of new vessels is needed , as well as the deployment of new drones and planes .
`` This situation is unbearable on an enormous territory of 11 million of square kilometers [ approximately 4.2 million square miles ] and filled with considerable resources : the number of breaches is growing , the drug trafficking is flourishing , and illegal immigration is speeding up . The sovereignty of France has to be reaffirmed urgently ! '' Philippot said in a statement .
Philippot also stressed the importance of increasing the country 's defense budget .
In December 2016 , Chief of Staff of the French Armed Forces Gen. Pierre de Villiers urged French government to increase military spending to the 2 percent of GDP , as required by NATO . French President Francois Hollande said later in December that France had the necessary resources to boost its military expenditure .
According to NATO July 2016 figures , France was spending 1.78 percent of its GDP on defense .
admin Site Admin
Join Date : Mar 2007 Location : New Orleans Posts : 10,108 Blog Entries : 2
Watch the Aug. 21 solar eclipse at the University of New Orleans Those looking to get the Total Eclipse experience next week will have to head to the `` eclipse belt '' north of New Orleans , but the city will see a partial eclipse of the sun next Monday , starting just before noon . According to NASA , the Aug. 21 eclipse is the first to sweep across the whole United States since 1918 , a spectacle that will take three hours ? and the last solar eclipse was in 1979 .
The University of New Orleans ( UNO ) is all set up to be your place for # Eclipse2017 , beginning at 10:30 a.m. with NASA 's livestream of the sight in the Privateer Pride Room. ? Those looking to get the Total Eclipse experience next week will have to head to the `` eclipse belt '' north of New Orleans , but the city will see a partial eclipse of the sun next Monday , starting just before noon . According to NASA , the Aug. 21 eclipse is the first to sweep across the whole United States since 1918 , a spectacle that will take three hours ? and the last solar eclipse was in 1979.The University of New Orleans ( UNO ) is all set up to be your place for # Eclipse2017 , beginning at 10:30 a.m. with NASA 's livestream of the sight in the Privateer Pride Room . ?
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Facebook has revealed for the first time just what , exactly , is banned on its service in a new Community Standards document released on Tuesday . It 's an updated version of the internal rules the company has used to determine what 's allowed and what is n't , down to granular details such as what , exactly , counts as a `` credible threat '' of violence . The previous public-facing version gave a broad-strokes outline of the rules , but the specifics were shrouded in secrecy for most of Facebook 's 2.2 billion users .
Not anymore . Here are just some examples of what the rules ban . Note : Facebook has not changed the actual rules - it has just made them public .
CREDIBLE VIOLENCE
Is there a real-world threat ? Facebook looks for `` credible statements of intent to commit violence against any person , groups of people , or place ( city or smaller ) . '' Is there a bounty or demand for payment ? The mention or an image of a specific weapon ? A target and at least two details such as location , method or timing ? A statement to commit violence against a vulnerable person or group such as `` heads-of-state , witnesses and confidential informants , activists , and journalists '' counts here too .
Also banned : instructions on `` on how to make or use weapons if the goal is to injure or kill people , '' unless there is `` clear context that the content is for an alternative purpose ( for example , shared as part of recreational self-defense activities , training by a country 's military , commercial video games , or news coverage ) . ''
HATE SPEECH
`` We define hate speech as a direct attack on people based on what we call protected characteristics - race , ethnicity , national origin , religious affiliation , sexual orientation , sex , gender , gender identity , and serious disability or disease . We also provide some protections for immigration status , '' Facebook says . As to what counts as a direct attack , the company says it 's any `` violent or dehumanizing speech , statements of inferiority , or calls for exclusion or segregation . ''
There are three tiers of severity , ranging from comparing a protected group to filth or disease to calls to `` exclude or segregate '' a person our group based on the protected characteristics . Facebook does note that it does `` allow criticism of immigration policies and arguments for restricting those policies . ''
GRAPHIC VIOLENCE
Images of violence against `` real people or animals '' with comments or captions that contain enjoyment of suffering , humiliation and remarks that speak positively of the violence or `` indicating the poster is sharing footage for sensational viewing pleasure '' are prohibited . The captions and context matter in this case because Facebook does allow such images in some cases where they are condemned , or shared as news or in a medical setting . Even then , though , the post must be limited so only adults can see them and Facebook adds a warning screen to the post .
CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION
`` We do not allow content that sexually exploits or endangers children . When we become aware of apparent child exploitation , we report it to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children ( NCMEC ) , in compliance with applicable law . We know that sometimes people share nude images of their own children with good intentions ; however , we generally remove these images because of the potential for abuse by others and to help avoid the possibility of other people reusing or misappropriating the images , '' Facebook says . Then , it lists at least 12 specific instances of children in a sexual context , saying the ban includes , but is not limited to these examples . This includes `` uncovered female nipples for children older than toddler-age . ''
ADULT NUDITY AND SEXUAL ACTIVITY
`` We understand that nudity can be shared for a variety of reasons , including as a form of protest , to raise awareness about a cause , or for educational or medical reasons . Where such intent is clear , we make allowances for the content . For example , while we restrict some images of female breasts that include the nipple , we allow other images , including those depicting acts of protest , women actively engaged in breast-feeding , and photos of post-mastectomy scarring , '' Facebook says . That said , the company says it `` defaults '' to removing sexual imagery to prevent the sharing of non-consensual or underage content . The restrictions apply to images of real people as well as digitally created content , although art - such as drawings , paintings or sculptures - is an exception .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Footage has emerged of an early hours bust-up in Gloucester city centre .
Three figures are shown lying on the ground in the video , which was shot outside the H2O nightclub in Eastgate Street at around 3am on Sunday .
Several people quickly run to the scene to break up the altercation , including a police officer .
One man is seen kicking out at another , as well as being involved in a grapple , before being led away by the officer .
A man is also captured incongruously cycling through the scene as the disorder plays out .
A witness said : `` I was in bed and all of a sudden heard a girl screaming .
`` I thought it was just rowdy partygoers , but when I looked out the window I saw a few people on the floor with fists and feet flying all over .
`` It 's a typical night in Gloucester . ''
They added that bouncers from nearby bars Butlers and Fever helped police resolve the incident .
Gloucestershire police said they were unable to find a record of the fight on their log .
Researchers have uncovered more than 60,000 structures , including pyramids , palaces and causeways through the power of ground-penetrating laser technology .
The breakthrough laser technology , dubbed LiDAR ( light detection and ranging ) , was used to map 2,100 square kilometers of the Maya Biosphere Reserve in the Peten region of Guatemala and revealed a huge interconnected network of ancient cities with their own highways and complex irrigation and terracing systems . The discovery was made possible by the researchers removing the tree canopy from aerial images of the landscape .
“ The LiDAR images make it clear that this entire region was a settlement system whose scale and population density had been grossly underestimated , ” said Thomas Garrison , an Ithaca College archaeologist and National Geographic Explorer who took part in the project .
© AP Photo/ Canuto & Auld-Thomas/PACUNAM This digital 3D image provided by Guatemala 's Mayan Heritage and Nature Foundation , PACUNAM , shows a depiction of the Mayan archaeological site at Tikal in Guatemala created using LiDAR aerial mapping technology . Researchers announced Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 , that using a high-tech aerial mapping technique they have found tens of thousands of previously undetected Mayan houses , buildings , defense works and roads in the dense jungle of Guatemala 's Peten region , suggesting that millions more people lived there than previously thought
The groundbreaking discovery has changed everything researchers have ever known about Mayan civilization , proving that it was extremely advanced with a population estimated at 10-15 million .
“ This was a civilization that was literally moving mountains , ” co-researcher Marcello Canuto said . “ We 've had this western conceit that complex civilizations ca n't flourish in the tropics , that the tropics are where civilizations go to die . But with the new LiDAR-based evidence from Central America and [ Cambodia 's ] Angkor Wat , we now have to consider that complex societies may have formed in the tropics and made their way outward from there . ”
Furthermore , the scientists found defensive walls , fortresses and terraces that showed warfare was “ large-scale and systematic , and endured over many years , ” as well as determined that the greatest Mayan city ever known , Tikal , turned out to be up to four times larger than previously known .
The researchers also suggested that the Mayan royal dynasty known as the Snake Kings ruled over an area stretching from Mexico and Belize to Guatemala , having conquered Tikal in 562 .
READ MORE : Australian Kangaroo Forgets to Pump Their Brakes , Crashes Into Cyclist
The three-year project is expected to eventually map more than 14,000 square kilometers of Guatemala .
Authorities in Bermuda say a 19-year-old St. Joe 's University first-year student , visiting the island as part of a school rugby tour , is missing .
× Crews Battling Blaze at a Storefront in Monroe County
STROUDSBURG — Crews are working to put out a blaze at a storefront in Monroe County .
The fire sparked around 10:30 p.m. Saturday evening along Main Street in Stroudsburg .
No word on what started that fire in Monroe County .
This is a developing story . Please check back for updates .
Photo Courtesy of Monroe County Firewire
If you 've ever felt like the kids are running you ragged ... there 's a scientific explanation for that !
TORONTO — Relatives of murdered seniors , along with advocacy and health-care groups , are among four dozen applicants seeking to participate in a public inquiry sparked by a nurse who killed eight elderly long-term-care residents in Ontario .
Commissioner Eileen Gillese will hear their requests for standing — a status that gives them the right to call and question witnesses — in St. Thomas , Ont. , on Tuesday and Wednesday .
The Ontario government set up the Long-Term Care Homes Public Inquiry in August after Elizabeth Wettlaufer was convicted of eight counts of first degree-murder , four counts of attempted murder and two counts of aggravated assault . Wettlaufer had pleaded guilty in June and was sentenced to life in prison with no eligibility for parole for 25 years .
The 50-year-old injected their victims with insulin while they were in their care at three Ontario long-term care facilities and a private home between 2007 and 2016 .
Alex Van Kralingen , a Toronto-based lawyer , who represents the `` affected parties '' group — five relatives or close friends of Wettlaufer 's victims — said their clients are obviously looking for answers as to how Wettlaufer got away with what they did for so long . But there 's much more , they said .
`` Ultimately , the hope is that this is going to be a springboard into a conversation about how we treat long-term care in this province , '' Van Kralingen said in an interview Monday .
`` It can be an opportunity to be transformational ... and could be the jump-start for political actors to start making changes to make sure that vulnerable seniors , who have given a lot to this country , are not placed in a situation where they should be scared about the quality of the care they get and the people who are taking care of them . ''
Some of the families , Van Kralingen said , also wonder about tightening access to potentially lethal drugs such as insulin that can be used to hide an intent to harm .
In addition to submitted written materials , applicants will have a few minutes to explain why they believe they should be allowed to participate — either because they have a substantial and direct interest in the proceedings , or because they have information or insights that would help the inquiry .
They will also , if needed , have a chance to make a pitch to have the government fund their participation .
FILE - In this March 12 , 2018 file photo , a helicopter is hoisted by crane from the East River onto a barge in New York after a Sunday night crash . The crash is prompting regulators to temporarily ground â€œdoors offâ€� flights using tight restraints that could trap people in an emergency . The Federal Aviation Administration ordered the ban on Friday amid concerns such harnesses prevented passengers from escaping . Five people were killed . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan , File )
FILE - In this March 12 , 2018 file photo , a helicopter is hoisted by crane from the East River onto a barge in New York after a Sunday night crash . The crash is prompting regulators to temporarily ground â€œdoors offâ€� flights using tight restraints that could trap people in an emergency . The Federal Aviation Administration ordered the ban on Friday amid concerns such harnesses prevented passengers from escaping . Five people were killed . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan , File )
NEW YORK ( AP ) - A deadly helicopter crash has prompted New York 's senators to call for an investigation into how the Federal Aviation Administration ever approved open-door helicopter sightseeing flights and tight harness systems .
Democratic U.S. Sens . Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand ( KEER'-sten JIHL'-uh-brand ) made the demand in a joint letter on Sunday to the Department of Transportation 's inspector general .
They say `` clearly something went remarkably wrong '' with the FAA 's approval process that allowed helicopters that fly with their doors open , often so passengers can take pictures , and use harnesses that ca n't be quickly released .
On Friday , the FAA temporarily grounded open-door flights and the use of tight seat restraints .
The ban came amid concerns such harnesses prevented passengers from escaping when their helicopter plunged into the East River last Sunday , killing five people .
Former Irmo assitant and current Chesterfield coach Chris Arnoult was named the new football coach at Mid-Carolina . Contributed Photo
The Kansas City Royals announced today that they have signed right-handed pitcher Justin Grimm to a one-year Major League contract for the 2018 season . Per club policy , terms of the deal were not disclosed . In a corresponding roster move , right-handed pitcher Sam Gaviglio has been designated for assignment .
Grimm , 29 , made 50 appearances for the Chicago Cubs last season , going 1-2 with a 5.53 ERA ( 34 ER in 55.1 IP ) with a 9.60 K/9 rate ( 59 K 's ) . It marked their fourth-straight season averaging better than one strikeout per inning . They posted a 0.73 ERA ( 1 ER in 12.1 IP ) in 13 appearances during the month of June , while they also allowed just one earned run over their final six outings of the season .
He 's spent the last four-plus seasons with the Chicago Cubs , after being traded from the Texas Rangers in a five-player deal during the 2013 season . Grimm was 11-12 with a 3.82 ERA ( 100 ER in 235.2 IP ) in 263 appearances with Chicago , which includes 43 holds . They posted a career-best 1.99 ERA ( 11 ER in 49.2 IP ) in 62 outings during the 2015 season , while ranking fifth among NL relievers with a 12.14 K/9 ratio ( 67 K ) .
Grimm was a member of the Cubs ' 2016 World Series championship club , making three appearances during the Fall Classic vs. Cleveland . They also made three scoreless appearances during the 2015 postseason , including two against the Mets in the National League Championship Series .
A native of Bristol , Tenn. , Grimm currently resides in Nashville , with their wife , Gia .
Following today 's move , the Royals have 47 active players in Major League camp , which does not include pitcher Jesse Hahn ( disabled list ) or outfielder Jorge Bonifacio ( suspended ) . The club also has 40 players on the Major League Reserve List with 28 of them active in big league camp .
MARSYVILLE , Wash. – As part of a week-long focus on the city of Marysville , Q13 News ' Brandi Kruse sat down with Mayor Jon Nehring , Police Chief Rick Smith , Marysville Fire District Chief Martin McFalls , and Marysville School District Acting Superintendent Jason Thompson .
The group discussed the area 's rapid growth , public safety , the opioid crisis , and the national debate surrounding school safety .
Public safety
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Opioid crisis
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
School shooting
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
School safety
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Rapid growth
Dr. Karunesh Kumar H.S , Senior Consultant – Internal Medicine at Sarjapur Road , Columbia Asia Hospital
Bangalore , 28 June 2018 : ‘ An apple a day keeps the doctor away ' is one saying we live by . Is n't it ? And surely a bright red apple would be appealing to our eyes and inadvertently we would buy it , thinking that it is healthy . Now what if you come to know that this apple comes with its own baggage that makes it anything but healthy ? Shocked ? Well , not so much . We are not unaware that different additives are incorporated in fruits and vegetables to help the ripening process like calcium carbide or to slow it down with auxins ; not to mention how pesticides and insecticides have become inevitable parts of the farmers ' lives . But the function of the additives does not end here . Additives also act as artificial colourants which give the apple its characteristic bright red look , the carrot its radiant orange and the broccoli its fresh green !
The luscious pink of the litchis or the bright yellow zucchinis might inveigle your taste buds and eyes , but beneath the ‘ freshness ' lies the real menace- a nocuous concoction of chemicals , the consumption of which in long term might prove to be lethal . Rhoda mine oxide , copper sulphate , malachite green , eritrozin B and the hazardous carbides are few of the most commonly used chemical substances used to render colour and freshness to the fruits and vegetables .
The lush green of chillies , cucumbers and peas are owing to the generous use of malachite green , used in the textile industry , a well-known carcinogen . Other green vegetables such as bottle gourd , ridged gourd , bitter gourd , beans , lady 's fingers and drumsticks are given a treatment in copper sulphate solution , also known as blue vitriol . Copper sulphate is one of the basic components of fungicides in farming and its consumption is deleterious to the liver and kidneys as it aids in the creation of free radicals in the body which proliferates the ageing process . Again another lethal carcinogen and also a major constituent of agricultural pesticides , rhodamine B , imparts the bright red hue to strawberries , cherries , sweet potatoes and apples . This chemical is a skin irritant and may cause infections . Another chemical eritrozin B is also used rampantly on fruits and vegetables to retain their ‘ freshness ' .
Also sellers often use calcium carbide , which is mostly used in steel plants , on fruits mangoes and bananas to artificially ripen them . Carbides , apart from being carcinogenic since it contains both arsenic and phosphorus , are neurotoxic ( detrimental to the brain ) in nature . Carbides produce acetylene gas which can cause various neurological ailments like cerebral oedema , seizures , prolonged hypoxia , Alzheimer 's and dementia .
To further worsen things , the sellers also rub petroleum oil on vegetables like tomatoes , chillies , apples and aubergines to give them the shiny ‘ farm-fresh ' look ! Petroleum , also a carcinogen , is toxic to human body and causes various respiratory and gastrointestinal problems .
Again the left over vegetables at the end of the day , are sprayed to make them ‘ farm fresh ' . At first , silicone spray is applied to slow down the ripening process . After which the fruits and vegetables are dumped in blue vitriol solution to maintain the shine and the vibrant green tone .
But the sinister does n't end here . The farmers use hormones to accelerate the growth rate of fruits and vegetables ! They inject hormones like Oxytocin on crops to accelerate their growth rate exponentially ; the use of these hormones is strictly prohibited on plants , and are only allowed to be used on animals .
Globalization of agriculture has greatly jeopardised the daily bread of both the farmers and vendors , which , along with global warming resulting to erratic climate changes make farming a risky affair . Steep competition at both home and the world compels some farmers and vendors to take drastic actions to stay in business .
Today to say that the consumption of fresh fruits and vegetables is healthy would be incongruous since the unscrupulous use of chemical substances nullifies their nutritional benefits .
Though thorough cleansing of the fruits and vegetables with water before peeling or cutting is recommended in order to eliminate the chemicals , this is not an infallible method because washing fails to flush out the chemicals that have already infiltrated inside . Besides , there are water insoluble additives such as petroleum , where washing fails to aid .
The panacea to this predicament lies in honest agricultural practices . The authorities should see to it that the standards are maintained by the farmers and vendors . People should be made more aware of the nuisance that adulterated fruits and vegetables cause . When it comes to agricultural produces , colour is directly proportional to nutritional benefits , the reason artificial colours have such a gargantuan role to play in today 's world ! We inadvertently go for fruits and veggies which look ‘ farm fresh ' . Farmers and vendors capitalize on this weakness of ours to adulterate the fruits and vegetables which should otherwise have been nutritious and thus beneficial for our health , with dyes which not only drains them of the nutrients but also makes them toxic… !
MOUNT BETHEL , Pa. ( AP ) - A musician whose songs helped teach children on ABC 's `` Schoolhouse Rock '' has died .
Their son , Chris , says 94-year-old Bob Dorough died of natural causes Monday at their home in Mount Bethel , Pennsylvania .
According to their biography , the jazz musician `` set the multiplication tables to music '' as musical director for the educational cartoon series between 1973 and 1985 . It was revived from 1993 to 1999 .
They also wrote the song `` Devil May Care , '' which jazz great Miles Davis recorded as an instrumental version .
Dorough was born in Arkansas and raised in Texas . They headed to New York City after graduating from the University of North Texas in 1949 . They eventually settled in Pennsylvania .
A funeral is tentatively scheduled for Monday in Mount Bethel .
The Liberal Party faces a potential wipeout in Perth , with new polling suggesting Labor is within striking distance of winning a once-safe Liberal seat for the first time in more than a decade .
Internal Labor Party polling this month shows the ALP and the coalition neck-and-neck on a two-party preferred basis in the northern suburbs seat of Stirling — a swing to the Opposition of 6 per cent .
If that swing were replicated across the State , the Liberals would be reduced to just five of 16 seats in WA , with Cabinet ministers Michael Keenan , Christian Porter , Ken Wyatt and backbenchers Andrew Hastie and Steve Irons at risk .
The survey , by robo-call pollsters Community Engagement , quizzed 1735 voters in Stirling . It found 35.9 per cent of those surveyed would vote for the Liberals , a drop for Mr Keenan 's primary vote on the last election of almost 15 percentage points .
The survey shows Labor 's primary vote in Stirling up slightly at 33.5 per cent .
The polling shows 8 per cent of respondents in the seat were likely to vote for the Greens and 4.7 per cent would vote for One Nation .
Just over 7 per cent said they would vote for “ another party ” and 10.8 per cent of respondents is unsure who they would support .
Labor has increased its lead in the latest Newspoll but Bill Shorten still trails Malcolm Turnbull as preferred PM . The West Australian Video Labor has increased its lead in the latest Newspoll but Bill Shorten still trails Malcolm Turnbull as preferred PM .
Mr Keenan won Stirling at the 2004 election when John Howard was prime minister and held it in 2007 even as the rest of the country swung its support behind Kevin Rudd 's Labor .
Before 2004 , Stirling had been a swing seat , changing hands between the major parties . Labor has nomin-ated anti-asbestos campaigner Melita Markey in Stirling at the next Federal poll .
Liberal State director Sam Calabrese agreed the race in Stirling would be tight .
“ Without giving undue credit to the poll in question , there is no doubt that the next Federal election will be close , ” they said .
“ There will be a very clear choice between Michael Keenan who has a strong track record of delivering for the people of Stirling and the Labor candidate who wants to increase taxes and weaken our borders . ”
The survey comes as the WA Liberals face a backlash from grassroots members over the decision not to run a candidate in the Federal seat of Perth in a by-election in July .
Another WA Liberal seized on the poll as evidence the party was right not to field a candidate in Perth .
“ We were definitely not going to get this mythical swing to us in Perth , ” the Liberal said .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLIFFORD TOWNSHIP -- A fire that damaged a mobile home in Susquehanna County is considered suspicious , according to state police .
The fire started around 3:30 a.m. Monday on White Drive outside Forest City and spread to another trailer .
No one was living in the home where the fire started .
A state police fire marshal is investigating .
ARNB distributes dividends for First Half of 2018 ( TASI ) Date : 02 Jul 2018 Arab National Bank distributes SAR 0.65 cash dividends per share for First Half of 2018 . Distribution is scheduled on July 19 , 2018 .
For most teams , the numbers would warrant erecting a statue outside the stadium they helped fund and that will happen Saturday . Of course , Manning did more than win on the field : They helped this basketball-crazed state and a city known far and wide for the Indianapolis 500 embrace football .
`` Inside the stadium in those early days , it was hit or miss whether or not the other team was going to have as many fans as you did , '' said former deputy mayor Steve Campbell , a longtime season-ticket holder who starts a new job with the Colts on Monday . `` Two , maybe three years in , inside the stadium , outside the stadium at tailgate areas , that was the moment I think the Colts truly became solidified as Indianapolis ' team and not just the team that came from Baltimore . They were not only an ambassador for the team and the NFL , they were an ambassador for the city . ''
It was n't a coincidence .
The Louisiana-born kid who grew up a fan of their dad 's team , the New Orleans Saints , and played four seasons of college football at Tennessee felt so at home in the small market of Indianapolis that they warned Polian if they did n't draft them No . 1 overall in 1998 , he 'd kick the Colts ' butts for 15 years .
Manning 's football talent was obvious . Polian 's research also indicated they would be an even bigger hit in the community .
Winning and winning big came in time . Manning made an even bigger impact with casual or non-football fans with what they did outside the team complex .
They started the Peyback Foundation to help underprivileged children and left town with their name on a children 's hospital . They made Indianapolis a chic destination for celebrities and their memorabilia . They hosted high school football games at Lucas Oil Stadium and left handwritten notes for people they wanted to thank or who simply needed a pickup .
It was n't an act , and it paid dividends in ways Manning may still not completely understand ..
`` When Peyton was drafted , they would n't accept losing , '' Greenwood High School assistant coach Dom Battinau said . `` You see these kids now who are winning because of Peyton . You see the metropolitan Indianapolis area was ranked third in high school football talent last year and I think the interest was created from him , from their excitement on the field , their leadership , the way they carried themselves and the fact they did it the right way . I think kids kind of take a look at what 's cool and what 's in , and to see this guy winning at a high level and doing it the right way , it was a draw . ''
And something everyone turned into some semblance of currency .
When team owner Jim Irsay asked city and state leaders to help build a new stadium to keep the Colts competitive , Irsay and Polian did the heavy politicking . Their trump card , though , always was Manning .
`` I still think we would have pursued it because it was the right thing to do for the city , '' Campbell said before contemplating what would have happened without Manning . `` Our strategy probably would have been a lot different . But I think having an ambassador like Peyton was just what we needed , and I have no idea how it would have turned out without him . ''
Manning was released by the Colts in March 2012 and signed with Denver where they continued breaking records for four more years .
But they were never far from the hearts of Indy fans . When they returned to Lucas Oil Stadium for the first time in October 2013 , the Marino jerseys had been replaced by a sea of No . 18s — some in blue , some in orange , some in both and Manning received a standing ovation before the game started .
Almost 20 years after first joining the Colts , Manning remains one of the rarest athletes of their generation — a transformational figure Polian compared to the likes of Mickey Mantle , Willie Mays , Duke Snider and Frank Gifford .
`` They became transcendent athletes , they become identified far more with the community than the team . I 'm not sure we 've had anyone in Indianapolis who was that way before , '' Polian said . `` He ( Manning ) wanted to be not only Indy 's quarterback but one of its most productive and giving citizens . It 's ironic with all the records they set , first ballot Hall of Famer and two Super Bowl championships , the Peyback Foundation , the children 's hospital and the revitalization of high school football in Indianapolis are far more important . ''
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Michael Marot , The Associated Press
CHICAGO -- In people with type 2 diabetes , nonalcoholic fatty liver disease ( NAFLD ) is common and can progress to a severe liver disease known as nonalcoholic steatohepatitis ( NASH ) . Now a study has found that empagliflozin , a newer treatment for type 2 diabetes , reduces liver fat in patients with NAFLD and diabetes . Results of the randomized controlled study , called the E-LIFT Trial , will be presented Monday at the Endocrine Society 's 100th annual meeting in Chicago , Ill. , during a late-breaking abstracts session .
Diabetes medications in the same class as empagliflozin have decreased liver fat in rodents with a buildup of fat in the liver , but in humans the effect of empagliflozin on liver fat has not been previously reported , said the study 's senior investigator , Ambrish Mithal , M.D. , chair of the Division of Endocrinology and Diabetes at Medanta The Medicity Hospital , Gurugram , India .
`` Despite the fact that NASH may progress to cirrhosis of the liver and liver cancer , there are no approved medications for treating NASH or NAFLD , and agents like metformin , pioglitazone and vitamin E have had limited success in reducing liver fat , '' Mithal said . `` Our results suggest that empagliflozin may help in treating NAFLD . ''
The study , funded by the Endocrine and Diabetes Foundation India in New Delhi , included 50 patients who were 40 years or older and had type 2 diabetes and NAFLD . The patients were randomly assigned to receive empagliflozin ( 10 milligrams per day ) plus their standard medical treatment for type 2 diabetes , such as metformin and/or insulin , or to receive only their standard treatment without empagliflozin ( control group ) . All patients were aware of their group assignment .
At the beginning of the study and 20 weeks later , the patients had blood tests of their liver enzyme levels , which are typically elevated in NAFLD . They also underwent measurement of their liver fat using a new , robust technique called magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) -derived proton density fat fraction .
After 20 weeks of treatment , the liver fat of patients receiving empagliflozin decreased from an average of 16.2 to 11.3 percent , whereas the control group had only a decrease from 16.4 to 15.6 percent , a statistically significant difference between groups , the researchers reported .
`` While our findings do not prove that empagliflozin will help treat NAFLD or prevent NASH , the initial results are promising and open up the possibility that empagliflozin may provide additional benefits for patients with diabetes , '' Mithal said .
Approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 2014 for adults with type 2 diabetes , empagliflozin is in a drug class called sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 , or SGLT-2 , inhibitors . Empagliflozin primarily acts by increasing glucose excretion through the urine , thereby reducing blood glucose levels and body weight , research studies show .
# # #
Endocrinologists are at the core of solving the most pressing health problems of our time , from diabetes and obesity to infertility , bone health , and hormone-related cancers . The Endocrine Society is the world 's oldest and largest organization of scientists devoted to hormone research and physicians who care for people with hormone-related conditions .
While traditional Personal Financial Management capabilities such as budgets and savings tools initially attract customer interest , engagement often drops off after the first few interactions . But there is a way to keep digital banking customers engaged and interested – and it involves leveraging artificial intelligence to deliver specific , personalized insights to help customers take control of their financial health . Join us to find out how .
In this complimentary webinar , we 'll cover :
∙ Recent research from Aite Group that reveals which consumers want financial wellness tools and how much they 're willing to pay for them
∙ How to drive financial health with artificial intelligence and enable consumers to be truly proactive about their finances
∙ What consumers think about virtual financial wellness coaches and how many consumers would be willing to switch banks for this service
∙ Our new AI FinCheck® app and how it scores customers in the areas of spending , borrowing , saving and planning
∙ How to make the shift from personal financial management ( PFM ) tools to personal financial wellness ( PFW ) experiences
Do n't miss this complimentary webinar on artificial intelligence and financial wellness .
Register
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Sales of new US homes jumped 4 percent in March , propelled by a surge of buying in the West .
An upgraded Jetty Road is a step closer to reality with detailed designs of the $ 10.9 million works completed as part of the Transforming Bunbury 's Waterfront project .
Stage two of the multi-million dollar project will see the Casuarina Harbour causeway upgraded with replacement of the road , parking bays , footpaths and landscaping .
The work will pave the way for stage three which includes extra boat pens at the harbour .
The State Government is now calling on tenders to deliver the work .
The project will be delivered in two phases with the first expected to see about 24,000 tonnes of rock placed for essential improvements to the structure of the causeway from early August .
Camera Icon Detailed designs for the Jetty Road causeway have been completed as part of the Transforming Bunbury 's Waterfront project .
The second phase of work is expected to start in early 2019 .
Bunbury MLA Don Punch said the project was important for the city 's future growth and economic development .
“ This is an important project for Bunbury 's future growth and economic development , so I am really pleased to see work on stage two of TBW getting under way , ” Mr Punch said .
“ Bunbury has been crying out for improved marine infrastructure for decades and this project is the beginning of addressing that need .
“ The oversight of the Bunbury Development Committee will ensure the work at the waterfront meets community expectations and leverage 's new opportunities for our community . ”
Photo : Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning ( Dec. 10 ) , the Hollywood Foreign Press Association ( HFPA ) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards . A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event , which will honor 2017 's best in film and television .
Related : Snoop Dogg , Carrie Underwood , Mary J. Blige , Ice-T , Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound . In addition to a Best Song nomination for “ Mighty River , ” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress . The singer 's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year .
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “ The Star , ” their contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name . “ This Is Me ” from The Greatest Showman , “ Remember Me ” from Coco and “ Home ” from Ferdinand round out the category . “ Home ” was performed by Nick Jonas .
Radiohead 's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score , for Phantom Thread composition .
Director Guillermo del Toro 's The Shape of the Water led this year 's Globe nominations with seven . Steven Spielberg 's Watergate drama The Post earned six , along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri .
The Jacksonville Jaguars announced the signing of former Dallas Cowboys linebacker Andrew Gachkar Sunday , and waived/injured Justin Horton to make room for the transaction .
We have signed seventh-year LB Andrew Gachkar . To make room on the roster , we waived/injured undrafted rookie OLB Justin Horton . pic.twitter.com/i3RapCEVpx — Jacksonville Jaguars ( @ Jaguars ) August 13 , 2017
Gachkar , 28 , was initially drafted out of Missouri University by the San Diego in the seventh-round ( No . 234 overall ) of the 2011 NFL Draft . He 's appeared in 95 total games and started in nine over the course of their six-year career . After spending the first four years of their career with the Chargers , Gachkar signed with the Cowboys in 2015 where they would spend two seasons .
Horton , on the other hand , signed with the Jaguars in 2017 as an undrafted free-agent from nearby Jacksonville University . If they go unclaimed on waivers Monday , Horton will be placed on the Jags ' reserve/injured list afterward .
According to the Jags official site , Gachkar will wear No . 54 . He 'll join notables Audie Cole , Josh McNary and Blair Brown as a linebacker reserve and special teams contributor .
Arkansas-based Acxiom to sell marketing unit to Interpublic
CONWAY , Ark . ( AP ) — Arkansas-based Acxiom Corp. has agreed to sell its data management and marketing unit to the Interpublic Group of New York for $ 2.3 billion .
The cash deal for Acxiom Marketing Solutions was announced Monday . The companies , in a statement , said the acquisition should close by the end of this year .
Acxiom is a data services company based in Conway , Arkansas . The marketing unit has about 2,100 employees .
Interpublic , according to its website , is a global advertising and marketing firm with more than 50,000 workers .
March 29 Secureworks Corp :
* Secureworks reports fiscal 2017 fourth quarter and full year results
* Q4 non-GAAP loss per share $ 0.02
* Q4 loss per share $ 0.09
* Q4 earnings per share view $ -0.06 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2018 non-GAAP loss per share $ 0.18 to $ 0.22
* Sees Q1 non-GAAP loss per share $ 0.05 to $ 0.06
* Sees FY 2018 loss per share $ 0.52 to $ 0.56
* Sees Q1 loss per share $ 0.14 to $ 0.15
* Sees Q1 revenue $ 110 million to $ 111 million
* Sees FY 2018 revenue $ 457 million to $ 463 million
* Q4 revenue $ 119.2 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 116.7 million
* Secureworks Corp sees fy 2018 capital expenditures to be approximately $ 18 to $ 20 million
* Secureworks Corp sees Q1 2018 revenue , both GAAP and non-GAAP , to be in range of $ 110 to $ 111 million
* Secureworks Corp sees monthly recurring revenue to be in range of $ 34.4 to $ 36.4 million at end of Q4 of fiscal 2018
* Secureworks Corp - monthly recurring revenue to be in range of $ 34.4 to $ 36.4 million at end of Q4 of fiscal 2018
* FY2018 earnings per share view $ -0.13 , revenue view $ 490.5 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.06 , revenue view $ 115.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
EXPLAINED : Jose Mourinho explains their decision to drop Paul Pogba for Man United 's game against Huddersfield - https : //t.co/tygo1c2K6S pic.twitter.com/OlHyA32Obw
Posted by admin on February 2 , 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
A Red Flag Warning is in effect for the vast majority of Kansas , as a strong trough of low pressure sweeps across the Plains at mid-morning . Behind it we will have low humidity and strong , gusty winds from the NW . This will create extreme fire danger conditions .
RED FLAG WARNING IN EFFECT
TOPEKA FORECAST
Today : Becoming cloudy and breezy , with a high at 58 . NW Winds up to 45 miles per hour late today .
Tonight : Clearing , windy and cold , with a low at 28 .
Tomorrow : Sunny , with a high at 45 .
Wednesday : Sunny , with a high at 58 .
REGIONAL FORECAST
Today : Sunny , with a high at 59 . Windy , with a north northwest wind 10 to 20 mph increasing to 21 to 31 mph in the afternoon . Winds could gust as high as 38 mph .
Tonight : Mostly clear , with a low at 27 .
Tomorrow : Sunny , with a high at 51 .
Wednesday : Sunny , with a high at 59 .
A A
Some Medicare benefits will be lost if the Affordable Care Act , aka Obamacare , is repealed .
Many voters may not realize that the ACA now provides Medicare patients with free preventive services such as flu shots , cancer screenings and diabetes testing . It has also been slowly closing the gap in coverage for prescription drugs . Between 2010 and 2015 , according to AARP , this has saved Medicare beneficiaries $ 20.8 billion .
Seniors struggle to absorb rising costs on fixed incomes . The loss of these ACA benefits will hurt . Republican lawmakers are working to defund these benefits and are on the way to accomplishing repeal . In spite of a promise to replace it with something “ better , ” they have no replacement bill . Instead they are using thin talking points , such as savings accounts , to deflect concern . Since they have promised that Medicare itself will be next on the chopping block , it is unrealistic to simply hope for the best .
If you feel the ACA should not be repealed , especially without a replacement bill ready for a vote , then let your legislators know now .
PARIS ( AP ) - Sloane Stephens has dropped only six games in their first two matches at the French Open .
Those victories have impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe , who now believes the reigning U.S. Open champion can claim a second Grand Slam title at Roland Garros .
Sloane Stephens of the U.S. returns a shot against Poland 's Magdalena Frech during their second round match of the French Open tennis tournament at the Roland Garros stadium in Paris , France , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Christophe Ena )
`` Just FYI . Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament , '' McEnroe tweeted after Stephens dispatched qualifier Magdalena Frech 6-2 , 6-2 in just over an hour on Wednesday .
The 10th-seeded American player , who never got past the fourth round in their six previous appearances at the tournament , is more cautious . They missed the tournament last year and went through a stretch of poor results after winning at Flushing Meadows . They know getting carried away would be a big mistake .
`` That 's so sweet , that was nice of him , '' Stephens said about McEnroe 's tweet . `` I mean , I ca n't predict the future , I do n't know . I would love to . We 'll see next Saturday . ''
There is a very long way to go for Stephens , who has yet to meet top contenders in Paris . They will face a more serious test in the third round against Camila Giorgi of Italy , who has lost only eight games in the first two matches .
Giorgi has beaten Stephens twice in their three meetings , including a 6-3 , 6-0 rout in Sidney this year on hard court . Stephens does not give too much importance to that result , though , as it came during their post-U.S. Open struggles following a knee injury .
`` I was coming out of an injury and tried to get my season started , '' they said .
After winning in New York , Stephens did not win a match for the rest of the season . They were beaten in the first round at the Australian Open in January and struggled with their tennis until March when they won the title in Miami .
So for now in Paris , Stephens is just happy to `` feel good . ''
As for McEnroe 's prediction , just wait and see .
___
More AP tennis coverage : https : //www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
BAGRAM AIR BASE , Afghanistan ( AP ) - The top U.S. military officer visited Afghanistan on Monday to evaluate the military campaign and ensure new American advisory teams and an upgraded Afghan Air Force are on target as the next fighting season with the Taliban looms .
Gen. Joseph Dunford , chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said they want to understand the goals for the coming months so the U.S.-led coalition can develop ways to measure progress in the fight .
Dunford told reporters traveling with them that they seek `` a discussion about measures of effectiveness . '' A key question , Dunford said , is how the U.S. will know that it 's where it needs to be in implementing what is , in actuality , the Afghans ' plan .
The idea of benchmarks for progress in the Afghan war has been simmering for several months as the Pentagon looks to end America 's longest war . Measuring success will be a key part of White House discussions this summer when President Donald Trump looks for a one-year assessment of their new regional strategy . Last August , a reluctant Trump had to be persuaded to inject new U.S. troops to the conflict , which is now in its 17th year .
`` The intent really is to get my own assessment of what we can expect over the next couple months , '' said Dunford , who commanded U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan from February 2013 to August 2014 . They said a major focus will be ensuring Gen. John Nicholson , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , has the resources they need .
Dunford 's visit comes on the heels of a two-day stop in Afghanistan last week by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis amid talk of a renewed push to get Taliban fighters to the peace table with the Afghan government . The increased U.S. military campaign is seen as part of that effort . It includes hundreds of additional Army trainers and advisers who will work with Afghan troops closer to the fight , with the goal of turning the corner on what has been a stubborn stalemate with the Taliban and other insurgent groups .
About five weeks ago , the Army 's new training brigade deployed to Afghanistan with about 1,000 soldiers . It included close to 600 trainers and advisers and hundreds of security forces and other support personnel . The so-called Security Force Assistance Brigade is part of the broad new strategy that has pushed the Afghan conflict back to the top of the Pentagon 's warfighting priority list .
In addition to troops , the U.S. has also sent more intelligence and surveillance aircraft , A-10 attack planes , and combat search and rescue aircraft to the fight . Many of those resources have been shifted from Iraq and Syria , where the battle against Islamic State group militants is waning . The U.S. also is providing more fighter aircraft and other support to the Afghan Air Force while increasing the number of American forces on the ground to more than 14,000 .
The growth in the Afghan Air Force has long been a goal but has come along slowly . Dunford said they want to hear from U.S. and Afghan leaders that the introduction of the aircraft and the needed maintenance and other support is on the right path .
Last month , Air Force Maj. Gen. James Hecker , the commander of coalition air forces in Afghanistan , said the Afghans are now conducting more airstrike missions than the Americans .
Dunford was last in Afghanistan in December before the additional troops and aircraft arrived .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Penzoil is on a roll these days with its library of short action videos , and Dodge seems to be the manufacturer of choice for landing the leading roles . We last saw this kind of four-wheeled fun four months ago with Penzoil 's opposite-lock farewell tribute to the Viper , barreling through the streets of Miami in a daytime sprint . This time around the setting is a gritty Pittsburgh night , and while the car in question is known for be a drag strip monster , there 's still plenty of sideways action to be had with an 840 horsepower Dodge Challenger SRT Demon .
That 's especially true when the person behind the wheel is drifting and rallycross star Rhys Millen .
The video is appropriately called Exorcising the Demon , and though it starts off at a church there is no plot you actually need to be concerned about . The production crew worked with the city to block off numerous streets for filming , and the rest is pretty much what you 'd expect to see from an unleashed 840-horsepower Dodge Challenger faced with the prospect of turning . In other words , it 's awesome fun .
Since the Demon was revealed , pretty much all attention has been focused on the car 's straight-line acceleration and nifty dragstrip features . Even our Demon first drive was nearly all quarter-mile focused , with only the last two paragraphs talking about the relative on-road comfort afforded by the softer spring rates versus the Hellcat . For a vast majority of folks out there , this video will actually be the first look at what a Demon can do when turning is involved .
Granted , Millen 's take on the subject is probably a tad skewed from the rest of us . They do , after all , execute a neat 360-degree spin amidst all the wonderfully balanced oversteer . Perhaps the most intriguing part , however , comes right at the end with the German-esque “ text message ” asking if the driver is any good in the ring . Could there be a Demon gracing the Green Hell in the near future ?
We 'll just have to keep watching , which is exactly what Penzoil wants us to do .
Source : Penzoil
The events leading to Michael Flynn 's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week , with constant new updates about what they said , to whom and when . But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer . Here 's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser , less than one month into the Trump administration .
June through November , 2016
Early in the summer , the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee . Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump , as well as internal emails and chats .
In late July , WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers . Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC Chair .
Donald Trump , meanwhile , eggs the Russians on .
`` Russia , if you 're listening , I hope you 're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing , '' they say .
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months , saying in a debate that China or `` somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds '' could have been behind the breaches . Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it 's `` confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails , '' Trump dismisses concerns about the breach .
`` You ever notice anything that goes wrong , they blame Russia ? 'Russia did it . ' They have no idea , '' they say in a speech .
Nov. 8 , 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election .
Nov. 18 , 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be their national security adviser . Flynn , it is later reported , had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election .
Dec. 9 , 2016
Then-President Obama orders a `` full review '' of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections , going back to 2008 .
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election .
The Trump transition office issues a statement :
`` These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , '' the statement says . `` The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history . [ Note : This is incorrect . ] It 's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again . ' ``
Dec. 12 , 2016
Trump tweets : `` Unless you catch 'hackers ' in the act , it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking . Why was n't this brought up before election ? ''
Dec. 15 , 2016
Trump tweets , `` If Russia , or some other entity , was hacking , why did the White House wait so long to act ? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost ? ''
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking , but they also `` had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening . ''
President Obama tells NPR 's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia , one way or another , in response to that country 's attempts to influence the U.S. election .
`` I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections , that we need to take action , '' they say . `` And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing . Some of it may be explicit and publicized ; some of it may not be . ''
They added , `` But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this , because I spoke to them directly about it . ''
Dec. 25 , 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays ( per remarks later made by Sean Spicer , on Jan. 13 , 2017 ) .
Dec. 29 , 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia 's Federal Security Service , the FSB ; the country 's main foreign intelligence agency , known as the GRU ; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU .
In addition , the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were `` used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes . ''
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Ambassador Kislyak regarding sanctions took place ( this story would break on Jan. 12 , 2017 ) . According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9 , two officials `` said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama , making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president . ''
Jan. 6 , 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election , and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee .
`` Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump 's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting them unfavorably to him , '' the report says . The authors added that `` Russia 's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process . ''
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report 's contents . Afterward , they release a statement lumping Russia in with China and `` other countries '' and insisting that the hacking had `` absolutely no effect '' on the election 's outcome :
`` While Russia , China , other countries , outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions , businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee , there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines . ''
However , as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier , it 's impossible to know the impact : `` Certainly the intelligence community ca n't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made . There is no way for us to gauge that . ''
Jan. 10 , 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee ( and Alabama Sen. ) Jeff Sessions says in their confirmation hearing that they `` has no reason to doubt '' the report 's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack .
Jan. 11 , 2017
In their confirmation hearing , then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that they think it 's `` a fair assumption '' that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election . They also add that the intelligence report on Russian hacking `` clearly is troubling . ''
Jan. 12 , 2017
The Washington Post 's David Ignatius reports that `` a senior U.S. government official , Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29 , '' the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats .
Jan. 13 , 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak , but that the conversation was on Dec. 28 , and that it was n't about sanctions .
They said that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th , asking if they could give Flynn a call . Kislyak then called that day , and according to Spicer , `` the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after they were sworn in , and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call . That was it , plain and simple . ''
This later proved to be untrue .
Jan. 15 , 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss `` whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications , '' as the Washington Post has reported .
Later that day , on CBS 's Face the Nation , Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions .
`` What I can confirm , having spoken to them about it , is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions , '' Pence said .
Upon further questioning from Dickerson , Pence added , `` I do n't believe there were more conversations , '' as well as , `` I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion . ''
After the Pence interview , the Post reports , the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was `` more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call , contrary to public statements . ''
Jan. 19 , 2017
According to the Washington Post , Acting Attorney General Sally Yates , DNI James Clapper , and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications .
Jan. 26 , 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak , as Spicer reported at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing .
Feb. 8 , 2017
In an interview , Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak , according to the Washington Post .
Feb. 9 , 2017
A Flynn spokesperson says that the retired lieutenant general `` indicated that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions , they could n't be certain that the topic never came up , '' according to the Post .
This is also the day Vice President Pence `` became aware of the incomplete information he 'd received ... based on media accounts , '' according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter , who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14 .
Feb. 13 , 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn `` does enjoy the full confidence of the president . ''
Later in the day , press secretary Sean Spicer says that Trump is `` evaluating the situation '' regarding Flynn .
That night , Michael Flynn resigns as national security adviser . In a statement , they admit accidental wrongdoing :
`` Unfortunately , because of the fast pace of events , I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador . I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President , and they have accepted my apology . ''
The White House announces that retired Lt. General Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser .
Feb. 14 , 2017
Two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that Flynn did talk to Kislyak on Dec. 29 .
Sean Spicer says that 17 days prior , White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when they told Pence they had n't discussed sanctions with Kislyak , as reported by the New York Times .
At a press briefing , Spicer says of the resignation , `` We got to a point not based on a legal issue , but based on a trust issue , '' adding that Trump was `` concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others . ''
Politico reports that there 's still more to come on the Flynn story , according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence committee :
`` Rep. Adam Schiff ( D-Calif. ) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn 's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning , and more information will surface in the coming days , according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting . ''
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn 's contacts with Russian officials , and Sen. Roy Blunt , R-Mo. , a member of the intelligence committee says Flynn should meet with the committee `` very soon . ''
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom .
Video game streaming and eSport events are in focus of attention from investors , gaming fans , and hardware manufacturers for a while now .
Main drivers , steering this explosive growth , are media rights on coverage , advertising and sponsorships , each of those had a substantial YoY growth .
Market researchers cite eSports as a universal force and project industry is on track to generate $ 906 million within 2018 , with predicted profits reaching $ 1.18 billion by 2020 .
Esports quite realistically might overtake traditional sports in terms of viewership with over 380 million people expected to watch events throughout 2018 .
NewZoo , well known for its gaming insights , estimates that eSports enthusiasts will rocket by 20 % in 2018 .
Soar of Blockchain is actively overhauling the gaming industry as a whole . A number of blockchain projects are aiming to deliver solutions with a focus on gamers . While most of them are still “ work in progress ” , such as Ultra.io and Cryptohit , Play2Live , is clearly ahead of the pack already praised as a digital Mecca to hardcore video gamers .
The company recently accomplished first eSports tournament “ CryptoMasters ” . With the participation of 8 teams . The event was a huge success and it resonated across the cryptoworld , with major media outlets reporting on the news .
Original posting : https : //fedotov.co/blockchain-in-esport-and-gaming/
PRETORIA - Billionaire coal baron , Ramesh Joe Singh , has lost their bid to stop the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission ( CIPC ) investigating allegations that they hijacked a company which owns a multi-million golf estate in Emalahleni .
Lahleni Lakes Golf Estate , a 1,130ha development in Emalahleni , Mpumalanga , was sold off-plan to investors who could buy sectional title units on it . But after years there has been no construction . Even the golf course designed by Ernie Els has failed to take off - everything has been put on hold because of the court case .
On Monday , Judge Christelle Bassoon ruled against Singh saying the CIPC could intervene on behalf of business owners who claim their companies have been `` hijacked '' .
Singh had approached the high court in 2016 to interdict the CIPC from questioning them about claims by Johannesburg-based business person Ralston Smith , that they stole two of their companies Finishing Touch Trading 204 and Lahleni Lakes .
In their judgment , Justice Bassoon on Monday said CIPC has a statutory obligation to maintain `` accurate , up-to-date and relevant information concerning companies ” .
They said : “ CIPC is not time-barred from investigating the complaints in terms of Section 219 ( 1 ) of the Act in that the fraudulent removal of Smith as a director of Lahleni and Finishing Touch constitutes a continuing wrong ” .
In the court documents is an affidavit by a business consultant who acknowledges fraud in the takeover of the companies .
In their affidavit , Jan van Dyk said they “ had a copy of the signature of Mr. Smith that I got somewhere , and made a copy of it and cut it out , gummed it in place on a mandate for resignation which ( is ) an attachment on the CoR 39 form ” .
The CoR 39 is a standard CIPC notification form used for the notice of change of directors .
Van Dyk admits that they altered a similar form and emailed it to the CIPC to `` resign '' Smith as a director in Finishing Touch Trading 204 .
After the court ruling , Singh 's representative Peet Erasmus declined to comment on the court decision .
One of the complainants , Smith , said they welcome the court 's decision saying they are now looking forward to the CIPC investigation .
In recent times there has been a rise in complaints of company hijacking . It has been reported that over the years corrupt officials at CIPRO , acting with seeming impunity , have facilitated hundreds if not thousands of scams which have hit the South African Revenue Service , prominent companies , and smaller private businesses .
Singh is not new to controversy , Eskom is demanding R6.2 billion from them after their firm Just Coal supplied the power utility 's Tutuka Power Station with sub-optimal coal . The power utility was billed R5,8 billion for the poor quality coal , which put operations of Tutuka Power Station at risk .
Eskom has since cancelled the contract with Just Coal and has approached National Treasury “ to jointly agree on suitable alternative mechanisms to source coal . ”
In September last year , they stirred a national storm after they told the media that they had donated R500,000 to the ANC Youth League in return for a “ political solution ” to their mining company Just Coal 's contractual problems with Eskom .
It was unclear if Singh , who claims to be a pastor with spiritual powers which they say enabled them to raise their son from the dead after they drowned in Middleburg , will appeal the court ruling .
African News Agency/ANA
Robert Wagner , the actor and husband of the late actor Natalie Wood , has been dubbed a `` person of interest '' in their death . An investigator for the Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department made this claim in an interview scheduled to air on CBS 's `` 48 Hours '' on Saturday , February 3 , as part of a special titled `` Natalie Wood : Death and Dark Water . ''
Scroll for more content ...
The show will examine their death and the surrounding circumstances . While the show may very well make for good TV , viewers should be careful not to equate convincing television theories and speculation , with the evidence necessary for a successful prosecution .
It should be noted that a `` person of interest '' designation is merely the tag ascribed to an individual who is under investigation by police , and is being looked at very closely . It falls short of officially being named a `` suspect '' or an actual `` defendant '' , who is the person being directly accused of committing the crime .
Was it a shocking , unfortunate , and tragic accident ? Or was it something more sinister -- like murder ? That 's what investigators are endeavoring to determine some 37 years after the fact .
It was November 29 , 1981 , when the beautiful and talented actor , then 43 , went missing from their family yacht , The Splendour , off California 's Santa Catalina Island . Them body was found a short time later floating only a mile away in the Pacific . A spokesperson for the Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department issued a statement Thursday night that Wagner is now a `` person of interest '' because new witnesses have provided statements that `` portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night . ''
Rumors swirled at the time about how it happened , why it happened , and whether someone - other than Wood -- might be responsible for their demise . The focus immediately turned to their husband , then-51-year-old actor Robert Wagner , with whom they were married twice . The first marriage , in 1957 , lasted only five years - while their second marriage , which began in 1972 , appeared solid and loving , at least until their untimely death .
An investigation ensued but was closed only two weeks later , when the coroner , Thomas T. Noguchi , found that Wood slipped and subsequently drowned .
At the time they went missing , there were only three other people on the yacht -- their husband , Wagner ; fellow actor Christopher Walken ; and yacht captain Dennis Davern . All three were interviewed and told investigators what they knew . Though suspicion and speculation continued , there was no basis to conclude that Wood 's death was anything other than an accident .
Wagner initially gave their rendition of events to investigators when the incident occurred . They have denied any involvement in Wood 's death .
Fast forward 30 years to 2011 . The Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department reopened the investigation citing `` substantial new evidence . '' While investigators have not said what specific `` new evidence '' exists , it appears from the information publicly available that they are likely troubled by at least three factors : 1 ) the ever-evolving stories of the only witnesses ; 2 ) fresh bruises identified on the autopsy report on Wood 's body , arms , and left cheek , which could be consistent with an assault ; and 3 ) the silence of their former husband , Wagner -- who has refused to talk to investigators , and was the last person to see them alive . It 's hard to imagine , however , how any of these factors would substantially advance the case , or how any of this could be viewed as `` new evidence . ''
When the case was reopened in 2011 , Wagner 's publicist issued a statement saying that Wagner 's family trusted that the LA Sheriff 's Department would `` evaluate whether any new information relating to the death of Natalie Wood Wagner is valid , and that it comes from a credible source or sources other than those simply trying to profit from the 30-year anniversary of their tragic death . ''
To date , they have not arrested Wagner -- though Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Lt. John Corina told `` 48 Hours '' that `` I think he 's constantly changed their story a little bit . And their version of events just do n't add up . '' Investigators are also placing reliance on Davern , who admitted in 2011 in an interview on NBC 's `` Today Show '' that they lied during the initial investigation . Their new story has been that there was a fight on the boat that somehow resulted in Wood 's death . When asked why they were coming forward after , at the time , 30 years , they said `` I 've been trying to tell information about this for many , many years , but there was n't really anyone listening until now . ''
For those wondering how this case could potentially be prosecuted now , remember , there is no statute of limitations on murder -- the state can pursue a case at any time . But no matter how many years later such a case may be presented , the evidentiary rules remain the same : First , it would be necessary to prove the case `` beyond a reasonable doubt . '' That is , speculation , innuendo , and shifting hypotheses just wo n't do . Second , although the state never would have to prove motive , inquiring minds always want to know . A jury would wonder why a man who married a woman twice would want them dead . And if authorities have n't been able to answer that question for nearly 40 years , it 's unlikely a compelling reason will magically surface now .
Third , juries like to hear credible evidence . And while Davern changed their story 30 years later , during the 2011 investigation to point to nefarious conduct , they would open themselves up to a bevy of questions by skilled defense attorneys : `` Were you lying then , or are you lying now ? '' `` And by the way , how many times have you been interviewed in the last 30-plus years ? Do any of those stories match the one you 're deciding to reveal now ? ''
I ca n't imagine that the former captain 's answers to these questions would be too persuasive .
And as to Wagner , he 's simply not talking . There 's something called the Fifth Amendment that gives them the absolute right to remain silent -- lest they incriminate himself . While investigators might not like it , and even deem it suspicious , no jury will ever be permitted to infer that their silence equates with guilt . In fact , a judge will specially instruct the jury not to do so . So while investigators may be upset , and the public may look at Wagner cross-eyed , their silence is the most appropriate legal course of action to take and ca n't be used against him .
And finally , on the topic of evidence : How many other witnesses can the state produce , and what can they remember ? Evidence gets pretty stale after almost four decades . Besides , will any witness produced by the State in a potential prosecution be able to say they told that story before ? If not , why not and why now ?
All that said , I 'll be watching CBS on Saturday night , and taking note of the compelling theories pointing to Wagner 's alleged guilt . But I 'll also be mindful of the most pertinent fact that I can direct an audience to remember : Hollywood theories and courtroom convictions are about as far apart as the conflicting stories Davern told investigators in 1981 and in 2011 .
And so while this , and any murder , may be prosecuted at any time , I doubt this one will see a courtroom anytime soon . And in the unlikely event that it does , reasonable doubt will rule the day .
How many attacks are there on health care facilities in Syria ?
Dr. Rohini Haar , a public health researcher at the University of California , Berkeley , led a team that collected ground reports of attacks in 2016 in northern Syria , filed by civilians via cellphone text .
Haar wanted to find out if human rights organizations were missing anything in their reports . Sending outside investigators into a country , or monitoring news reports and social media , certainly has merit , they thought . `` But that does n't capture all the stuff that goes on day to day that people do n't realize is also a violation of international law , '' they say .
They were shocked by the relentlessness of the attacks .
The data , which appears Tuesday in the journal PLOS Medicine , shows a total of 200 health care-related attacks in the governorates of Aleppo , Idleb , Homs and Hama . Haar and their team focused on these provinces because they include large , historically rebel-held cities — Idleb and Aleppo — that had already sustained a lot of violence .
Over 2016 that averages out to more than one attack every other day , says Haar . In the attacks their team analyzed , 112 health-care staff and 185 patients died .
To compile the data , researchers partnered with the Syrian American Medical Society , which operates and funds many of the hospitals that have sustained attacks in northern Syria .
SAMS hired eight civilians to visit the scene of attacks once it was safe , interview survivors and witnesses and take photos . The information was sent back to SAMS offices in Gaziantep , Turkey , via text message or an app-based questionnaire . SAMS checked these details against other witnesses ' reports .
Haar and their team found that the majority of attacks occurred via aerial bombing , so it was difficult to identify a perpetrator . These attacks from above nearly always damaged structures . As a result of the attacks , eight clinics and hospitals were permanently closed ; 41 other health-care facilities closed temporarily .
Even when health facilities manage to survive these attacks , the threat to medical care remains , says Dr. Ahmad Albaik , a physician who works with SAMS to administer health care in Syria . Albaik is based in Gaziantep , Turkey .
Before Albaik worked on this study , they practiced medicine in Aleppo between 2013 and 2015 . They saw the effects of these attacks firsthand : Patients begin to fear hospitals because of the risk of bombing during treatment , they say , and doctors would leave areas where clinics sustain attacks . `` If they ca n't have a safe place to work to care for people 's lives , and they are a target as well , they will leave , '' they say .
A previous effort to identify the number of attacks in northern Syria , by Physicians for Human Rights , used information from press reports and social media to tally and verify 90 attacks on health facilities in 2016 .
PHR focuses strictly on attacks on health facilities and verifies incidents only after receiving two independent reports . With on-the-ground photos and reports from multiple witnesses , Haar 's team could verify more attacks and could also tally attacks on patients , health workers and ambulances .
Although the new data exceeds other estimates of attacks on health care in northern Syria in 2016 , Haar still thinks their results underestimate the total violence against medical facilities and workers . `` There 's probably a whole subset of incidents that everybody 's missing , '' Haar says . SAMS data collectors were much more likely to report attacks on large hospitals than smaller , rural clinics .
`` The fact that these numbers are no doubt a minimum is also shocking , '' says Susannah Sirkin , a senior adviser at Physicians for Human Rights .
Sirkin does not believe the health facilities are suffering collateral damage in general attacks . Because health facilities are often the largest buildings in rural areas of Syria and because hospitals have experienced repeated bombings , they believe they are being deliberately targeted — a violation of humanitarian law .
Haar agrees , noting that most hospitals in Syria no longer display the Red Cross or Red Crescent markings that brands them as medical facilities . `` They 've been removed because they 're creating a giant target , literally , '' they say . Unfortunately , they say , the GPS coordinates of larger hospitals and clinics are already known , so they 're still under threat .
Haar 's data shows that 33 hospitals sustained more than one attack in 2016 . Two hospitals in Aleppo city were attacked over 10 times . From such a barrage , Sirkin says , `` you can infer complete intent to destroy access to health care for the the sick . ''
According to reports , the Syrian government and Russia , its ally , have denied targeting health facilities .
The violence of the civil war does n't seem to be letting up . WHO has launched an effort to track attacks on health care facilities , personnel , and patients by combining data from nongovernmental organizations and U.N. agencies . So far , it counts 74 such attacks in Syria in 2018 .
`` There are no safe places , '' Albaik says .
Menaka Wilhelm is a freelance writer covering health and technology . She 's on Twitter : @ menakawilhelm .
Despite the howls from luxury sports car purists , four-cylinder turbos are here to stay .
Jaguar is the latest to the party with a four-cylinder option on its F-Type coupe and convertible .
The approach is n't revolutionary — Audi 's TT coupe and roadster have 2.0-litre turbos under their bonnets , as do Porsche 's Boxster and Cayman . Strict emissions rules in Europe have forced sports carmakers to look at smaller capacity engines .
But for Jaguar , downsizing represents an opportunity as well as a challenge .
The addition of a four-cylinder engine to its F-Type allows it to go head-to-head with Porsche and Audi at the “ cheaper ” end of the premium sports car market .
Camera Icon The four-cylinder F-Type provides a new entry point to the range . Pic : Supplied . Picture : Supplied
A starting price of $ 107,012 for the coupe lands it roughly halfway between the more expensive Cayman and cheaper TT . It 's also almost $ 15,000 cheaper than the V6 version of the F-Type .
The convertible will prove to be a harder sell , as it starts at an eye-watering $ 125,712 , with no extra equipment . By way of comparison , Audi charges roughly $ 500 more for a soft-top TT and Porsche about $ 2000 .
Jaguar boss Matthew Wiesner predicts the four-cylinder model will attract new buyers to the brand and could eventually make up half of F-Type sales . They say it will also give the brand a shot in the arm in a “ challenging ” luxury market .
Camera Icon The convertible is expensive compared to the coupe . Pic : Supplied . Picture : Supplied
“ I 'd rather be doing what we 're doing in a softening market than have nothing interesting and new to talk about , ” they say .
And the new four-cylinder model definitely falls into the new and interesting category .
The 221kW turbo is the most powerful four-cylinder the company has built and also puts out more power per litre than the V6 and V8 variants .
The numbers are line ball with the Cayman and the Jaguar has slightly more torque than the Porsche . It is heavier , though , and Jaguar 5.7-second for the sprint to 100km/h is a second slower than its German rival .
Camera Icon The four-cylinder is distinguished by a single tailpipe . Pic : Supplied . Picture : Supplied
The numbers stack up pretty well against the V6 F-Type though . It 's only four-tenths slower to 100km/h and the lower price tag also comes with cheaper fuel bills , as the four-cylinder is a claimed 16 per cent more fuel efficient .
The four-cylinder model is distinguished from the rest of the range by a single tailpipe and lightweight 18-inch wheels , while the entire range gets new bumpers , LED headlights , slimmer seats , improved infotainment system and new chrome and aluminium finishes in the cabin .
Autonomous emergency braking is now standard , as is lane departure warning , but lane-keep assist , blind-spot warning , rear cross traffic alert and a driver condition monitor are optional . Also optional is a reversing camera , which will set buyers back $ 1060 .
Our test vehicle had roughly $ 40,000 worth of options , including keyless entry for $ 1200 , premium paint for $ 5910 and a sound system for $ 7260 .
Camera Icon Jaguar charges big money for options . Pic : Supplied . Picture : Supplied
ON THE ROAD
Sports cars are all about stimulating the senses and the four-cylinder F-type does a pretty good job of engaging its driver .
While a four-cylinder turbo will never sound as sweet as a V8 — or even a six — in full flight , the exhaust makes all the right noises , especially with the roof down in the convertible . The bolstered , leather-lined seats and sports steering wheel add to the cabin ambience , while from the outside the curves are in all the right places for a sports coupe or convertible .
The four is 50 kilograms lighter than the six and that weight comes off the front end , which makes the car more eager to change direction . The accurate , well weighted steering adds to the entertainment factor and there 's plenty of grip for enthusiastic cornering .
Camera Icon Less weight over the nose improves cornering feel . Pic : Supplied . Picture : Supplied
The ride is firm and can be bumpy over pockmarked roads , but the car feels well tied down .
The engine is strong in the mid-range but there 's not the shove in the back you get from some turbocharged fours . There is a slight delay in power delivery off the mark and when kicking down a gear , while the traditional eight-speed automatic transmission is n't as quick-shifting as its rivals ' dual-clutch autos . However , it is smoother shifting and a better match for stop-and-go city driving .
VERDICT
Three and a half stars
The four-cylinder is never going to match the thrill of a V8 in full flight , but it does represent a more affordable entry into the Jaguar sports car family — as long as you do n't tick too many of those boxes .
DES MOINES , Iowa ( AP ) - If you bought a Powerball ticket in Pennsylvania for Saturday 's drawing , you may be holding a piece of paper worth $ 457 million .
Powerball officials say a single winning ticket was sold in Pennsylvania that matches all of the winning numbers : 22-57-59-60-66 and Powerball 7 . The jackpot from Saturday 's drawing is the eighth-largest ever for the Powerball game .
The specific location where the winning ticket was sold has not been announced .
Powerball is played in 44 states plus Washington , D.C. , Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands . The largest jackpot in Powerball history was $ 1.6 billion . Three winning tickets were sold in that Jan. 13 , 2016 , drawing .
In case you needed more proof that dogs are some of the most loyal , loving creatures on the planet , here you go .
Actor and filmmaker Easton Dufur used to have two yellow Labradors — Cookie and Stitch .
For those of you who wan na see my dogs here they are
( Stitch is on top , Cookie is on bottom ) pic.twitter.com/zDK89IP18s — EasyBreasyBeautiful ( @ _EasyBreasy_ ) June 13 , 2017
The dogs had always shared one food bowl , Easton said in a statement posted on Twitter .
“ My dog Stitch trained my other dog Cookie to only eat half the food that 's in the bowl . So ever since they were young they knew to leave half the food so Stitch can have some ( he liked to make sure they would eat , ) ” Easton wrote .
Easton explained that Stitch recently passed away and Cookie is alone for the first time .
“ So since Stitch is gone , I 've been feeding Cookie less food , ” Easton wrote .
“ Well before I went to bed , I wanted to check to see if they ate . And so I did , and they still left half of their food there so Stitch can eat , ” Easton said .
Their tweet sparked a flood of emotions .
i 'm crying so hard ugh oh my gosh poor Cookie missing their best friend ugh they do n't deserve this https : //t.co/B8Rw8VfRtQ — aly🖤 ( @ aly3hunna ) June 13 , 2017
cookie is too good for this world https : //t.co/AmMWgB8cpW — hadia ( @ haahdia ) June 13 , 2017
Maybe because they knew their tweet broke hearts all over the world , Easton later shared a video of Cookie and Stitch enjoying a snack together during happier times .
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput , who was appreciated for their role in biopic M.S . Dhoni : The Untold Story , says that they do n't work for awards .
On being asked if they have any disappointments for not winning an award for the film , they said : “ If somebody gives you validation about your work then obviously it feels good but I do n't look forward for any awards . ”
“ My job is done once the last day of shoot ends . I am a very selfish actor . I am just concerned about kind of experience I have while shooting the film . I just do n't care about box office numbers .
“ Just being on the film set and shooting for the film is the most important thing for me , ” said Sushant on the sidelines of IIFA voting weekend 2017 on Saturday .
Sushant is gearing up for their forthcoming film “ Raabta ” that also stars Kriti Sanon and Jim Sarbh in key roles .
When asked if they face any difficulties while shooting action scenes for the film they replied : “ Why would there be any difficulties ? I am doing work and discovering myself from the last 18 years so I have no complaints whatsoever . ”
The film marks the directorial debut of producer Dinesh Vijan . ‘ Raabta ' is being produced by Maddock films and T-Series . It is set to hit the screens on 9th June . There is a lot of excitement surrounding Raabta considering the off-screen link-up of Sushant and Kriti . After Raabta , Sushant is lined up with Romeo Akbar Walter . The film is based on true events from 1971 . Romeo Akbar Walter is being helmed by Robby Grewal and is slated to hit the theaters in 2018 .
Sushant has also bagged a franchise film to be produced by Dharma Productions . It is being helmed by Dostana director , Tarun Mansukhani . The film stars Jacqueline Fernandez in a key role and has been titled as Drive .
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website . If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it .
The Denver Broncos traded quarterback Trevor Siemian to the Minnesota Vikings , the team announced Monday .
The Broncos also sent a seventh-round pick ( No . 225 ) in next month 's draft to Minnesota and obtained a fifth-round selection in the 2019 draft from the Vikings .
Siemian was Denver 's seventh-round pick in 2015 from Northwestern and started 24 of 26 games .
Siemian , 26 , was named the starting quarterback out of training camp each of the past two seasons .
Last season , Siemian started 10 of the 11 games they appeared in and completed 206 of 349 passes for 2,285 yards , with 12 touchdowns and 14 interceptions for a quarterback rating of 73.3 .
The Broncos were 5-5 in the 10 games they started in 2017 and went 8-6 in their 14 starts in 2016 .
In three seasons , Siemian has completed 59.3 percent ( 495 of 835 ) of their passes for 5,686 yards with 30 touchdowns and 23 interceptions for a quarterback rating of 79.9 .
With Minnesota , Siemian is expected to be a backup for recently acquired Kirk Cousins .
The Broncos signed free-agent quarterback Case Keenum to be their starter next season .
Paxton Lynch , a first-round draft pick in 2016 , has started two games each of the past two seasons for Denver and is the Broncos ' backup quarterback at the moment .
The Reds pull on the new 2018/19 Home Kit for the first time . https : //t.co/HQ4Syxw7Z4 # ThisMeansMore pic.twitter.com/d6lx0tZ7ge
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson 's 5 goals
1:02 The importance of South Carolina 's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting , explains motive
1:55 Godspeed , John Glenn : 1921-2016
4:00 QB Bobby Fuller reminisces about USC playing days , their moment in the movies
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork & Goal : Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
Share . Coming to DVD and Blu-Ray next year . Coming to DVD and Blu-Ray next year .
Today at New York Comic-Con , Warner Bros. Japan revealed the first official poster for its upcoming anime movie Batman Ninja .
As reported by io9 , the poster was unveiled alongside footage from the film , which was shown to those in attendance at NYCC . While the footage has not yet been released online , you can check out the poster , which offers an early glimpse at the katana-wielding Dark Knight , below :
The film , which sees Batman sent back in time during medieval-era Japan , will be released sometime next year on DVD and Blu-ray .
Batman Ninja is being directed by Jumpei Mizusaki ( JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure ) with character designs by Takashi Okazaki ( Afro Samurai ) . Eric Garcia and Leo Chu wrote the English screenplay , which is based on a script by Kazuki Nakashima .
In addition to Batman Ninja , 2018 will bring with it the release of an animated retelling of Gotham by Gaslight , the DC Comics story that sees Batman transplanted into the 18th Century . Three clips from the upcoming movie were shown at NYCC , and you can check out our rundown of the footage right here .
Batman Visual History of Gotham 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 35 Click through for a Visual History of Batman 's Gotham City ... 01 35 Clicks through for a Visual History of Batman 's Gotham City ... Batman Visual History of Gotham Download Image Captions ESC
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN . Find them on Twitter at @ alexcosborn .
]
Lacey Sladky has joined Crosby Marketing Communications as an Integration Director . They will help lead the company 's growing work with organizations that serve the military and veteran community , including Military OneSource , the Department of Defense 's flagship digital services platform that supports service members and their families across the globe .
Sladky has 19 years of marketing communications and executive-level operational experience . Most recently , they were the Vice President of Strategic Communications for ReefPoint Group , which provides management consulting and data analytics to federal clients , such as the Bureau of Navy Medicine . Prior to that , they were a Marketing Communications Program Manager for TeleCommunication Systems ( now Comtech ) , leading internal and external communications for its Government Solutions Group .
A 1998 graduate of the United States Naval Academy , they served as a Navy Surface Warfare Officer on two Western Pacific deployments to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom .
“ Lacey brings strong marketing and leadership skills to our team , ” said Executive Vice President Denise Aube . “ Her perspective from having served in a variety of positions within the Navy provides valuable insights , ensuring we continue to deliver sound solutions that originate from real-world experience . ”
Beyond Military OneSource , Crosby has deep experience working with organizations that serve enlisted personnel , veterans and military families , including DAV ( Disabled American Veterans ) and the Veterans Administration .
Crosby provides integrated advertising , public relations , social media and digital marketing services through specialized practices in Healthcare , Government , and Nonprofits & Causes . The firm currently ranks # 31 on O'Dwyer 's list of the largest PR firms and is a top provider on the GSA Advertising and Integrated Marketing Services ( AIMS ) schedule . Crosby 's mission of Inspiring Actions That Matter™ helps clients make a positive impact for individuals , families , communities and society .
Crosby was named a Top Workplace by The Baltimore Sun in 2016 for achieving outstanding employee engagement , work/life balance , pay and benefits , and company leadership . To learn more , visit www.crosbymarketing.com .
Related
Category : Businesses , LIFE IN THE AREA , Local News , NEWS
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac .
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free , but Ford does n't have the replacement parts yet . It will notify owners when the parts are available .
Q & A : Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers . In exchange , they have promised to cut regulations and taxes .
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards '' The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over , it 's over , '' Trump told the crowd .
Six occupants of a house south of Chemainus have found themselves out of a home .
The house , on the 2400 block of Waynes Road , went up in flames yesterday ( Mon ) .
Firefighters from the Chemainus , Crofton , and Ladysmith Fire Departments attended to the blaze . The fire is believed to have started in the carport and spread throughout the house .
Five of the six occupants were home at the time of the fire and they all managed to escape without injury .
Should Rudy King now be forced to renounce their citizenship now that they have another citizenship ?
60 Minutes Spotlights On Caribbean Passports for Sale
By NAN News Editor
News Americas , NEW YORK , NY , Mon . Jan. 2 , 2017 : The controversial practice in some Caribbean nations of Citizenship By Investment was in the global spotlight Sunday as CBS ' 60 Minutes put the focus on what it called simply : “ Passports for Sale . ”
Steve Kroft along with producers Graham Messick and Evie Salomon , interviewed Lennox Linton , a Member of Parliament in Dominica , who talked the option of getting a passport there for as little as US 100,000 .
“ You do n't even have to come to Dominica to get the citizenship . You pay the money from wherever you are , ” Linton stated .
The show 's producers also spoke with international lawyer Sirous Motevassel , a Middle Easterner from Iran who lives in Dubai but travels on a CARICOM passport from St. Kitts and Nevis . The passport allows them entry to more than 100 countries without having to get special permission . Motevassel reitereated that the St. Kitts passport is available for a real estate investment of $ 250,000 or a $ 400,000 and is a legal way to circumvent visa controls that some nations set up .
In St. Kitts , the report said , 40 percent of the government 's revenue came from selling passports .
Apart from Dominica and St. Kitts , Grenada , St. Lucia , and Antigua have also adopted the program as well . Antigua & Barbuda 's Prime Minister Gaston Browne , told 60 Minutes that the revenue from the country 's three-year-old program has kept the government from defaulting on its international loans and has turned the economy around .
And they insisted that Antigua & Barbuda has the strictest citizenship by investment program in the Caribbean where you must show up there at least five days here to get citizenship , pass a background check and shell out $ 250,000 .
“ We 're lookin ' for high net worth individuals . People who are established business people . Who are well-known . And to make sure that we get the crème de la crème , ” Browne stated , while admitting they have had applications from Syria and while the country is one of the areas in which they have had some concerns it is not on a restricted list . Antigua has also sold citizenship to Iranians , Libyans , Pakistanis as well .
60 Minutes also reported that despite claims of background checks by Caribbean nations promoting the program , the sale of diplomatic passports is not part of the citizenship by investment program and goes on under the table in some cases , which has resulted in some crooked diplomats especially in Dominica .
Dominican diplomat Alison Madueke , a former Nigerian oil minister was arrested for suspected bribery and money laundering ; Rudolph King , a Bahamian fugitive from U.S. justice was Dominica 's ambassador to Bahrain and Francesco Corallo , who , at the time , was on INTERPOL 's list of most-wanted criminals , had a Dominica diplomatic passport .
DES MOINES , Iowa ( AP ) - A lawsuit claims Iowa 's new voter identification law violates the state constitution .
Priorities USA Foundation says the lawsuit was filed Wednesday in Polk County District Court in Des Moines . The national group , which is covering legal costs , provided a copy of the lawsuit .
It 's the first legal challenge against the new ID requirement and its provisions . Parts of the law will be in effect for Iowa 's upcoming June 5 primary , though a requirement to show ID to cast a regular ballot wo n't be in place until 2019 .
The lawsuit 's plaintiffs are the League of United Latin American Citizens of Iowa and an Iowa State University student .
Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate is named as a defendant in the suit . Their office did not respond to a request for comment .
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account ?
Your account has been deleted ! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration .
As a top network solution provider , Huawei LTE Gateways are an important series of wireless products for home or office networking . Huawei B593 is the world 's first 4G LTE WiFi routers with Ethernet port ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/4g-wireless-router.html ) and the new competitors are continuously presented to the public by Huawei in following years . Huawei E5186 wireless router is one of them . If you want to change the 3G router or ADSL connection to Huawei 4G Gateway , you may ask : what 's the difference between the Huawei B593 and Huawei E5186 ? Which one is better in performance ? In this article , we will review the appearance , interfaces , specs and variant models to provide possible answers for you .
Huawei E5186 VS B593 Router Appearance and Interface
The Huawei 4G Router B593 ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/huawei-b593-4g-lte-cpe-industrial-wireless-router.html ) and E5186 are both the 4G WiFi router with Ethernet ports in traditional router shape . On the front of Huawei B593 LTE CPE , there are some indicators for Power , WLAN , WPS , Telephone , Mode , and Signal . On the Huawei E5186 , it indicates Power , Mode , WiFi , Voice , and Signal . Of course , Huawei logo is with the indicators . On the back , they both have two connectors for an external antenna . The connector type is SMA . They can use the same 4G LTE External Antenna ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/4g-antenna.html ) .
On the back , there is also a line of interfaces , including 4G LAN port ( one for WAN/LAN ) , two telephone port , one USB 2.0 port and power plug port . On the Huawei E5186 , there is a power button to switch on or off the power . Huawei B593 power button is at the side of the SIM card slot . The Huawei E5186 SIM card slot is also at the body side with the WPS and WIFI button . Huawei E5186 uses Micro SIM card while the first generation LTE router B593 uses standard SIM card .
Huawei B593 VS E5186 Specs and variant models
From the specs , we ca n't see much difference between the two Huawei routers . Actually , as the upgraded version of Huawei B593 , Huawei E5186 almost followed the design of Huawei B593 and has just little adjustment . To meet the different LTE frequency bands worldwide , Huawei had assigned many variant models for LTE CPE B593 , such as B593u-12 , B593s-22 , B593s-82 , B593u-91 , B593s-850 , B593s-601 , B593s-516 , B595s-931 etc… Huawei E5186 also has two variant models : E5186s-22a and E5186s-61a . You can check details specs of the variant models on the product page . And below the table shows the details specs of Huawei E5186 and Huawei B593 Router for reference :
Model : Huawei E5186
Product type : LTE WiFi Router
Category : LTE Cat.6
Chipset : HiSilicon LTE Cat6 Chipset
Data rates : DL 300Mbps/UL 50Mbps
Supported 4G LTE frequency bands :
Huawei E5186s-22a : Band 1/3/7/8/20/38
Huawei E5186s-61a : Band 3/7/28/40
WLAN : 802.11a/b/g/n/ac , dual-band 2.4GHz & 5GHz
Max supported users : 64 users
MIMO : 2 x 2 MIMO
Connector for external antenna : Two , SMA-female jacks
Buy Antenna : Huawei E5186 external antenna
App management : Huawei Hilink APP
SIM Size : Micro SIM
Battery : NO
Dimensions : 190 mm × 200 mm × 32 mm
Interfaces :
* 3 x LAN port ( 45 )
* 1 x LAN/WAN port ( 45 )
* 2 x telephone port ( RJ11 )
* Two external LTE antenna ports ( SMA-J1.5 )
* One micro-SIM card slot
* 1 x USB 2.0 port
Datasheet : Huawei E5186 Datasheet ( PDF )
User Manual : Huawei E5186 User Manual
Other features : Firewall , CS Voice , VoIP , TR069 Remote Management , HTTP Online Upgrade , QoS , USB Share , UPnP , IPV6 , DLNA , Fax , Print , VPN
Firmware download : Huawei E5186 firmware
Driver : Huawei E5186 driver
Reviews : Huawei E5186 Review ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-e5186-lte-cat6-wireless-gateway-review/ )
Price/USD : 259.00USD
———————————-
Model : Huawei B593
Product type : LTE WiFi Router
Category : LTE Cat.3
Chipset : Qualcomm MDM9200
Data rates : DL 100Mbps/UL 50Mbps
Supported 4G LTE frequency bands :
* B593u-12 : Band 1/3/7/8/20
* B593s-22 : Band 1/3/7/8/20
* B593s-82 : Band 38/40
* B593s-601 : Band 3/7/40
* B593s-516 : LTE FDD Band 2/4/5/7/8
WLAN : 802.11b/g/n , dual-band 2.4GHz
Max supported users : 32 users
MIMO : n/a
Connector for external antenna : Two , SMA-female jacks
Buy Antenna : Huawei B593 External Antenna
App management : Huawei Hilink APP
SIM Size : Stand SIM
Battery : NO
Dimensions : 190 mm x 35 mm x 176 mm
Interfaces :
* 3 x LAN port ( 45 )
* 1 x LAN/WAN port ( 45 )
* 2 x telephone port ( RJ11 )
* Two external LTE antenna ports ( SMA-J1.5 )
* One stand SIM card slot
* 1 x USB 2.0 port
Datasheet : LTE CPE B593 Datasheet
User Manual : LTE CPE B593 Manual
Other features : DHCP , Firewall , URL filter , LAN MAC filter , IP Filter , DMZ , Port forwarding
Firmware download : Huawei B593 Firmware
Driver : Huawei B593 Driver
Reviews : Huawei B593 Router Review ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-b593s-22-4g-lte-router-review/ )
Price/USD : 189.00USD
Huawei E5186 VS B593 Speed Test
If you want to know the real speed performance of the two router , check the Huawei E5186s-22 vs Huawei B593u-12 speed test :
[ embed ] https : //youtu.be/qUHrShcHQvI [ /embed ]
Summary
From the specs table , we can see the Huawei E5186 is more advanced which could support up to 300Mbps download speed thanks to LTE Cat.6 with 2 x 2 MIMO and carrier aggregation technology . The speed is almost three times faster than the speeds of Huawei B593 router . The interfaces features are very similar in the two Huawei LTE Router with Ethernet ports . Huawei E5186 WiFi router could support maximum of up to 64 users , which is the double quantity of that on Huawei B593 router . So if you want to buy a fast 4G router , the Huawei E5186 would be the right one .
The advantage of Huawei B593 router is that it has many variant models for more LTE frequency bands , if you are looking for a router for specific bands , you may find one in LTE B593 variant models . And the Huawei B593 price is much cheaper than the price when it 's first available in the market . And it 's also much cheaper than Huawei E5186 price . If you do n't have enough budgets for Huawei LTE CPE E5186 ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/huawei-e5186-4g-cat6-802-11ac-lte-cpe.html ) , then Huawei B593 would provide 4G speed for your internet access .
Souring from https : //www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-e5186-vs-lte-cpe-b593/
MMW learned last week that KR8OS continues to advance the development of its Ethereum blockchain powered ad attribution platform expected to fully launch next year .
The goal ? To provide unparalleled transparency in digital advertising , particularly for attributions of app installs , direct response , affiliate deals , signups , and other conversion events .
And the timing could n't be more opportune .
A March 2017 study commissioned by WPP ad agency The & Partnership and conducted by ad verification company Adloox illustrates the magnitude of the problem KR8OS aims to address : the report found that an estimated 20 % of all 2016 ad spend was wasted on invalid traffic and projects that similar wasted ad spend could reach $ 16.4 billion in 2017 .
When the large players in the ad network industry like Facebook and Google make and enforce the rules for determining attributions and determining payments , advertisers are finding that those rules do n't favor their interests . KR8OS will be positioning itself to disrupt the digital advertising ecosystem by eliminating the role of third parties in determining attributions for networks . KR8OS will allow advertisers and performance marketers to track attributions with unprecedented reliability and precision – on a massive scale . Since the register is accessible to all users , they can also audit attributions to make sure they are being fairly administered . An open attribution system allows for full transparency and eliminates fraud .
“ The blockchain does not and will not solve all the world 's problems . It certainly wo n't solve all the problems in adtech either , ” stated co-founder Sam Goldberg . “ However , when it comes to transparency and record keeping , blockchain has tremendous promise , and that is exactly where KR8OS lives – we bring transparency to attribution and tracking . Attribution answers the most important question for marketing departments in every industry , which is : where did my customer come from ? ”
Toronto 's transit commission says the majority of its new streetcars have to be returned to their manufacturer for repairs .
The first 67 streetcars out of 89 produced for Toronto by Bombardier Transportation will be sent back for preventative repairs of `` inferior frame welds , '' TTC spokesperson Brad Ross said Wednesday .
The defect poses no safety risk `` in any way , '' they added .
`` ( Bombardier ) advised us last fall , '' Ross said . `` We directed them to develop a program for repair that will permanently fix the cars while minimizing service impacts . ''
The streetcars will be returned three or four at a time , and will all be fixed by 2022 , Ross said .
Bombardier will cover the cost of the repairs , which will take place at its Welding Centre of Excellence in La Pocatiere , Que. , company spokesperson Eric Prud'homme said .
`` Welding issues are not uncommon in the industry , but , in this case , Bombardier has been proactive and responsible to ensure the cars meet the expected longevity , all in full transparency with TTC and their riders , '' Prud'homme said .
Some 25 to 30 employees will work daily on this maintenance program until it is completed , delaying some of the planned layoffs , they said .
`` Until our preventive welding maintenance program is performed , we fully guarantee the strength of the existing welds . ''
The problem identified by Bombardier 18 months ago involves work completed in Mexico .
[ India ] , December 11 ( ANI ) : Delhi has once again witnessed a spike in air pollution levels .
According to the System of Air Quality and Weather Forecasting And Research ( SAFAR ) , the air quality is reported to be 'very poor ' since today morning .
The SAFAR forecast said that PM 10 was recorded at 289 and PM 2.5 at 177 . The minimum temperature recorded by the Met department was at 8.2 degrees Celsius .
On December 8 , the air quality index was 194 , which is 'moderate ' , according to the Central Pollution Control Board ( CPCB ) .
This was the first time in two months that the air quality had improved to a large extent . It remained in the 'moderate ' category till December 10 . Due to decreased visibility , at least ten trains were cancelled and 17 were delayed . Two others have been rescheduled . The visibility was down to 1,200 metres . On Sunday , around 19 trains were cancelled and 19 others were delayed , due to fog in several parts of northern India . Seven of them were rescheduled . An official at Indian Meterological Department ( IMD ) said , `` There is a possibility of light rains in the evening today . The maximum temperature is expected to hover around 27 degrees Celsius . The humidity level recorded at 8.30 a.m was 92 percent . The minimum temperature recorded yesterday was at 7.4 degrees Celsius . The maximum temperature settled at 27.2 degrees Celsius . ( ANI )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DESOTO — The employees and customers at the All-Star Barber Shop in Desoto have opinions on almost everything . This week , they 're talking about summer vacay ! Would you rather fly or drive ?
“ One of the best ( in my opinion ) and largest companies in the world is on sale , ” D.M . Martins Research writes for Seeking Alpha . “ At least this is how I see Apple stock 's 7 % dip over the past few days , as analysts turn cautious about the tech device maker 's iPhone sales ahead of the release of fiscal 2Q18 results . ”
“ I calculate that the implied effect of Taiwan Semiconductor 's guidance drop to Apple 's full-year net earnings would barely breach $ 7 billion , ” Martins writes . “ On the other hand , AAPL has lost a whopping $ 65 billion in market cap over the past few days – way too much for my taste , considering the worst-case financial impact to the company . ”
“ From my perspective , the bar for fiscal 2Q18 results has already been lowered enough , particularly in regards to iPhone sales and following Apple 's bursting of the ‘ super-cycle bubble ' that I discussed a few months ago. , ” Martins writes . “ Therefore , I find it unlikely that next week 's earnings report will disappoint . I may very well accumulate shares on this most recent , silly dip . ”
Read more in the full article here .
Improving the efficiency of solar cells requires materials free from impurities and structural defects . Scientists across many disciplines at KAUST have shown that 2D organic-inorganic hybrid materials feature far fewer defects than thicker 3D versions .
Modern-day electronics rely on technologies that can develop almost perfect crystals of silicon ; flawless to the atomic level . This is crucial because defects and impurities scatter electrons as they flow , which adversely affects the material 's electronic properties .
But hybrid perovskites , an exciting class of electronic material , can not be constructed using the epitaxial or layer methods developed for silicon . Instead , they are produced using solution-based processes . While this makes them cheaper than silicon , it also makes purity much harder to achieve as defect population and species are sensitive to the processing conditions .
Osman Bakr from the KAUST Solar Center together with colleagues from multiple divisions across KAUST and the University of Toronto , demonstrate that two-dimensional layers of perovskite material can achieve levels of purity much higher than is possible than in their 3D counterpart . `` Two-dimensional hybrid perovskites are a subgroup of the big hybrid perovskite family , '' explains Wei Peng , lead author and doctoral degree recipient from Bakr 's lab . `` They can be derived by inserting large organic cations in three-dimensional perovskite structures . ''
Hybrid perovskites are made up of lead and halide ( such as iodine ) atoms and an organic component . This class of materials in solar cells has already shown ground-breaking potential for energy conversion efficiency while having low production costs and the possibility for being integrated in flexible devices . This combination of qualities makes hybrid perovskites an exciting material for optoelectronic applications .
Peng , Bakr and coworkers created a 2D material made of periodic layers of hybrid perovskites with an organic component of either phenethylammonium or methylammonium . Using a solution-based fabrication method , the layers were placed on a gold electrode so the team could measure the electrical conductivity .
Their measurements indicate that the 2D materials contained three orders of magnitude fewer defects than bulk hybrid perovskites . The team proposes that this reduction is because the large organic cations in the phenethylammonium suppress defect formation during crystallization .
Next , the team demonstrated the potential for their materials for optoelectronic applications by constructing photoconductors with high light detectivity . These results bode well for further advancements in designing and optimizing perovskite solar cells . `` A future in-depth study on how the defect formation is suppressed will help our understanding and benefit device performance-targeted materials engineering , '' says Peng .
# # #
COLUMBIA , Mo . ( AP ) -- Administrators at the University of Missouri in Columbia are working to maintain research and education opportunities despite proposed budget cuts and job eliminations .
The university released a budget proposal in May calling for the elimination of more than 300 jobs and about $ 60 million in budget cuts for fiscal year 2018 , the Columbia Daily Tribune reported .
Most of the changes went into effect this summer . Administrators said duties of those lost positions have been either eliminated or reallocated to remaining staff .
The university hopes to limit expenditures . It also wants to restructure academic programs and administration by consolidating those programs , duties and staff positions .
But the school is determined to continue providing education and research opportunities despite the cuts , said university spokesperson Christian Basi .
`` There are some things that are no longer being done or will be done differently in the future , but the main mission of the university -- the education of our students , the support of our research and the dissemination of that information -- continues without problems , '' Basi said .
The College of Arts and Science faced the biggest change , with $ 9.6 million cut and nearly 70 jobs lost . Other departments that saw job losses include the School of Journalism , the College of Engineering , the College of Education and the College of Agriculture , Food and Natural Resources .
`` In some cases , program implementation is slowed , but our staff has taken on more responsibilities and work to ensure our education and research can continue , '' said Cooper Drury , associate dean of the arts and science college .
The budget proposal said that most of the 2018 savings will become annual or otherwise recurring . It also mentioned plans for an additional $ 21 million in long-term cuts .
The university 's budget shortfall and widespread reductions is due to low enrollment , slashed state funding , cost increases and strategic investments .
Base said every division in the school will undergo a review in the next few months to determine if more changes are necessary .
issuu , a modern media company focused on helping brands publish digital publications , announced this week at their first-ever Generators Summit the launch of Digital Sales .
With Digital Sales , issuu facilitates a marketplace for publishers to sell their premium digital content through issuu , in partnership with Stripe , enabling publishers to monetize their businesses and thrive .
Digital Sales opens a new and innovative channel for publishers by giving them complete control of determining the right business model for their audience and business – from setting and adjusting pricing , providing access to specific content , single publications or offering a subscription model . Brands and creators no longer need to rely on an arbitrary payment system , which in many cases may be based on poorly understood views or likes .
“ Creativity is the antidote for fear and anger on this planet . At issuu , we believe in supporting creators and helping them build business models so they can grow and thrive – it 's time for the era of the ‘ starving artist ' to come to an end , ” said Joe Hyrkin , CEO of issuu . “ Digital Sales offers a real business model for publishers to build businesses around their content in ways they have n't been able to before on issuu by adding a dependable revenue stream . ”
“ Stripe Connect underpins the Digital Sales marketplace , streamlining payments for publishers and creators , ” adds Cristina Cordova , head of partnerships at Stripe . “ We 're proud to partner with issuu to create new revenue streams for publishers in the internet economy . ”
× Parents charged after unstrapped baby thrown from car seat , lands on head
CONWAY , S.C. – Two South Carolina parents face child neglect charges after a teething baby was allegedly thrown from their unstrapped car seat by their father .
According to The State , 22-year-old Jacob Lowman became “ angry ” on March 10 when their son started to cry , so they threw the baby 's car seat in the air . The unstrapped child flew out of the seat and landed on their head .
The child 's mother , Juliana Biggerstaff , said they tried to take the boy to the hospital but Lowman said he 'd be taken away from them if they did ; so they decided to “ feed them a bottle to get them to stop crying ” instead .
Police say Biggerstaff is charged because police said they did n't contact authorities about the child 's injury .
“ [ Biggerstaff ] never tried seeking care for the victim and had ample opportunity to contact emergency services to check on the victim 's injuries , ” the report said .
Lowman and Biggerstaff were arrested on Thursday and posted $ 5,000 bonds on Friday .
The following deaths have occurred in the Leitrim area :
Mona Hennigan , Lugatubber , Glencar , Co Sligo
Mona Hennigan , Lugatubber , Glencar , Co. Sligo . Peacefully at their home . Removal to St Colmcille 's Church , Rathcormack , on Wednesday morning to arrive for 11am Funeral Mass followed by burial afterwards in Sligo Cemetery . Family flowers only please . Donations in lieu , if desired , to the Palliative Care team Sligo . House private on Wednesday morning please .
Frances Winifred Flynn , St. Peters Court , Phibsboro , Co Dublin / Drumkeerin , Co Leitrim
The death has occured at St. Mary 's Hospital , Phoenix Park , Dublin of Frances Winifred Flynn , St. Peter 's Court , Phibsborough , Dublin and formerly of Greaghnaslieve , Drumkeerin , Co. Leitrim . Sadly missed by their loving sisters Breda Ryder , Dublin , Mary Ellen Kelleher , New York , sister-in-law Mary Flynn , Drumkeerin , nieces , nephews , cousins , relatives and friends . Reposing at the Phoenix Park Community Nursing Unit Mass Room , St. Mary 's , Phoenix Park today , Tuesday from 2pm until 5pm followed by removal to St. Brigid 's Church , Drumkeerin , arriving at 8.30pm . Funeral Mass on Wednesday at 11am , burial afterwards in the adjoining cemetery .
Colette Connolly , Kimmage , Co Dublin / Rossinver , Co Leitrim
Colette Connolly , Kimmage , Dublin and formerly of Conrea , Rossinver , Co Leitrim late staff of Our Lady 's Children 's Hospital , Crumlin . Peacefully at the North West Hospice , Sligo . Sadly missed by their father Edward , brothers Tom ( Galway ) , Eugene ( Dublin ) , Eddie ( London ) , Ben ( Buncrana ) , sisters Mary Doyle ( Sligo ) , Ann Connolly ( Dublin ) , Kate Brennan ( Tubbercurry ) , Noeleen Dolan ( Kilmacow ) , Dolores Hickey ( Tullamore ) , nephews , nieces , relatives and friends . Funeral mass in St Aiden 's Church , Ballaghameehan at 12 noon today , Tuesday . Burial afterwards in Rossinver new cemetery . No flowers by request please ; donations in lieu if desired to the North West Hospice Sligo .
Pat Gormley , Cummeen , Elphin , Co Roscommon
Peacefully at the County Hospital , Roscommon . Surrounded by their family . Sadly missed by their loving wife Mary ( née Ames ) , family Michael , James , Patrick , Ann , Martin and John , sister Nancy Butler ( Elphin ) , brother Tom ( Michigan , USA ) , daughters-in-law , son-in-law , sisters-in-law , grandchildren , nephews , nieces , relatives and friends . Reposing at Brady 's Funeral Home , Elphin today , Tuesday ( 18th April ) from 6pm with removal at 8pm to St. Brigid 's Church , Creeve . Funeral Mass Wednesday ( 19th April ) at 12 noon . Burial afterwards in the New Cemetery , Elphin . House private please . Family flowers only . Donations in lieu of flowers to the Patient Comfort Fund , Roscommon University Hospital c/o Brady Funeral Directors or any family member .
Francis Hartin , Portanure , Loch Gowna , Co Cavan
Francis Hartin , Portanure , Loch Gowna , Co. Cavan , Saturday , 15th April , peacefully surrounded by their loving family at Cavan General Hospital . Beloved husband of Maureen and adored father of Michael , Fergal , Gavin , Cathaldus and Fionnuala , also sadly missed by their twelve grandchildren , brothers ; Tony and P.J , sisters ; Bernadette , Phyllis and Maria , nieces and nephews , brothers-in-law , sisters-in-law , daughters-in-law ; Marian , Lukia and Clare , son-in-law to be ; Graham , extended family and a large circle of friends . Requiem Mass today , Tuesday , 18th April , at 12pm in the Church of the Holy Family , Loch Gowna with burial afterwards in the adjoining cemetery . Family flowers only , donations if desired to Cavan Palliative Care , care of White 's Funeral Directors or any family member . House private after 4pm on Monday please .
Michal Gondzi , Cluain Si , Hartley , Carrick-on-Shannon , Co Leitrim
Friday 14th April 2017 . ( peacefully ) at home . Deeply regretted and sadly missed by their heartbroken parents Andrew and Bozena , grandma Henryka Stasiak , family Ewa , Stasiak , Agnieszka , Robert , Daria , Dominik Stasiak and friends Magda , Pepe , Marzena , Thomas , Kristina , Kazimierz , Justuna , Piotr , Anna and Ewelina and neighbours . Mass of Christian Burial today , Tuesday 18th April in St. Mary 's Church , Carrick-on-Shannon at 12pm with Cremation afterwards in Lakelands Crematorium , Cavan at 3.30pm . No flowers by request please , donations in lieu , to the North West Hospice , Sligo or any family member .
Mary Theresa Staunton ( née Mannion ) , Booterstown , Dublin / Boyle , Co Roscommon
Mary Theresa ( Myra ) , Stillorgan and formerly of Booterstown , Co. Dublin and Boyle , Co. Roscommon on Tuesday , April 11 , 2017 , peacefully , in their 90th year at St. Vincent 's University Hospital , beloved wife of the late Kevin , loving mother of Martin , Kevin and Michele and sister of the late Patrick J. ; sadly missed by their sons , daughter , daughter-in-law Ferial , grandchildren Paul and Sophie , sister Rita , extended family , neighbours and lifelong friends . Funeral Mass today , Tuesday morning ( April 18 ) at 10am . in Church of the Assumption , Booterstown Avenue , followed by burial in Assylinn Cemetery , Boyle , Co. Roscommon arriving at 2.30pm . Family flowers only please .
Rita Coffey ( née Dayton ) , Ashbrook , Scramogue , Co Roscommon
In the loving care of all the staff at Costello 's Private Nursing Home Ballyleague . Pre-deceased by their husband Willie and much loved mother of Ann Marie , Martina ( O'Reilly ) and Catriona ( Folliard ) . They will be sadly missed by their sorrowing family , sons-in-law , grandchildren , sister Maureen Murray , nephews , nieces , sister-in-law Rita Dayton , relatives , neighbours and friends . Funeral Mass on Tuesday April 18th in St. Anne 's Church , Scramogue at 11.30am . Burial afterwards in the adjoining cemetery .
Nor'easters are the storms that move up the Atlantic coastline from the Caribbean bringing strong winds but not always snow .
This year , however , eastern Canada has been walloped by these storms , with hurricane force winds and lots of snow .
Spring snowstorm
Now the Atlantic provinces are bracing for another , as the rest of the country welcomes spring .
CBC meteorologist , Kalin Mitchell said southern New Brunswick can expect between 15 and 25 centimetres of snow late Wednesday into Thursday this week .
“ It does n't appear at this time that the wind field will be as strong as the previous storm but I would n't rule out gusts of 60 to 90 km/h , ” Mitchell said .
Environment Canada has issued a special weather statement for New Brunswick , Nova Scotia , Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland .
In Bathurst , New Brunswick , people are still digging out from under huge drifts of snow from a March 14 nor'easter that left many houses and cottages partially buried .
Eldon McLean spent part of their Saturday afternoon cutting a path through a solid wall of snow , in advance of the snowblower operator brought into tackle the nearly four-metre high drift .
Bathurst was blanketed in 40 cm of snow on the 14th of March and could be getting as much as 25 cm on the 21st of March .
Finance Officials walk out of an IMF meeting last week , unprepared to answer multiple questions ! WELL , WHAT IS DIS ? PM Minnis hiding and the Finance Minister haul to Europe !
Nassau – A senior government official in the Customs Department has rebuked the Minister for Finance , telling Peter Turnquest , “ Talk to the Hand…My Boss is Dr. Hubert Minnis ” .
BP sources deep inside Customs have reported that a big breakdown came between the Minister and the senior official as Turnquest attempted to gather information for a high-level meeting .
Similar breakdowns and fallouts have begun across the service as many senior officers realize neither the Minister nor their department knows what the hell they are doing .
Turnquest raced off to Europe last week to address the blacklisting of the Bahamas by EU Finance Ministers . But , while there , Turnquest did n't even know who Blacklisted the country as a government release from the Cabinet accused the OECD of the Blacklisting .
The OECD never did such a thing . And now the fallout has begun .
Some believe PM Minnis has already fired Turnquest as the mess continues to pile up in Finance .
A meeting by the IMF last week also proved the incompetence by the Minnis Administration as Finance Officers stormed out of that meeting , ill prepared to answer any of the questions put to them by the IMF .
In the end IMF officials asked a repeated question : “ Where is the country 's Financial Secretary Simeon Wilson ? ”
Meanwhile , scores of Finance officers are daily trending material on Facebook promoting the Minnis Government !
What in da hell is dis ?
We report yinner decide !
Alia Bhatt loves to eat . The actor has confessed time and again that they are a foodie and does n't mind gorging on any delicacy ! Actress-entrepreneur Shilpa Shetty , who shoots videos to share various food tips with their fans on every Sunday , got surprised when they bumped into the foodie actor Alia .
The two ended up shooting together and enjoyed eating Easter eggs .
As part of their ‘ Sunday Binge ' series on Instagram , Shilpa posted a video on Sunday in which they can be seen alongside Alia . ‘ My Sunday binge is always sweet , but today it just got sweeter with the sweetest Alia Bhatt ( who thankfully eats ) . Bumped into them and we could n't resist doing the ‘ Sunday Binge ' together , ' Shilpa wrote alongside the video .
While staring happily at a plate full of Easter eggs in Shilpa 's hand , Alia said , “ I 'm sorry I ca n't just stop looking at this plate right now . ”
Hearing this , Shilpa told them viewers , “ See , they all eat , ” trying to indicate that actores sometimes break their strict diet regimes ! After eating a spoonful of a delicious looking carrot and mascarpone cheesecake , Alia told Shilpa , “ I 'm so excited I 'm finally crashing your Sunday binge ! ”
Check out the video right here :
Does n't that platter look absolutely mouthwatering ?
Shilpa Shetty has been away from the silver screen for a while now , but Alia was last seen in the March 2017 film Badrinath Ki Dulhania , which went on to mint over Rs 100 crore .
The 24-year-old actor is presently shooting for Ayan Mukerji 's superhero flick Dragon , where they will star alongside Amitabh Bachchan and Ranbir Kapoor . Dragon is being produced by Karan Johar , who introduced Alia to Bollywood with their 2012 directorial Student of the Year . Dragon also stars Chetna Pande , Vicky Kaushal , Paras Arora , Vijay Raaz , Nakuul Mehta , Rahul Singh and Kamaal Rashid Khan . The movie is slated to release in 2018 .
Ex–Skipper of the Black Stars , John Mensah has dismissed claims their playing days are over .
According to the stalwart , they have more to offer and is awaiting a full recovery from injury to storm the field .
In an interview with the Times Sports , the former Rennes and Sunderland defender said their career has taken a break due to recurrent injuries which they are yet to recover from fully .
While working their way back to fitness , Mensah has undertaken a number of social activities , the recent being an appointment as an ambassador of World Bankers Job Arena .
The World Bankers Job Arena is an online portal that seeks to address the unemployment challenges in Ghana and beyond .
Mensah indicated they could play five more years before calling it quits .
“ I have not retired from football ; I have been injured for a while and that has kept me out of the game , but I will resume training soon and then see what happens , ” they said .
Mensah who last featured for AFC United in the lower division of Swedish football , did not rule out featuring for a local club on their return naming Obuasi-based Ashantigold and Kumasi Asante Kotoko as their preferred destination .
He , however , stressed the Ghana Premier League needed massive improvements as complaints of corruption and bad officiating has become a dent on it .
Mensah , capped 86 times by Ghana at senior level also expressed disappointment at the inability of the Black Stars to qualify for the World Cup in Russia in 2018 .
They attributed the team 's failure to a lack of determination to perform and the absence of a strong fighting spirit , qualities the team previously boasted .
They entreated the players to always play as a unit rather than concentrating on individual brilliance which does not bode well for the team .
Mensah 's illustrious career has seen them feature for the likes of Chievo Verona , Rennes , Olympique Lyon and Sunderland .
BY NANA BENTSI ODURO
The acclaimed musical Son Of A Preacher Man is coming to Nottingham 's Theatre Royal from January 30-February 3 .
Three broken hearts , one Soho hang-out , and the only man who could ever help them…
Welcome to the Preacher Man , the swinging 1960s Soho joint where the kids danced the night away to the latest crazes and dared to dream of love , while the legendary owner , The Preacher Man himself , dispensed advice to cure the loneliest of hearts .
Only , that was a long time ago and all that remains are the memories , the stories and the myths . Until now , that is , when three random strangers , generations apart but all in need of help with their hopeless love lives , are inexplicably drawn to the site of the original venue . The Preacher Man is long gone , but their son , with help from the wonderful Cappuccino Sisters , might just find it in themselves to channel the spirit of The Preacher Man and once more give these three lovesick strangers the look of love .
Featuring the greatest hits of Dusty Springfield , including The Look Of Love , I Only Want To Be With You , Spooky and of course , the classic Son Of A Preacher Man , this sparklingly funny and sweetly touching new musical play by internationally-renowned writer Warner Brown will have you laughing , crying and singing your heart out to some of the greatest songs ever written .
Directed and choreographed by Strictly Come Dancing 's Craig Revel Horwood , Son of a Preacher Man comes to Nottingham for one week only . So you know just what to do with yourself – book your tickets now !
Call the box office on 0115 989 5555 or go to the website at www.trch.co.uk
After unqualified reports emerged from Douma that the Syrian government had used chemical weapons against its own people , Western mainstream media once again said that Bashar Assad was guilty of war crimes . Any alternative accounts were simply dismissed as 'propaganda . Sputnik spoke to international relations expert Xavier Moreau for more .
Sputnik : Since the alleged chemical attack in Douma earlier in the month , we 've heard conflicting reports coming out of the now government controlled city . Some have said that Syrian government forces dropped chemical weapons on civilians , but other reports — corroborated by doctors on the ground in the hospital where the victims were allegedly treated — say that there were no chemical weapons , and that the attacks were staged — what is your opinion on these competing accounts , and what is closer to the truth in your mind ?
Xavier Moreau : In my opinion the chemical attack is a pure fake from the White Helmets . The problem is that the White Helmets are English structure that was built by the former MI6 . So we perfectly know that it 's a complete fake but the problem is that now it seems the phase is over and for instance , you should take Emmanuel Macron in France , they do n't want to talk about it anymore . All the media in France have closed this affair , it seems to that it 's no longer possible to talk about it .
Sputnik : While we have these competing accounts , the more mainstream news outlets seem to have already decided — even before the OPCW investigators have been able to investigate their mission — that there is only one narrative , and that is that the Syrian government deployed chemical weapons against its own people — what do you think explains this unwillingness on the part of the mainstream media to take other accounts of the situation in Syria seriously ?
© AFP 2018 / MOHAMED EL-SHAHED Qatar Obliged to Send Troops to Syria to Keep Being Protected by US – Riyadh In my opinion , Paris , London & Washington have perfectly understood that they lost in Syria ; that the Syrian army with Russian and Iranian allies have won this war . So they just want to get back into the deal , into negotiations , so they tried something not very original . Because actually they already tried a year ago and in 2013 , they tried to explain that Assad wants to use chemical weapons . Actually this narrative is completely counterproductive because everybody who understands what is happening in Syria knows that Assad has no interest in using chemical weapons . But in my opinion , seeing that France , England & Washington tried to tell us that the Syrian army and Assad want to use such a weapon — it is evidence that they lost the war and they know it . They just want to get back to the negotiations table . Actually , Paris represents nobody in this conflict anymore . People they are supposed to represent , they are in Turkey in a hotel in Ankara or in Istanbul . On the land in Syria , they represent nothing on the military front or the political front . So at this point , Paris , London & Washington try to use any kind of leverage they have to try to get back to the negotiation table .
Sputnik : And finally , if the OPCW comes back with results than run counter to the mainstream narrative , would you expect the large news outlets to change their tune , or continue as they have ?
Xavier Moreau : I think that they will continue to propagate this lie . Even they wo n't speak about it , and if you observe what happens in France now , it is exactly the case : I told you , the phase of this chemical attack , bombing and shelling Syria is over now . And neither Macron , nor Theresa May nor Donald Trump want to talk about it anymore , because of course the fake news is completely compromised and they have no interest to talk about it . So no , we will go back to the Skripal case and take some decision about the Skripal case . And so , they will continue the lie or they wo n't talk about it anymore . That 's what 's happening now actually in France , they do n't want to talk about it .
The opinions expressed are those of speaker alone and do not necessarily reflect the position of Sputnik News .
TOKYO — Belgian David Goffin reached a second straight Japan Open tennis final with a tense 7-6 ( 3 ) , 7-6 ( 6 ) victory over Argentina 's Diego Schwartzman on Saturday .
Goffin will face either Croatia 's Marin Cilic or Frenchman Adrian Mannarino in Sunday 's decider .
A Schwartzman double fault at 6-6 in the second tiebreak gifted Goffin a chance to serve for the match , which they converted .
With no breaks in the first set , Goffin took the initiative in the fifth game of the second . They served for the match at 5-4 only for Schwartzman to break back .
Goffin also held the upper hand in the tiebreak at 3-2 , before Schwartzman broke back two points later .
The victory extends Goffin 's winning streak to eight matches , including four in winning their first title since 2014 in Shenzhen last week .
They stand at No.10 in the Emirates ATP Race to London rankings . With the injured Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka ruled out , 10th place is good enough to secure a spot at the end-of-season showpiece .
By David Hulmes , The Associated Press
After taking their Da-Bangg tour to international destinations like London , Hong Kong , Melbourne and Auckland , superstar Salman Khan is all set to bring it to the national capital .
Salman will be joined by a host of stars such as Sonakshi Sinha , Prabhudheva , Meet Bros , Daisy Shah , Kriti Sanon and Maniesh Paul for the tour .
The Indian leg of the tour , which is organised by Red Rocks Entertainment , will start at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium Main Arena here on December 10 .
Trending :
“ My vision is to combine world-class production values with top-notch talent , and provide an unparalleled entertainment experience to all Indians- it all starts with Da-Bangg The Tour , ” Vinamra Gupta , Owner of Red Rocks Entertainment , said in a statement .
Currently , Salman is seen hosting the eleventh season of controversial reality TV show Bigg Boss .
Salman Khan was recently at the House of Commons were they received the award from Keith Vaz , British Parliament 's longest-serving Asian MP . “ The Global Diversity Award is given to people of immense stature in terms of what they have done for diversity in the world , and they are certainly one of them , ” Vaz said here .
Vaz praised Salman for being “ not just a megastar for Indian and world cinema , but also someone who has done so much for humanitarian causes ” . Salman , who looked dapper at the event and runs the Being Human NGO , said : “ Thank you for the respect and honour you have given me . My father would have never thought… But the amount of respect you guys have given me , thank you so much for it . ”
Salman Khan will soon be seen in Tiger Zinda Hai with Katrina Kaif . The film is a sequel to Ek Tha Tiger which was directed by Kabir Khan but the sequel is directed by Ali Abbas Zafar .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police are investigating a claim Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey sexually assaulted a man in Gloucester .
The Met announced it is probing an allegation the American Beauty star sexually assaulted a man in the city in 2013 , the BBC reports .
The force also revealed it is investigating two other new accusations Spacey committed sexual assault .
Police received allegations between February and April of this year that they targeted two men in London - one in Westminster in 1996 , and another in Lambeth in 2008 .
It brings the number of claims against Spacey being investigated by London police to six . Five of the complaints are of sexual assault and one of assault .
In 2017 the police received one allegation of assault said to have taken place in Lambeth in 2008 and two sexual assault claims - one in Lambeth and the other in Westminster , both in 2005 .
In total the actor , 58 , has faced sexual assault accusations from more than 30 men .
The first allegation came from the actor Anthony Rapp in November 2017 , who claimed Spacey made sexual advances in 1986 when they were 14 and Spacey was 26 .
Mr Spacey claimed to have no memory of the events , but publicly apologised . They have since issued an `` absolute '' denial of the other allegations that later emerged .
Spacey has won two Oscars for performances in American Beauty and the Usual Suspects . Between 2004 and 2015 they were a artistic director at The Old Vic Theatre in London .
anagaoka @ hawaiinewsnow.com
There 's a coffee mug on my desk - being used as a pen holder because I do n't drink coffee - that says , `` Life takes you to unexpected places . Love brings you home . ''
In 2006 , after graduating from the University of Arizona ( # BearDown ) , I was lucky to land a job at KGMB9 here in Honolulu . As a Kauai girl and a proud product of this state , it was a dream opportunity to be able to come home and serve these special communities that I cared about so much . For more than three years , I worked as both a producer and general assignment reporter covering crime , business , government , severe weather , even movie premieres - I loved every minute of it .
Life would then take me all the way across the country to Washington , D.C. where I served as press secretary for U.S. Representative Colleen Hanabusa for two terms . It was an amazing time to be on Capitol Hill - Hawaii-born President Barack Obama in the White House , Hawaii Senators Daniel Inouye and Daniel Akaka in the U.S. Senate , and just so much aloha to be found in our nation 's capital .
Love would eventually bring me back home in 2014 . My dad - who was my best friend - was diagnosed with terminal cancer . The decision to move back to Hawaii to care for them was easy . Family first . Always .
Before deciding to return to TV news , I was working in public relations at Anthology Marketing Group , one of the state 's top communications firms . Much like news , it gave me the opportunity to delve into various industries and community issues , and work with the media to share these important stories .
Joining the Hawaii News Now team truly feels like a homecoming and I could n't be more excited . Thank you for putting your trust in us and allowing us into your homes night after night .
[ India ] , Dec 11 ( ANI ) : Popular Tollywood comedian Vijay Sai allegedly committed suicide at their residence in Yusufguda in Hyderabad today .
According to primary information , Vijay Sai committed suicide in their apartment at around 10 a.m .
`` Today in the morning at around 10 a.m. Tollywood comedian committed suicide by hanging themselves to death in their flat while they were alone , we reached the spot and shifted the body to the hospital for Autopsy , their parents will be reaching to police station in some time after we receive complaint we will register a case , '' Jubleehills police station , station house officer ( SHO ) said .
Sai made their debut in the Telugu film industry in 2001 and has acted in several hit films like Bommarillu , Ammayilu Abbayilu . According to reports , Sai was under a lot of stress due to personal and financial problems . ( ANI )
LONDON , March 29 Money market expectations for a European Central Bank rate rise as early as December were scaled back on Wednesday after a report that policymakers are wary of changing their message .
Markets are also no longer fully pricing in a hike by March next year , after sources told Reuters that policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April .
Forward Eonia bank-to-bank rates dated for the ECB meeting on March 8 next year stood at around minus 0.28 percent , almost 8 basis points above the Eonia spot rate of minus 0.36 percent .
Analysts say this gap suggests markets are pricing in roughly an 80 percent chance of a rate hike in the ECB 's deposit rate by next March , having fully priced one in earlier this month after the ECB said a sense of urgency was over .
Forward Eonia rates dated for the ECB meeting in December suggests the chances of 10 basis point hikes in rates are just below 50 percent , that 's down from around 70 percent earlier this week .
( Reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe , Editing by Abhinav Ramnarayan )
The collapsed roof of a gas station sits on a car in Wuppertal , western Germany , May 30 , 2018 one day after western Germany was hit by a thunderstorm with heavy rain . ( Henning Kaiser/dpa via AP )
The collapsed roof of a gas station sits on a car in Wuppertal , western Germany , May 30 , 2018 one day after western Germany was hit by a thunderstorm with heavy rain . ( Henning Kaiser/dpa via AP )
WARSAW , Poland ( AP ) - Record-high temperatures have created a summer-like atmosphere across normally cool Northern Europe - even up into Lapland - weeks ahead of the official start of summer .
Germany , Poland and the Nordic region are seeing an unusually hot May - the hottest in decades in some places - while even the Baltic states bask in an unusually warm spring .
Polish state television called it the hottest May on record in 129 years , with April the third-warmest on record . Temperatures hit 30 Celsius ( 86 Fahrenheit ) in Warsaw on Wednesday .
The heat has exacerbated a dry spell , hurting crops in some places .
Farmers in northeastern Germany have complained of damage caused by dry weather to crops such as oilseed rape . Temperatures hit 32 Celsius in Berlin on Wednesday .
In the Nordic region , Denmark , Finland , Norway and Sweden have all endured sweltering heat with no rain for most of May .
It 's been the warmest May in decades in many parts of Sweden , with temperatures recently reaching 30 Celsius in the coastal town of Hudiksvall .
Denmark and Norway have seen temperatures reaching over 30 Celsius . Norwegian meteorologists say it 's been the warmest May in 71 years in the southeastern part of the country , and warn that excessive heat with no rain in sight could take its toll on animals and the environment , particularly through forest fires .
The heat wave has boosted ice cream sales in the Nordics . The Goteborg , Sweden-based Triumf Glass said it had increased its sales 60 percent in the first half of May compared to the previous year .
The Finnish Meteorological Institute said the current heatwave in the Nordic region has also reached Lapland , Europe 's northernmost and remotest region covering parts of Finland , Sweden and Norway .
___
Tanner reported from Tallinn , Estonia . Associated Press writer Geir Moulson in Berlin contributed .
French President Emmanuel Macron attends the OECD ministerial council meeting on `` Refounding Multilateralism '' , in Paris , France , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Macron warned against trade wars in an impassioned speech about international cooperation Wednesday , two days before the Trump administration decides whether to hit Europe with punishing new tariffs . ( Philippe Wojazer/Pool Photo via AP )
French President Emmanuel Macron attends the OECD ministerial council meeting on `` Refounding Multilateralism '' , in Paris , France , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Macron warned against trade wars in an impassioned speech about international cooperation Wednesday , two days before the Trump administration decides whether to hit Europe with punishing new tariffs . ( Philippe Wojazer/Pool Photo via AP )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - President Donald Trump 's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union , a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions .
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday 's deadline , according to two people familiar with the discussions . The administration 's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement , said the people , who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations .
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel , and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum , citing national security interests . But they granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies ; that reprieve expires Friday .
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs .
`` Realistically , I do not think we can hope '' to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum , said Cecilia Malmstrom , the European Union 's trade commissioner . Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum , Malmstrom said , `` I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports . ''
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday . The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday .
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday , and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday .
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war - a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn .
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs , the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice , peanut butter and other goods in return . French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be `` united and firm . ''
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs , the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security .
`` Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade . Nothing , '' French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris .
In a clear reference to Trump , Macron added : `` These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term . ... One can think about making voters happy by saying , ' I have a victory , I 'll change the rules , you 'll see . ' ''
But Macron said those `` who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment . ''
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive . But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who can not source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material . That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices , economists say .
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position .
`` There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place . There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us . It 's not that we ca n't talk just because there are tariffs , '' they said . They noted that `` China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate . ''
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being `` constructive '' and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements , notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods , including cars .
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S. , the EU , China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade . Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year .
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business .
`` We would operate within ( multilateral ) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly , '' they said .
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week 's gathering at the OECD , an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member .
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying `` the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence '' and tariffs `` would negatively influence investment and jobs . ''
___
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris . Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report .
A A
Welcome to Sunshine Week . No , that does n't mean our skies will suddenly clear . Rather , it 's an annual observation of the critical role that open government and freedom of information at the local , state and federal levels play in our democracy .
In this era of an “ us vs. them ” attitude toward journalists , where the president of the United States labels the media “ the enemy of the American people , ” it 's crucial Americans recognize that our nation can not be former President Ronald Reagan 's “ shining city upon a hill ” without transparency from its leaders and access to the information that would n't have been collected without taxpayer dollars .
“ Now , more than ever , Americans are urged to recognize the importance of open government to a robust democracy , ” Mizell Stewart III of Gannett/USA Today Network wrote . “ Access to meetings , minutes and records of our elected and appointed representatives is a key element of the constitutional right to petition the government for redress of grievances . It is not strictly for the benefit of the news media . ”
But how many would be willing to put in the effort it takes to gather the information printed regularly in The Columbian ? Every day , our readers are provided news about topics as varied as birth announcements , death notices , court proceedings , restaurant health inspections , building permits and meeting agendas for elected bodies and neighborhood associations . Most take that information for granted , but it is public records laws that ensure The Columbian can continue to get that information to keep our readers informed . Those laws also provide our reporters the tools they need for longer , investigative pieces .
Such information comes from sources that are clearly stated for readers : local hospitals , the courts , the city of Vancouver and Clark County , for instance . Columbian reporters attribute where they get their information , including sources named in news stories and documents gathered by reporters . Those documents are often posted to our website so readers can peruse them for themselves .
This diligence also applies to the wire services The Columbian subscribes to . Some readers on occasion take issue with wire stories , claiming they exhibit bias . But objective reading shows those reporters , too , cite their sources , quote documents , etc . So , one might dislike a particular news report , but when the story cites its sources , it ca n't be dismissed as “ fake news , ” either . Remember , just because one does n't agree with a story 's subject does n't mean it is n't true .
While actions by the Trump administration have sounded alarms for the media , it is not alone in attempting to control the information relayed to citizens . As the Associated Press reported , “ Freedom of speech has long been championed more in theory than in reality . Abraham Lincoln 's administration shut down hundreds of newspapers during the Civil War . Woodrow Wilson championed the people 's ‘ indisputable right to criticize their own public officials , ' but also signed legislation during World War I making it a crime to ‘ utter , print , write , or publish ' anything ‘ disloyal ' or ‘ profane ' about the federal government . During the administration of President Barack Obama , who had taught constitutional law at the University of Chicago , the Wilson-era Espionage Act was used to obtain emails and phone records of reporters and threaten James Risen of The New York Times with jail . ”
So during Sunshine Week , take a moment to reflect on all the information we in the United States have a right to receive . Those rights could easily be curtailed if we — regular citizens and news media alike — take for granted how essentially such information is to our democracy .
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson 's 5 goals
1:02 The importance of South Carolina 's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting , explains motive
4:00 QB Bobby Fuller reminisces about USC playing days , their moment in the movies
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork & Goal : Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:49 Fort Dorchester 's Joyner gives reason behind announcement date
NEW YORK — Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in their first major tennis tournament in 16 months , dressed in a black `` warrior princess '' catsuit , no less .
But do n't look for their French Open outfit among the athleisure , office and evening clothes on their new namesake website , the only place their duds are available .
Following collaborations with HSN and Nike , Williams ' `` Serena '' line includes an `` S '' motif and comfortable price points .
The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs , along with a T-shirt with the name of their childhood home , Compton .
Sajid Nadiadwala and Fox would now be definitely looking for much bigger reasons to celebrate . While 100 crore club entry would have been a reason good enough considering the fact that not many movies had been making good moolah over the last few months , the fact that Judwaa 2 has managed to reach that mark in just a little over seven days means that audience was just waiting to get hold of a solid family entertainer , something that is pretty much been seen with collections crossing 98.08 crore in 7 days and now 100crorese being a reality in less than eight days .
The film has turned out to be a huge earner for all involved and is now set for a good run in coming two weeks as well . It is also bound to give ideas to many filmmakers from the past to remake some of their big commercial hits . Not that this trend is new since many such films which had done very good business 10 , or 30 years back have been remade or led to sequels . The fact that Judwaa 2 has done so well means audiences indeed have an appetite to consume an earlier product provided it has been packaged well .
That said , with great recall value comes an even greater responsibility which means just to bring back a film from the past which has done so well is not really a guarantee for the new version to succeed as well . What you need is a package deal with a director of repute as well something that worked so well in case of David Dhawan directed Judwaa 2 . An entertainer will succeed no matter whether it is original or a remake ; however what is definitely required is honesty in the way a film is marketed , promoted , pitched and released , something that worked very well for Judwaa 2 .
Trending :
Bollywood finally has a commercial entertainer that has done well and can heave a sigh of relief .
Note : All collections as per production and distribution sources
Defoamers Sales Market by Product Type ( Water-based Defoamers , Oil-based Defoamers , Silicone-based Defoamers ) by Application /End User ( Chemical Manufacturing and Formulating , Food Production and Processing , Pulp and Paper Manufacturing , Textiles , Paints and Coatings ) by Industry Analysis , Volume , Share , Growth , Challenges , Trends and Forecast 2017–2025 .
This report studies the Defoamers Sales Market status and outlook of global and major regions , from angles of manufacturers , regions , product types and end industries ; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions , and splits the Defoamers Sales Market by product type and applications/end industries .
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Defoamers Sales ( excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer , distributor , wholesaler or traders ) . The percentage splits , Market shares , and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price . The regional splits of the overall Defoamers Sales Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country .
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/defoamers-sales-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources . The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry , including the government policy , Market environment , competitive landscape , historical data , present trends in the Market , technological innovation , upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry , and Market risks , opportunities , Market barriers and challenges .
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research . Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers ; whereas , primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff , directors , CEOs and Marketing executives . The percentage splits , Market shares , growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources .
Defoamers Sales Market : Product Type
• Water-based Defoamers
• Oil-based Defoamers
• Silicone-based Defoamers
Defoamers Sales Market : End User / Application
• Chemical Manufacturing and Formulating
• Food Production and Processing
• Pulp and Paper Manufacturing
• Textiles
• Paints and Coatings
Access Full Report @ https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/defoamers-sales-market-report/
Contact Info :
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox @ profsharemarketresearch.com
Allan Monga , a junior at Deering High School in Portland , Maine , traveled to Washington , D.C. to compete in the Poetry Out Loud contest on Monday . It 's a national competition in which students recite great works of poetry , and it 's run by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation .
But Monga , who says they fled violence in their home country of Zambia , was initially barred from the national final because of their immigration status : He 's an asylum seeker and does not yet have U.S. citizenship .
Poetry Out Loud 's official rules require permanent residence , so Monga filed a lawsuit against the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation . A judge granted a motion allowing them to compete , and they went on to represent the state of Maine in the competition . They read two poems but did not advance to the finals .
Monga says fighting to compete in Poetry Out Loud was important to them — and others .
`` I am not the only kid who 's an immigrant , like the Portland public schools [ themselves ] have a huge body of kids from all over the world who are definitely in my situation , '' Monga says . `` So , I wanted to create a way that kind of opened the door for everyone . ''
Interview Highlights
On what poetry means to Monga
Poetry is like a whole new world to me . Back in my country , I did not have anything about poetry , but poetry is something that I got to learn once I got here . You know , I did research . It 's just something like — I developed feelings for it . It 's like I 'm in a relationship with poetry .
On the teacher that introduced them to poetry
Ms. Callaghan . I mean , I was just sitting one of the days in our class , and they were like , `` Do you wan na try this ? '' I was like , `` Um , maybe , nah . '' But I did [ some ] research , and it was just like magic . It happened , and I will tell you , it is addictive . Your feelings , or passion for it , grow everyday . And honestly , I will not let anyone stand in between the relationship I have , I 've grown for poetry .
On why they connect to `` America '' by Claude McKay
It talks about the good and the bad of America . And me , as an immigrant , I can come across a challenge . Example : what 's going on right now with the NEA trying to say I can not compete . To me , I consider it as a challenge . But the good ? They said I can compete . I had people , the entire Portland public schools , everyone has just gone above and beyond to make sure that I 'm here today . And I do n't know , that poem to me is just like music to my ears .
Matt Ozug and Bridget Kelley produced and edited the audio story . Sydnee Monday and Petra Mayer adapted it for the Web .
WASHINGTON — Democratic lawmakers expressed outrage Friday after the Trump administration announced a rollback to Obamacare 's contraceptive mandate .
The new rules would let a broad range of employers — including nonprofits , private firms and publicly traded companies — stop offering free contraceptives through their health insurance plans if they have a “ sincerely held religious or moral objection , ” senior agency officials in the Department of Health and Human Services said on a call about the implementation and enforcement of the new rules .
More than 55 million U.S. women have birth control coverage with zero out-of-pocket costs , according to the National Women 's Law Center .
Democrats are calling the administration 's decision , which would restrict access to birth control , an attempt to sabotage the Affordable Care Act and an undermining of women 's health .
Frustration with Trump 's decision quickly trended the # handsoffmybc hashtag on Twitter .
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was quick to criticize the decision , calling it “ despicable ” and “ a sickening attack on women 's health . ”
“ This administration 's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision to enable employers and health plans to deny women basic coverage for contraception , ” Pelosi said in a Friday news release .
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer criticized what they said was an “ outrageous decision . ”
“ We have long turned the page on the days when a boss could stand in between a woman and their own healthcare decisions — this decision drags the country backwards , ” they said in a statement . “ This decision is just the latest in a series of moves the Trump Administration has made to undermine and sabotage our health care system . ”
Rep. Katherine Clark , D-Massachusetts , said the move is “ outrageous and wrong . ”
Democrats plan to resist Trump 's latest measure and said they fear restricted access to contraceptives could have effects like an increase in unplanned pregnancies .
“ Millions of Americans — both women and men — rely on contraception to prevent pregnancy , avoid sexually transmitted infections and manage a range of health conditions , ” Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said in a news release .
Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin echoed Warren 's sentiments in a Friday statement .
“ Denying health care to millions of women across America is dangerous and unfair , ” they said . “ And we know that denying access to family planning leads to more unplanned pregnancies and sadly more abortions . ”
But several Republicans , including House Speaker Paul Ryan , applauded Trump 's decision as protecting religious freedom .
“ Under the Obama administration , this constitutional right was seriously eroded , ” Ryan said in a statement , adding : ” The conscience protections installed will ensure that people and organizations can freely live out their religious convictions and moral beliefs . ”
Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan , a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus , said the measure is a victory for people of faith and upholding First Amendment rights .
“ The HHS mandate forced religious employers to pay for services that violated their consciences , ” they said in a Friday news release . “ I applaud President Trump and their administration for boldly standing up for the Constitution and the First Amendment . ”
In Washington state , Gov . Jay Inslee said , “ Access to affordable birth control is among the most essential and basic health benefits women rely on . Today the Trump administration took aim at birth control coverage for 62.4 million women nationwide . The president has turned a crucial health care tool for women into a senseless and reckless political ploy . There is no legitimate rationale for taking away women 's access to birth control , and there is no way we will allow this rollback of women 's health care to happen without a fight . ”
And Rep. Adam Smith , D-Wash. , called the Trump action “ an abhorrent attack on women 's rights . ”
“ This dangerous decision turns back the clock by enabling employers to discriminate under the guise of religious freedom . The birth control mandate has allowed millions to access affordable contraception and given women autonomy over their reproductive health and futures . Health care must include access to affordable birth control and reproductive services . The Trump Administration 's ideologically-driven decision is a shameful sanctioning of gender discrimination that endangers women 's health . ”
These Pinelands explorers may be paddling their kayaks through your next glass of water
These Pinelands explorers may be paddling their kayaks through your next glass of water Apr 20
It 's going to take a lot of sweat and muscle to plant 10 millions trees , but Pennsylvania says it has the might .
State officials , along with federal and local partners , announced an ambitious plan to plant that number of trees by 2025 within a key watershed as a way of controlling pollution in rivers and streams .
The effort is coordinated by the Chesapeake Bay Foundation . The Commonwealth 's involvement is critical to cleanup of the bay . The Susquehanna River basin , spanning 27,000 square miles , drains into the bay as part of its watershed and is a major source of its pollution . For example , Lancaster releases 750 million gallons of sewage mixed with stormwater annually into the Conestoga River . The Conestoga flows into the Susquehanna and ultimately the Chesapeake .
Officials gathered on the Garber Farm in Manheim , Lancaster County , on Tuesday to announce the Keystone 10 Million Trees Partnership . But the collaborative effort got underway several weeks ago and is getting help from conservation organizations , outdoors enthusiasts , businesses , and residents . It is placing particular importance on plantings in Lancaster County and other areas of southeastern Pennsylvania because of nitrogen pollution from agricultural operations .
Already , partners have planted 31,000 trees at 50 sites .
“ The Commonwealth is significantly behind in meeting its pollution-reduction commitments , ” said William Baker , president of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation , “ and the Keystone 10 Million Tree Partnership will accelerate efforts to close that gap . ”
Baker was referring to Pennsylvania 's Clean Water Blueprint , which calls for 96,000 acres of new , forested buffers to be planted along the watershed . That equates to about 8.5 million new trees to be installed at an average density per acre recommended by restoration experts . Adding trees to other locations , such as abandoned mine land , brought the total to 10 million .
Specifically , the new trees are expected to reduce the 4.6 million pounds of nitrogen , 22.2 million pounds of sediment and 43,000 pounds of phosphorus that would have flowed into waterways . Overall , such buffers have the potential to reduce 90 percent of nitrogen in runoff and 80 percent of phosphorus . The trees will be a mix of 130 native species such as oak , hickory , maple , dogwood , red bud , sycamore , and honey-locust .
“ Planting a tree is one of the most impactful conservation practices anyone can do , ” said Cosmo Servidio , administrator for EPA Region 3 . They said trees filter out pollutants , absorb stormwater and prevent erosion .
A single deciduous tree can intercept up to 750 gallons of water per year , according to the partnership 's literature .
B.J . Small , a spokesperson for the Chesapeake Bay Foundation , said the trees are coming from Musser Forests and Octoraro Native Plant Nursery , both in Pennsylvania . They said the trees will come in a mix of forms from root balls to saplings , but wo n't be seeds or mature trees . They also said there was no total cost of the project available because money is coming from multiple sources , including the foundation and grants , and will be spread over seven years .
To accomplish the 10 million tree goal , members of the partnership say they will need more help .
“ Many hands make light work , ” said Harry Campbell , the Chesapeake Bay Foundation 's executive director for Pennsylvania . “ We encourage organizations , business , schools , and anyone else concerned about restoring and protecting Pennsylvania 's waters , to sign up as partners . ”
Officials say anyone wanting to get involved should examine the planting events map , and fill out this form or call ( 717 ) 234-5550 .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
OAKLAND , Calif. — Nathan Eovaldi pitched six innings of no-hit ball in their return to the majors following a second Tommy John surgery , leading the Tampa Bay Rays to a 6-0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night .
Eovaldi ( 1-0 ) faced one over the minimum through six innings in their Tampa Bay debut . They threw 70 pitches and had four strikeouts . The only runner to reach base against them was Matt Chapman , who drew a one-out walk in the first .
Wilmer Font , acquired by the Rays from the A 's last Friday , gave up Jed Lowrie 's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland 's only hit of the game . Vidal Nuno got the last three outs to finish the one-hitter .
Rob Refsnyder hit a three-run home run off A 's starter Sean Manaea ( 5-6 ) , and Johnny Field also homered for the Rays .
The game drew an announced crowd of 6,295 , the smallest at the Coliseum since April 3 , 2003 .
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10 , 2016 , for the Yankees . Nine days later , they underwent a second elbow surgery . Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when they were a junior in high school .
The 28-year-old missed the first month of this season after undergoing surgery March 30 to remove loose bodies in their elbow . Eovaldi made four rehab starts in the minors before being activated off the disabled list prior to Wednesday 's game .
Eovaldi , the 12th pitcher in major league history to start in the majors after having two Tommy John surgeries , induced seven groundouts and retired the final 17 batters they faced following the walk to Chapman .
Font then came in and retired Matt Chapman on a liner to shortstop in the seventh before Lowrie pushed a single up the middle .
Nuno replaced Font in the ninth and gave up a leadoff walk to Chad Pinder then retired the next three batters .
I cover national politics and policy from Washington D.C. , with a focus on Pennsylvania and New Jersey lawmakers and issues .
Former Congressman Charlie Dent addresses a town hall meeting , in Bethlehem , Pa. March 31 , 2017 . Dent , who resigned this past May , has accepted a government affairs job with the law firm DLA Piper .
WASHINGTON — Former U.S. Rep. Charlie Dent has taken a government affairs job with the law firm DLA Piper , setting up the former House Ethics Committee chairperson to offer their knowledge of government and Congress to private clients .
Dent , a Republican from Allentown , will work in the firm 's Philadelphia and Washington , offices , they told the Inquirer and Daily News in an interview . They resigned from public office in mid-May .
Dent — who rose to national prominence as an outspoken critic of hard-right Republicans and President Trump — will now join an international law firm with offices in 40 countries , and whose lobbying clients include Philadelphia-based Comcast , the AARP , Coca-Cola , the PGA Tour and the defense contractor Raytheon .
While congressional rules bar former members from lobbying for one year after leaving office , many ex-lawmakers offer advice and insight before then without taking action that might be defined as lobbying . Dent did not rule out the possibility of becoming a lobbyist in the future .
“ When the time comes I 'm going to evaluate that , but I 'm not against the idea of advocating for issues and clients that I believe in , ” Dent said . For now , “ I expect to use my expertise and experience in a way that will be helpful to people who have a difficult time figuring out how our government works . ”
Dent noted that as a former lawmaker they are permitted “ to pursue other options when I leave. ” They said they did not yet know which clients or issues they might focus on , since they had not started work yet .
Until recently Dent led the committee that oversaw spending on military construction projects and veterans , and one of their last major acts in Congress was shepherding a $ 96.9 billion bill through the House appropriations committee .
“ I just wanted to work with a firm that had a sterling global reputation , ” Dent said , citing their own experience on foreign affairs issues and military construction overseas . “ The firm has a great global reach , a wonderful international platform . ”
The government affairs job comes in addition to a post as a CNN contributor . Dent said DLA Piper would be their primary place of employment .
The firm includes several former lawmakers and federal officials , among them ex-Sens . George Mitchell and Saxby Chambliss , former U.S. Rep. Mike Castle and former Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . It had more than $ 7.6 million in lobbying revenue in 2017 , according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics .
Dent was the leader of Republicans ' centrist Tuesday Group before resigning .
Gov . Wolf has scheduled a special election to replace Dent for Nov. 6 , the same date as the general election .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Hundreds of public school teachers in New York City have landed tickets to the hottest show on Broadway .
Some 400 teachers from schools in all five boroughs will attend Wednesday night 's performance of the sold-out , Tony Award-winning musical “ Hamilton . ”
The teachers were selected by the city 's Department of Education and via a lottery held by Teach For America-New York , a nonprofit educational organization . Barclays is also involved in the performance for educators through a partnership with the organization and the Education Department .
The Broadway show 's organizers hope the musical 's message of diversity and inclusiveness will resonate with educators and their students .
The teachers going to the show are educators who teach a variety of subjects in schools across the city .
Comments
comments
SANJEEV Gupta may not play for Port or the Crows , but in recent months their name has gained a prominence in Adelaide akin to Travis Boak or Tex Walker and they have n't even had a hamstring problem .
That may be something of an exaggeration , but the Indian billionaire has been lauded as Whyalla 's saviour , for their plans to create the renewable energy to fuel the steel plant – and much more .
They have also declared their desire to make Adelaide a centre for motor vehicle manufacture once more , this time with the production of electric vehicles .
It is less than a year since Holden ceased operations in South Austalia , but that does not mean the expertise to build cars has left the state as well . It is clearly that expertise that Mr Gupta would like to tap .
They may have had their bid to buy some of Holden 's Elizabeth plant rebuffed , but that does not mean South Australia is out of the game , although the clock is ticking .
Make no mistake the EV revolution is the biggest disruption to personal transport since the advent of the internal combustion engine . We by no means fully understand the extent to which this revolution will transform the way we live our lives .
Adelaide is the perfect test bed for EV technologies .
Not only is it a well-planned grid city with a world class data network , but it also has a highly skilled workforce , a world class university sector and a history of advanced manufacturing . Bloomberg predicts that EVs will be cheaper to buy than conventional cars in less than ten years and make up more than 50 per cent of all car sales globally by 2040 , barely two decades from now .
The danger is that without action Australia in general , and SA in particular , will be left behind in yet another round of global disruption – that we will again be held hostage to international development rather than reaping the benefits of helping engineer the change .
However , developing the preconditions for investment will not occur without much more support from government , national , state and local , to underpin an industry that has the scale to give Mr Gupta or other entrepreneurs the confidence to risk their money .
Within SA there should be immediate tax and other incentives to encourage state and local government to give preference to EVs in their vehicle fleets .
At the federal level , EVs should be exempt from FBT , tax concessions should be offered for EV or EV component manufacturers , fuel efficiency standards for light vehicles should be enhanced and the Automotive Transformation Scheme should be refocused to support EV start-ups .
It 's time to bring car manufacturing jobs back to South Australia .
TIM STORER IS INDEPENDENT SENATOR FOR SOUTH AUSTRALIA
UK to step up support for start-ups , infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON , June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WEST BRUNSWICK TOWNSHIP -- 3C 's Family Restaurant near Orwigsburg has reopened after being closed because a car ran into its building .
`` Being closed for a couple days kind of throws a wrench in the gears , but the biggest thing is that nobody was hurt , '' restaurant manager Brian Crouse said . `` Preach that -- nobody was hurt . Thank God . ''
A car rammed into the restaurant on Monday , destroying the entrance of the business .
David Crouse and their family have owned the restaurant for more than 40 years . Their main goal was to get back open as soon as possible .
He 's sealed off the space where the crash happened and made a temporary entrance for customers to come in . Crouse said it will take about a month to fix their damaged entrance . They said they want to remodel it to make it better for their customers .
`` We 're gon na open that area up a little bit and put a waiting area in and a congregation area where they can congregate , '' David Crouse said .
One of the loyal customers who stopped in on 3C 's reopening day was one of the first people on the scene after the crash . Steven Dunn is a volunteer firefighter who was worried when they got the call about the restaurant .
`` Just because I know how many people come in through here , '' Dunn said . `` It was just really scary . I was just really scared for everybody . Hoping nobody was injured . ''
They believe the community will be sure to support the business as it gets back on its feet .
`` Definitely , I think the community is going to come together and support and tryna get these past three or four days that they 've been closed back up and running , '' Dunn said .
3C 's family restaurant is already surrounded by concrete barriers for protection . It 's been hit five times . The owner is looking into ways to protect the place even more .
By MARINA WATERS
Staff Writer
mwaters @ heraldandtribune.com
The plans for the new Boones Creek School have become more of a reality—but that 's not to say Washington County is ready to break ground just yet .
Architect Tony Street and Tommy Burleson from Burleson Construction presented new design options for the Boones Creek K-8 to the Washington County Board of Education on Feb. 2 . A motion to approve the 80 percent design phase for the Boones Creek school and for Street to start working on the 40 percent design phase for Jonesborough K-8 was passed unanimously by the school board . However , cutbacks were also discussed in an effort to lower the overall cost for the Boones Creek school .
Burleson and Street said they are $ 1.9 million over the amount currently set aside by the Washington County Commission ; but they came equipped with areas from which the project 's cost could be lessened .
The construction cutback options range from replacing the metal roof with what Street referred to as a low-slope roof , replacing only the metal roof on the cafeteria and auxiliary gym with a low-slope roof , deleting the auxiliary gym or deleting classrooms .
Washington County Mayor Dan Eldridge took part in the meeting and provided the board with the figures approved for the school projects by the county commission . The numbers were also recently presented again at the commission 's Jan. 23 meeting . Eldridge reported that $ 26.8 million is the proposed cost for the Boones Creek school . They also reminded the board of the cap on the funds allocated for each school project .
“ We 're using all of the money ( allocated for the project ) , ” Eldridge said . “ There is no more money available from the tax increase . As a matter of fact , what we have done is we have managed to put about 15 pounds of flour in a 10 pound sack . This is one of those rare opportunities where the taxpayers are going to get more than what they expected they would get because instead of doing a new K-8 and two remodels , there will be two new K-8s and an academic magnet . This is a win for the students and for the school system . This is a win for the taxpayers . ”
However , school board member Keith Ervin said they felt the cost for the Boones Creek School might not be comparable to the cost of existing schools like Ridgeview and Grandview .
“ To build Ridgeview and Grandview we spent—just rough figures— $ 28,000 a child at a 700-kid school , ” Ervin said . “ We 're fixing to spend for an 1100-kid school less than $ 22,000 a child . ”
Eldridge mentioned the total costs for Ridgeview and Grandview also included sport facilities while the cost for the new Boones Creek School cost currently does not include the amount of the proposed sports complex . The complex was not figured into Street and Burleson 's presentation and is estimated at approximately $ 5 million .
Eldridge said by the end of the project the new Boones Creek School will cost over $ 30 million , but they also mentioned that once the partial design work for the two schools are approved—an 80 percent design phase for Boones Creek and a start on the 40 percent design phase for Jonesborough—it would be possible to consider moving funds between the two projects if necessary .
“ By the time you get to the 40 percent design stage on the Jonesborough project , you 're going to know if you have any additional budget flexibility that could be allocated to this project before you have to make a decision to permanently delete anything , ” Eldridge said . “ What it may allow you to find out is some of these add alternates can actually be added back in to the contract because of the ability to move some money . ”
The board also unanimously passed the motion to approve the 2017-2018 school calendar . After voting down the original calendar option presented to the board during the Jan. 5 meeting , the calendar committee met twice to create a new option for teachers to consider , in addition to the original . The calendar most recently drafted by the committee won out . The calendar has an Aug. 7 start date and a six-day fall break .
Just after House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ' ( R-CA ) anti-FBI memo was released Friday , Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( R-WI ) said it was “ critical ” that the focus of the memo 's release remains on “ specific actions and specific actors ” and not on impugning the “ integrity ” of the FBI and the Justice Department as a whole .
Ryan said the concerns outlined in the memo , which purports to reveal that FBI officials abused the FISA process when seeking a warrant to surveil Trump campaign aide Carter Page , were “ legitimate . ”
“ Unlike most judicial proceedings , the FISA system depends not on an adversarial process , but instead on the government providing a complete presentation of the facts and circumstances underlying its warrant applications , ” they said in a statement . “ It is clear from this memo that did n't happen in this case , and as a consequence an American 's civil liberties may have been violated . ”
They called on Democrats to work with Republicans to “ ensure the FISA system works as intended ” and reiterated their commitment to making sure the Democrats ' counter-memo was released once it “ is properly scrubbed of all intelligence sources and methods . ”
Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee voted Monday to release the memo , passing the buck to the President to determine whether it should be made public . President Donald Trump declassified the memo Friday afternoon and the memo was released shortly thereafter .
Democrats claim to have a counter-memo that has still not been approved for release .
A weather watch has been lifted for areas south and east of Hamilton .
Environment Canada had issued the alert about slow-moving thunderstorms approaching Dunnville , Caledonia , Haldimand , Grimsby , St. Catharines , Niagara Falls , Welland , Port Colborne and Fort Erie .
The watch ended at 1:35 p.m .
Yahoo Finance 's Jared Blikre and Myles Udland break down the day 's market action , as the Nasdaq Composite , Nasdaq 100 , S & P 500 and Russell 2000 have their worst day since the February lows , specifically looking at the relative strength of the Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund ( XLK ) versus the S & P 500 .
In their State of the State Address in 2014 , Gov . Phil Bryant announced a goal : `` to end abortion in Mississippi . ''
Bryant has now signed a law that makes their state the most difficult state in the country to get an abortion . It is called the Gestational Age Act , and it bans abortions after 15 weeks of gestation , except in the case of a medical emergency or a severe fetal abnormality . The law does not make exceptions in cases of rape or incest . The Mississippi House passed the measure on March 8 , and Bryant signed it into law on Monday .
The Associated Press reports that Mississippi 's only abortion clinic has sued the state in response to the legislation . In 2012 , that same clinic , The Jackson Women 's Health Organization , filed a lawsuit challenging a different bill Bryant signed into law . That bill enacted stricter requirements for abortion facilities , including a requirement that all physicians associated with an abortion facility have the right to admit patients to a local hospital . It was eventually blocked by a federal district court in 2013 .
After signing this latest bill , Bryant wrote on Twitter , `` I am committed to making Mississippi the safest place in America for an unborn child , and this bill will help us achieve that goal . ''
`` We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America , and what better thing we could do , '' Bryant said as they signed the bill . `` We 'll probably be sued here in about a half hour , and that 'll be fine with me . It is worth fighting over . ''
On the national level , some recent attempts to restrict abortion have failed , as Julie Rovner reported for NPR and Kaiser Health News :
Despite many attempts , Congress did not pass a federal ban on abortions occurring after 20 weeks , did n't cut off Planned Parenthood 's federal funding and did n't write into permanent law the Hyde Amendment , which bans most federal abortion funding but needs annual renewal .
But , Rovner added , the Trump administration has made some progress in restricting abortion and contraception access :
The administration made myriad changes . It reinstituted and expanded the `` Mexico City '' policy , which forbids funding of international aid programs that `` perform or promote '' abortion . It issued rules aimed at allowing religious-affiliated and other employers to not offer contraceptive services if they have a `` religious belief '' or `` moral conviction '' against them , although federal courts have blocked the new rules from being implemented . And just last week the administration created a new `` conscience and religious freedom '' division in the Department of Health and Human Services ' Office of Civil Rights . That new division is designed to enforce both existing laws protecting the rights of conscience for medical personnel and the new regulations . Most important , according to many in the anti-abortion movement , the president nominated and the Senate confirmed more than a dozen federal district court and appeals court judges who are considered likely to rule in favor of abortion restrictions .
Matt Shuham is a news writer for TPM . They were previously assistant editor of The National Memo and managing editor of the Harvard Political Review . They are available by email at mshuham @ talkingpointsmemo.com and on Twitter @ mattshuham .
BOISE , Idaho - An Idaho youth soccer team recently attacked with hate speech is raising money for a better future . At last check , The gofundme.com account for Idaho Juniors FC has raised over $ 7,000 . The coach says the money will go to two local organizations to fight racism and allow athletes to flourish .
Over a week ago the coach found a racist letter attacking some of the young players on their car windshield . For him , The response from the Treasure Valley and beyond shows just how tight-knit the soccer community is .
`` This is a great way for us to rally together , speak and talk about these issues bring awareness and then we have to act , '' said Jeromy Tarkon head coach for Idaho Juniors FC . `` The ball does n't stop because we are aware of it we got to continue , we got to make a change , we got to provoke change , we go to force change . ''
Organizers want to keep the names of the charities under wraps until they stop fundraising , to donate click here .
Of course , you 're going to want to take advantage of the chance to score a cinnamon roll for free because it does n't get much better than ooey , gooey cinnamon-filled dough topped with a creamy frosting . Especially when you do n't have to pay for it ! Cinnabon is offering you the chance to score a free MiniBon at participating Cinnabon locations —and even better—they 're making it super easy for you . All you have to do is register to receive emails from Cinnabon and you 'll get the free MiniBon coupon . Having Cinnabon slide right into your inbox will be no problem . I mean—they 'll send exclusive news and deals and even give you a treat on your birthday , so that sounds like something you 'd want to be apart of , right ? Absolutely ! A MiniBon roll is just a smaller version of the bakery 's classic Cinnamon Roll , and given the smaller portion , you definitely do n't have to feel guilty about taking advantage of this deal.You can choose from the classic flavor or a caramel pecan version . Pair that with an iced coffee or a hot cocoa , and you 've got yourself an excellent start to your day , all because you signed up to receive emails from Cinnabon . Do n't you wish every company offered incentives like this ? You can sign up to get even more deal announcements and get that free MiniBon here Also , find a Cinnabon location near you here so you can take advantage of this special promo , as soon as possible ! That 's not the only exciting dessert opportunity from Cinnabon , either . Back in June the company announced a new line of blended beverages that are a perfect way to cool down for summer . The Chillatta drink line includes Signature Cinnamon Roll , Strawberries & Cream , OREO Cookies & Cream , and Double Chocolate Mocha and an all-new Peaches & Cream flavor for the summer season.They 've reimagined existing flavors to make them creamier and tastier than ever and also added the fruity Peaches & Cream as a special seasonal option . So , if you 're looking for delicious treats ( some of which you can snag for free ! ) , you 've got to head to Cinnabon .
This story originally appeared on Do n't Waste Your Money . Checkout Do n't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life .
A Latvian political party became the focus of public and media scrutiny after it reportedly attempted to promote its agenda on social media using a controversial and possibly racist image .
A campaign ad posted on the Latvian Social Democratic Workers ' Party 's ( LSDSP ) official Facebook page left many Latvian social media users stunned and shocked by its explicit imagery , Sputnik Latvia reports .
The ad , which allegedly portrayed the future of Latvia if the people did n't vote for the party , featured a black man in a tribal garb with an EU passport tucked into their loincloth , with their right hand resting on the shoulder of a naked white blond woman nursing a black baby ; the Latvian and LGBT flags can be seen in the background .
© Photo : Marta Losberga/facebook Fragment of a now-deleted ad by a Latvian party
The picture is based on a painting called “ Modern Family ” attributed to an artist known as Herbert Smagon , well-known for their works depicting the alleged suffering of Nazi Germany at the hands of the Allies during WWII .
Many Latvians were shocked by this development , voicing their feelings and concerns on Twitter and wondering how the ad 's authors came up with its concept .
When it seems that Latvian pre-election methods have reached the lowest possible level , you suddenly hear knocking from below
Kad liekas , ka LV priekšvēlēšanu paņēmienos ir sasniegts zemākais iepējamais līmenis , bet tad no apakšas pēkšņi pieklauvē… pic.twitter.com/wNDdpNqGfa — Artūrs Zvejsalnieks ( @ AZvejsalnieks ) 1 июля 2018 г .
​This GIF shows the stance of other European Social Democrats . In Latvia , it 's quite the opposite !
Šai GIF var redzēt citu eiropas sociāldemokrātu kampaņu ziņu . Latvijā kaut kā pavisam pretēji ! pic.twitter.com/lzyXB4Wcqd — Kal Le Duc ( @ KalLeDuc ) 2 июля 2018 г .
​One person also inquired whether the picture showed how the LSDSP planned to stop global warming .
I realized that LSDSP was promising to stop global warming… This is the visible Trump wall in the background that will stop global warming ?
Es tā sapratu , ka LSDSP sola apturēt globālo sasilšanu un tam sekojošo modi staigāt plikiņiem . Tas fonā redzamais ir slavenais Trampa mūris , kas apturēs globālo sasilšanu ? https : //t.co/1UcT4b97PX — Latvietis Vidējais ( @ Videjais_LV ) 1 июля 2018 г .
​Following the public outrage evoked by this image , the party quickly removed the post and apologized for the incident , claiming that the person responsible for this particular PR stunt was fired .
In remote Italian villages nestled between the Mediterranean Sea and mountains lives a group of several hundred citizens over the age of 90 . Researchers at the University of Rome La Sapienza and University of California San Diego School of Medicine have identified common psychological traits in members of this group .
The study , publishing in International Psychogeriatrics , found participants who were 90 to 101 years old had worse physical health , but better mental well-being than their younger family members ages 51 to 75 .
`` There have been a number of studies on very old adults , but they have mostly focused on genetics rather than their mental health or personalities , '' said Dilip V. Jeste MD , senior author of the study , senior associate dean for the Center of Healthy Aging and Distinguished Professor of Psychiatry and Neurosciences at UC San Diego School of Medicine . `` The main themes that emerged from our study , and appear to be the unique features associated with better mental health of this rural population , were positivity , work ethic , stubbornness and a strong bond with family , religion and land . ''
There were 29 study participants from nine villages in the Cilento region of southern Italy . The researchers used quantitative rating scales for assessing mental and physical health , as well as qualitative interviews to gather personal narratives of the participants , including topics such as migrations , traumatic events and beliefs . Their children or other younger family members were also given the same rating scales and additionally asked to describe their impressions about the personality traits of their older relatives .
`` The group 's love of their land is a common theme and gives them a purpose in life . Most of them are still working in their homes and on the land . They think , 'This is my life and I 'm not going to give it up , ' '' said Anna Scelzo , first author of the study with the Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse in Chiavarese , Italy .
Interview responses also suggested that the participants had considerable self-confidence and decision-making skills .
`` This paradox of aging supports the notion that well-being and wisdom increase with aging even though physical health is failing , '' said Jeste , also the Estelle and Edgar Levi Chair in Aging and director of the Sam and Rose Stein Institute for Research on Aging at UC San Diego .
Some direct quotes from the study 's interviews include :
`` I lost my beloved wife only a month ago and I am very sad for this . We were married for 70 years . I was close to them during all of their illness and I have felt very empty after their loss . But thanks to my sons , I am now recovering and feeling much better . I have four children , ten grandchildren and nine great-grandchildren . I have fought all my life and I am always ready for changes . I think changes bring life and give chances to grow . ''
`` I am always thinking for the best . There is always a solution in life . This is what my father has taught me : to always face difficulties and hope for the best . ''
`` I am always active . I do not know what stress is . Life is what it is and must be faced ... always . ''
`` If I have to say , I feel younger now than when I was young . ''
`` We also found that this group tended to be domineering , stubborn and needed a sense of control , which can be a desirable trait as they are true to their convictions and care less about what others think , '' said Scelzo . `` This tendency to control the environment suggests notable grit that is balanced by a need to adapt to changing circumstances . ''
The researchers plan to follow the participants with multiple longitudinal assessments and compare biological associations with physical and psychological health .
`` Studying the strategies of exceptionally long-lived and lived-well individuals , who not just survive but also thrive and flourish , enhances our understanding of health and functional capacities in all age groups , '' said Jeste .
# # #
Study co-authors include : Salvatore Di Somma , University of Rome La Sapienza ; David Brenner , Nicholas Schork and Lori Montross , UC San Diego ; and Paola Antonini , 3B Biotech Research .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
SYRACUSE , N.Y. — Syracuse guard Tyus Battle has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and return to school for their junior year .
Battle says in a statement on the university website that they feel it 's in their best interest `` to focus on improving some fine points '' in their game and work toward their degree .
Battle says they plan to re-enter the draft next year and calls their decision to return an easy one .
Battle had a standout sophomore season , leading Division I in average minutes played and the Orange in scoring at 19.2 points per game . That earned them a second-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference selection , and their 712 points were the most for a sophomore in school history .
FILE - This is a Monday , July 24 , 2017 file photo of the logo for British American Tobacco appears above a trading post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange . A closer look at BAT ticks all the boxes of an excellent buying opportunity at the current price says the writer . ( AP Photo/Richard Drew/File )
JOHANNESBURG - One of the flagship events of the financial advice world is the annual Investment Forum held at Sun City recently . South African and international fund managers present to a gathering of 800-odd financial advisers over a two-day period , covering all the different asset classes , and elaborate on their stock picking .
Their widely divergent views on which shares to hold are noteworthy . Some fund managers express themselves strongly against a company , while others will convince you of the merit of buying the same share , especially companies like Naspers and Discovery , which are viewed very contradictory . Being a delegate at the investment forum , you realise just how intricate stock picking is - all the highly educated and highly regarded fund managers have complete opposing views !
The only share of which most fund managers were singing praises , and putting on the table their reasoning for buying right now , was British American Tobacco ( BAT ) .
A closer look at BAT ticks all the boxes of an excellent buying opportunity at the current price .
BAT is one of the world 's leading tobacco and next-generation products groups , with brands sold in more than 50 countries . BAT manages a portfolio with more than 200 brands , including the five “ Global Drive Brands ” : Dunhill , Kent , Lucky Strike , Pall Mall and Rothmans . The company makes the cigarette chosen by one in eight of the world 's one billion adult smokers , and have a portfolio of innovative tobacco- and nicotine-based products , offering consumers potentially less risky alternatives to conventional cigarettes .
In the past , BAT has rarely disappointed shareholders . BAT remains an excellent company with a well-balanced portfolio of brands that covers all major price points .
It offers returns genuinely uncorrelated to the South African economy , and attractive exposure to global consumers , with a tilt towards the US , the world 's largest and most profitable cigarette market . The share currently trades at a desirable forward price/earnings ratio of only 13.8 times , and a forward dividend yield of 4.8percent .
Improving margins
Over the past 17 years , BAT has delivered more than 13percent compound annual dividend growth in British pounds , increasing its dividend every year this century . This illustrates its ability to improve margins through operating efficiencies continually , and market share gains , despite industry volume declines .
BAT 's purchase of US business Reynolds International shifts its exposure towards a more profitable , less competitive market where it 's also the clear leader in the vaping space . US tax cuts provide an additional boost to future profits .
The next step for BAT is the move towards next-generation products ( NGPs ) , including vaping and heat-not-burn products that offer customers their nicotine fix with a 95percent reduction in harmful chemicals . They expect NGPs to account for almost a fifth of group revenue in the next five years .
The group 's global scale in both distribution and manufacturing , coupled with its leading technology , position it well to migrate a significant proportion of its cig­arette customers to NGPs over the coming decade . In an industry where advertising is mostly prohibited , it will be almost impossible for a new competitor to enter and gain significant market share .
Risks
Increased competition from illicit trade , unexpected and significant excise increases , ever-changing litigation , disputed taxes , interest and penalties , as well as adverse foreign exchange rate movements always remain a risk . With its geographic diversity , talented people ( employing around 50000 worldwide ) and a proven strategy , they are well placed .
Their products have traditionally demonstrated resilience in times of economic uncertainties , given its sturdy economic moat combined with strong brand loyalty . The group boasts a strong balance sheet with good margins , and healthy cash generation . BAT 's return on equity of more than 60percent justifies a higher valuation than the current 14 times forward earnings .
Amelia Morgenrood , BCom ( Hons ) Financial Planning , is a member of the South African Institute of Stockbrokers , a Portfolio Manager and Regional Director : Faerie Glen Stockbroking & Financial Planning .
The views expressed here are not necessarily those of Independent Media .
- BUSINESS REPORT
A high school student has been searching for years , trying to find a kidney match for their sick grandfather . This past weekend , they got news they had long been waiting for -- a perfect match has finally been found .
Scroll for more content ...
Maddie Sabourin , 18 , is a high school senior at Darlington School in Rome , Georgia , but she 's often in Mareitta sitting by their sick grandfather 's side .
`` Watching papa just be on the transplant list for the past six years has been super hard , '' said Sabourin . `` We 've always been really close . ''
Sam Senseney , 63 , needs a new kidney . Right now , he 's getting by with dialysis three days a week , four hours a day .
`` It pretty much wipes me out , '' said Senseney . `` It has just really taken a toll on me . ''
Their entire family , and even friends , have been tested as potential donors , but no one was a match , and there are 2,000 other people on the Georgia kidney transplant list .
For the past two years , as Maddie was a contestant in the Miss Georgia Outstanding Teen Pageant , their platform was obvious -- raising awareness for organ donation . They personally raised $ 7,500 for the American Kidney Fund in hopes that their grandfather would receive a kidney transplant .
The day after their 18th birthday , they finally got the chance she 'd been waiting for , which is to find out if they could be a donor .
`` Originally , they told me no , '' they said .
But Maddie was indeed a match . However , doctors thought they were just too young to donate .
`` This was n't something that I was just going to let go , '' they said . `` When I knew that I was a match , I knew that this was in God 's plan for me . ''
`` She took me by surprise and they made a little card , '' said Senseney .
Maddie convinced doctors to let them donate , and with a letter letting their grandpa know one of their kidneys would soon be his .
`` I just sat there and looked at it , and was like there 's no way , '' said Senseney .
`` It 's just amazing to know that after all my hard work and advocating , that I 'm going to be the one , '' they said .
Next week , Maddie and their grandfather go in to meet with the doctors and set a date for surgery , which they hope will be within the next month .
`` For as long as I 've been looking for a kidney , and then they come along and just has one , and everything is a match , and everything is perfect . It just pretty much blew me away , '' said Senseney .
`` Papa is going to get all of their energy back , and he 's going to live the life they did six years ago , '' they said . `` And I 'm going to get my best bud back ! ''
Maddie will have to spend three weeks out of school their senior year of high school , but says it is well worth it to save the life of their grandpa .
MACON , Ga. ( AP ) - A Georgia woman has admitted making false threats to blow up daycare centers .
U.S. Attorney Charles Peeler in Macon said in a news release that 26-year-old Jasmine Bradley pleaded guilty Monday to conveying false information and perpetuating a hoax .
Prosecutors say Bradley used Facebook to make a bomb threat in April 2017 against the Child Care Network School in Macon , where they worked . The message said a bomb had been planted and someone would `` blow up every little face in that center tomorrow . ''
Investigators determined Bradley had posted the threat . After they arrested them while they were at work at the school , they admitted making other threats to that daycare and others in the area .
They face up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 .
If you are after some privacy for your backyard , hedging and screening plants are a great solution , not only blocking unwanted views , but helping to beautify your outdoor space .
Horticulturist and Victa Ambassador Adam Woodhams said the leafy privacy option required some careful planning to create the look .
“ It is important to take the time to find the right plants for your situation , ” they said .
“ Do n't be tempted to plant too close together , either .
“ Yes , your hedge will form up faster , but plants will end up competing with each other for food and water . ”
When it comes to choosing the best plant for privacy for your outdoor oasis , Mr Woodhams said there were some key things to keep in mind .
“ Check to see if the plant species is fast growing , has a natural tendency for densely packed foliage , takes to trimming well and has the right mix of upright and horizontal growth , ” they said .
The location of your home also plays a part in deciding what plant will work best , with factors like level of wind exposure , sunlight and soil influencing the decision .
“ You can always improve the planting soil to suit the plant variety , ” Mr Woodhams said . “ As a general rule , blending some quality compost or composted manure through is ideal . ”
When choosing the variety of plant , a clever hack for homebuyers is to opt for one that will grow taller than required .
“ A plant can take years , even a decade , to reach its maximum height and even then , may only do so under ideal conditions , but it may only take 18 months to get to a third or so of its potential maximum , ” Mr Woodhams said .
“ Then you just prune the top off when it hits the ideal height . ”
As for how long it will take to reach your dream garden goals , Mr Woodhams said maintenance and care were a key factor to determining growth rate .
“ To grow at their maximum , plants need to be an appropriate variety for the position they will be planted in , will need the right level of light , the right amount of water and appropriate fertilising , ” they said .
“ To achieve density , they will also need the right amount of regular tip pruning . ”
Murraya or orange-scented jessamine , sasanqua camellia and clumping bamboos are great plant varieties for privacy , all with their own advantages .
“ Murraya or orange-scented jessamine is a native and it is good to around 3m , but I have seen it to 5m , ” Mr Woodhams said .
“ It flowers abundantly two , three or more times a year , with masses of richly fragrant small white flowers . ”
“ Sasanqua camellia varieties are also an awesome choice , with a whole range of sizes up to 5m , ” Mr Woodhams said .
“ They have beautiful glossy , green leaves and bear masses of gorgeous flowers in late summer through to autumn . ”
Meanwhile , clumping bamboos are a great low-maintenance option , according to Mr Woodhams .
“ Pick a variety to suit your height requirements , from 2m to 20m , plant , feed , water and then step back , ” they said .
“ I screened a three-storey house from view in just over 18 months .
“ A bonus is they do n't need regular pruning , just annual thinning out of older shoots . ”
At the end of last year was an update on MARS Replication System Still Being Worked On For Upstream Linux Kernel and like clock work , the German web hosting provider has issued another update on the in-development MARS replication system and is still hoping to mainline it , maybe next year.MARS ' tag-line at the 1 & 1 web hosting company is `` replicating petabytes over long distances '' and `` has replaced DRBD as the backbone of the 1 & 1 geo-redundancy feature as publicly advertised for 1 & 1 Shared Hosting Linux ( ShaHoLin ) . MARS is also running on several other 1 & 1 clusters . Some other people over the world have also seemingly started to use it . `` MARS in 2016 saw several bug fixes , portability improvements for newer kernels , some developments around new features , and more . Thomas Schoebel-Theuer who has been leading MARS development at 1 & 1 is hoping to see more upstream developers willing to engage in the project and ideally work to see it upstreamed . It looks like there 's still more work to do , but maybe we 'll see this giant code-base land in the Linux kernel in 2017.Those interested in MARS for storage replication can find out more via the annual status update this 2016 PDF presentation on the project , or this GitHub repository
Breaking developments in the Bixby sexual assault case . 2 Works for You is the only station with a copy of the plea deal that sources tell us was offered in January to the four former high school football players accused of raping a teammate at the former superintendent 's home .
Scroll for more content ...
Plus , a copy of the punishment handed down by Bixby Public School officials just days after the school received allegations of the incident .
`` We will fight to get the truth out , '' defense attorney Clark Brewster said .
The story continues to unravel .
`` The headlines would read investigation into the Bixby football rape incident , '' Brewster said . `` There was no rape . ''
A credible source gave 2 Works for You investigator Katie Wisely a copy of never before seen documents .
`` We 're a good community and we 've got good people involved and we 've got some bad people involved , '' Bixby parent Michael Smith said .
The alleged incident happened on September 27 , 2017 . An affidavit says Isiah Laking , William Thomas , Colten Cable and Joe Wood reportedly assaulted a teammate with a pool cue at a team dinner at former superintendent Dr. Kyle Wood 's house . They immediately resigned after it made headlines .
In an affidavit , the school was made aware of the incident on October 26 , 2017 . Three days later , a consequence was handed down from the school to the four football players . There were five ramifications : give a sincere apology , five days of physical conditioning after practice , removal form two football games , five hours of community service and a personal pledge that all instances of harassment including teasing , bullying , victimizing and physical assault of the victim or any other football teammate be immediately reported to administration .
A police report was then filed November 9 .
`` We all want the truth and we want justice , '' Smith said . `` At the end of the day , we want mercy as well if that 's something that can be given . ''
Two months after the police report was filed , a plea deal was offered on January 30 , 2018 . There were eight stipulations .
First , instead of filing a criminal felony , the state would file a juvenile petition alleging the offense of Rape in the Second Degree by Instrumentation Second , the state would n't request an in custody adjudication . Plus , all four teens would be placed on juvenile supervision , receive a psychological evaluation from a mutually agreeable source , follow the recommendations outlined in the psychological evaluation , not object to extending supervision past their 18th birthday and agree to testify truthfully if called as a witness in a related matter .
`` This has been a life-changing event already , '' defense attorney Paul DeMuro said .
Now , the next preliminary hearing is scheduled for July 24 and July 25 .
Until then , the community of Bixby is following developments along the way .
`` At the end of the day , you have to let time teach , '' Smith said .
FILE - In this Dec. 4 , 2015 file photo , people shop at the El Egido food market in Havana , Cuba . Th island nation has opened up on Monday , March 19 , 2018 , its first wholesale market in an economy dominated by government-run enterprises . The market will sell beans , beer , sugar , cigars and other basic staples for 20 to 30 percent less than the products are sold throughout the country . ( AP Photo/Desmond Boylan , File )
FILE - In this Dec. 4 , 2015 file photo , people shop at the El Egido food market in Havana , Cuba . Th island nation has opened up on Monday , March 19 , 2018 , its first wholesale market in an economy dominated by government-run enterprises . The market will sell beans , beer , sugar , cigars and other basic staples for 20 to 30 percent less than the products are sold throughout the country . ( AP Photo/Desmond Boylan , File )
HAVANA ( AP ) - Cuba has opened its first wholesale market , lending a hand to some non-state businesses in an economy dominated by government-run enterprises .
State-run newspaper Granma said the market is part of an ongoing effort to `` reorganize '' commerce on the communist island . The market will sell beans , beer , sugar , cigars and other goods for 20 to 30 percent less than the products cost at state-owned retail stores throughout the country .
Since 2010 , the government has authorized about 500,000 people to operate private businesses , and many of them have long sought access to a legal wholesale marketplace where they can pay below retail for the materials they use for their own products or resell to the public .
For most , their wait is not over . The government says the single market known as the Mercabal is only open to 35 worker-owned cooperatives in Havana , at least for now . Other officially licensed private workers might have access later .
The state-run economy accounts for 70 to 80 percent of the Cuban economy .
( credit : istock )
EDMOND , Okla. ( AP ) – An Oklahoma mother and father could n't figure out what was happening to their child 's pacifiers until the baby 's grandmother saw the family dog swipe one off a counter .
One nauseous pooch and a trip to their veterinarian 's office confirmed the couple 's hunch : Dovey had 21 pacifiers lodged in their stomach .
The couple told the veterinarian Dovey had slowed their eating and was vomiting for a few days , but other than that , they thought they seemed fine .
KFOR-TV reports that at first , the veterinarian thought there were only seven to nine pacifiers in Dovey 's stomach , but the surgery proved otherwise .
Dovey is on the mend and has already gone home .
The veterinarian cautioned pet owners in a recent Facebook post that “ dogs will eat anything , anytime and at any age . ”
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
CALDWELL , Idaho - A Caldwell family is battling the odds to help their baby girl . Two-and-a-half-year-old Roxanne Sanchez needs some special help to get surgery that could change their lives . They love dancing and their little sister , but Roxie faces some challenges that most of us do n't .
`` To reach out , it 's a hard thing and at another level , it 's kind of embarrassing to say we need help to help our kids . Which no parents really want to do that they want to be able to do everything on their own , '' said Roxanne 's mom , Heather Sanchez .
Roxie was born with extra fingers and toes , but while they have more digits than the rest of us , they have no thumbs and their extra toes are fused together . Doctors told Roxie 's parents there are corrective surgeries to help , but the surgeries would take place in Salt Lake City , and time is of the essence so the toddler can adjust and stay on track with the rest of the kids them age .
`` Her hands , as they are now they have to try and find ways that will adjust to them hold things grab things , `` explained Heather .
While Roxie is covered by insurance , there are other expenses related to their treatments that are not , such as transportation and fuel for the frequent visits to doctors in Utah , but their parents are still moving ahead and struggling to make the first round of surgeries happen in March .
`` You 're never really prepared for situational things to come up , '' said Heather .
The family has set up a Go Fund Me page . To donate , click here .
by Elizabeth A. Tomlin
When Tom and Sue Clatterbuck moved to Upstate New York from West Virginia , they were pursuing a dream .
“ Our families thought we were crazy quitting our 40-hour a week jobs to come here and farm , ” admits Sue . “ But it 's something we both always wanted to do . ”
“ My mom 's father was a farmer and I spent a lot of time there when I was a kid , ” Tom explains . “ He passed away when I was about 15 . ”
After their grandfather passed on , Tom worked in a factory , with intentions of becoming an auto mechanic , however their love for farming kept a hold on him .
“ That farming blood just stayed there and it kept calling me . ”
Tom says while working in the factory they made the decision to purchase a few beef cows .
“ I actually worked in a factory for 15 years and farmed at night . You know , ” they laugh , “ I was a midnight farmer , as they call it ! That 's how I started . I went out and I bought 10 cows and the next year I bought 40 more ! ” Tom says they were around 29 when they bought the first group .
In the meantime , Sue was training horses .
“ I was into race horses . Thomas was into the cows , ” remarked Sue . “ My dad used to be a jockey back in the ‘ 60s . That 's how I got into the horses . I trained at Charlestown Race track . ”
Clatterbuck was living 70 miles outside of Washington D.C. , in an area that has become a suburb of Washington D.C .
“ Property values just kept going up . People were moving out of Washington D.C. and buying up all kinds of land . And the next thing you know , all of the farms were disappearing . ”
Since Tom was renting land used for their cattle , they knew it was only a matter of time before they would need to find another location to keep their dream alive .
“ In about 2000 we made the decision that we were going to have to move somewhere to farm or we were going to have to give it up . So , when I saw an ad in a farming publication , I thought , ‘ Well , let 's go to New York and see what 's up there . ' And here we are . ”
Clatterbucks brought 80 Black Angus brood cows and “ a bunch of old equipment ” when they moved to their new location . Although the dairy barn , which was a main part of the farm was empty of livestock , everything else remained intact .
“ The milkers , the tank — everything was there when the lady sold us the farm . They had sold their cows a year earlier , but they kept all of the equipment . There was almost a full silo of feed and half a barn of hay . They said , “ I 'm not selling any of it , in case whoever buys the farm has animals and they need it ' , ” Clatterbuck recalls .
In West Virginia , Clatterbuck had pastured their cattle year round . But , the New York climate required a change in the winter diet for the cattle , so corn silage has become a staple , supplementing hay .
“ This year is the most corn we have ever planted , ” Clatterbuck said . “ It 's almost 75 acres of corn — and 10 acres of soybeans . ”
The couple credit neighbors Rick and Josh Pugh for their help in many ways on the farm , including getting the corn planted . “ I do n't even have a corn planter ! ” states Tom , explaining that , “ it 's been a great working relationship and we 've been doing it since 2003 . ”
In 2003 , the young couple decided to buy a herd of dairy cows to add to their beef farm .
“ We made a deal with Rick to buy all of the feed for the lactating cows from him . But we still make all of the feed for the dry cows and all of the beef cows ourselves . ”
They rent fields from four other farms , in addition to using the field on their own farm for pasture , hay , and some corn .
“ Here we own a total of 350 acres , with only about 200-250 usable . Quite a bit of our farm is woods , that 's why we rent the extra land . ”
There were places where they could n't get in to plant this year .
“ You 'd go in and just get stuck . So we may see some issues this year , but in years past , we 've always had extremely good crops here . Really good crops . It 's good soil , ” said Tom .
Live cover is the only method used for breeding the beef cows .
“ We try not to give over 30 cows to one bull . We use registered bulls only and we try to keep it so that we know that bull can cover 25 or 30 cows . ”
“ There 's a rule of thumb , ” Clatterbuck said , “ if your bull 's 24-months old , they should be able to breed 24 cows in a 60 day period , and we try to breed everything in a 60-70 day period , so that we can have all of our calves born at one time . ”
Clatterbuck 's have eight bulls at this time , including two young bulls purchased this summer , with one being bred by Phil Trowbridge .
“ Trowbridge is a well known name . He 's not somebody that 's going to cheat you . They raise quality animals . We only buy registered bulls . I 'm a commercial breeder , but I like to use a good quality bull . ”
Tom said this year they bought two Simmental bulls .
“ I try to make sure everything has a black hat in it , I like the black , because of the Black Angus . So , we try to keep the Angus influence , but I do like to cross breed my animals , you get the best of both worlds when you cross breed . We 've cross-bred with Herefords and we cross-bred with the Simmental and we use the Angus bulls . I 'm not a huge fan of anything pure-bred . I 've never had really good luck with pure bred animals and I do n't study the genetics part of it . ”
Pastures are rotated in a controlled fencing method , and the herd is turned out into harvested cornfields over winter with free choice access to shelter .
“ People that drive by do n't really understand that . But , my bunk and the gates are open . They have free choice . The only reason we would keep them in is if it 's real muddy , and that 's just for their benefit . ”
Clatterbuck 's have marketed their feeder animals direct to Conquest Cattle Feeders in Cato , NY , for 10 years .
“ We 've had such a good working relationship with them . We vaccinate and we bunk break and we do everything that they want us to do — we even try to breed the type of animal they want . It 's been a really good working relationship . ”
Another good working relationship that has benefited Clatterbucks , is with the Madison County Soil and Water .
“ I had dealt with soil and water in West Virginia and I knew there were grants out there . I knew there was help out there , so I started asking questions and they have been a huge help ! ”
To get an access road they had to qualify . Part of that was fencing in streams .
“ We put up all new fence and that gave us enough points to get the road — that 's how they do their work , it 's based on a points system . We have all of our streams fenced off so the cows ca n't get to the streams . It helps with the erosion. ” A crop field down by the barns was also fenced off .
Madison County Soil & Water helped with concrete barnyards , two stream crossings , and a roadway behind the house up an extremely steep incline to access pasture land . “ This road here was almost impassable with a four-wheeler when we started ! And now it 's about like an interstate ! ”
A watering system was also done through Madison County , including a half-mile waterline and two hydrants . A watering system behind the barn was also put in by NRCS . “ It was cost sharing . I had to pay 30 percent — part of that was from labor — and they paid the other 70 percent . NRCS laid the road out and said , ‘ that 's the way you have to do it ' , so that 's the way we did it . ”
NRCS helped with the access road , fencing , and a concrete pad at the barn .
How did Clatterbuck line all of this up ?
“ Most of my stuff is just happenstance , ” they remark . “ I was in the office and I just said , ‘ Hey if you have enough money , I 'd like to do this . ' Then they called and said , ‘ We have enough money to do this ! ' One time they called the first of November and said , ‘ Hey , this has to be done by the end of December , ' and we had two months to do it ! But , if you do n't do it , you lose out on those projects . So , we just go ahead and bite the bullet and do everything we can to get those grants , it really , really helps ! ”
Although good working relationships with neighbors and government agencies have brought Tom and Sue Clatterbuck success with their beef farm , they feel that they owe their good fortune to a Higher Power .
“ We firmly believe that the only reason we wound up here was by the Grace of God , ” Tom attests . “ We truly believe that — just the way everything worked out . ”
FILE - In this June 18 , 2017 , file photo , Imam Yussuf Abdi , center , is welcomed home by friends after arriving at Salt Lake City International Airport . A judge , on Monday , April 23 , 2018 , has dismissed a lawsuit filed by Abdi , a Utah Muslim leader whose lawyers said they were wrongly placed on a government no-fly list and temporarily blocked from leaving Kenya with their family last year . ( AP Photo/Rick Bowmer , File )
FILE - In this June 18 , 2017 , file photo , Imam Yussuf Abdi , center , is welcomed home by friends after arriving at Salt Lake City International Airport . A judge , on Monday , April 23 , 2018 , has dismissed a lawsuit filed by Abdi , a Utah Muslim leader whose lawyers said they were wrongly placed on a government no-fly list and temporarily blocked from leaving Kenya with their family last year . ( AP Photo/Rick Bowmer , File )
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) - A judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed by a Utah Muslim leader who said they were wrongly placed on a government watch list and temporarily blocked from leaving Kenya with their family last summer .
The lengthy screening process undergone by Yussuf Abdi on flights since the trip is inconvenient but not unconstitutional , U.S. District Judge Dee Benson wrote in the decision Monday .
While the right to travel is protected by the Constitution , `` the Supreme Court has not recognized a right to convenient or unimpeded travel , '' Benson wrote .
Lawyers for Abdi , an imam and U.S. citizen , said the screening is more than an inconvenience . They have n't decided if they 'll appeal the ruling .
`` As Yussuf Abdi 's experience makes clear , being on a terrorist watch list can separate citizens from their families , '' attorney Gadeir Abbas said Tuesday .
The lawsuit helped bring Abdi home from Kenya last year , and air travel has been easier for them since the case was filed , Abbas said .
The suit was filed after Abdi went to Kenya to bring back their wife and five children , who had received visa approval to join them in the U.S .
Abdi was initially blocked from boarding the plane back to the U.S. but was eventually allowed to return two days later , after their lawyers went to court and the U.S. attorney 's office in Utah intervened on their behalf .
Since then , he 's taken three trips , including a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia , and been subjected to long security checks that indicate he 's on a government list of people identified for extra scrutiny , according to court documents .
The lawsuit alleged Abdi was added to a watch list in 2014 that let them fly but required extra security measures . They asked to be removed , arguing they had no criminal record and no reason to be on the list .
Abdi has lived in Utah for six years and is the imam of Salt Lake City 's Madina Masjid Islamic Center .
Donald Trump may have postponed their meeting with Kim Jong-un but they did meet another famous Kim : Kim Kardashian West .
The president , 71 , shared a photo of them and the Keeping Up with the Kardashians reality star , 37 , on Twitter Wednesday following their meeting . “ Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing , ” Trump tweeted , along with a portrait of the pair behind the Resolute desk in the Oval Office .
Missing from the photo was Trump 's son-in-law and senior advisor Jared Kushner , whom the KKW Beauty mogul was reportedly scheduled to speak with , according to CNN and Vanity Fair .
Meanwhile , Kardashian West shared a photo of the presidential seal on the White House carpet with the caption : “ Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you . ”
RELATED : Kanye West Calls Donald Trump ‘ My Brother ' in New Tweets : ‘ The Mob Ca n't Make Me Not Love Him '
Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing . pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
RELATED : Kim Kardashian Rocks a Power Suit for White House Meetings About Prison Reform
Kim Kardashian/Instagram
The mother of three shared the same comment on Twitter in honor of the 62-year-old great-grandmother who was incarcerated in October 1996 for a first-time nonviolent drug offense after they helped facilitate communications in a drug trafficking case .
Kardashian West has been helping campaign for Johnson 's presidential pardon .
In a personal essay published on CNN earlier this month , Johnson opened up about what Kardashian West 's help has meant to her , including the spotlight that has been placed on their case .
“ Some refer to prison as a place where hope dies . Some days I 've found that to be almost right , ” Johnson wrote . “ Each time that I 've come close [ to giving up ] , God has restored my faith . ”
“ So when the unlikely voices of Kim Kardashian West and Jared Kushner came together to shine a spotlight on my case , I could only thank God , for they work in mysterious ways , ” they continued .
RELATED : President Trump Wants Colin Kaepernick , Quarterback They Vilified , and Kanye West for Summit on Race
Donald Trump , Kanye West and Ivanka Trump in December 2016 Justin McConney
Though Kardashian West supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election , their rapper husband Kanye West has praised Trump publicly in controversial tweets .
In late April , West , 40 , called Trump “ one of their favorite people , ” also calling the commander-in-chief “ my brother . ”
“ You do n't have to agree with trump [ sic ] but the mob ca n't make me not love him . We are both dragon energy . They are my brother , ” they tweeted . “ I love everyone . I do n't agree with everything anyone does . That 's what makes us individuals . And we have the right to independent thought . ”
West , who also showed off their autographed “ Make America Great Again ” hat , continued , “ If your friend jumps off the bridge you do n't have to do the same . Ye being Ye is a fight for you to be you . For people In my life the idea of Trump is pretty much a 50 50 splits but I do n't tell a Hillary supporter not to support Hillary I love Hillary too . ”
A federal appeals court last week refused to reinstate President Trump 's travel ban , which temporarily bars travel from seven majority-Muslim countries . The ban is still on the minds of students and teachers at Austin Peace Academy , though .
Suhaib Shah is a junior at the K-12 Islamic private school in East Austin . Their parents immigrated to the United States from Pakistan . The family moved to Austin from Garland , Texas , a few years ago .
Austin Peace Academy junior Suhaib Shah talks about turning hate and fear into change .
`` We ca n't really be fighting these people who are afraid with hate , '' Shah says . `` If you 're going out and protesting and just hating Trump , saying , ' I hate Trump . We got ta get them out of the presidency , ' that 's the circle that will just lead forever into a paradox of immense hate , '' Shah says . `` Because if they are hating other people and you hate him , where 's the solution ? ''
Norman Police are investigating the murder of a 20-month-old boy .
Norman Police are investigating the murder of a 20-month-old boy .
On February 4 , police say the suspect , Jake Holman , 25 , called 911 to report the child was not breathing .
Police released the audio recording Wednesday . In the call for help , Holman described finding their girlfriend 's son lying near the crib .
`` I picked them up and turned them over and they are cold , '' Holman told dispatchers .
During the call , the mother can be heard when they discover their baby is no longer breathing .
According to court records , the mother had been away from the home overnight with the child in Holman 's care .
Holman and the mother can be heard trying to administer CPR under the guidance of a dispatcher .
As paramedics neared the home in the 900 block of 24th Avenue SW , the call disconnected .
A dispatcher called back , `` This is Norman 911 , you want to try to do the CPR ? ''
Holman replied , `` We 've tried there is nothing we can do . ''
Court records show investigators arrived to the home and found 20-month-old Maddox Abner on the couch with bruising near their throat and blood near their nose .
Officers arrested Holman for murder .
2/7/17 Related Story : One Arrested In Connection With Infant Death In Norman
Investigators say the boy 's injuries were not consistent with Holman 's story of the baby falling out of the crib .
Holman also allegedly admitted Maddox Abner had been injured several times while in their care .
Court records show the mother provided police with descriptions of at least four separate occasions where their baby was injured while they were working and they were left in Holman 's care .
The injuries included a broken arm in December 2016 .
The Medical Examiner determined the injuries that led to their death were the result of blunt force trauma . The M.E . ruled the death a homicide .
The case is still under investigation .
Meanwhile , the community is offering support to Maddox 's surviving family .
At last check , a GoFundMe page has raised $ 3,865 of an $ 8,000 goal . Click here if you would like to donate .
A Justice for Maddox Facebook Page was also established .
“ There 's never been a better time to trade your cable company 's rented DVR for your own Mac-based solution . A once-sparse market for Mac DVR apps now overflows with increasingly powerful and user-friendly choices for recording your favorite TV shows , via antenna or cable , ” Nathan Alderman writes for iMore . “ We 've sifted through the growing pile of Mac DVR solutions to compare the two top contenders : veteran EyeTV and relative newcomer Plex . ”
“ The other players in the Mac DVR arena have their merits , but they all fall short in key ways . It 's important to note that no Mac DVR apps , including EyeTV , Plex , or any of the following rivals , can currently display or record encrypted premium cable channels such as HBO , Showtime , or Starz , even if you 're a subscriber , ” Alderman writes “ The cable industry demands hefty fees for the keys to unlock those codes , and none of the current Mac apps has yet been willing or able to shell out that much cash . ”
“ EyeTV boasts many superior individual features , like live TV and more precise scheduling . If you want to fine-tune your recording schedules , or more easily automate your recordings with AppleScript , you may want to go with EyeTV despite its idiosyncrasies and its hefty up-front price , ” Alderman writes . “ But for most users , EyeTV 's strong suits are n't strong enough to outweigh Plex 's good looks and impressive ease of use . ”
Read more in the full article here .
JUST three months after denying Jack Cogger an early release from their NRL contract , Nathan Brown has tasked the budding halfback with saving Newcastle 's finals aspirations .
With Mitchell Pearce out for up to four months after undergoing surgery on a torn pec , Cogger has been told to own the No.7 jersey and the side . The loss of Pearce - who leads the Dally M race after seven rounds - is a hammer blow for the young Knights side and could prove the death knell for their top eight hopes .
TEAM NEWS : Every round eight team list
INSPIRATION : War hero 's advice to Dragons before Anzac clash
KENT : Why Anzac clash means so much to Robinson
Camera Icon Jack Cogger asked for a release to the Bulldogs during the preseason . Picture : Getty Images
During the pre-season , Brown knocked back Cogger 's request for an early release to join Canterbury , who they have signed with for 2019 .
At the time , the Bulldogs were desperate for a foil for Kieran Foran however Brown wanted the 20-year-old to remain , believing they would prove valuable during their campaign .
And he 's been vindicated with Cogger to partner Connor Watson during Friday 's clash with Manly and they appear set to play a key role in their season .
Camera Icon Nathan Brown says Cogger is ready to fill the void of Mitchell Pearce . Picture : Getty Images
“ The key is when you go into games , you have to have faith and confidence that you can do well , ” Brown said .
“ I 'd like to think the players have confidence in Coggs and I 'd like to think he 's been training three years for this game .
“ He 's played the last couple of years when they are n't ready .
“ I said that to them at the start of the year , I believe they are ready to play first-grade now . Their opportunity has come through some misfortune for the club and Mitchell .
Camera Icon Pearce is out long-term following an injury against the Tigers . Picture : AAP
“ But Jack 's been working for three years now and their time has come to be a bit more of a dominant player. ” Brown admitted the loss of former Sydney Roosters Pearce was a massive roadblock as they seek a return to the finals after a four-year absence and three straight wooden spoons .
“ Mitchell , in all honesty , has been one of the form players of the competition , ” Brown said .
“ He 's come into a young side and led us really well .
“ He 's doing a great job for us and a big part of our team . Mitchell can still be a big part of our team . ”
LIVE stream every game of every round of the 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership on FOX SPORTS . Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes . SIGN UP NOW .
Miami Heat center Bam Adebayo ( 13 ) drives against Denver Nuggets center Nikola Jokic ( 15 ) during the first half of an NBA basketball game , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Miami . ( AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee )
Miami Heat center Bam Adebayo ( 13 ) drives against Denver Nuggets center Nikola Jokic ( 15 ) during the first half of an NBA basketball game , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Miami . ( AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee )
MIAMI ( AP ) - They broke the stat system . That 's how good Miami and Denver were - even modern technology could n't keep up with the Heat and Nuggets .
For 48 minutes , they went back and forth .
And one overtime would n't decide it , either .
Finally , after three hours , the Heat said enough . James Johnson scored a career-high 31 points , Kelly Olynyk added 30 off the bench and Miami set a franchise single-game scoring record by beating the Nuggets 149-141 in double overtime on Monday night .
`` There did n't deserve to be a loser , '' Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said . `` Guys probably really enjoyed playing in a game like this . ''
Their guys did , anyway . Olynyk became the second reserve in Heat history to score 30 . Wayne Ellington had 23 points , and the Heat made 20 3-pointers - second-most in franchise history .
All that comes with a serious disclaimer . There was no official boxscore after the game , because the system crashed in the first overtime and crews were scrambling to determine official numbers long after the final buzzer . What mattered most was the score - one that moved Miami ( 38-33 ) into seventh in the Eastern Conference and left the Nuggets two games back of the last Western Conference spot .
`` They just executed , '' Nuggets forward Paul Millsap said . `` They got some , I think , fluke plays and a little luck and they 're at home , you know . Momentum shifted a little bit . ''
Miami 's point total was also an NBA season high . Houston and Oklahoma City each scored 148 in games earlier this season .
Nikola Jokic had 34 points and 14 rebounds for Denver ( 38-33 ) , while Wilson Chandler added 26 for the Nuggets . Jamal Murray scored 23 and Will Barton finished with 22 for Denver .
`` There are no stats . The stat machine blew up I guess , '' Nuggets coach Michael Malone said . `` But the only stat I cared about tonight is that I 'm proud of the way we competed , I 'm proud of the way we executed , I 'm proud of the fact that we gave ourselves a chance . ''
Neither team was at full strength . For Miami , Dwyane Wade ( left hamstring strain ) missed their fourth consecutive game , and Hassan Whiteside ( left hip pain ) sat out their fifth straight contest . Denver was without leading scorer Gary Harris , sidelined again by a strained right knee that could keep them out several more days .
Denver led 16-5 after 3 1/2 minutes , and that was the only double-digit lead by either side for about the next three hours . It was airtight until the very final moments , almost to an absurd degree .
After one quarter , Denver led by one .
Halftime , Miami led by one .
After three , Miami still by one .
After regulation , tied .
After one overtime , still tied .
`` That 's as playoffs as it comes , '' Olynyk said .
Back and forth they went all night , two teams who played a one-point game at Denver back in November - that one not being decided until Dion Waiters ' missed jumper as time expired sealed the Nuggets ' win . This one had even more fireworks , with the Heat missing shots at the end of regulation and the first overtime before finding a way in the second OT .
Olynyk and James Johnson had all 13 Miami points in the first overtime .
`` We did n't exactly want it to be like this , '' said Ellington , who rattled home a 3-pointer to start the second OT and put Miami ahead for good . `` But these are the types of games that show your character . ''
TIP-INS
Nuggets : Including the franchise 's ABA days , all 28 previous Nuggets teams to finish .500 or better made the playoffs . That streak seems in jeopardy now . ... Denver fell to 19-5 in games where it scores at least 115 points . The Nuggets are now 17-30 when allowing more than 105 .
Heat : It was the highest-scoring first four quarters of an overtime game in Heat history . The previous before-OT high was 115 at Golden State on Dec. 1 , 2008 . ... A pregame moment of silence was held for the six victims of last week 's bridge collapse near Florida International University . ... The previous scoring record was 141 points , done twice .
NEVER FORGET
The Heat continue paying tributes to the 17 victims of the shooting last month at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High in Parkland , Florida . Heat coach Erik Spoelstra and several players spent their day off Sunday at the Parkland Rec League Basketball Championship , honoring the lives of victims Joaquin Oliver , Luke Hoyer and Alex Schacter by announcing scholarships in their names - as well as a $ 500,000 donation .
ROAD TRIP
This seven-game trip for the Nuggets is their longest since a seven-gamer in the 2011-12 season . As if a late-season two-week trip was n't tough enough , Denver 's remaining schedule is brutal ; after visiting Chicago on Wednesday , the Nuggets will have 10 games left - all against teams currently in the playoff mix .
UP NEXT
Nuggets : Visit Chicago on Wednesday .
Heat : Host New York on Wednesday .
___
More AP basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Simple . Straightforward . Fast – words not normally associated with the Home Office or its processes . Yet in an announcement that is likely to gladden [ or at least provide relief ] to EU citizens and their non EU family members living in the UK , Home Secretary Sajid Javid has announced that a scheme will be launched by 30 March 2019 that will allow EU nationals to claim ‘ settled status ' in the UK . This certainly comes as welcome news for EU nationals in UK post Brexit .
Hemang Laaheru , Director [ Immigration ] at The Smartmove2UK opines , “ Its great that the Home Office is promising simplicity in the process , for instance , the eligibility criteria include applicants have to be EU citizens with continuous residence for a 5 year period and started living in the UK by 31 Dec 2020 , non EU citizens will be required to prove that they are in a genuine relationship with the EU national , while EU nationals not living in the UK for 5 years could apply for ‘ pre-settled status ' – however additional clarity is needed as to what will happen to case where people who are not registered by June 2021 [ for instance children , carers , senior citizens ] .
It would be challenging to see how the Home Office copes with the 3.2 million applications before the end date of the program – especially in light of the delays in processing EEA Family permit applications during 2017 , wherein EU family members from around the world had faced delays of almost 6 – 9 months to have their applications processed .
Whilst this is the welcome statement , it will be interesting to see if the Home Office can change the perception from unfriendly environment culture to a welcoming one . ”
Amidst widespread reform in the UK after the break from the EU , one can never be sure about the long-term benefits ( or goals ) of the Home Office . Are you , or someone you know , EU nationals in UK post Brexit ? You and your family can at least sleep assured tonight knowing that there are reforms being made in order to provide a more welcoming UK EU environment . As for the true impact of this move by the Home Secretary , only time will tell the outcomes .
For the latest updates on the effects of Brexit on EU , stay tuned with the SmartMove2UK .
Think UK immigration , Think The SmartMove2UK .
All babies in Scotland due from tomorrow ( August 15 ) will be gifted a Box full of essential items aimed at tackling inequality and promoting health .
The boxes are a strong signal of the Scottish Government 's determination that every child , regardless of their circumstances should get the best start in life .
Each Baby Box contains a large number of items which are not only practical but designed to help tackle inequality and improve health . The Box itself also doubles up as a safe sleep space , awarded British Safety standard accreditation as a crib for domestic use .
Mark McDonald Minister for Childcare and Early Years said : “ We are committed to doing everything we can to give every baby born in Scotland the best possible start in life and the Baby Box is just one of the range of measures we are using to help babies and parents thrive in the crucial early months .
“ The Box includes a large number of items which are not only practical but designed to help tackle inequality and improve health . It can also be used as a safe sleep space and has been awarded British Safety standard accreditation as a crib for use at home .
“ We will continue to listen to feedback as the Baby Box reaches more families and work with parents and healthcare professionals to keep the contents under review .
“ The national roll-out is the result of months of hard work and engagement with healthcare professionals , stakeholders and parents and I would like to thank everyone involved in helping us reach this momentous occasion .
“ The Baby Box has certainly captured the public 's imagination and we are extremely proud to introduce it to Scotland . ”
Chief Medical Officer Dr Catherine Calderwood said : “ All the evidence shows that the early years are crucial for children 's development . What happens then can be linked to outcomes much later in life . So we know that measures undertaken in the 0-3 years age range have the opportunity to make the biggest impact .
“ That is why we have been working hard to enhance the existing infrastructure available to support families in these crucial early years from before birth all the way up to school age and beyond .
“ Over and above the practical benefits the items within the Baby Box provide , the box itself also offers healthcare professionals a unique opportunity to introduce expectant parents to a wide range of health promotion information . ”
All babies due on or after 15 August will be eligible for a Baby Box .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It is well known that ordering takeaway food is bad for your waistline but it turns out there are more health problems than just obesity .
Now scientists have found that the simple act of ordering your favourite meal can have a detrimental effect on your wellbeing beyond heart disease .
Late delivery , constantly checking app for progress updates , getting the wrong order , and disappointing quality all lead to a condition known as “ takeaway trauma ” .
Scientists classified the condition as having four stages : fidgety , anxious , irate and lost , the Liverpool Echo reports .
Sufferers experienced increased heart rate and stress levels the longer they waited for the takeaway to arrive .
New takeaway to open on site of controversial pizza and fried chicken restaurant
The experiment by the university 's biomedical sciences department involved participants ordering and waiting for a takeaway pizza while wearing heart rate monitors to measure pulse fluctuations , as well as monitoring stress levels .
Following the initial joy and excitement of placing an order , people enter the fidgety stage around five minutes after . This is characterised by finger-tapping , toe-tapping and starting to check the takeaway 's app for updates on the arrival time .
Around 10 minutes after ordering , anxiety starts to creep in . Checking the app and becoming frustrated when delivery time creeps up are symptoms of this stage .
As stress levels increase further , around 40 minutes after ordering , a lack of clear communication , the tardiness of deliveries , curtain twitching and the driver going the wrong way heightens emotions and results in a state of being visibly irate .
( Image : Getty )
The final stage is one of absolute despondency . Frequently after waiting for a long time – around 50 minutes - the wrong order arriving or the food being of a disappointing quality makes people feel lost .
Dr Martin Khechera , senior lecturer in biomedical science at the University of Wolverhampton , said : “ We 've all seen friends , partners and , if we 're honest , even ourselves get antsy and annoyed during the process of ordering a takeaway . However , it is a surprise to see that the experience has a real impact on stress levels and our heart rate . ”
Behavioural expert Darren Stanton , who analysed the results of the experiment , added : “ People order a takeaway as a treat – a way to reward themselves after a long week at work and to enjoy a relaxing night in with loved ones . This study shows that it can be the opposite of this . ”
( Image : Getty )
The study was carried out in association with Chicago Town pizza products , who have created a support page for “ takeaway trauma . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
POTTSVILLE , Pa. -- Seven people are out of their home after a fire in Schuylkill County .
The fire chief tells us the flames started on the third floor of a rowhome on West Norwegian Street in Pottsville around 7 p.m. Monday .
Seven people live there , only five were home at the time .
Everyone got out safely including a dog .
The Red Cross is helping the fire victims .
The cause of the fire is under investigation .
× Give Kids A Smile Day
An event hitting Scranton this weekend could have kids grinning from ear to ear ! Fortis Institute Dental Hygiene Clinic along Ash Street is hosting “ Give Kids A Smile Day ” this Saturday , February 18 . The annual event provides free cleanings , x-rays , sealants and more for kids ages one to 16 years of age . The event is held in February because it 's “ National Children 's Dental Health Month . ”
“ Give Kids A Smile Day ” is free . It 's organized by Fortis ' dental hygiene students . The students perform the dental work alongside several area dentists . Newswatch 16 's Ryan Leckey popped by Fortis for a preview on Wednesday to let parents know what to expect and how to signup .
QUICK FACTS :
WHAT : “ Give Kids A Smile Day ! ”
WHY : Free dental care for kids ages one to 16 . Free cleanings , x-rays , and more !
WHEN : This Saturday , February 18 .
TIME : 8 a.m. – Noon
LOCATION : 519 Ash Street , Scranton
APPOINTMENTS REQUIRED : 570-955-4015 to reserve your spot .
Market Scenario :
The major growth driver of Software-Defined Security Market includes growing demand for increased server security by enterprises , growing market of cloud based infrastructure and rising demand for managing unstructured data of business intelligence among others .
Hence the market for Software-Defined Security Market is expected to grow at highCAGR ( 2016-2022 ) .
However , lack of technical expertise and threat to data security are some of the factors which are hindering the growth of Software-Defined Security Market .
Major Key Players
Intel Corporation ( U.S . )
Cisco systems Inc. ( U.S . )
EMC Corporation ( U.S . )
VMware Inc. ( U.S . )
Citrix systems Inc. ( U.S . )
Fujitsu LTD. ( Japan )
Symantec Corporation ( U.S . )
Ericsson Inc. ( Sweden )
IBM Corporation ( U.S . )
Dell Inc. ( U.S . )
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1616
Objective Study of Software-Defined Security Market :
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next five years of the various segments and sub-segments of the global Software-Defined Security Market .
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth .
To Analyze the Software-Defined Security Market based on various factors- porters five force analysis , mega trend analysis , macroeconomic indicators etc .
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America , Europe , Asia , and Rest of the World ( ROW ) .
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective .
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by deployment , by solution , by application and sub-segments .
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market , comprehensively analyzing their core competencies , and drawing a competitive landscape for the market
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures , strategic alliances , mergers and acquisitions , new product developments , and research and developments in the global Software-Defined Security Market .
Segments
Global Software-Defined Security Market can be segmented as follows :
Segmentation by Deployment : Cloud and on-premise
Segmentation by Solution : abstraction , automation , orchestration , scaling and APIs among others .
abstraction , automation , orchestration , scaling and APIs among others . Segmentation by Application : Telecommunication , cloud service provider , government , education and healthcare among others .
Regional Analysis of Software-Defined Security Market :
North America is dominating the Global Software-Defined Security Market with the largest market share in the region , and therefore accounting for high million and is expected to grow over in a million by 2022 .
Industry News :
Symantec Corporation has acquired Blue coat , Inc. in August 2016 to implement its integration strategy and thus accelerating its commitment to innovate cybersecurity solution .
Intel Corporation has launched software defined security controller in year 2014 . The software has defined to provide security to hybrid data centers and other software defined infrastructure .
Access Report Details @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/software-defined-security-market-1616
Target Audience :
Research Organizations
IT service operators
Telecommunications
Investment firms
Corporate
Resellers and Distributors
Government Agencies
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by Solutions , Application , Logistics and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 524/528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
MONDAY , March 19 , 2018 ( American Heart Association ) -- Lee Matzeder 's heart was racing and their chest felt tight during the Kansas City Royals ' World Series victory parade in downtown Kansas City in 2015 .
But it was n't from the excitement of being surrounded by 800,000 likeminded fans celebrating a world championship .
The 55-year-old elementary school physical education teacher later learned they were having a heart attack . Fortunately for Matzeder , a complete stranger who just happened to be a registered nurse saw them among the packed crowd , recognized the symptoms and took action .
While they do n't remember their name , Matzeder said the nurse offered them a granola bar , then escorted them to a medical tent when the snack did n't help their condition .
`` It was like divine intervention , '' they recalled .
Onsite medical staff told Matzeder their blood pressure was dangerously high at 165/135 . When staffers found their wife Tina and the rest of the family , they knew right away that their husband was in trouble .
`` I 'm a certified medical technician and have worked in home health nursing for 26 years , '' Tina Matzeder said . `` So with their chest pain , their skin discoloration and their muscle weakness , I knew they needed immediate medical care . ''
At the University of Kansas Hospital , a dye test showed two of Matzeder 's coronary arteries were almost completely blocked . A third artery was 70 percent blocked . While heart disease runs in their family -- their father died of a heart attack -- Matzeder said they still are shocked by the news .
`` I 'm 5-foot-8 and weigh 180 pounds , so I always thought I was in pretty good shape , '' they said .
The following day , doctors performed a triple bypass operation on Matzeder . The procedure was successful and they remain healthy , according to Janae Carlson , their nurse practitioner at Shawnee Mission Cardiology in Leavenworth , Kansas .
`` His cholesterol is down , their blood pressure is good and they take their meds as directed , '' they said . `` He 's a teacher , so they know the value of education , and they listen to what I and their doctors tell him . ''
The story could have ended there with Matzeder living a happy , healthy life , but it did n't .
Soon after they returned to teaching at their school , one of their first-grade students , Chase Maltbie , lost their 39-year-old father to a heart attack while stationed in Korea with the U.S. Army .
`` Chase was six when they lost their father , '' Matzeder said . `` And I was six when I lost mine . ''
Chase and Matzeder developed a strong bond over their shared loss . Matzeder encouraged Chase to help raise funds for the American Heart Association 's Jump Rope For Heart , a program the school had been involved in for many years .
Chase turned out to be a fundraising dynamo , raising $ 1,785 in 2016 , and $ 2,260 in 2017 .
`` That is the most money any student of mine has ever raised in the 21 years I 've been involved in Jump Rope For Heart , '' Matzeder said .
Copyright is owned or held by the American Heart Association , Inc. , and all rights are reserved . If you have questions or comments about this story , please email editor @ heart.org .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Share your photos with us in the Pennsylvania People and Places Slideshow . Every now and then we will choose a few of them to air in the Pennsylvania People and Places segment on the show . Be sure to include your name and home town and keep your submission under 320 characters , as well as enough information about the photo for us to write a good story .
* Please Keep submissions to under 320 characters ! ! Longer entries will be cut off on the slideshow .
* Photo 's submitted without a name and home town may not be used on air .
* Be sure to make sure that your tag is clearly visible in the ear of your deer before submitting .
* Photo 's will not immediately appear on the slideshow , they will once they are approved by an administrator . Please do not submit duplicate photo 's . By submitting a photo you verify that all information is correct and allow WNEP to air your photo . If you 're using Google Chrome as your web browser and are having trouble uploading a photo please try a different web browser .
CONCORD , N.C. — Dale Earnhardt Jr. 's final weekend as a full-time driver at Charlotte Motor Speedway got off to a rough start when they crashed moments into Friday 's opening practice .
Earnhardt drove into the high line of the track and slipped in the grippy substance Charlotte officials had used on the surface . It caused them to hit the wall and their Hendrick Motorsports team had to pull out their backup car .
Earnhardt was n't very happy about their misfortune and felt the substance — known as PJ1 — was too slick .
They had to make a quick visit to the care centre before they were cleared to return to practice .
COLUMBIA , S.C. ( AP ) - Brian Bowen is reaming in the NBA draft after the NCAA told South Carolina they would miss at least all next season before they would be eligible to play as the federal investigation into college basketball continues .
Bowen announced their decision to stay in the NBA draft through the school on Wednesday .
The decision means Bowen , the one-time Louisville recruit who transferred to the Gamecocks in January , wo n't ever play in college . They were suspended by Louisville after the school said it was being investigated as part of the federal corruption probe into the sport .
The federal complaint stated an Adidas executive and others attempted to funnel $ 100,000 to a recruit 's family for them to play at Louisville . Details in the documents made clear investigators were referring to Bowen .
___
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
One person was injured and five others are homeless after an apartment fire in Buckingham on Friday .
Residents at 183 Dorchester St. noticed smoke in the two-storey building shortly after 4 p.m. Gatineau firefighters searched the building when they arrived and found an unconscious man inside . The victim was given first aid and taken to hospital , but their condition was unknown as of Friday evening .
The fire was under control by about 4:30 p.m . There was no immediate estimate of the damage costs .
The investigation was turned over to Gatineau police , a media release from the fire service said .
Hurricane season this year was rough on the economy : Harvey and Irma likely erased September job growth , and half of Puerto Rico is still without running water two weeks after Maria struck . A silver lining for Puerto Ricans could be the repeal of the Jones Act , which blocks ships from docking on the island unless they are American-built and operated , and has been temporarily lifted in the wake of the storm . If it were repealed entirely , increased competition from foreign ships would drive down prices of deliveries to the island and speed up the long recovery ahead , but could negatively effect Florida 's shipping and shipbuilding industry . On another note , we discuss sexual harassment allegations against Harvey Weinstein with an editor who 's been on the prominent movie producer 's case for a long time .
BOLOGNA , Italy ( Reuters ) - Italy 's ruling centre-left Democratic Party ( PD ) , trailing in opinion polls ahead of a March 4 ballot , said on Friday it would help families , boost pensions and introduce a minimum wage if it won re-election .
Former prime minister Matteo Renzi accused their rivals of making unrealistic promises as they unveiled the PD 's 100-point election manifesto , which was strongly pro-Europe and included pledges to cut Italy 's debt mountain and boost growth .
“ We propose 100 small steps forward for Italy , 100 small , concrete measures , achievable goals , ” Renzi said in the northern city of Bologna in a hall packed with party bigwigs .
Opinion polls predict that a centre-right alliance that includes Silvio Berlusconi 's Forza Italia ( Go Italy ! ) party will win next month 's vote , with a combined score of around 37 percent -- not enough to control parliament .
The anti-establishment 5-Star Movement looks set to emerge as the largest single party , on around 28 percent . The PD is seen on around 23 percent , paying the price for internal schisms and the slow pace of economic recovery .
The centre-right is promising to introduce a flat-tax of just 23 percent for individuals and companies if it wins , while the 5-Star says it will introduce a “ universal wage ” of up to 780 euros ( $ 973 ) a month to alleviate growing poverty .
Renzi said such measures were unsustainable . “ It seems that the political debate is not focused on real issues . We , instead , have put pragmatism at centre stage , ” they said .
PRO-EUROPEAN
The leader of Italy 's ruling Democratic Party ( PD ) , Matteo Renzi , poses with their candidates as they present the centre-left 's election programme ahead of a March 4 parliamentary election , in Bologna , Italy , February 2 , 2018 . REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Amongst the PD 's flagship proposals was a pledge to give families 400 euros a month per infant for three years to help with childcare costs and allow tax deductions of 240 euros per child until they turned 18 .
It also vowed to cut the corporate tax rate to 22 percent from 24 percent and drop social security contributions on wages to 29 percent from 33 percent . A minimum wage would be introduced , it said , without giving details .
The PD additionally promised to set the minimum pension at 750 euros after at least 20 years of contributions , from around 500 euros at present . Forza Italia is promising to hike the minimum pension to 1,000 euros .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
The PD did not say how it would pay for its various proposals , but said it expected economic output would rise to 2 percent a year against some 1.5 percent at present , suggesting it was betting on an increase in overall tax revenues .
It envisaged lowering the debt mountain from 132 percent of gross domestic product -- the highest in Europe after Greece -- to 100 percent over a 10-year period and said it would respect the EU 's budget deficit ceiling of three percent of GDP .
While opposition parties have been highly critical of the European Union , threatening fierce clashes over budget rigour , the PD presented itself as fervently pro-European .
As such , it said it wanted a eurozone economy minister appointed , the introduction of joint eurobonds to finance the single currency bloc and the direct election by voters across the continent of the European Commission president .
By the same token , a PD government would demand a halt to EU funding for countries like Hungary and Poland that were refusing to take in some of the hundreds of thousands of migrants who have reached Italy from Africa over the past four years .
“ Our Europe is one of values , culture and the rule of law , ” said the PD 's Sandro Gozi , European affairs minister .
OCEAN SHORES , Wash. — Police are searching for a Utah woman who stayed at an Ocean Shores hotel and then disappeared .
Police say 31-year-old Tracy Ann Lewis of Eden , Utah was last seen at the Morning Glory Hotel on March 9 .
“ She checked out of the motel in the morning and was last seen walking northbound on Ocean Shores Blvd . NW . Them vehicle , containing all of their belongings , was left in the hotel parking lot . ”
Officers said they went on a family vacation to Disneyland before driving up the coast . They were expected to visit San Francisco and Portland .
Them family said they do n't know why they would have gone to Ocean Shores .
MISSING : Ocean Shores Police are asking for help to find 31-year-old Tracy Ann Lewis . The Eden , Utah woman was last seen at the Morning Glory Hotel in Ocean Shores on March 9 . They checked out in the AM and was last seen walking NB on Ocean Shores Blvd . NW . @ catchwmw # Q13FOX pic.twitter.com/hUkp2SxmGj — David Rose ( @ DavidRoseQ13FOX ) March 19 , 2018
Police searched the sand dunes in the area with police officers , a dozen volunteers and three search dogs .
Anyone with information is asked to call 360-289-3331 .
Studies of how people perceive climate science paint a depressing picture—one in which ideology overwhelms evidence . Not only does opinion about the science break down along ideological lines , but knowledge of science seems to make matters worse , accentuating the partisan divide .
Those studies have always been somewhat dissatisfying , though , as they leave little room for anyone to dispassionately evaluate the evidence or voice trust in the researchers who have . And , in fact , they do n't explain how exceptions come to exist—the significant conservative voices that are calling for action on climate change .
A study done by Matthew Motta of the University of Minnesota delves into how people might escape ideological blinders . Motta found that people with a long-term interest in science tend to trust scientific authorities like NASA and the IPCC when it comes to climate , regardless of what their political persuasions may be . It 's the latest result that indicates that a `` scientific curiosity '' can get people past their ideology .
Trust in science
Motta took advantage of a unique resource : the Longitudinal Study of American Youth , which has been tracking more than 3,000 US citizens since the 1980s ( long enough that it has had to rebrand itself the Longitudinal Study of American Life ) . Back in 1987 , when its participants were 12-14 years old , the study used questions to assess its subjects ' quantitative reasoning abilities ( a proxy for scientific ability ) and basic science knowledge . But they were also asked about how interested they were in scientific issues .
More recently , Motta added questions to a follow-up survey that asked the same people about how much they trusted scientific information on climate change coming from a number of institutions : state-level agencies , NASA and NOAA , academic researchers , and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change . Overall , these organizations were trusted at similar levels .
Motta then looked for correlations between science interest and knowledge during youth and current trust in sources of scientific information . Scientific knowledge at 12-14 had no significant correlations with trust , while scientific ability slightly increased the trust in only one of the groups . By contrast , interest in science was correlated with increased trust in every single source of information that Motta asked about .
Interest in science was tracked continuously in follow-up surveys through the years , allowing Motta to estimate the impact of this interest in trust on climate-science organizations . Cumulatively , it was quite large , accounting for nearly a 15-percent increase in trust . And , depending on the organization , about a third to a half of that trust arises because of the persistent influence of the interest in science expressed by people in their early teens .
Curiosity > ideology
The most striking result , however , came when Motta looked at whether the participants self-identified as liberal or conservative . Increased scientific knowledge was associated with enhanced trust in scientific organization , but only among liberals . By contrast , the influence of interest in science was completely independent of ideology—it increased trust among both conservatives and liberals .
Motta is n't the first to find this sort of effect . In a paper published earlier this year , a group used a measure it terms the `` science curiosity scale '' to see how the measure influenced concern about climate change . In the group 's results , conservatives with a high scientific literacy were less likely to be concerned about climate change than conservatives with a looser grip on science . But science curiosity actually increased conservatives ' concern about the risks of climate change .
( These researchers defined science curiosity as `` a general disposition , variable in intensity across persons , that reflects the motivation to seek out and consume scientific information for personal pleasure . )
While neither of these findings is a direct measure of what people think about climate science , they 're both pretty significant . You would n't express concern about climate change if you did n't believe it was happening , after all . And while most people do n't go through the effort of examining scientific data , they tend to accept expert opinions , meaning that trust in the groups providing solid expert opinions can be very significant .
Motta also cites data showing that trust is lacking for many people when it comes to climate science : `` Only about one-third of Americans think that climate scientists ' research represents the best available scientific evidence . Similar numbers of Americans believe that climate scientists are mostly influenced by career advancement or their political leanings . ''
The key question , however , is how interest in science is translating to accepting what scientists are telling us . It seems unlikely that we 'll convert the majority of adults into the science-curious camp any time soon . But ideally , we 're still likely to see them accept the information that science is providing . If there 's a way to generate that acceptance without a lifelong interest , it would go a long way toward helping the public engage in fact-based decision-making .
Nature Climate Change , 2017 . DOI : 10.1038/s41558-018-0126-9
Political Psychology , 2017 . DOI : 10.1111/pops.12396 ( About DOIs ) .
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( AP ) - Former Minnesota Gov . Tim Pawlenty announced Monday they created a campaign committee to run for their old job , the most concrete step yet after months of speculation whether the Republican would return to politics following their short-lived 2012 presidential campaign .
Pawlenty has been inching toward a run for months , recently quitting their Washington lobbying job and starting to raise money for a potential bid to replace outgoing Democratic Gov . Mark Dayton . In an emailed statement from a new campaign website , Pawlenty touted their credentials as a potential candidate while promising a final announcement soon .
`` As a two-term governor , I know what it takes to lead our state in the right direction at this pivotal moment in American history , '' they said .
Minnesota law requires candidates to register a campaign committee within 14 days of collecting $ 750 in donations or spending an equal amount . Pawlenty has started to raise money for a campaign , including an upcoming fundraising trip to Florida .
Pawlenty told The Associated Press and other reporters just last week they were `` warming up the engine '' for a possible bid .
To make it official , he 'll have to file for the office with the secretary of state . They would bring unparalleled name recognition and fundraising ability to a Republican field that has struggled to raise money . But a Pawlenty reboot also comes with the political risk of their recent work .
After a quick flameout in the 2012 presidential election , Pawlenty joined the Financial Services Roundtable in 2012 , making more than $ 1 million a year while lobbying on behalf of the nation 's largest banks .
On their new campaign website , Pawlenty referenced that five-year stint only as serving `` as the leader of a large trade association . ''
YOU 'LL SHOOT YOUR EYE OUT ... OR WORSE Please Do n't Build This 150 PSI Nerf Blaster
If you do build a souped-up Nerf cannon , for the love of all that is holy , do n't load it with screwdrivers . Or nails . Or fireworks .
View larger $ 12.98 $ 9.98 - Select Qty - 1 2 3
3 in stock
Poster SKU : 171211-68863-1
Part No : P6034
Weight : 1.01 lbs
Condition : New
Product Types : Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines : Throwback Space
Genres : Drama | Film Noir | Romance | War
Poster Categories : Movies , TV & Gaming
Studio : Warner Bros .
Original U.S. Release : January 23 , 1943
Rating : PG
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH : Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies , TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here .
Details
In the Michael Curtiz film Casablanca , a cynical American expatriate named Rick Blaine ( Humphrey Bogart ) encounters a former lover named Ilsa Lund ( Ingrid Bergman ) , with unforeseen complications , in December 1941 Casablanca .
Specifications
Size : 24x36 in
Cast : Claude Rains | Conrad Veidt | Humphrey Bogart | Ingrid Bergman | Paul Henreid | Peter Lorre
Directors : Michael Curtiz
Project Name : Casablanca
Related Items
Categories
Drama | Featured | Film Noir | Movies , TV & Gaming | Posters - Reprints | Romance | Throwback Space | War | Warner Bros .
The Super Bowl is the most watched event every year on TV and that means plenty of people who do n't care about football are tuning in , or joining friends for a Big Game gathering . The NFL knows this and so do the sportsbooks and that 's why the pregame and half-time entertainment is important and so are the associated prop bets , according to sister site Covers.com .
People won and lost money last year depending on what color hair Lady Gaga sported during the halftime show and by how many times the TV cameras turned to Gisele Bundchen during the game broadcast .
The prop wagers this year range from what will New England Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick be wearing on the sidelines ( my money 's on the cut-off hoodie ) to how many times will Al Michaels and Cris Collinsworth say “ Gronk ” during the game .
Here 's a look at the craziest and most fun prop bets on the board at BetDSI and our feeble attempt at handicapping them .
Halftime
Justin Timberlake returns to the Super Bowl halftime show for the first time since the infamous wardrobe malfunction involving Janet Jackson in 2004 . JT is out to prove he 's no boob ( sorry ) by giving a performance your pastor will love as much as your teenage niece .
Bettors can take a stab as to what song will open Timberlake 's show :
Ca n't Stop The Feeling ! +150
Sexyback +175
Rock Your Body +400
Cry Me A River +500
Mirrors +550
Filthy +750
True Colors +800
Love Never Felt So Good +900
What Goes Around…Comes Around +1000
Senorita +1250
Suit & Tie +1500
Field – Any Other Song +200
They performed Ca n't Stop the Feeling ! At the Oscars last year and the song was their first to hit No . 1 on the Billboard Top 100 in over 10 years when it topped in 2016 . The Super Bowl is about playing the hits and usually condensed versions to fit as many songs into the limited amount of time given .
Rock Your Body was the tune being performed when JT upper-body pantsed Janet Jackson , so they might want to nip ( sorry ) it in the bud and avoid the song altogether . SexyBack or Ca n't Stop the Feeling ! seem like the logical choices .
You can also bet the Yes/No on appearances made by other Timberlake performing friends like Britney Spears ( Yes +300 , No -500 ) , Janet Jackson ( Yes +400 , No -500 ) , Jay-Z ( Yes +300 , No -500 ) , Madonna ( Yes +400 , No -600 ) or any member of JT 's old boy band NSYNC ( Yes +150 , No -180 ) .
If Britney made an appearance and there was another costume failure , would the headline on the back page of the New York Post be “ Oops I Did It Again ” ?
Broadcast Booth
More and more play-by-play people are paying attention to pointspreads and totals , but Uncle Al has been on this corner since Sean McDonough was calling Syracuse Chiefs games . Bettors can gamble on if Al Michaels will say “ underdog ” ( Yes -1000 , No +450 ) , “ odds ” ( Yes -1000 , No +450 ) , “ pointspread ” ( Yes +360 , No -500 ) or “ Vegas ” ( +Yes 240 , No -300 ) while calling the contest .
Michaels has described their attention to the odds involving football games as their rascal tendency . My money is on gambling references early and often from the booth .
President Trump
Say what you will about the 45th President of the United States , but they are nothing if not interesting . One week everyone 's talking about Fake News awards the next it 's about Stormy Daniels and whether President Trump really did order a pizza with tiny pizzas as the toppings .
You can bet on whether Trump will attend the Super Bowl ( Yes +360 , No -500 ) , if he 'll do a pregame interview with NBC ( Yes +360 , No -500 ) and on how many times they tweet during the game – the over/underline is set at 5.5 .
Commercials
Peyton Manning retired from the NFL but they have graduated to company pitch man . They were in plenty of commercials during their playing days and they stuck the landing by giving an undercover promotion to Budweiser in their final game as a pro .
Oddsmakers have set the over/underline at 2.5 in the amount of TV commercials featuring Manning air during the telecast .
Postgame
The forced Gatorade bath for the winning head coach has become a Super Bowl staple . Sportsbooks have long posted odds on what color spills out at the end of the game . The options are :
Clear ( water ) +200
Green/Yellow +300
Red +500
Blue +500
Orange +750
No liquid thrown +1500
The Pats sudden-death victory in overtime last year meant no shower for Bill Belichick . Since 2000 , water has been dumped seven times , orange five ; yellow two , blue one and four finishes without a Gatorade bath .
Awwww Factor
Finally , multiple sportsbooks are allowing bettors to wager on the 14th annual Puppy Bowl on Animal Planet which pits Team Fluff ( -115 ) against Team Ruff ( -115 ) . If you 're not familiar , watch and learn .
Team Ruff has won two of the last three years but Team Fluff did win last year . That 's the type of trends and handicapping expertise our readers expect from us .
Editor 's note : This is piece was originally published on Covers.com , a sister site also owned by Tribune .
SANTA ANA , Calif. – Actor Harrison Ford flew over the top of a commercial airplane while landing their private aircraft after being instructed to use another location at John Wayne Airport on Monday , a source confirmed to KTLA .
The incident at the Santa Ana airport was first reported by NBC News and the source confirmed the information is accurate .
The mixup could result in the actor losing their pilot license , the news agency reported .
Air traffic controllers cleared Ford , who was piloting a single-engine Aviat Husky , to land on runway 20-L at the airport and Ford correctly read back the clearance , the source said .
Ford then landed on a taxiway that runs parallel to the runway and flew over a Boeing 737 .
NBC News reported that the American Airlines plane had 110 passengers and a six-person crew . The plane was able to safely take off to Dallas shortly after the incident , according to NBC News .
An air traffic control recording captured Ford asking “ Was that airliner meant to be underneath me ? ” NBC reported , and air traffic controllers told the actor that they had landed on the taxiway .
The Federal Aviation Administration is investigating the incident . The mishap could result in anything from a simple warning to suspension of Ford 's pilot license , the news agency reported .
Ford , 74 , has been involved in several crashes , including one in Venice on March 2015 .
They were piloting a small World War II era-plane when they crashed at a city golf course in Venice .
They underwent surgery after the incident and eventually recovered .
The actor crash-landed a helicopter in Ventura County during a lesson in 1999 , NBC News reported .
One year later , Ford 's six-seater Beechcraft Bonanza scraped the runway during an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska .
KTLA 's Jennifer Thang contributed to this story .
A high-powered explosive device blasted the entrance of a fast-food restaurant in central Limassol before dawn on Tuesday , causing extensive damage to the rest of the building .
Police said that at around 6am on Tuesday , a high-powered explosive device was placed in front of the glass door of the fast-food restaurant , owned by a 35-year-old , located at the intersection of Anexartisias and Athinon avenues .
The blast , caused extensive damage to the building , and the cost of the damage has not yet been calculated .
The crime scene was blocked by the police and forensic investigators were searching the area for clues .
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland 's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland 's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create , with `` Black Panther , '' and `` Avengers : Infinity War '' bringing in more than $ 3 billion combined and `` Ant-Man and the Wasp '' opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create , with `` Black Panther , '' and `` Avengers : Infinity War '' bringing in more than $ 3 billion combined and `` Ant-Man and the Wasp '' opening next week
It 's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S .
It 's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S .
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns , jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns , jeopardize national security
I never said that ! High-tech deception of 'deepfake ' videos
I never said that ! High-tech deception of 'deepfake ' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization , warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO does n't treat the U.S. `` properly , we will be doing something . ''
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization , warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO does n't treat the U.S. `` properly , we will be doing something . ''
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland 's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland 's capital
On July 4 , Americans celebrate their union , rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades , fireworks and , for some , a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation .
On July 4 , Americans celebrate their union , rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades , fireworks and , for some , a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Maddie Scaletta , center , waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Maddie Scaletta , center , waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews .
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews .
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip , File ) . FILE - In this June 26 , 2018 , file photo , a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center , which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , in Los Fresnos , Texas . Parents who h ...
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip , File ) . FILE - In this June 26 , 2018 , file photo , a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center , which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , in Los Fresnos , Texas . Parents who h ...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it 's just not clear when .
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it 's just not clear when .
( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan , File ) . FILE - In this Thursday , June 21 , 2018 , file photo , traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel , in Weehauken , N.J. , with the New York City skyline in the background . New Jersey towns along ...
( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan , File ) . FILE - In this Thursday , June 21 , 2018 , file photo , traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel , in Weehauken , N.J. , with the New York City skyline in the background . New Jersey towns along ...
Traffic 'nightmare ' for New York-bound motorists , but when ?
Traffic 'nightmare ' for New York-bound motorists , but when ?
Large wildfires are growing across the American West , keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires .
Large wildfires are growing across the American West , keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires .
( Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP ) . The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 in La Veta , Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire , while hundreds of ot ...
( Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP ) . The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 in La Veta , Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire , while hundreds of ot ...
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested .
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested .
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan 's hot dog eating contest .
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan 's hot dog eating contest .
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois .
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois .
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state 's largest utility .
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state 's largest utility .
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg ) . In this photo taken Wednesday , June 27 , 2018 , environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco . Arizona 's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl ...
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg ) . In this photo taken Wednesday , June 27 , 2018 , environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco . Arizona 's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl ...
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says they do n't regret moving from California to New Jersey so their daughter could receive care after being declared dead .
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says they do n't regret moving from California to New Jersey so their daughter could receive care after being declared dead .
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg , File ) . FILE - In this Oct. 3 , 2014 , file photo , Nailah Winkfield , left , and Omari Sealey , right , the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath , listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco . The mother of a girl at the ...
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg , File ) . FILE - In this Oct. 3 , 2014 , file photo , Nailah Winkfield , left , and Omari Sealey , right , the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath , listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco . The mother of a girl at the ...
Get ready to gobble ! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest .
Get ready to gobble ! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest .
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
By JENNIFER PELTZ and JAKE PEARSON
Associated Press
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Several people who hung a banner from the Statue of Liberty 's pedestal calling for abolishing the federal government 's chief immigration enforcement agency were arrested on July Fourth shortly before a person scaled the statue 's base , forcing its evacuation .
About 100 feet ( 30 meters ) aboveground , the climber alternately sat and lay by the bottom edge of the statue 's robes for more than two hours on Wednesday , news helicopter video showed . Police , standing on a ladder and a ledge nearby , tried to talk the climber into descending .
The climber made about a 25-foot ( 8-meter ) ascent from the monument 's observation point , National Park Service spokesperson Jerry Willis said . Visitors were forced to leave Liberty Island hours before its normal 6:15 p.m. closing time , they said .
Earlier and farther below , at least six people were taken into custody after unfurling a banner that read `` Abolish I.C.E. , '' Willis said . The message referred to Immigration and Customs Enforcement , a part of the Department of Homeland Security . ICE officers arrest and deport immigrants who are in the United States illegally , among other duties .
Willis said federal regulations prohibit hanging banners from the monument .
The activist group behind the banner , Rise and Resist , tweeted that the climber was n't connected to its demonstration and expressed concern for the climber 's safety .
The New York-based group opposes President Donald Trump 's administration and advocates ending deportations and family separations at the U.S.-Mexico border .
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the president 's immigration policy is a step forward for public safety .
Under Trump 's zero-tolerance policy , the government has begun requiring border agents to arrest and prosecute anyone caught entering the country illegally . That resulted in more than 2,000 children being separated from their parents within six weeks this spring .
Under public pressure , Trump later halted their policy of taking children from their detained parents . A federal judge in California ordered the Trump administration late last month to reunite the more than 2,000 children with their parents in 30 days , or 14 days in the case of those under age 5 .
`` Abolish ICE '' has become a rallying cry at some protests around the country and for some prominent Democratic officials seeking to boost their progressive credentials .
Trump said on Twitter last week that abolishing ICE will `` never happen ! ''
Protests and evacuations at the Statue of Liberty are rare but not unheard of .
Last February , someone hung a banner reading `` Refugees Welcome '' from the observation deck . The sign was taken down about an hour after being discovered .
A year earlier , a West Virginia man with psychological problems was sentenced to time served after calling in a bomb threat . Their call forced the evacuation of Liberty Island , sending 3,200 people on boats back to lower Manhattan and New Jersey .
The statue , a gift from France , was dedicated in 1886 . It became a welcoming symbol for immigrants and refugees coming to the U.S .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The United Arab Emirates will contribute $ 50.4 million to rebuild a mosque and cherished leaning minaret that were destroyed after the Iraqi city of Mosul was overrun by the Islamic State .
On Monday the UAE , Iraq and the United Nations signed an agreement that Audrey Azoulay , director-general of the U.N. 's cultural agency UNESCO , called `` a historic partnership . '' In a written statement , they said it was `` the largest and [ most ] unprecedented cooperation to rebuild cultural heritage in Iraq ever . ''
The Great Mosque of al-Nuri was built in the 12th century inside Mosul 's Old City . It was named after Nur al-Din Mahmoud Zangi , a Turkic ruler who unified Muslim forces during the Crusades . In July 2014 , ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi stood at the mosque 's pulpit and declared Iraq and Syria as the terrorist group 's `` caliphate . ''
As Iraqi security forces drew closer to Mosul in June 2017 , ISIS destroyed the structure and later used the explosion as propaganda , pinning the damage on a U.S.-led coalition airstrike . `` Jihadist supporters are using it to blame the West and Americans , '' Alberto Fernandez , then-vice president of the Middle East Media Research Institute , told USA Today .
Months after Mosul was liberated , the bodies of ISIS fighters still lay in the rubble near the mosque , NPR 's Jane Arraf reported in March . Thousands of homes in the city 's historic section were in ruins . and people had no electricity or running water .
Only a stump-like remnant remained of the famously tilted minaret known as al-Hadba , or the `` hunchback . ''
`` We need services , '' a Health Ministry employee told Arraf . `` They just need to take away the rubble . We need water tankers to come so we can drink clean water . If they get rid of the rubble and repair the streets , a man can rebuild with their own hands . ''
The Iraqi government has estimated that a minimum of $ 2 billion is needed to repair crumbling streets and homes .
The UAE funding is earmarked for restoring the cultural landmarks . But Louise Haxthausen , director of UNESCO 's Baghdad office , told NPR that the $ 50.4 million will still help the city . `` It will generate employment and allow the inhabitants to develop and acquire skills , '' they said .
But some Mosul residents pointed to other , more pressing needs . One teacher and photographer tweeted an appeal to `` please remove the rotten bodies first . ''
With a five-year timeline , the first year of the restoration will focus on clearing debris from the site , documenting items and drawing out details for reconstruction . The next four years will focus on the restoration of the mosque and surrounding buildings .
The reconstruction will preserve `` the original minaret with its distinctive hunchback lean , '' Haxthausen said .
A joint committee will supervise the rebuilding efforts , including members of the Emirati and Iraqi Ministries of Culture , UNESCO and the Iraqi Sunni Endowment , according to the Emirates News Agency .
Haxthausen said the restoration is a key part of a flagship UNESCO initiative called Reviving the Spirit of Mosul , which launched in February , to `` bring life back to the city . ''
The UAE and other Gulf countries have recently improved relations with Iraq , Arraf notes . Arab Gulf leaders for years refused to recognize Iraq 's Shiite-led government as legitimate .
US consumers are about to gain a rare window into the use of antibiotics in the food system , an issue of skyrocketing concern among public health groups , shoppers and physicians .
Critics have argued that the agricultural industry abuses these medicines , administering antibiotics to animals which do not need them and contributing to the rise of `` super bugs . ''
Consumer groups have complained that the public knows too little about how their food is raised - an issue compounded by a range of confusing labels .
But thanks to a new San Francisco city ordinance , due to be signed into law later this month , a number of the country 's top meat and poultry brands will soon have to share far more details about their antibiotic use .
Under the rule , which passed the city 's Board of Supervisors unanimously on Tuesday , grocery stores will be required to document antibiotic use in the meat and poultry brands they sell and make the information available , via a city website , to consumers .
The ordinance will affect a number of supermarket chains with branches in San Francisco - including Safeway and Target - as well as their suppliers , which include Smithfield , Perdue and Tyson .
Both the grocery and meat processing industries described the new rule as an unfair burden .
Supporters say they hope it will bring much needed transparency to the national food system .
`` We think this is a really important step forward , '' said Avinash Kar , a senior attorney at the Natural Resources Defense Council . `` These are national brands , and we have , for the first time , a window into how they use antibiotics . ''
Like humans , animals raised for meat - including cows , pigs and chickens - receive antibiotics when they 're sick to fend off bacterial infections .
The Food and Drug Administration banned the use of antibiotics for the sole purpose of promoting growth earlier this year .
But in many feedlots and broiler houses , animals continue to receive routine , preventive doses of antibiotics , designed to keep illnesses from spreading in close living quarters .
None of these uses pose an immediate threat to human health . Federal law regulates the safety of antibiotics on the market and the timing of dosages to make sure residues do not linger in your steak , pork chops or chicken .
Recently , however , public health and environmental groups have warned that high rates of antibiotic use in animal agriculture may contribute to the evolution of antibiotic-resistant `` superbugs '' that can not be managed with traditional treatments .
Studies suggest that these bacteria , which evolve in the guts of poultry and livestock , can be passed to humans .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 2 million people are sickened every year by antibiotic-resistant bacteria , from any source .
And demand for antibiotic-free meat is growing among consumers .
A 2016 report by Nielsen found that sales of `` antibiotic-free meat '' grew nearly 29 percent each year between 2011 and 2015 , compared to just under 5 percent for conventional meat .
An earlier survey by Consumer Reports found 86 percent of consumers wanted meats raised without routine antibiotics available at their supermarkets .
In response to these concerns , much meat , restaurant and grocery brands have taken steps to reduce or eliminate the use of antibiotics in their supply chains - as McDonald 's did with chicken in 2016 .
The San Francisco ordinance seeks to push the industry further , requiring grocery stores to document - for each meat and poultry brand they sell - the average number of days each animal received antibiotics , the percentage of animals affected and the total volume of antibiotics administered by that brand .
Ostensibly , the rule only applies to grocery and food retail stores with at least one location in San Francisco and a worldwide total of 25 stores or more .
But because that encompasses national chains including Safeway , Target , Costco , Whole Foods , Trader Joe 's , Walgreens and CVS , the impact could be felt much further .
National meat brands that retail at those stores will also have to disclose how they use antibiotics .
Public health and environmental groups hope the measure will put pressure on the meat and grocery industries to stock products with lower levels of antibiotics .
`` Consumers really care about this issue , and they have a lot of influence on the marketplace , '' Kar said . `` So we hope that will push companies in the direction of better antibiotic use practices . ''
But the North American Meat Institute , a national trade organisation , and the California Grocers Association warned in comments submitted to the Board of Supervisors that the additional requirements could cause some brands to pull out of San Francisco and make meat and poultry in the city more expensive .
That was the outcome of California 's last groundbreaking animal agriculture law , which required that chickens , hogs and cattle destined for state markets be raised above a minimum amount of space .
A study from economists at Purdue University found that prices jumped 33 percent immediately after the law went into effect in 2015 .
`` The San Francisco ordinance . . . is a recipe for failure , '' Barry Carpenter , the chief executive of the North American Meat Institute , said in a statement to The Washington Post .
`` The significant costs associated with the segregation and record-keeping for meat and poultry products to be sold in San Francisco will increase the cost of meat and poultry for consumers there and reduce options available . ''
Some farmers are also worried the movement against antibiotics could prejudice consumers against their use for any reason .
`` I see my cattle every day like some of your readers see their dogs , '' said James O'Brien , a horse breeder and cattle rancher in South Texas . `` If they get sick , I want to treat them . To me , not using antibiotics is the inhumane practice . ''
2017 © The Washington Post
This article was originally published by The Washington Post .
WEST Coast will put the X-factor into AFLX next week , as they prepare to unveil freakish forward talents Willie Rioli and Liam Ryan , as well as speed machine Jack Petruccelle , in the concept 's debut tournament in Adelaide .
The Eagles are planning to field a rookie line-up almost exclusively made up of first and second-year players for the February 15 event and exciting trio Rioli , Ryan and Petruccelle have been slated to make their first appearances in club colours .
A slimmed-down Rioli is set to be rewarded for their strong summer on the track after losing about 7kg since the end of last season and getting on top of the hamstring problems that ruined their first year at the Eagles .
The 22-year-old goalsneak , who grew up on the remote Tiwi Islands , said they slashed 10 seconds from their personal best time in the 2km time trial and they were now down to their ideal playing weight of about 78kg .
Camera Icon Liam Ryan is set to bring their high-flying antics to AFLX . Picture : Daniel Wilkins
“ It 's been a big learning curve for me this pre-season , but a successful one , ” Rioli told The Sunday Times .
“ I guess coming from a small community , I was n't really big on being a professional athlete .
“ Getting a full pre-season under my belt has definitely helped and being injury free and getting every session done has been a bonus this year .
“ You do n't want to base your pre-season on AFLX , but it would be good to show people that I can play . ”
High-flying Subiaco recruit Ryan is on track to get their chance to shine in the seven-a-side rectangular game , while Petruccelle , who recorded the fastest 20m sprint time of any of last year 's draftees , has also been part of the young team that has worked together at training .
West Coast have been placed in Pool B with Adelaide and Collingwood for the tournament at Hindmarsh Stadium next Thursday . Fremantle is in Pool A with Port Adelaide and Geelong so the WA clubs will only meet in an AFLX derby if both progress to the final .
Pennsylvania Ballet 's 'Jewels ' shines at the Academy of Music May 11
Summer dance : BalletX , Group Motion , and a 15-hour show you 're invited to drop in on anytime
Summer dance : BalletX , Group Motion , and a 15-hour show you 're invited to drop in on anytime May 30
Ellen Dunkel is the digital news editor and dance critic for the Inquirer , the Daily News , and Philly.com
The dance scene tends to slow down in the summer , but this year Group Motion is celebrating its 50th anniversary and BalletX will present a world premiere . It 's also a fun time to watch something new , from Bharatanatyam Indian classical dance and “ dance circus theater ” to a show you can attend any time during daylight hours .
Here 's what 's on :
Philly Kerplop ( June 14 , Performance Garage ) . “ Thunk Dun Spun ” is a dance and music piece for all ages that features humor , athleticism , and groove . Want to dance yourself ? Audience members may stay for a break-dance workshop with dancer Mark Wong after the show . ( phillykerplop.com )
Vervet Dance ( June 16 and Sept. 15 , the Iron Factory , 118 Fountain St. , 3rd Floor ) . When is the showtime for the work “ In the Light ” ? Any time you want , between sunrise and sunset . You can attend the June performance between 5:31 a.m. and 8:31 p.m . The September show is 6:43 a.m.-7:48 p.m . Audience members can come and go as they please . ( 215-280-7166 , vervetdance.org )
Leah Stein Dance Company ( various dates June 25-Aug. 17 , Art Room Studio , 2329 S. Third St. , 2nd Floor ) . Looking to discover the next big thing before anyone else does ? Leah Stein Dance Company is holding a residency for emerging artists in performance , and they will be presenting work throughout the summer . ( 215-432-1806 , leahsteindanceco.org )
Almanac Dance Circus Theatre ( June 26-28 , Christ Church Neighborhood House ) . Nicole Burgio will present a one-woman show , “ xoxo moongirl , ” based on their story of a girl growing up in a troubled home who longed to escape to the moon . It will include stories , aerials , balance work , and magic . ( thealmanac.us )
Group Motion 50 Years ( June 30 , Performance Garage ) . Group Motion grew out of an organization that started in 1962 in Germany , Motion Berlin , and has now been dancing in Philadelphia for half a century . The company will celebrate with a gala performance featuring current dancers , alumni , and collaborators — including director Brigitta Herrmann . ( 215-387-9895 , danceboxoffice.com )
Three Aksha ( July 3 , Painted Bride Art Center ) . This show , “ Sajeeva , ” is not only a chance to see Bharatanatyam , a form of Indian classical dance . It is also the final performance in the beautiful and pathbreaking Painted Bride . ( 215-925-9914 , paintedbride.org )
BalletX ( July 11-22 , Wilma Theater ) . BalletX 's final program of the season will feature three world premieres , by award-winning choreographers Penny Saunders ( a 2016 Princess Grace choreographic fellow ) , company co-founder Matthew Neenan , and BalletX choreographic fellow Andrew McNicol . The Saunders piece will have original music by Rosie Langabeer , who with Neenan co-created the highly regarded Sunset , o639 Hours . ( 215-546-7824 , balletx.org )
Sean Thomas Boyt ( July 17 , Performance Garage ) . This one-man show , “ Dance like no one likes you , ” focuses on “ the plight of a freelance dancer lost in the gig economy and their mundane interests , ” which include Japanese pop stars . ( stbdancing.com )
Asya Zlatina and Dancers ( Aug. 14 , Roger F. Wagner Park , 20 Battery Place , New York ) . Former Koresh dancer Zlatina has had some impressive gigs lately , including a showing at the Kennedy Center . You can see their company this summer if you head to our neighbor to the north , where their company will be performing at New York 's Battery Dance Festival . The performance reprises a show Zlatina choreographed for the 2016 Philly Fringe , “ Barry : Mamaloshen in Dance ! ” celebrating Yiddish culture . ( 240-482-6658 , batterydance.org )
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have been reeling , and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out .
Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21 . It began Wednesday 's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season .
`` We 've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it , '' Callaway said .
The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its last six games . New York has 11 players on the disabled list , including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier , reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud .
The Mets believe they dodged a couple of major injuries Tuesday when ace Noah Syndergaard was placed on the DL with a strained ligament in their right index finger and Steven Matz left their start in the fourth inning with a mild strain in their left middle finger .
But so much has gone wrong that Callaway is wondering what might happen next . Just in the last three days , New York has had nine relievers go on or off the active roster .
`` I have n't slept in a week — well , at least , '' they said . `` We 're just trying to think of ways to get out . What can we do ? What can we stress ? How can we react today ? What conversations can we have with which players ? We have to try to continue to get out of what 's going on . ''
Callaway almost marveled at the near-perfect storm of injuries and poor performance . Balls have dropped between outfielders . Baserunners have been picked off in the same inning . Hitting with runners in scoring position has been suspect .
The roster keeps churning over , too .
`` I think we have made 17 roster moves in the past four days , '' assistant general manager John Ricco said . `` That 's going to tax any team . ''
Three lions from a South Korea zoo that were involved in a zookeeper 's death were recently welcomed to a new home in Colorado .
Scroll for more content ...
In February 2015 , three lions at the Children 's Grand Park Zoo in Seoul became the center of a controversy after one or more of them killed an animal keeper that was installing equipment in the enclosure .
Following the attack , the deceased man 's family and others called for the lions to be euthanized . The Korean Animal Welfare Association , the largest animal welfare agency in the country , opposed this move and were able to spare the animals ' lives until a suitable , permanent home could be found for them .
It took three and a half year , but those lions finally have a new home at The Wild Animal Sanctuary in Keenesburg , about 45 minutes northeast of Denver .
While in South Korea , the male and female lions and their 2-year-old cub had been living in separate concrete holding cages away from the public since the attack in 2015 . The Wild Animal Sanctuary said the cub suffered from a severe vitamin A deficiency while in Korea and has only known life on concrete , so vets will keep on eye on it as it recovers .
The lions , which are now in Colorado , are beginning the rehabilitation and adaption process that will soon lead to their release onto a 15-acre natural habitat with trees , dens , shade structures and other features .
The Wild Animal Sanctuary is the largest nonprofit carnivore sanctuary in the world , with more than 450 rescued lions , tigers , bear , wolves , leopards and other carnivores living in large acreage natural habitats .
Posted by admin on January 2 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Cape Town . 180411 . The Novus printing plant in Marconi Beam , Milnerton . Listed printing and packaging firm Novus Holdings yesterday said it had signed a new printing deal with Independent Media . Picture Henk Kruger/ANA/African News Agency
JOHANNESBURG - Listed printing and packaging firm Novus Holdings yesterday said it had signed a new printing deal with Independent Media , in a move that could soften the blow of losing a portion of Media24 's printing work earlier this year .
Novus said the contract , which starts on August 1 , would contribute strongly to group volumes . It said Independent Media would continue with in-house production at its facilities .
The new deal comes amid a decline in the group 's print revenue . In the year to the end of March , Novus 's print revenue was down 8.8percent . The company experienced a fall in volume across all printing categories .
Novus previously said it had been unable to grow its market share of about 65percent , because the market was fiercely competitive . The group had announced a strategy to diversify its revenue away from print , given the declining revenue in the contracting print market .
Novus chief executive Neil Birch said yesterday the South African printing market had matured .
Cape Town . 180411 . Peter Metcalfe , group executive for sales and marketing at Novus Holdings at the Novus plant in Marconi Beam , Milnerton . Picture Henk Kruger/ANA/African News Agency
The company said in March this year that the re-negotiated contract with Media24 would have “ a substantial adverse impact ” on its earnings and headline earnings for the current financial year .
Mitigate
The new deal comes shortly after Novus lost a portion of Media24 's printing work . As a result , said Birch , the Independent Media contract would mitigate some of the reduction of the Media24 printing agreement in certain regions , “ and will provide the opportunity to re-create a number of recently lost jobs in the printing division ” .
Novus said the printing contract with Independent Media included 53 newspaper titles , made up of dailies , weeklies and monthlies , for a period of five years , with the exception of Isolezwe News , Pretoria News and The Post , which are for two years , with an option to renew .
Novus Holdings would also print Independent Media 's national magazine titles for five years , including Fast Company , African Independent , Personal Finance , House & Garden , GQ Style and Glamour .
“ This contract is proof that the group is moving in the right direction , especially as we contemplate the impact of a shifting operating landscape on our business , and redefine how we respond to these challenges , ” said Birch .
Novus shares on the JSE yesterday closed 0.61percent lower at R3.27 .
- BUSINESS REPORT
By Ted Nuyten
Mannatech has launched GinMAX™ , a powerful , dual-layer ginseng product that is the first of its kind .
This unique dual-layer tablet is created with the world 's first fermented white Panax ginseng and is combined with a potent fermented red Panax ginseng , making GinMAX the most advanced ginseng supplement in the world .
The white ginseng fermentation process is designed to be better absorbed for increased efficiency , while the fermented red ginseng metabolizes later . In short , it can work faster and last longer than other ginseng products . *
“ Ginseng is a very popular and potent herb , but it has become commonplace , ” said Mannatech CEO and President , Alfredo “ Al ” Bala .
“ At Mannatech , we 're constantly seeking ways to make wellness solutions better and improve the overall user experience . We are beyond excited to bring GinMAX to our customers as an answer to their demand for a natural ginseng supplement that is formulated to be fast-acting and long-lasting .
I believe this new offering will also open a new market of customers previously unfamiliar with Mannatech as they discover our matchless quality and expert technology in this advanced health and wellness supplement. ” *
As one of the world 's most powerful herbs , ginseng has been used for thousands of years to address many aspects of human health , including fatigue and focus . Now , Mannatech technology captures bioactive ingredients in ginseng through a leading-edge fermentation process to bring a revolutionary and potent ginseng experience with GinMAX .
“ GinMAX tablets can help you fight off fatigue naturally while helping with energy , focus and memory * , ”
said Dr. Steve Nugent , Mannatech 's Senior Global Wellness Director and Chairman of Mannatech 's Global Scientific Advisory Board .
“ This revolutionary ginseng combination is an innovation of Eastern traditions mixed with Western science .
GinMAX can give you mental focus that 's unrivaled by other ginseng products . This is n't just to help you tackle the day , it can help you take on the week. ” *
GinMAX tablets are now available for purchase in the United States and will be made available to additional markets around the world later this year . For more information on GinMAX , click here .
Source : : https : //www.businessforhome.org/2017/04/mannatech-launches-ginmax-a-dual-layer-ginseng-product/
Custom Dental Ear Plugs Provide Dentists A Way To Stop Rapid Rise Of Tinnitus In The Industry
Big Ear Inc , a company that specializes in products that provide hearing protection , has released The One®Dental Protection Premium Series . The custom dental earplugs were created to prevent dentists from enduring low-level noise that affects hearing while still being able to hear patients and colleagues throughout the day .
The dental industry has seen a spike in dentists developing tinnitus and hearing loss . Due to the equipment used in dental clinics on a daily basis , dentists constantly put their hearing at risk . The One® 's revolutionary design and features allows dentists to eliminate noise while still being able to communicate easily and effectively .
The One®is a set of custom dental ear plugs worn by a dentist while working with patients . The earplugs allow a dentist to hear their or their patients clearly . It also enables a dentist to hear others within the room . The major difference with The One®and other earplugs used by professionals is the feeling that dentists get from the protection device . The One®is light and it does n't cause the wearer to miss out on important dialogue with a patient or a colleague . Its simple eliminates the sounds that damages hearing over the long-term .
Big Ear 's TheOne®works using two filters . The main filter reduces the sound that enters the device , while the second filter allows natural sound to move through the custom dental earplugs . The second filter makes hearing natural sounds possible until the noise pressure reaches 85 dbs . Once the figure is reached , the pressure is unable to pass through the device . This is one of the ways the custom dental earplugs prevent dentists from suffering hearing loss .
Throughout the day , dentists are bombarded by natural and unnatural noises that damage hearing . Dentists must hear patients while the sounds of suction and drills ring out all day long . The custom dental earplugs will give dentists the opportunity to eliminate unwanted sounds and preserve their hearing .
TheOne®Premium Series comes with four sets of filters , one set of silicon full stop earplugs , one set of lanyard plugs , one tactical piece for interoffice communication , one lanyard and one premium case .
For more information please visit https : //bigearinc.com/product/premium-dentist-custom-earplugs-the-one/ .
Contact : Big Ear Inc
Name : Glenn Hood
Website : https : //www.bigearinc.com
Email : ghood @ bigearinc.com
Phone : 719-271-9081
Address:231 Oleander Mill Dr .
City : Columbia
State : SC
Zip : 29229
Country : United States
1:55 Gilbert 's Chad Leaphart : This win was for a lot of people Pause
2:50 Highlights : Gilbert defeats Brookland-Cayce , 33-14
2:06 Confederate flag ignites battle between private Columbia school , parent says it 's their right
0:56 Jacquez Terrell after rushing for 112 yards and two touchdowns in Spring Valley 's 42-21 win over Irmo
2:30 Postgame comments from Lexington 's win over River Bluff
6:35 Dabo Swinney previews matchup with 'very good ' Wake Forest team
1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son 's encounter with would-be kidnapper
3:11 Game preview : Difficult tasks await USC against Arkansas
2:34 Ryan Carter thankful to have Dabo Swinney 's support
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Units of Galway Fire Brigade attended a fire in Carraroe in the early hours of this morning .
Two units responded shortly after 2am to a blaze at a house in the village .
It took fire crews several hours to bring the fire under control and they remained at the scene until a short time ago .
It 's understood the house was not occupied at the time and no-one was injured during the incident .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
New dancer for the upcoming series of this year 's edition of Strictly Come Dancing have been revealed .
Three new world-class performers will be taking to the floor after it was announced that Brendan Cole and Chloe Hewitt would not be returning for the next series .
Italian stallion Graziano Di Prima , South African Latin champion Johannes Radebe and four-time Italian Dance Championship winner Luba Mushtuk are the new professionals , the Mirror is reporting .
( Image : BBC/PA Wire )
Graziano , 24 , born in Sicily , represented Belgium at the World Champions and made the top 24 at the Latin World Championships when they were under 21 .
They have most recently toured the world with dance company Burn The Floor , like fellow Strictly pros Kevin Clifton and Janette Manrara .
Graziano said : `` This is my dream come true ! I still ca n't believe I will be one of the professional dancers on Strictly Come Dancing .
`` I ca n't wait to give all of myself on the dance floor ! ”
And 31-year-old Johannes has also won a great deal of Latin competitions , including the South African Latin Championships , both professional and amateur .
This is not their first time on the Strictly , as they competed as a pro dancer for two seasons on Strictly Come Dancing South Africa , where they reached the final both times .
They said : `` Joining Strictly Come Dancing is one of the greatest achievements of my dancing career . It is such an honour to be chosen to be a part of an incredible cast and be part of one of the biggest shows that is celebrated worldwide .
`` I can not wait to get started and experience the magic with the UK ! ”
( Image : BBC )
Finally , Russian-born Luba , 28 , was ranked second in the European 10 Dance Championships and has won the ITalian Dance Championship four times , before they became a dancer on Burn The Floor and the Strictly Come Dancing Live tour .
They have also worked closely with Strictly pros Kevin , Karen Clifton and Giovanni Pernice on their dance tours , as well as working as an assistant choreographer for group routines on Strictly since 2016 .
They said : `` Words can not express how thrilled I am to do what I love most on the greatest show on earth !
`` I am super excited and so thankful for this priceless opportunity . I ca n't wait to get started as a professional dancer on Strictly ... bring on the sparkle ! ”
This brings up the number of dancers to 18 , making it the biggest line up ever .
The show will be back on the BBC in Autumn 2018 .
Shoppers line up on a Thanksgiving weekend at the Best Buy on Two Notch Road . SEAN RAYFORD
DPS Investigating Head On Bus Crash
Update from the Bryan DPS office :
The preliminary investigation indicates at approximately 6:30 a.m. , a southbound 1996 Dodge pick-up crossed over the center stripe and struck head-on a northbound school bus , just north of Millican .
The driver of the school bus , Brian Colbert , 30 , from Navasota , along with a bus driving instructor and two students on the bus were transported by ambulances to Scott & White Hospital in College Station with non-life threatening injuries .
A third student was picked up at the scene by a parent .
The driver of the dodge pick-up , Gary Eastep , 24 , of College Station , was also transported to Scott & White Hospital by ambulance with serious injuries .
Original story :
Local law enforcement is investigating a head on crash involving a Navasota ISD school bus around 6:30 a.m. this morning on FM 159 in Brazos County .
DPS Trooper Jimmy Morgan said a southbound pickup truck entered into the path of the northbound school bus .
Three children were on board the bus .
Morgan said two of the children and both drivers were taken to Scott and White Hospital in College Station . The third student was picked up by a parent .
FOXBOROUGH , Mass . — Teal Bunbury scored on a penalty kick in the 88th minute as the New England Revolution tied Atlanta United 1-1 on Wednesday night .
New England ( 5-4-4 ) has one win in its last five games — with two straight draws . Atlanta ( 8-3-2 ) had won four straight on the road .
Krisztian Nemeth drew the late foul in the corner of the penalty box after capitalizing on a defensive turnover . Atlanta goalkeeper Brad Guzan chose the right direction but Bunbury found the upper-right corner . Guzan was given a yellow card for kicking the ball into the stands after the goal .
Josef Martinez opened the scoring for Atlanta in the 23rd minute by redirecting Julian Gressel 's cross . It was Martinez 's league-leading ninth goal of the season .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Throughout the month of April and May The Alliance of SWMO has been placing mini libraries at several locations in Southwest Missouri . These mini libraries are called `` Wonderland Library Bookshelves '' . The bookshelves will have books available to read while kids are in the waiting areas of the locations , and if they wish to take the book with them they are able to do so for no cost .
Below is a list of the locations a Wonderland Library is available :
Newton County Children 's Division 201 N. Washington Neosho , MO .
Newton County Health Department 812 W. Harmony Neosho , MO .
Newton County Health Dept . ( WIC ) 812 W. Harmony Neosho , MO .
McDonald Cnty . Health Dept . 500 Olin St. Pineville , MO .
McDonald Cnty . Children 's Div . 929 N. Business HWY 17 Anderson , MO .
Barton Cnty . Health Dept . 1301 E. 12th St. Lamar , MO .
These efforts were made possible through a grant provided by Family and Community Trust . This grant will allow for us to provide books to children in the age range of 0-10 years of age . We hope to provide 600+ books to help promote a healthy relationship of reading with children and their families .
We know parents want the best for their child , and we invite them to begin a parenting practice which will benefit their child ( ren ) the rest of their life . Studies show reading with children at home 20 minutes a day from birth through elementary school learn to read well and are typically proficient readers by third grade .
The Alliance is dedicated to making the four-states area a safer , healthier community . The Wonderland Library Bookshelves would not be possible without our partnership with FACT ( Family and Community Trust ) and our Bookshelf locations and their dedication to providing educational opportunities to youth .
Good morning , here are our early stories :
-- International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Peace Prize .
-- Las Vegas Shooter 's Life Comes Into Focus , But Not Their Motive .
-- Speaking Freely , Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP They Could Oppose Tax Plan .
And here are more early headlines :
Trump 's Cryptic Reference To `` Calm Before The Storm '' . ( NBC )
Nate Predicted To Hit U.S. Gulf Coast As A Hurricane . ( NHC )
U.K. Leader Says They Have Support After Speech With Mishaps . ( BBC )
Questions About Catalonia 's Independence Effort . ( New York Times )
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
Pottstown took on the YMCA - and won . They 're saving themselves along the way . | Maria Panaritis
Pottstown took on the YMCA - and won . They 're saving themselves along the way . | Maria Panaritis May 26
My child has never known their grandmom . But somehow they found their spring flower | Maria Panaritis
My child has never known their grandmom . But somehow they found their spring flower | Maria Panaritis May 30
Maria Panaritis is a columnist who strikes across Pennsylvania and its most populated region -- the political battleground Pennsylvania suburbs . They aim for any story that cuts through the noise and gives you the real deal . Maria has been an award-winning regional reporter , business writer and columnist , investigative reporter , and immigration beat writer , and has reported nationally and internationally , since joining The Philadelphia Inquirer in 1998 .
These zinnias made their way to columnist Maria Panaritis ' house over the Memorial Day weekend in a peculiar way , making for a spring planting ritual that became anything but ordinary .
The mission at Lancaster County 's legendary Shady Maple shopping bazaar , as far as my husband and I had imagined , was pretty cut-and-dry : Find a bunch of vegetable and herb plants . Buy them . Take them home . Plant them . The last thing on my mind was a long-dead woman named Panagiota .
But something about our tagalongs did n't seem right . Our sons were atypically distracted as I stockpiled Hungarian wax peppers , grape tomatoes , jalapeños , and basil plants into a shopping cart . The 5-year-old and their 4-year-old sidekick were obsessed with picking out flowers . And the littler one , in particular , seemed as though an invisible pied piper had taken control of theirs mind .
On any other day this kid would tell you their favorite color is lellow . And let me tell you — there were plenty of pretty yellow flowers among the smorgasbord of spring blooms in this makeshift mart staffed by a woman in Amish garb . But lellow , for some peculiar reason , was n't cutting it for this kid . I would n't learn until Memorial Day exactly why .
“ Daddy , ” they agitated . “ I want orange . ”
My 6-foot-tall spouse scanned the place but saw no such color poking from the sea of greenery . I , meanwhile , had my head buried in tangles of vegetable plants , oblivious to this side drama unfolding between father and sons .
The little guy , my husband would later explain to me , was undaunted . They seemed to know where to find what they were looking for . They led their dad to a hard-to-see nook at the end of an aisle where , lo and behold , there it was : a patch of single-bloom flowers with orange petals that looked like fireworks sprouting from green stems with fat green leaves . The boy smiled proudly .
“ Oh ! ” Daddy exclaimed . “ Orange ! ”
They grabbed two , and their older brother claimed pink and yellow ones . All four plants got thrown into the shopping cart and we went home to suburban Philly .
Two days later , on the very Memorial Day holiday that brings many of our deceased close to mind , I found myself sitting on the back patio , slumped over an iPhone in search of online flower gardening tips . The two dozen tomatoes , peppers , cukes , and herbs at my feet were n't the concern ; it was those flowers the boys had insisted on bringing home . How do I not kill those babies ?
My mom , a Greek farmer who 'd immigrated here from an agrarian village , had spent the early years of my childhood growing lush string beans , cucumbers , tomatoes , and peppers on the side of our house along the Upper Darby trolley tracks . They also grew incredible rosebushes and , from time to time , flowers from seed . What did I know ? I figured this was all as easy as turning on a garden hose .
I did n't realize until after they died , when I was 26 , that it is far easier to kill plants than to grow them . That my mother had skills . A gift , even . I 've spent years learning just a sliver of the craftsmanship she 'd developed in southern Greece 's olive-farming culture before leaving that difficult life for a shot in America .
By now , I 'm proud to say : Veggies ? Check . But flowers ? I still murder them .
So imagine my surprise as I went searching the web for flower wisdom a few days ago .
My boys were making their usual ruckus of jumping puddles and chasing bubbles in the driveway . The neighbors were holding a Memorial Day picnic . And I was doing a Google search of what the pokey little flower label calls Magellan Mix . They 're pretty and , well , oddly familiar to me .
Google informs me they are zinnias .
All of a sudden , I remember . The memory flashes before me like a sunburst . There was a year that my mom planted zinnias from seed in front of our house . Zinnias , yes . They were magical and beautiful and such a sea of color amid the gray concrete of life along the tracks . Maybe I was 10 ? Maybe younger ?
It struck me that this quite possibly was a message from my mother to us all . Somehow , my boys had found their flowers at Shady Maple — and insisted that they join the vegetable garden that was , in my own mind , an annual tribute to that woman named Panagiota .
As I got to planting it all a short time later , I could n't help but think about the soil and all of its great mysteries . The earth that buries our dead also brings new things to life . And that — as I am reminded every time the days grow long — is the true miracle of spring .
Share . Metal is leaving no stone unturned . Metal is leaving no stone unturned .
DC has chosen to reveal ( via The Washington Post ) the big cliffhanger moment from Dark Nights : Metal # 1 ahead of the issue 's release this Wednesday . Scroll down if you want to find out what happens .
Warning : this article contains spoilers for Dark Nights : Metal # 1 !
Dark Nights : Metal involves the debut of a twisted realm known as the Dark Multiverse and a mystery involving Thanagarian Nth Metal that dates back to the earliest days of humanity . Apparently that mystery is so important that one of the oldest and most powerful beings in DC lore is getting involved . Metal # 1 ends on a big cliffhanger moment as Batman is confronted by none other than Dream , of Sandman fame .
While this is n't the first time DC 's heroes have crossed paths with characters from Sandman , it 's not something that happens often . Dream and their Endless siblings simply operate on a different cosmic scale than the Justice League . The fact that Dream would take time out of their busy schedule to confer with a mortal ( even someone like Batman ) is the clearest sign yet that Metal is going to be a story with huge ramifications for the DC Universe .
Nor does it sound like this will be a quick cameo for the Lord of Dreams . “ [ Dream ] has some very key moments that spin the story in its essential directions , ” Snyder told The Post . “ At the same time , really is a Justice League story focused on their discovery of the Dark Multiverse and the invasion with these evil Batmen [ now ] here and the desperate attempt to stop that using Nth metal . ”
Gaiman is famously protective of their Sandman characters , going so far as to write much of Death 's dialogue when they appeared in the 2010 's Action Comics # 894 . Snyder revealed that they conferred with Gaiman while developing the story for Metal and received their blessing to use Dream . “ I was so excited . It was one of the greatest days of my professional life , ” Snyder said . “ [ Gaiman ] could n't have been more generous . I just want to say thank you to them for sharing such an incredibly special character with us . It 's literally one of the best moments of my career , to be able to get to write a character that meant so much to me growing up and still does . ”
Will Metal open the door for more interplay between the Justice League and the Vertigo universe ? Let us know what you think of this unexpected twist in the comments below .
Jesse is a mild-mannered writer for IGN . Allow them to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @ jschedeen on Twitter , or Kicksplode on MyIGN .
Here 's the brand-new poster of Trapped starring Rajkummar Rao in the lead . The film revolves around an interesting tale of survival where a man is trapped in a house for days without food and water .
The film 's screening at the 18th Jio MAMI film festival received a standing ovation from the audience and is touted to be Rao 's best performance till date .
Check out the new poster here :
Directed by Vikramaditya Motwane , the film is slated to release on 17th March .
A A
STANFORD , Calif. — Michael Humphrey scored eight of their 18 points in the final 3:36 to help Stanford avoid a second-half collapse and beat Washington 76-69 on Saturday night .
The Cardinal ( 10-8 , 2-4 Pac-12 ) scored 11 straight and closed the game on a 13-6 run . The Huskies ( 8-9 , 1-4 ) rallied from a 45-24 deficit to tie it at 63 on David Crisp 's 3-pointer with 4:15 left .
Crisp finished with 10 points and Markelle Fultz scored 24 of their 33 points in the second half for the Huskies . Fultz was 10 of 17 in the half as they reached their third 30-point game of their career and the first since scoring a season-best 35 against Cal State Fullerton on Nov. 17 .
Fultz made a pair of free throws with 12:26 remaining to play to pull the Huskies within 51-43 of Stanford . A little more than a minute later , a Fultz steal and ensuing layup made it 54-49 , forcing a Cardinal timeout .
Marcus Allen scored a season-high 15 points and Humphrey grabbed 10 rebounds for Stanford , which played the final 25 minutes without leading scorer Reid Travis . Robert Cartwright and Dorian Pickens each added 13 points .
Washington made 9 of 18 shots coming out of the intermission while the Cardinal missed 11 of 13 to open the second half .
Stanford made seven straight shots during a 17-4 run that put the Cardinal ahead by 15 in the final four minutes of the first half .
The Cardinal made 16 of their first 25 shots and finished 60 percent for the half . The Huskies ' 24 first-half points were their second fewest in a half this season .
BIG PICTURE
Washington : Despite the rocky start to the Huskies ' conference season , first-year student Markelle Fultz continues to showcase their all-around game . They entered the game with 100 assists in 16 games , the second-fastest to 100 at Washington . They need to average 3.4 assists a game ( he 's averaging 6.3 ) to match the first-year student record of 151 . He 's also the second-leading first-year student scorer in the nation . Senior team captain Malik Dime missed their second straight game with a broken finger on their right hand .
Stanford : The Cardinal won their second straight after a 0-4 start to the Pac-12 slate . Junior forward Reid Travis left the court with 5:39 remaining in the first half and was escorted straight the locker room . They were favoring their right side after hitting the floor hard when they were fouled trying to score . Travis missed two games recently with a right shoulder injury and was cleared to play in time for Thursday 's game against
UP NEXT
The Huskies host Colorado on Wednesday .
The Cardinal visit Oregon State on Thursday .
March 19 ( UPI ) -- A Tennessee man was indicted Monday on several charges for a mass shooting at church outside Nashville in September that killed one person and injured several others .
Emanuel K. Samson , 26 , faces 43 criminal charges , including murder , attempted murder , civil rights intimidation , reckless endangerment and 24 counts of aggravated assault for allegedly opening fire during Sunday services at Burnette Chapel Church of Christ on Sept. 24 , the according to police records .
Police say Samson gunned down and murdered Melanie Crow as they were walking to their car in the church parking lot . They then allegedly went into the church and shot six other people .
`` It was just major chaos . I did n't see the shooter until they came through the door , '' Danny Carter , a congregant at the church , told CNN in September . `` I basically hollered for people to get down and at that point the shooter was basically the only one up moving until Mr. Engle saw them and confronted him . ''
Robert Engle , a 22-year-old church usher , was credited with stopping Samson during the rampage . Police said Engle confronted Samson and the got into a struggle Samson pistol-shipped Engle but shot themselves in the chest . Engle then went to their car , got their weapon , and held Samson at gunpoint until police arrived .
Samson will be arraigned on March 28 .
“ When Apple released the cellular-capable Apple Watch Series 3 in September , it did n't realize that a tiny component — its next-generation embedded SIM card ( eSIM ) — would lead China to quickly and abruptly cut off Apple Watch phone service within its borders , ” Jeremy Horwitz writes for VentureBeat . “ This morning , the cellular Apple Watch belatedly became available to order in China 's Hong Kong territory… spotlighting the surprising challenges eSIM faces as it becomes critical to next-generation wearables and 5G devices , replacing the 25-year-old traditional SIM card . ”
“ Nothing about eSIMs would appear to justify governmental panic . Physical SIM cards spent decades shrinking from full-sized to mini , micro , and nano cards before the GSM Association approved eSIM , an even smaller , trayless , permanently installed successor , ” Horwitz writes . “ The innovation enabled Apple Watch Series 3 to gain only 0.25mm of thickness despite integrating a complete cellular communications system . ”
“ eSIMs also enable seamless network switching : You can change carriers as needed , including during international travel . Indeed , eSIMs are eventually expected to end international roaming charges , ” Horwitz writes . “ Since cellular Apple Watches and iPads have set the stage for eSIMs , it 's highly likely that 2019 iPhones and 5G smartphones from other manufacturers will be eSIM-only . So get ready — pretty soon , you 'll be able to kiss carrier lock-ins and international roaming fees goodbye . ”
Read more in the full article here .
[ Thanks to MacDailyNews Readers “ Fred Mertz ” and “ Dan K. ” for the heads-up . ]
Wales 34
Scotland 7
THE SIX NATIONS got off to an absolute firecracker of a start in the Principality Stadium as Wales delivered on promises to move beyond their ‘ Warrenball ' roots while Scotland unraveled .
Tries from Gareth Davies and Leigh Halfpenny in the space of six first-half minutes practically put the Test beyond Scotland with only 12 minutes on the clock and the bonus point victory was sealed by scores from Halfpenny and Steff Evans in the final quarter .
Source : Tommy Dickson/INPHO
Gregor Townsend 's men , much-fancied in the tournament build-up , began in promising style . The visitors in Cardiff owned the ball and dominated territory for almost six minutes .
But on such ‘ almosts ' are Test matches swung , because with 5.48 on the clock , scrum-half Ali Price released an ill-advised long flat pass from a ruck and their opposite number Gareth Davies telegraphed the pill , pinned their ears back and was only caught by Chris Harris ' ankle tap .
The centre 's effort to limit the damage by giving Halfpenny a difficult angle to convert from was in vain as the fullback expertly smashed over the extra two .
Halfpenny was one of 10 Scarlets named in Warren Gatland 's starting XV and the spirit of Wayne Pivac 's champion side was fully in evidence as Wales reveled in space afforded them by a disjointed Scottish defence .
Source : Tommy Dickson/INPHO
Scotland 's problem 's were exacerbated by the piano shifters in red showing they could play a bit too .
Rob Evans , Cory Hill and Samson Lee each added commendable tight five handling skill to make for a thrilling spectacle of running rugby . But arguably Scotland 's chief tormentor was Alun Wyn Jones , the 32-year-old lock making breaks and popping passes like a centre .
Wales ' lead doubled thanks to a smooth left-to-right move fueled by Davies and Hill 's ability to fix a defender and change the point of attack to give Scott Williams time and space to fling a pass for Halfpenny to force their way in for a rare try .
1827 - Leigh Halfpenny has scored their first Test try since February 2013 , 1827 days ago . Relief . pic.twitter.com/o4QtYZlYkN — OptaJonny ( @ OptaJonny ) February 3 , 2018 Source : OptaJonny /Twitter
Scotland were more than rattled . The match calmed down from the furious pace set at the beginning , but the basic skills and systems were sorely lacking from the visitors and the Welsh line was never seriously troubled .
Wales emerged with a 14-point lead in the second half and duly set about rubber stamping the victory with two Leigh Halfpenny penalties before the salt was well and truly rubbed in Scotland 's wound by Evans .
Evans reaches for a magnificent fourth Welsh try . Source : Ryan Byrne/INPHO
First the Scarlets wing supplied Halfpenny with their second try with a magnificent Samson Lee-esque tip-on pass and they capped off a terrific show with a majestic diving one-handed finish to seal a bonus point victory .
All that was left was to nil the Scots , but the visitors managed to at least avoid that indignity as Peter Horne sneaked through a late gap to finally put points on the board after 78 minutes .
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel . From time to time , there are fairly untouched gems , like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago . For very different reasons , Germany , Argentina , the Philippines , and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list .
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Do n't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America 's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America 's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S . Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country 's rich traditions , landmarks , and defining events will head for America 's oldest cities , significant war monuments , and important buildings for a sense of the past .
Meadows originally committed to play at Clemson before signing a $ 3 million signing bonus to join the Pirates , a decision that came with a significant amount of expectations . They joined a pipeline that produced McCutchen , Marte and Gregory Polanco , the `` outfield of the future '' when Pittsburgh began its renaissance from afterthought to contender earlier this decade .
Meadows practically sprinted to Triple-A Indianapolis before their progress stalled thanks to lingering hamstring and oblique injuries . They hit just .239 in 2016 and 2017 with the Indians and the clamouring for their promotion quieted . They hired a new trainer over the winter and hit .295 with 10 doubles in 32 games for Indianapolis before Marte was sidelined with an oblique issue of their own .
Meadows ' arrival earlier this month — unlike the arrivals of former coveted prospects McCutchen , Gerrit Cole and Polanco — was met with more of a shrug than breathless anticipation . That might not necessarily be a bad thing . It allowed the unassuming Meadows to fit in quickly in a clubhouse that 's undergone a significant overhaul since it made three straight playoff appearances from 2013-15 , including McCutchen 's departure in a trade to San Francisco in January .
Make no mistake : Meadows is not McCutchen and is n't trying to be McCutchen . They do , however , believe they belong . So do their teammates .
`` He looks the part , '' said pitcher and 2010 first-round pick Jameson Taillon , who knows a thing or two about hype . `` He looks like a ballplayer . He 's not nervous , he 's not scared ... When I got called up , I felt like my head was in my locker , I just wanted to stay out of people 's way . Meadows has come up , he 's comfortable . ''
And he 's raking . The player who never hit more than 12 home runs during any season in the minors already has four less than two weeks into their major league career , That includes a shot to right-centre on Tuesday night off Chicago ace Jon Lester , the first homer Lester has given up to a lefty all season .
Yet it was n't even Meadows ' most impressive feat of the night . That came in the ninth against Cubs closer Brandon Morrow . Pittsburgh had two on with one out and trailed by four when Meadows stepped in . Meadows fended off four sinkers at 98 or 99 mph before lining an infield single that loaded the bases and kept a Pittsburgh rally alive .
`` If you 're not impressed by Meadows ' at bats , you need to go watch another sport right now , '' Hurdle said .
Meadows is doing their best to take everything in stride . For all their early success , he 's quick to point out the team has slumped since their arrival . He 's no saviour . just one of 25 trying to do their part for a club that believes — if few others do — that it can contend in the stacked NL Central . They probably wo n't hit .400 all season . They probably wo n't hit a home run every third game . He 's well aware getting up here and staying up here are two entirely different things .
It 's a challenge he 's been preparing for since the first time they picked up a bat when they were 3 . The stakes have changed . Their mindset has not .
`` You ca n't have any fear up here , '' they said .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Will Graves , The Associated Press
As Russian athletes are increasingly coming under pressure amid the doping scandal and the recent IOC decision on Russia 's participation in the 2018 Olympic Games , Bavaria 's former Minister President Dr. Edmund Stoiber shared their view on the upcoming 2018 World Cup in Russia and the issue of `` politics and sports '' in an interview with Sputnik .
Disagreements between Western countries and Russia should n't affect sports and overshadow the 2018 FIFA World Cup , Dr. Edmund Stoiber , a member of the supervisory board at FC Bayern Munich , said , adding that the competition is a special event for all football fans worldwide and for him , personally .
`` Well , many countries have disagreements with Russia and certain claims to it . But I 'm primarily interested in what will happen at the stadium and how exciting this championship will be , '' Bavaria 's former head told Sputnik Germany .
Commenting on the recent decision of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) to suspend the Russian National Olympic Committee over `` systematic manipulation '' of the anti-doping system and allow clean Russian athletes to compete in the 2018 Games only under the Olympic Flag , Stoiber argued that the alleged doping violations must be thoroughly investigated .
`` However , it is wrong if these accusations are in the foreground and overshadow the World Cup to such an extent , that it has negative impact on the football itself , '' Stoiber said .
They also raised hopes that the football competition will give countries `` a signal of peace , coexistence and optimism . ''
`` This does not mean that I want to keep silent about any shortcomings . But this is a global event , and it is taking place in Russia , and Russia will be a good host , '' Stoiber concluded .
The 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia will be held in 11 Russian cities , from June 14 to July 15 , 2018 . This will be the first World Cup to take place in Europe since 2006 .
The views and opinions expressed by Dr. Edmund Stoiber are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik .
Scuderia Toro Rosso 's Carlos Sainz Jr. came away from the opening day in Japan with very after an accident cut short their first session and the weather limited their second practice session to an installation lap .
The first Free Practice session saw a dry track and teams trying to make the most of the morning with the knowledge of the incoming rain storms in the afternoon .
Unfortunately Spaniard Sainz was forced to end their session early when they spun after touching a kerb , ending the session in seventeenth place , “ A tricky Friday for us ! ” said Sainz .
“ Obviously , the accident in Free Practice One was a bit of a pity… I did n't expect that to happen , I just clipped the outside kerb a bit too much and it sent me into a spin and then into the barriers . It looked quite incredible on the TV , but luckily it was n't such a big one from inside the cockpit .
“ We ca n't forget that a minimal miscalculation here can make you pay a big price ! ” they added .
The team got to work as soon as the car was back in the pitlane and managed to reassemble the Toro Rosso for the second Free Practice , annoyingly for Sainz and the team they could only manage an installation lap as the heavens opened and the rain came down .
“ I 'm happy that the mechanics could put the car back together for Free Practice Two – they did an amazing job like they always do , pushing for me and the team . We were ready to run in Free Practice Two , but unfortunately the weather conditions did n't help us and we were only able to complete an installation lap . Hopefully tomorrow is a better day ! ”
Dwight Howard has finalized a buyout with the Brooklyn Nets and will sign a 1-year deal for the tax MLE with the Washington Wizards once they clear waivers , league sources tell The Athletic .
ORLANDO , Fla. — American soccer players do not want fly over 8,000 miles to Malaysia next month for a playoff against Syria or make a 7,000-mile-plus journey for a match in Australia .
After getting just one point in two September qualifiers , a loss to Panama on Friday night would have left the U.S. with one more chance to reach next year 's World Cup : by winning a playoff against the fifth-place nation in Asia . And the Americans were n't even assured of that .
`` We still knew that everything was in our hands . It still is , '' defender Matt Besler said after Friday night 's 4-0 rout of the Panamanians lifted the United States back into third place — the last automatic berth in the North and Central American and Caribbean region .
The Americans have overcome an 0-2 start and head into their final game of the hexagonal on Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago with 12 points , two ahead of Panama and three ahead of Honduras , which plays Saturday at Costa Rica .
A win would put the U.S. in its eighth straight World Cup as long as Honduras does not defeat the Ticos and Mexico while overcoming its goal difference against the U.S. , currently 12 .
A draw at Trinidad would be sufficient unless Honduras wins its last two matches and Panama does not beat Costa Rica by eight goals ( or seven if Panama somehow overcomes its deficit in total goals vs. the U.S. , currently nine ) .
Retired goalkeeper Kasey Keller , now an ESPN analyst , said the reality of the situation hit the Americans after the 2-0 loss to Costa Rica in New Jersey and the 1-1 draw at Honduras .
`` Oh , boy . We do n't have any time . We have to put it right , '' Keller said of the thought process . `` So much of the rhetoric before the game was there had to be a start to this match that kind of emphasized the poor results from September , and I think you saw that . You needed stars to show up , and the U.S. 's biggest star showed up and scored the first , created the second . ''
Christian Pulisic , the 19-year-old from Hershey , Pennsylvania , who is a rising star with Germany 's Borussia Dortmund , helped energize the U.S. when they were shifted to central midfield from the flanks . They scored with a brilliant touch in the eighth minute and passed to Jozy Altidore , who doubled the lead in the 19th.Altidore converted a penalty kick in the 43rd and Bobby Wood got the final goal in the 63rd .
`` It was exactly what I expected , '' U.S. captain Michael Bradley said , `` and now we 've got to make sure that in a few days ' time were ready to go to Trinidad and after 15 games of qualifying make sure that we finish things off in the right way . ''
× Free Bike Helmet Giveaway in Wilkes-Barre
WILKES-BARRE , Pa. — Hundreds of kids in Luzerne County have a new bicycle helmet for the holiday .
The law firm Hourigan , Kluger , and Quinn handed out the helmets at Kirby Park in Wilkes-Barre on Wednesday , free of charge to kids 12 and under .
“ We have bicycles at home that we have n't built yet and we 're going to ride them soon , so we need our helmets to protect our heads , ” said Oleander McKenzie of Pocono Summit .
The is the 11th year for the bicycle helmet giveaway , which is fast becoming a Fourth of July tradition in Luzerne County .
FILE- In this April 9 , 2018 , file photo shoppers walk in a mall in Salem , N.H. On Tuesday , April 25 , the Conference Board releases its April index on U.S. consumer confidence . ( AP Photo/Elise Amendola , File )
FILE- In this April 9 , 2018 , file photo shoppers walk in a mall in Salem , N.H. On Tuesday , April 25 , the Conference Board releases its April index on U.S. consumer confidence . ( AP Photo/Elise Amendola , File )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - American consumers saw their confidence rebound in April to a level close to the 18-year high it had reached two months ago .
The Conference Board says its consider confidence index rose to 128.7 in April , up from a March level of 127.0 . The March level was just below the 130.0 hit in February , which had been the highest since November 2000 .
The business research group 's index measures consumers ' assessment of current conditions and their outlook for the next six months . Economists believe the strength in confidence reflects a strong labor market , with unemployment at a 17-year low , as well as the impact of the $ 1.5 trillion in tax cuts approved in December , which began showing up in workers ' paychecks earlier this year .
By ANNE FLAHERTY
The Associated Press
WASHINGTON — There is no evidence that the FBI planted a “ spy ” on President Donald Trump 's 2016 campaign , a senior House Republican said Wednesday , directly contradicting Trump 's repeated insistence that the agency inserted a “ spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win . ”
Rep. Trey Gowdy , chairperson of the House Oversight Committee and a longtime Trump supporter , was briefed last week by the Justice Department and FBI following reports that investigators relied on a U.S. government informant in its investigation into Russian election meddling .
“ I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got and that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump , ” Gowdy , a South Carolina Republican , told Fox News on Tuesday .
On Wednesday , Gowdy said they had “ never heard the term ‘ spy ' used ” and did not see evidence of that .
“ Informants are used all day , every day by law enforcement , ” they told “ CBS This Morning . ”
Gowdy 's comments are particularly striking because of their role as a powerful GOP watchdog who took on Democrat Hillary Clinton in their committee 's investigation into the 2012 attacks on Americans in Benghazi , Libya , while they were secretary of state . The probe unearthed the existence of Clinton 's private email server , which triggered an FBI inquiry and crippled their 2016 presidential campaign against Trump .
Gowdy announced in January that they would retire from Congress at the end of the current term and return to work in the justice system .
Trump has zeroed in on , and at times embellished , reports on the informant , calling it “ spygate ” and tweeting that it was “ starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. ” Trump has also rejected assertions by the U.S. intelligence agencies that the Russian government was trying to help them beat Clinton .
Trump 's legal team has asked to review classified information about the origins of the FBI investigation to prepare the president for an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller , who is now leading the investigation into ties between Trump 's campaign and Russia .
“ The folks who have seen the information have the same perspective , ” Gowdy said . “ The folks who have not seen the information , I do n't know what informs their perspective . ”
Gowdy , did , however , express support for Trump 's “ frustration ” with Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who recused themselves in May 2017 from the Russia probe based on possible conflict of interest . The recusal of Sessions , an early backer of Trump 's presidential bid , followed the revelation that they had two previously undisclosed interactions during the 2016 campaign with the Russian ambassador .
Gowdy told CBS that Trump is just “ expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before they took the job . Not afterward . ”
Trump tweeted out Gowdy 's comments on Sessions , including theirs saying that “ there are lots of really good lawyers in the country ” and that the president “ could have picked someone else ” for the top Justice Department job .
“ And I wish I did ! ” Trump wrote .
Trump did not reference Gowdy 's comments that there was no evidence of the FBI planting a spy on their campaign .
Associated Press writer Ken Thomas contributed to this report .
Unless Marek delivers another one of their big patch-sets to provide some new feature/improvement to RadeonSI , the OpenGL shader cache magically lands , or some other big surprise to end out the year , here are some final statistics about Mesa 's impressive developments in 2017.For those looking for a feature recap/overview of the big Mesa changes for 2016 , read the recent Mesa Hit OpenGL 4.5 , Received Vulkan Drivers , Improved Performance & More In 2016
Assuming no major work is committing on New Year 's Eve , this morning I ran GitStats on the Mesa Git tree to see how the year ended out given all the impressive developments in Mesa this year for OpenGL and Vulkan drivers along with other areas like the Gallium Nine D3D9 state tracker and video acceleration state trackers .
Mesa saw 10,191 commits this year , more than the 9,624 of 2015 or the 7,061 of 2014 . This is a high for Mesa going back to 2010 when it was sawed 12,269 commits . The 10k+ commits this year saw 471,484 lines of code added and 190,631 lines of code removed . For lines of code added that 's another high going back to 2010 .
Jason Ekstrand took the spot of Mesa 's top contributor this year with 1,459 commits , likely due to all the work they did this year on the ANV Vulkan driver . Other top contributors to Mesa this year were Marek Olšák , Nicolai Hähnle , Kenneth Graunke , Ilia Mirkin , and Brian Paul . Mesa saw contributions from 208 developers , an all-time high ! Mesa never saw more than 200+ contributors in a single year until 2016 with the previous high at 174 in 2014 . VMware , Intel , and Red Hat remain the most active contributors to Mesa followed by AMD .
Mesa is currently at 1,988,249 lines of code ... Looks like next year it will break two million lines !
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Language files blank comment code -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - C 1989 148215 148728 755620 C/C++ Header 1644 59867 87065 289834 C++ 344 33396 41468 178043 XML 113 4201 785 79161 HTML 197 7275 32 31010 Python 97 5877 6958 23384 Assembly 24 2417 1453 7441 make 174 2022 3208 6243 yacc 2 712 441 3836 m4 8 388 146 3465 Perl 1 334 72 1895 Windows Module Definition 6 2 20 1510 Bourne Shell 77 341 123 954 lex 2 139 201 733 Bourne Again Shell 7 25 11 577 Protocol Buffers 1 51 2 374 XSLT 1 29 21 146 YAML 2 29 43 120 DOS Batch 2 17 1 119 Lisp 8 0 0 89 DTD 1 6 63 75 CSS 1 9 3 51 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - SUM : 4701 265352 290844 1384680 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
The 1.98 million lines is spread across 5,391 files.Those wanting to dig through these Mesa development statistics can find all of the numbers here . Lastly , the CLOC metrics for those interested in the code :
Actress Allison Mack has been granted bond in their sex trafficking case and will relocate to California where they will remain under house arrest as their prosecution proceeds , PEOPLE confirms .
A federal judge in New York on Tuesday afternoon granted Mack 's release on $ 5 million bond , authorities say .
Mack , 35 , faces three charges in connection with Nxivm , a controversial self-help group based out of Albany , New York , whose co-founder Keith Raniere was arrested in Mexico in March on the same three accusations .
Both Mack and Raniere , 57 , are accused of sex trafficking , sex trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy for their alleged roles in running a secretive sub-group within Nxivm involving “ masters ” and “ slaves . ”
Mack , who appeared for years as Chloe Sullivan on Smallville , faces at least 15 years in prison if convicted on all of their charges . They reportedly pleaded not guilty during their first court appearance in the case , in New York City , on Friday . They have previously discussed their connection with Raniere . “ Over the course of several years , Mr. Raniere mentored Allison in their study of acting and music , ” their website stated until their arrest ( after which it was taken offline ) . It was unclear later Tuesday if Mack has yet posted their bond amount , authorities say . As a condition of their release , they will be under home detention and be monitored electronically . They will also be barred from associating with any former or current members of Nxivm . Allison Mack in 2017 Todd Williamson/Getty Keith Raniere
Once they are released , Mack will stay in the Central District of California , a court jurisdiction that covers both Central and Southern California , according to authorities .
Authorities tell PEOPLE that Mack 's original bond request was denied Friday because the judge wanted to ensure a “ substantial ” monetary amount . The $ 5-million amount was agreed upon by both the defense and the prosecution .
Mack 's next court date , a status conference on their case , is set for May 3 .
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
On Friday , Mack and federal prosecutors disclosed that they were negotiating their possible plea .
In a joint petition , obtained by PEOPLE , both sides asked the court to exclude the next several days from the larger period of time under which Mack 's speedy trial must begin . The application shows the parties sought the exclusion “ because they are engaged in plea negotiations , which they believe are likely to result in a disposition of this case without trial . ”
The prosecution and defense “ require an exclusion of time in order to focus efforts on plea negotiations without the risk that they would not , despite their diligence , have reasonable time for effective preparation for trial , ” the petition continues .
Allison Mack in 2010 Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty
A representative for Mack has declined to comment to PEOPLE on their arrest . Them attorney , Sean Stephen Buckley , has not returned requests for comment .
Raniere 's lawyer could not be reached by PEOPLE . They have yet to be arraigned .
Nxivm did not respond to numerous requests for comment from PEOPLE but issued a statement in support of Raniere soon after their arrest , writing in part : “ We are currently working with the authorities to demonstrate their innocence and true character . ”
In the fall , the group denounced a New York Times article about them as “ a criminal product of criminal minds . ”
EFF leader Julius Malema 's legal challenge to have the Riotous Assemblies Act of 1956 declared unconstitutional , was removed from the roll . File picture : Matthews Baloyi/ANA
Pretoria - EFF leader Julius Malema 's legal challenge to have the Riotous Assemblies Act of 1956 declared unconstitutional , was on Tuesday removed from the roll in the Gauteng High Court Pretoria .
The matter was on the opposed motion roll and scheduled to be heard this week , but Judge Sulet Potterill removed it so that the parties could approach Deputy Judge President Aubrey Ledwaba for another court date . This is because arguments are expected to run into more than one court day and a special judge had to be allocated to hear the matter .
Malema faces criminal charges of allegedly contravening the Riotous Assemblies Act after calling for land invasions . In 2014 during the party 's elective conference in Bloemfontein , Malema told their party members that they should occupy the land .
In June 2016 , they told supporters in Newcastle in KwaZulu-Natal to occupy land as it belonged to the black people .
They earlier appeared in the Magistrate 's court in Newcastle as well as in the magistrate 's court in Bloemfontein , but the cases were postponed pending their constitutional challenge .
Their legal team is disputing the constitutionality of the Riotous Assembly Act and has accused the State of using “ apartheid-era laws ” to try and silence him .
According to the charge sheet in the Newcastle case , they have been accused of incitement to commit a crime .
The charge read that on November 7 , 2016 they unlawfully and intentionally incited , instigated , commanded or procured their EFF and/or others to commit a crime , to wit , trespass , in contravention of Section 1 ( 1 ) of the Trespass Act 6 of 1959 by illegally occupying any vacant land wherever they found some and thereby committing the crime of incitement .
They face a similar charge in Bloemfontein .
It is meanwhile not yet know when their Constitutional challenge would be heard by the high court .
[ email protected ]
Pretoria News
VALENTINE Holmes is used to being the fastest player on the field but the Queensland winger concedes he 'll get blown away by James Roberts or Josh Addo-Carr if either of the Blues speed demons get into open space .
NSW have assembled arguably the fastest backline in Origin history , with Tom Trbojevic and James Tedesco also noted for their ability to show their opponents a clean pair of heels .
It 's a frightening prospect for a Maroons side desperate to stop this Origin series from turning into a shootout and Holmes is confident in their ability to shackle the duo of Roberts and Trbojevic who and Greg Inglis will go head-to-head with .
LIVE stream the State of Origin Series LIVE and on-demand from overseas . Grab your Watch NRL Early Bird State of Origin Pass now >
Speaking to the media on Thursday , Holmes said team defence and a structure that shuts down the space on the edges will be the keys to stop NSW 's speedsters .
“ We 're marking James Roberts and Trbojevic and obviously you 've got Foxy ( Addo-Carr ) on the other side , who I think 's the fastest in the NRL , ” Holmes said .
“ So it 's going to be a massive night for myself and Gagai , they 've got some speedsters .
“ In saying that , I think me and Gags are pretty quick . We 're probably not as fast as them but I think if we do n't give them too much space we should be able to stop them . ”
Holmes said they had n't been timed over 100 metres since they were in high school but revealed their lightning quick 40 yard time of 4.5 seconds when they visited an NFL facility for testing in December 2016 .
Camera Icon Josh Addo-Carr is widely considered the NRL 's fastest player . Picture : News Corp Australia
That time puts them on par with some of the freakish athletes who play wide receiver and running back in the NFL but would still likely see them eating dust in a race with Roberts and Addo-Carr .
“ I 'd be a little bit behind ( Roberts ) , ” Holmes said .
“ But hopefully we 're into them when he 's taking carries and they do n't want to open up a bit .
“ Hopefully we stop the ball from going out to their edge as much as we can and hopefully that can counter it .
“ I think I 'm a bit faster over 40 than over 100 .
“ You look at James Roberts and he 's probably the same and can go the whole way and Foxy , I reckon he 's real fast over 100 and even longer . ”
It looms as one of the most exciting battles in an Origin contest filled with intrigue and it will become an even bigger handful for Holmes if they are given the goal kicking duties .
Camera Icon James Roberts will be looking to use their speed to expose Valentine Holmes . Picture : News Corp Australia
Holmes is not Cronulla 's first-choice goal kicker but has a career success rate a tick over 70 per cent , which makes them the top contender to take over from retirees Johnathan Thurston and Cameron Smith .
Holmes said the duties still had n't been handed out by Queensland coach Kevin Walters but revealed it was down to they and Gagai , with a final decision to be made after they engage in a ‘ kick-off ' .
“ It 's down to Gags and I. I 'm not too fussed if I do n't get it , that 's less pressure off me I guess , ” Holmes said .
“ I was just saying to them earlier we 're both the wingers and there 's a lot of running we 've got to do so I think we 're going to be pretty buggered by the time we score so we 're telling the boys to try to run the ball around to the middle if they can .
“ I 'm happy to take it if called upon and so is Gags . ”
Chasing Roberts and Trbojevic around wo n't make the kicking duties any easier but Holmes said if Smith could play in the middle and make 50 tackles a game yet still knock over conversions , they would have no excuses if their do n't sail between the uprights .
“ You look at Smithy and Thurston , how they do it , Smithy plays 80 minutes in the middle and makes like 50 tackles a game and they seem to knock them all over , ” Holmes said .
“ I was just saying that because we 're on the outside we 're not touching the ball we 're pretty much doing up and backs all the time .
“ I get pretty buggered out there and then you get the pressure of kicking the two points to level the game or even to win it like JT ( in Game Two ) last year , so it 's going to be a tough one .
“ I 'm not going to go in there unconfident so if I do get the job I 'm going to go in there very confident I can kick them all over and do my best to do so . ”
An ETX man is arrested after a woman claimed they had pulled their vehicle over , claiming to be an officer , and then sexually assaulted them
Emmitt Harrell Christian , 22 , was arrested and charged with impersonating an officer and attempted sexual assault .
On June 11 , Jacksonville police say they responded to a 911 call of a possible attempted kidnapping . Officers spoke with a Hispanic female who stated they had been pulled over in their vehicle by a white male who was claiming to have arrest power and showed them handcuffs . The woman told Police they believed they were a peace officer based on their physical appearance and possession of handcuffs .
The victim alleged that the suspect took them to a local park where they placed one of the handcuffs on their wrist before groping her , kissing her , and telling them they had to have sex with him .
An unidentified vehicle drove into the park area and startled Christian . They reportedly released the victim from the restraint of the handcuffs and fled the scene . The victim gave a description of the suspect 's vehicle , a Dodge Ram , single cab , long wheelbase lifted truck .
Cherokee County Sheriff 's Deputies later located a vehicle matching the description at Love 's Lookout . They approached Christian who matched the description the woman had given to police .
The victim identified Christian out of a lineup .
They were arrested and booked into the Cherokee County Jail on Tuesday . Christian 's bonds total $ 20,000 .
Jacksonville police are asking for anyone who may have been a victim of a similar instance by Christian , or anyone else , to contact the police department and report the incident .
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
The Rams roll in at 5-2 , and those two losses came against the No . 3 team in Class 4A ( Mountain Crest ) and the No . 2 team in Class 6A ( Lone Peak ) . The Region 6 title would be theirs to lose if they win this game , and they clinch a playoff berth with a win . Highland is sticking with the run to get the job done this season . The Rams are averaging 46.7 points per game over their last three contests . Sophomore Colton White leads the team with 81 carries for 571 yards and six TDs . Trayton Keyes has added 271 yards on 21 carries and four TDs . And Caden Hilborn leads the defense with nine sacks . Lehi 's defense is coming in hot . The Pioneers only have allowed three points over their last two games and no longer hold the distinction of going the longest ( among active schools ) without a shutout . Offensively , it looks like QB Cammon Cooper has rediscovered their groove . He 's thrown for more than 300 yards in their last three games , all wins . And Kade Moore has emerged as Cooper 's favorite target . They have caught 26 passes for 481 yards and six TDs over the last three games . Highland is ranked No . 5 entering this game , but a Pioneers win would go a long way toward returning Lehi to the top five .
What 's in a restaurant name ? History and sometimes bird poo
What 's in a restaurant name ? History and sometimes bird poo Apr 18
Michael Klein has written about Philadelphia 's restaurant scene since 1993 in their Inquirer column , “ Table Talk , ” and on their Philly.com blog , “ The Insider . ”
Two drinks that Hop Sing Laundromat 's Le created for Han Dynasty .
On the banned list at Chinatown 's Hop Sing Laundromat ?
You can still enjoy a cocktail .
Owner Lê is partnering with Han Chiang , owner of the Han Dynasty Chinese restaurants , on a series of drinks .
They 'll go on the menu on May 14 at the five Han Dynasty locations with bars — Old City , University City , and the three in New York City .
Why the partnership ? “ I want all of the customers that Lê kicked out , ” said Chiang , referring to Hop Sing 's stringent policies on clothing , photography , and personal decorum .
The cocktails will be offered with and without alcohol .
In a demo last week , Lê sampled two of them , whose names may not be suitable for a family website .
One is a riff on raspberry lemonade , a crisp combo of 6100 vodka , lemon juice , lemongrass syrup , mint , and raspberries . The other is a creamy matcha-tea-based drink that blends 6100 vodka , Japanese matcha , cream , vanilla liqueur , and egg white .
To see the names , click here .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
VATICAN CITY ( AP ) - The key whistleblower in Chile 's clerical sex abuse scandal has arrived in Rome for an audience with Pope Francis and says they will urge them to get rid of the `` toxic '' bishops and cardinals who have defamed and discredited abuse survivors around the world .
In an interview Tuesday in St. Peter 's Square , Juan Carlos Cruz said they were honored that the pope wanted to personally apologize for having themselves discredited victims . But they said they wanted to also hear Francis ' explanation for having seemingly not realized that victims had accused a bishop of covering up for their abuser .
Cruz said : `` He 's not a pope from Ukraine . He 's from Buenos Aires . ... So it 's really difficult to understand that this was an unknown . But I want to hear him . ''
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( AP ) - A guilty plea is expected from a man charged with providing the gun used to kill two Ohio police officers .
Federal prosecutors say 30-year-old Gerald Lawson , of suburban Cleveland , bought the handgun that 31-year-old Quentin Smith used in the February slayings of Westerville officers Eric Joering and Anthony Morelli .
A record of a plea agreement was filed in federal court last week and Judge Edmund Sargus scheduled a change of plea hearing for Thursday . The U.S. attorney 's office declined comment until the hearing . A message was left for Lawson 's attorney .
A criminal complaint says Smith gave Lawson the money to buy the gun last summer along with $ 100 for completing the transaction . Smith was n't allowed to have weapons because of a previous burglary conviction .
New Delhi : Lack of severe punishment is considered as the most rampant cause of sexual harassment by 86 per cent respondents in the NCR region , as per as study .
The study , done by Indian Institute for Integrated Women and Child Development ( ISI-WCD ) and released by the Women and Child Development Ministry , was one of 18 projects the ministry had sponsored , between 2015-17 , in areas like economic empowerment of women , skill development , child trafficking , nutrition management and others .
For the survey , 5,221 responses were collected from Delhi , Gurgaon and Noida to understand the factors and possible remedies of sexual harassment against women and girls in public places .
According to the survey , 84 per cent of the responsdents think that availability of pornographic materials on mobile phone is also a cause of sexual harassment in NCR region while 83 per cent believes it is because of easy access to social media site Facebook or the internet .
`` Revealing dresses of women has been seen as the reason for sexual assault by 53 per cent , 35 per cent and 37 per cent by residents of Delhi , Gurgaon and Noida respectively while informal behaviour of women has also been seen as the reason by 49 per cent , 30 per cent and 70 per cent from the three locations respectively , '' the study notes .
The study also revealed that 35 per cent of men and 50 per cent women have perceived sexual aggression in men as responsible for sexual harassment of women .
It is also found that 70 per cent of the respondents have said to face sexual abuse from work partners or colleagues , 63 per cent from office seniors , 48 per cent from friends and 38 per cent from teachers .
According to the study , 87 per cent respondents agreed that women suffer from verbal abuse , 88 per cent have suffered from physical abuse and 94 per cent stated that they are being stared at .
On enhancing safety for women in public places , 96 per cent respondents suggested that crowded buses or stations should be under constant camera surveillance , 93 per cent wanted public places well lit , 90 per cent prefers frequent police patrolling , 94 per cent said legal punishments should be made harsher while 92 per cent said judicial disposals should be made quicker .
The governments of Canada , Ontario and Quebec are partnering with some of the world 's digital heavyweights to usher in the next generation of wireless technology .
A $ 400-million public-private investment will create a corridor of 5G wireless test beds through Canada 's two largest provinces , aimed at giving companies a chance to experiment with new ideas and products that are only now becoming possible thanks to recent breakthroughs in telecommunication technology .
Speaking at a funding announcement Monday in Ottawa , Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains gushed over the range of applications for the new technology , from smart cars that reduce accidents and traffic congestion to refrigerators that monitor food levels and automatically order fresh groceries .
Related
“ 5G is the gateway to the future , and we are just on the brink of this technological revolution , ” Bains said .
The project is called ENCQOR — Evolution of Networked Services through a Corridor in Quebec and Ontario for Research and Innovation — and will allow an estimated 1,000 small and medium-sized businesses to plug into a 5G platform and access related research and technology .
The opportunity to experiment will help businesses come out on top in what Bains described as a global innovation race .
Ontario , Quebec and the federal government have each pledged about $ 67 million , while the remaining $ 200 million will come from five private-sector partners .
The planned network will stretch from Windsor , Ont. , all the way to Quebec City . There will be numerous 5G test beds , or hot spots , installed along the way , including one here in Ottawa .
Ericsson , Ciena Canada , Thales Canada , IBM Canada and CGI will lead the public-private partnership , which is expected to “ secure ” more than 4,000 jobs , 1,800 of which will be specialized in 5G .
Karl Sasseville , a spokesperson for Bains , clarified that those jobs are made up of existing positions with the five private-sector partners that will be repurposed for the 5G project .
Much of the technology needed to roll out 5G has been created thanks to advancements made by technological minds here in the nation 's capital . Firms such as Nortel Networks were largely responsible for creating the technology that powered much of the past two generations of cellular services . Ottawa 's talented engineers have been key in crafting the wireless technology needed to roll out 5G signals on a global scale .
The 5G cellular networks will allow for far better coverage , reliability and speeds than are currently available . Devices running on 5G cellular services are also far more efficient and promise better battery life .
Current 4G cellular networks have top transmission speeds of between 12 megabits per second ( mbps ) and 50 mbps . In a test of 5G cellular technologies at its labs in Vancouver , Telus hit a top speed of 29.3 gigabits per second ( gbps ) . That 's more than 550 times faster than current network averages . Industry analysts expect average consumers will get speeds of around 3.6 gbps , which is about 72 times faster than what they are currently experiencing .
The technology is being designed to handle large consumer loads , with current requirements calling for networks to support hundreds of thousands of simultaneous connections at the higher speeds .
The faster speeds will allow for almost instant downloads of high-definition video and the delivery of new virtual reality ( VR ) tours and applications . It should also enable new health-care monitoring and diagnostic equipment to help people in remote and isolated communities . Most importantly , it 's expected to expedite machine-to-machine communications , which includes autonomous ( or self-driving ) automobiles .
Borje Ekholm , CEO of Ericsson , said Canada is “ leapfrogging ” to the front of 5G technology with it commitment to wireless innovation .
Often , when people think of national infrastructure they think of roads and streets , Ekholm said .
“ We believe the future highways will all be digital . ”
Ekholm said they expect the test-bed technology to be deployed later this year and become operational by early 2019 .
Canada is n't alone in its push to be ready for 5G cellular services . China , Japan , South Korea and the United Kingdom have all set targets of 2020 for the full rollout of 5G cellular services to their citizens . The United States has n't set a date for a 5G rollout , but several carriers , including Verizon , have been dabbling with the high-speed cellular technologies .
— With files from Vito Pilieci
Death tolls from heavy monsoon rains in Pakistan rises to 15
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : K.M . Chaudary , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 A Pakistani horse-cart owner wades through a flooded road after heavy rain fall in Lahore , Pakistan , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Torrential monsoon rains lashed many cities and towns across Pakistan before dawn Tuesday , flooding streets and killing six people , as authorities struggled to restore normalcy in rain-affected areas . less A Pakistani horse-cart owner wades through a flooded road after heavy rain fall in Lahore , Pakistan , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Torrential monsoon rains lashed many cities and towns across Pakistan before dawn ... more Photo : K.M . Chaudary , AP Image 2 of 3 Residents look at a road caved in due to heavy rain fall in Lahore , Pakistan , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Torrential monsoon rains lashed many cities and towns across Pakistan before dawn Tuesday , flooding streets and killing six people , as authorities struggled to restore normalcy in rain-affected areas . fewer Residents look at a road caved in due to heavy rain fall in Lahore , Pakistan , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Torrential monsoon rains lashed many cities and towns across Pakistan before dawn Tuesday , flooding streets ... more Photo : K.M . Chaudary , AP Image 3 of 3 Death toll from heavy monsoon rains in Pakistan rises to 15 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
LAHORE , Pakistan ( AP ) — Officials say the death toll from two days of heavy monsoon rains in eastern Pakistan has risen to 15 .
The heaviest rains seen in Lahore since 1980 continued into Wednesday , flooding streets and causing some residents to join small demonstrations against local authorities .
Rescue officials and police confirmed the death toll , saying most deaths were caused by electrocution and homes caving in .
Pakistan has long struggled to cope with the annual monsoon rains , which trigger flash floods and mud slides that destroy homes .
ZAGREB , April 6 Croatia 's lawmakers adopted on Thursday an emergency law aimed at protecting the economy from big company failures after the country 's largest private firm Agrokor piled up large debts , leaving it struggling to pay creditors and suppliers .
The centre-right majority approved the law , which will be implemented if Agrokor fails to reach a deal with banks and suppliers on a cash injection and restructuring . The law was criticised by opposition politicians who said it would threaten small suppliers and the state budget .
Under the law , devised to deal with potential financial troubles in a company with at least 5,000 employees and debt of 1 billion euros ( $ 1.07 billion ) , the state will be able to appoint an executive to steer a restructuring process at the request of a debtor or at creditors ' request with the company 's agreement .
The law envisages a company reaching a restructuring deal within 15 months .
Agrokor is the biggest food producer and retailer in the Balkans with some 60,000 employees . It accumulated debts of about 45 billion kunas ( $ 6.43 billion ) , or six times its equity , as it expanded rapidly , notably in Croatia , Serbia , Slovenia and Bosnia .
( Reporting by Igor Ilic ; editing by Susan Thomas )
© AP Photo/ Maya Alleruzzo US Army Orders 150 More Humvee Combat Vehicles for Iraqi Forces
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) — The Oshkosh Defense Company has received an order from the US Army to carry out recapitalization work on some of its tactical trucks , the Department of Defense stated in a press release .
“ Oshkosh Defense [ of ] Oshkosh , Wisconsin was awarded a $ 24 . 4 million… contract for recapitalized Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Trucks , Palletized Load System and [ ten ] self-recovery winches , ” the release noted on Tuesday .
Work on the contract will be performed in Oshkosh , in the US state of Wisconsin with an estimated completion date of August 31 , 2018 , the Defense Department said .
LAS VEGAS — Demetrious Johnson chasing an unprecedented 11th title defence and a headline fight that could decide Conor McGregor 's next opponent top a UFC 216 card set for Saturday in Las Vegas , an event playing out in a city still reeling from a mass shooting in which 58 people were killed and nearly 500 were injured .
The mixed-martial arts promotion has pledged $ 1 million to help victims and their families , UFC President Dana White said . The pay-per-view card is one of many events that quickly resumed in Las Vegas after the shooting on Sunday , including a major casino conference , magic shows and concerts and a Los Angeles Lakers practice game set for Sunday in the same T-Mobile Arena where UFC 216 will take place .
`` I 'd say to the people outside of Las Vegas : Do n't be afraid to come here , '' White told TMZ as they pledged the donation .
The main event will be a contest for the interim lightweight title , as second-ranked Tony Ferguson ( 22-3 ) fights seventh-ranked Kevin Lee ( 16-2 ) . Ferguson has a nine-fight win streak coming into the bout , and the winner could ultimately fight against megastar Conor McGregor to unify the belt .
Ferguson has already been arguing for that for the winner on Saturday , as McGregor mulls their return to MMA after a highly popular crossover boxing match against Floyd Mayweather in late August .
`` The real righteous thing to do is to make sure the belts become unified , '' Ferguson said . `` That 's what really needs to happen . ''
Johnson , nicknamed `` Mighty Mouse , '' is tied with MMA legend Anderson Silva with 10 consecutive title defences , which Silva accomplished in the middleweight division . Johnson , 31 , is considered by many to be the top pound-for-pound fighter in the sport , having not lost a fight in more than six years .
They are the only flyweight champion in UFC history , winning the inaugural title against Joseph Benavidez in 2012 as the promotion expanded weight divisions . Johnson has rarely been tested during this run and is a heavy favourite facing third-ranked flyweight Ray Borg ( 11-2 ) .
The two were originally scheduled to fight at UFC 215 one month ago , but Borg fell ill shortly before the fight and withdrew . The fight was quickly rescheduled and added as the co-main event for this weekend .
`` I 'm happy the UFC got it rescheduled super-fast , '' Johnson said .
June 14 ( UPI ) -- One of the greatest wide receivers in NFL history will be immortalized this season when the Minnesota Vikings induct Randy Moss into its Ring of Honor .
The franchise announced Wednesday that it would be adding Moss and fellow wide receiver Ahmad Rashad into its 2017 induction class .
Moss joined the Vikings as the No . 21 overall pick in the 1998 NFL Draft .
They made an impact immediately .
Moss , 40 , was in All-Pro after their rookie campaign after hauling in 69 receptions for 1,313 yards and 17 touchdowns .
In their first seven NFL seasons , they pulled in 587 receptions for 9,316 yards and 92 scores for the Vikings . They played two years for the Oakland Raiders , before joining the New England Patriots in 2007 . Moss broke the NFL record with 23 receiving touchdowns in a season in their first year in Foxborough . In 2010 , they left the Patriots . They finished their career in 2012 with the San Francisco 49ers . Moss had 982 catches for 15,292 yards and 156 touchdowns during their notorious career . They were a four-time All-Pro , six-time Pro Bowler and led the league in receiving touchdowns five times .
Moss ranks No . 2 all-time in receiving touchdowns and No . 3 all-time in receiving yards .
`` Well , I 'm kind of speechless , '' Moss told reporters Wednesday . `` First of all , I just want to give honor to God and being able to bless me to play this sport for such a long time . I 've always said this , that if you 're getting some type of mention , an award or something positive , for what you 've accomplished , that means you did something right in life . Like I said , I 'm definitely thankful . I love this game and I played , definitely , with a chip on my shoulder throughout my career . ''
`` Some people I rubbed wrong , some people loved it . So , to the people that I rubbed wrong , man , that 's just what I love to do . The game of football , I grew up loving it , I 've been playing it since I was six-years old . The year that I mooned Green Bay was the first year I actually took off . It took me 28 years to take a season or a game off . So , I think that when I tell you that I wore the game of football on my shoulder , I really wore it on my shoulder , man . I did n't really give myself any breaks , no time off . ''
Rashad , 67 , began their career in 1972 with the St. Louis Cardinals . They joined the Vikings in 1976 and played in Minnesota until retiring after the 1982 season . They were a four-time Pro Bowl selection and was the first Vikings wide receiver in team history to have consecutive 1,000-yard seasons , when they did it in 1979 and 1980 .
Before Wednesday , the Vikings had n't inducted a player into its Ring of Honor since 2013 .
Moss and Rashad join Fran Tarkenton , Alan Page , Jim Finks , Bud Grant , Paul Krause , Fred Zamberletti , Jim Marshall , Ron Yary , Korey Stringer , Mick Tingelhoff , Carl Eller , Cris Carter , Bill Brown , Jerry Burns , Randall McDaniel , Chuck Foreman , John Randle , Scott Studwell , Chris Doleman , Matt Blair and Joey Browner for the franchise honor .
`` It is probably the biggest thing that 's ever happened to me , '' Rashad told reporters Wednesday . `` It 's the most important thing to ever happen to me and I 've won Emmy awards , I 've won receiving titles , I 've won all those kinds of things , but this is closer to my heart . I always say that , `` Once a Viking , always a Viking . '' You do n't ever get out of that and this ownership has shown that it is a wonderful fraternity and that we respect everybody . ''
`` We really are the north and we take that with pride , so looking at this . I do n't think anything else in my athletic career could top winning this honor . There 's absolutely nothing else and to go in with Randy Moss is just absolutely wonderful . I 've always been a big fan of theirs and sometimes to start to see that you 're getting old when Randy tells me they watched me play when they were six . I was only twelve , but it 's just funny to see that sort of thing and it 's a wonderful feeling . It 's great for all of the Minnesota people involved . ''
Group One-winning colt Trapeze Artist may have earned the right to take on Winx after passing their first test at weight-for-age in the Expressway Stakes at Rosehill .
The winner of the Golden Rose in the spring , Trapeze Artist was backed late in Saturday 's Group Two 1200m sprint from $ 4.20 to $ 3.60 with another three-year-old , Addictive Nature , the $ 2.50 favourite .
Saturday 's win means owner Bert Vieira and trainer Gerald Ryan are looking to change tack from the Hobartville Stakes against their own age and instead set Trapeze Artist to take on the champion in the Apollo Stakes , also over 1400m , in two weeks .
`` He 's won at weight-for-age now so we may well take on Winx next , '' Ryan said .
With their Golden Rose-winning rider Tye Angland aboard Victoria Derby winner Ace High in the Expressway , Tim Clark took the mount on Trapeze Artist .
As expected , Memes ( $ 16 ) led the field and Clark worked their way across from the widest barrier on Trapeze Artist to sit behind the pacesetter .
Memes found it tough at the business end of the race and as they weakened , Trapeze Artist assumed control and went to the line with 1-1/4 lengths to spare over Showtime ( $ 9.50 ) , who came from last .
Addictive Nature held third , another half neck away with Global Glamour , who drifted from $ 3 favouritism to $ 4.20 , fourth and Ace High making ground late for fifth .
`` He probably should n't have gone to Melbourne for the Coolmore Stud Stakes but they have come back well , '' Ryan said .
`` He had about three weeks in the paddock and he 's flying .
`` He trialled better than I thought they would and was very fit coming into today .
`` He is much stronger than they were last time and I would love to win another Group One with them while they are a three-year-old .
`` I know Bert has been talking to some studs so hopefully they can get a deal . ''
Trapeze Artist has already had one win over Winx in a barrier trial on January 22 , which went largely unnoticed because of their presence and that of top sprinter Redzel .
Ace High 's trainer , David Payne , confirmed a traditional path for the colt .
`` He ca n't sit and sprint with them over the shorter distances but it was very pleasing to see them hit the line like they did , '' they said .
`` He 'll go to the Hobartville , the Randwick Guineas and the Rosehill Guineas and then either the Derby or the Queen Elizabeth Stakes . ''
Ryan Mayer
Major League Baseball has been doing everything it can think of over the past several years to make the game more appealing to younger viewers . Rule changes designed to cut down on playing time have been inconsistent , as games last year still averaged over three hours . But nonetheless the league is trying to change , which makes the recent report that attendance is down a little more concerning . According to the USA Today , average attendance at games this year leading into Memorial Day Weekend was down six percent when compared to the same time-frame in 2017 .
Now , as the commissioner Manfred points out in the piece , weather has certainly been a factor , with 35 games postponed already this year , while another 35 were played with game temps below 40 at first pitch . However , the piece argues , there is one other variable that should be considered . The competitiveness of the team in question .
“ Among the teams experiencing drops in home average attendance compared with the day before the holiday weekend last year were Miami ( 21,641 to 10,603 ) , Toronto ( 36,869 to 27,707 ) , Baltimore ( 27,992 to 19,404 ) , Detroit ( 27,699 to 19,837 ) , Pittsburgh ( 23,727 to 16,497 ) , Kansas City ( 26,154 to 19,757 ) , the Chicago White Sox ( 20,864 to 15,987 ) , Texas ( 31,940 to 27,198 ) , Cincinnati ( 21,681 to 17,848 ) and Cleveland ( 20,780 to 17,630 ) . ”
Of those teams , only the Indians are really expected to compete for a title this year , while the Blue Jays and Pirates could sneak into a Wild Card spot . Every one of the other teams is considered to be in the midst of a rebuilding process , most of which are in the beginning stages . If the trend of attendance continues the way that it has been , MLB would set its lowest average attendance mark in 15 years .
One other trend that has continued in a negative direction for the league is the continued rise of strikeouts . In April , there were more strikeouts than hits ( 6,656 to 6,360 ) , and May is tracking on the same curve ( 5,882 to 5,742 ) . While strikeouts are up , home runs , according to the piece , are down from the same point last season . For more on this and other big stories of the week in MLB , check out the video above .
Posted by admin on April 18 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers made a pair of moves on their defensive line Monday as they officially announced they signed defensive end Vinny Curry and released Robert Ayers Jr. , who also is a defensive end .
Terms of Curry 's deal were not released .
On Saturday , multiple media outlets reported it was a three-year deal worth $ 27 million , including $ 11.5 million guaranteed against injury .
Curry , 29 , became a free agent after the Philadelphia Eagles released them Friday when the sides could not reach an agreement on the contract they were seeking .
Curry spent their first six seasons with the Eagles , who picked them in the second round of the 2012 draft out of Marshall . In 84 regular-season games ( 16 starts ) , they totaled 130 tackles , 33 tackles for loss , 22 sacks and five forced fumbles .
Last season , they became a full-time starter on a defense that led the league in the fewest rushing yards allowed per game ( 79.2 ) .
Ayers was due a $ 1 million roster bonus if they remained on Tampa Bay 's roster .
Last season , they started 10 of 12 games , recording 31 tackles and 2.0 sacks .
A nine-year veteran , Ayers had 6.5 sacks in their first season with the Buccaneers in 2016 after registering a career-best 9.0 sacks the previous season with the New York Giants .
A first-round pick of Denver in 2009 , Ayers has appeared in 120 games ( 59 starts ) with the Broncos , Giants and Buccaneers , posting 34.5 sacks and 270 tackles .
Besides signing Curry and releasing Ayers , the Buccaneers also signed center Ryan Jensen .
Tampa Bay did not disclose terms of the deal , but on Friday the NFL Network reported Jensen was signing a four-year deal worth $ 42 million with $ 22 million guaranteed .
Jensen spent their first five seasons with the Baltimore Ravens and appeared in 35 games . They started all 16 games for Baltimore last season .
VOL . 42 | NO . 21 | Friday , May 25 , 2018
KNOXVILLE ( AP ) — Tennessee coach Jeremy Pruitt says linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. has changed their mind and will be staying with the Volunteers .
Kirkland shared on social media last week that they were leaving Tennessee after graduating with two years of eligibility remaining .
But Pruitt told reporters Tuesday at the Southeastern Conference meetings in Destin , Florida , that they met Kirkland over the weekend with the linebacker now excited to stay at Tennessee .
Kirkland made 10 starts and had 66 tackles as a first-year student in 2015 , but injuries limited them in 2016 and prevented them from playing at all last year . They made six starts and had 45 tackles in 2016 but missed five games with a high ankle sprain . They sat out the entire 2017 season with a knee injury .
× Crews Working to Put Out Flames in Carbon County
LANSFORD — Crews are working to put out a fire in Carbon County .
The fire sparked around 9 p.m. Friday evening along East Abbott Street in Lansford .
No word on what sparked the flames .
This is a developing story . Please check back for updates .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe closes their eyes during a meeting of the upper house budget committee at the parliament in Tokyo , Monday , March 19 , 2018 . Support ratings for Abe have plunged amid a widening school land sale scandal linked to their wife , possibly risking chances for their third term in party leadership . Abeâ€™s Cabinet has come under fire especially after Finance Ministry officials acknowledged tampered land deal documents , including deleting references to First Lady Akie Abe . ( AP Photo/Koji Sasahara )
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe closes their eyes during a meeting of the upper house budget committee at the parliament in Tokyo , Monday , March 19 , 2018 . Support ratings for Abe have plunged amid a widening school land sale scandal linked to their wife , possibly risking chances for their third term in party leadership . Abeâ€™s Cabinet has come under fire especially after Finance Ministry officials acknowledged tampered land deal documents , including deleting references to First Lady Akie Abe . ( AP Photo/Koji Sasahara )
TOKYO ( AP ) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was grilled by opposition lawmakers in parliament on Monday over a widening school land sale scandal linked to their wife , as their Cabinet 's approval ratings plunged to their lowest levels .
Opposition lawmakers renewed demands that Abe 's wife and top officials involved in the land sale be summoned to testify in parliament . Abe has denied wrongdoing .
Smoldering for a year , the scandal re-erupted last week after Finance Ministry officials acknowledged tampering with land deal documents , including deleting references to first lady Akie Abe , following a newspaper report in early March . The tampering is under criminal investigation by prosecutors .
On Monday , Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan lawmaker Tetsuro Fukuyama accused Abe of betraying parliament for nearly a year .
`` The Abe government 's attitude is entirely called into question , '' Fukuyama said .
Meanwhile , four media polls released Monday showed Cabinet approval ratings falling to the 30 percent range , the lowest since Abe took office in 2012 . Outside the prime minister 's office , thousands of protesters have gathered almost every day , demanding that Abe step down .
The sharp drop in Abe 's popularity could endanger their chances for a third term as leader of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and a three-year extension of their prime ministership . The LDP is due to hold a leadership vote in September .
A `` yellow light '' is blinking on Abe 's third term , the conservative Sankei newspaper , known for its support of Abe 's policies , said on its front page Monday .
The scandal stems from the 2016 sale of state land to school operator Moritomo Gakuen in Osaka at one-seventh of the appraised value with the alleged involvement of Akie Abe , who has said both they and their husband supported the school 's ultra-nationalistic philosophy of education .
Abe on Monday said their wife will step down from all honorary positions . They have also been criticized for appearing at public events while Abe refused to let them testify in parliament .
Ministry officials said the land deal documents were altered from late February to April last year at the instruction of the financial bureau , the ministry department in charge of state property transactions , mostly at its regional unit in Osaka .
Opposition lawmakers alleged that the tempering , which started soon after Abe stated in parliament in mid-February last year that they would step down if any proof of their or theirs wife 's involvement was found , might have been aimed at protecting Abe .
The head of the bureau resigned to take responsibility , and a second finance official in Osaka was found dead in an apparent suicide linked to the scandal .
___
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Find their work at https : //www.apnews.com/search/mari % 20yamaguchi
MONTEVIDEO , Uruguay ( AP ) - A prosecutor in Uruguay is asking for formal charges against a former vice president of the South American country .
Lawmakers accepted Raul Sendic 's resignation last year amid corruption accusations involving their tenure as head of state oil company ANCAP . It was the first time a vice president had stepped down in Uruguay .
Prosecutor Luis Pacheco on Monday also requested charges against eight other senior officials at ANCAP and its subsidiaries . A judge must now decide if Sendic goes to trial .
The corruption allegations surfaced after a weekly publication reported that between 2010 and 2013 , Sendic used corporate credit cards to make purchases at jewelry , electronics , furniture and other stores apparently unrelated to their official business .
He 's also accused of abuse of office over some contracts .
Sendic has repeatedly denied wrongdoing .
Half a dozen people including a young family with a baby were forced to leave their home on new year 's day following a fire in a two-storey house in Aylmer , Que .
It took 30 firefighters and 11 firetrucks to bring the raging fire under control in the three-apartment home at 29 du Patrimoine , Gatineau fire officials said in a written statement Monday .
The Canadian Red Cross was called in to help the young family find temporary lodging .
The fire started in a bedroom on the upper floor and quickly spread to the roof , fire officials said .
Swift intervention by firefighters went a long way to limit the damages estimated to be in the range of $ 80,000 .
While the house was heavily damaged by the flames , no injuries were reported .
Fire officials are investigating the cause of the fire .
Rescue workers are seen at the site where a bus carrying school children and adults rolled over on a road close to the town of Sveg , in northern Sweden April 2 , 2017 . TT News Agency/Nisse Schmidt/via REUTERS
Rescue workers are seen at the site where a bus carrying school children and adults rolled over on a road close to the town of Sveg , in northern Sweden April 2 , 2017 . TT News Agency/Nisse Schmidt/via REUTERS
Rescue workers are seen at the site where a bus carrying school children and adults rolled over on a road close to the town of Sveg , in northern Sweden April 2 , 2017 . TT News Agency/Nisse Schmidt/via REUTERS
Rescue workers are seen at the site where a bus carrying school children and adults rolled over on a road close to the town of Sveg , in northern Sweden April 2 , 2017 . TT News Agency/Nisse Schmidt/via REUTERS
STOCKHOLM Three people were killed when a bus carrying around 50 school children and a few adults rolled over on a road in northern Sweden on Sunday , news agency TT said .
Police said it was unclear what had caused the accident .
Around 28 people were injured , according to daily Expressen .
`` We know they drove off the road . We do n't know much more than that at this point , '' police spokesperson Marie Andersson said .
The accident occurred close to the town of Sveg in the northern region of Harjedalen .
( Reporting by Helena Soderpalm ; Editing by Mark Potter )
Ted Mann , who headed Philadelphia-based SnipSnap , was picked by the board of its Canada-based acquirer , Slyce , to run the whole company because their app division was profitable .
Tommy Hilfiger , the clothing brand , wanted to accelerate the months-long cycle of fashion show to cash register .
The company envisioned a smartphone app that would let fans buy the same clothes worn by models like Gigi Haddad as they went down the catwalks in the big annual shows in New York , Los Angeles , London , and Milan .
To build that app , TommyNow Snap , Hilfiger turned to a Philadelphia firm , Slyce . That company , formerly based in Canada , immigrated to Philly last year , following its 2015 purchase of SnipSnap , a Center City firm . SnipSnap 's founder , Ted Mann , experimented with moving coupon images and bar codes on the cloud-based note program Evernote , then developed a digital camera-based retail-identification system that landed Neiman Marcus as an early customer .
Slyce paid $ 1 million for SnipSnap and promised up to $ 5.5 million in future incentive payments ( which were later paid ) . When it bought SnipSnap , Slyce was a publicly traded tech holding company controlled by the family that previously owned K-Tel , a music retailer familiar to people who remember greatest-hits record album ads on late-night 1970s TV . Slyce put Mann , a 1999 Penn grad who had earlier worked in digital advertising for newspaper publisher Gannett Co. , in charge of its consumer apps division . The deal enabled SnipSnap to pay off an initial investment by the state-backed Ben Franklin Technology Partners .
Buoyed by $ 45 million from an initial public offering , Slyce then acquired Pounce , an Israeli catalog image-recognition app , and Drivetrain Agency , which was developing mobile apps . According to Mann , by January 2017 their division “ was the profitable part of the company , so the board asked me to take over the whole thing. ” They agreed to be CEO on condition that the company move back to their old base , Philadelphia . The company worked with Washington-based Anzu Partners to buy out the remaining public investors and recapitalize Slyce 's app assets .
“ Very quickly , we signed a ton of retailers , ” Mann recounts . “ Neiman Marcus remains a customer . We have Home Depot , Abercrombie & Fitch , Bed Bath & Beyond , Macy 's , JCPenney . We work with every major department store in the U.S. and most big-box retailers . Download the Home Depot app , go into the camera mode , that 's us . When you see a camera icon in a retail app , that 's almost always us .
“ We build the technology . We also do bar code scanning and catalog scanning . Image recognition is the coolest piece , you can take a picture of any product in a photo and match it to the retailer . Our competitors do n't have many customers. ” An exception is online giant Amazon , which uses its own camera tech .
Slyce employs 60 , more than half of those in Philly with others at an R & D center in Nova Scotia . Mann has added Philly talent , including Adam Turkelson as chief technical officer . “ Adam is a rock star in this world : computer-vision machine learning , ” Mann told me . Turkelson was one of the first engineers at Neat Co. ( formerly NeatReceipts ) , the Philadelphia-based payment-records scanning firm backed by Edison Ventures .
The TommyNow Snap app that Slyce made for Hilfiger was named Mobile Solution of the Year last month at the 13th annual Retail Systems Awards in London , by judges from Marks & Spencer and other big British retailers . “ That brand came back from near death — massive transformation , ” says Mann .
“ They had this dramatic shift in their go-to-market strategy . They made it immediately profitable , right off the runway . See now , buy now . They did n't use to have an easy way to do that with a mobile device . People do n't take a computer to a fashion show . So the asked us to make an app built around the camera and visible search . ”
No text required .
Rice University scientists have found a way to make their asphalt-based sorbents better at capturing carbon dioxide from gas wells : Just add water .
The Rice lab of chemist James Tour discovered that treating grains of inexpensive Gilsonite asphalts with water allows the material to adsorb more than two times its weight in the greenhouse gas . The treated asphalt selects carbon dioxide over valuable methane at a ratio of more than 200-to-1 .
The material performs well at ambient temperatures and under the pressures typically found at wellheads . When the pressure abates , the material releases the carbon dioxide , which can then be stored , sold for other industrial uses or pumped back downhole .
The research appears this month in Nature Energy .
Natural gas at the wellhead typically contains between 3 and 7 percent carbon dioxide , but at some locations may contain up to 70 percent . Oil and gas producers traditionally use one of two strategies to sequester carbon dioxide : physically through the use of membranes or solid sorbents like zeolites or porous carbons , or chemically through filtering with liquid amine , a derivative of ammonia .
But both these methods have drawbacks . Physical filters have a hard time differentiating between carbon dioxide and methane molecules , which are nearly identical in size ( 3.3 to 3.8 angstroms ) and polarizability ( important to bonding characteristics ) . Chemical approaches have better selectivity but are more expensive and corrosive , and they require a large input of energy and large equipment . Despite their high selectivity , amines capture only 13 percent by weight in carbon dioxide and need superheated steam to recycle the filtration system , Tour said , while the Rice team 's system is capturing more than 200 percent by weight and no thermal source is needed .
The new Rice material features the selectivity of amines , much higher uptake of carbon dioxide and no thermal requirements , they said . Coating the pore surfaces with water adds weak chemical absorption and high selectivity while retaining the material 's strong physical adsorption .
`` This is known as a pressure-swing adsorption system , which is easy to implement due to its small size , and there 's no need for heating since it works with the inherent pressure in the gas well , '' Tour said .
Water in Gilsonite forms a hydrate within pore microstructures that greatly increases the binding selectivity of carbon dioxide over methane , according to the researchers . While the grains ' micropores , at 23 angstroms , are far larger than the target molecules , the addition of water tightens the pores and decreases the pore volume through which the molecules must travel . The prepared Gilsonite has a surface area of 4,200 square meters per gram , so adding water still leaves plenty of room to capture carbon dioxide , Tour said .
Over multiple testing cycles at various pressures and temperatures between freezing and 50 degrees Celsius , degradation of the material was reportedly negligible . The researchers found that about 1 percent weight of the water content was lost during cycling but determined the water content of natural gas itself would likely replace that .
# # #
Almaz Jalilov , a former postdoctoral researcher at Rice and now an assistant professor at King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals , Saudi Arabia , is lead author of the study . Co-authors are Rice graduate student Yilun Li and research scientist Carter Kittrell . Tour is the T.T . and W.F . Chao Chair in Chemistry as well as a professor of computer science and of materials science and nanoengineering at Rice .
Apache Corp. supported the research .
Read the abstract at https : / / www . nature . com/ articles/ s41560-017-0030-y
This news release can be found online at http : //news . rice . edu/ 2017/ 12/ 10/ a-dab-of-water-aids-carbon-capture/
Follow Rice News and Media Relations via Twitter @ RiceUNews
Related materials :
Asphalt-based carbon-capture material advances : http : //news . rice . edu/ 2016/ 09/ 12/ asphalt-based-carbon-capture-material-advances/
Tour Group : http : //www . jmtour . com
Wiess School of Natural Sciences : http : //natsci . rice . edu
The next nor'easter : What you need to know
The next nor'easter : What you need to know Mar 18
Cassie Owens is a member of the Modern Life team , reporting on culture and trends . They are a Philadelphia native who previously reported for Billy Penn and served as assistant editor at Next City .
When Bill Costen , the first black commercial hot air balloon pilot , goes flying , they love to watch the faces of the people soaring with him . The faces , they explained , react to “ everything ” the balloon passes over .
A herd of deer running . Sports action in a stadium . A flock of birds and sometimes even an eagle .
Costen , 70 , has been hot air ballooning for 42 years and has seen a lot up there . He 's bringing their stories to Philadelphia later this week .
The former professional football player and Connecticut resident will be in town for FAVIA 225 , an event commemorating the 225th anniversary of the first hot air balloon flight in America . French pilot Jean-Pierre Blanchard made it – from Philadelphia – in 1793 .
Along with FAVIA , which stands for “ First Air Voyage in America , ” the Balloon Federation of America will also hold its national convention , beginning on Thursday . In 2016 , Costen won the federation 's Ed Yost Master Pilot Award , an honor given to pilots for successfully flying for four decades or more . Costen owns a traveling museum exhibit , which they will have at the conference to present about the history of ballooning .
In Blanchard 's day , hot air ballooning fascinated the founding fathers . Tom Crouch , a curator in the National Air and Space Museum 's Aeronautics Department , explained that it held a certain symbolism in early America : by releasing the “ chains of tyranny , ” the “ chains of gravity ” could be untethered as well , they said . Philadelphia , then the nation 's capital , was an important stage .
In a modern context , though , ballooning is a niche sport . A balloonist needs not only piloting skills , but a crew to follow their or their wind-guided path . Ideally , ballooning sites are in wide-open spaces , away from the power lines and tall buildings of a cityscape . Scheduling is weather-dependent , and weather is n't always hospitable in Connecticut , where Costen first fell in love with ballooning .
As a defensive tackle for the Buffalo Bills , they knew O.J . Simpson . Al Cowlings , the former Bills linebacker who drove the Bronco in Simpson 's televised police chase , was Costen 's roommate . That hot air ballooning became their trade after football was a “ pure accident , ” said Costen . A cousin asked them in 1975 if they wanted to start a balloon club , and Costen surprised them by saying “ yes . ”
“ At that time there were very few balloon pilots in the country , ” said Costen . “ So it was a challenge getting my licenses and everything and starting out in ballooning . ”
They could n't find an instructor who could see them through all of the training hours needed for a license . So , Costen spent months collecting hours with various instructors they met at conferences .
In 1978 , 185 years after Blanchard 's flight , Costen lifted off from the Philadelphia Museum of Art , taking part in a balloon race . Heading east , their balloon wafted across the Ben Franklin Bridge , as Costen nervously looked for an ideal landing spot . They remember touching down in a cornfield in Cherry Hill . Through the high stalks , they noticed a group of kids running over in excitement . The owner of the field , they said , was n't too happy , though . Costen recalls hearing them make a racial remark , “ It 's bad enough I see them walking down the street , now they 're dropping out of the sky . ”
Costen , Crouch and Glen Moyer , the editor of Balloon Federation of America 's Ballooning Journal , are all unsure why there have been so few black hot air balloon pilots . In 1977 , an Ebony magazine feature on hot air ballooning counted Costen as one of two black pilots in the country . “ As more blacks are exposed to the sport , I know that they 'll get hooked , ” Costen told the magazine back then . “ That 's a fact ! ”
Yet still , the ballooning world lacks diversity . “ If I 've taken 15,000 people , only about 40 have been black , ” Costen said Saturday .
Ballooning Journal has n't tracked racial demographics among pilots , but Moyer said that black participation remains remarkably low . They theorized that balloonists often are brought into the sport by those close to them .
“ The sport exploded in the late '70s and the early '80s , but there traditionally has n't been much participation , ” said Moyer . “ [ African Americans entering ] the sport through friends and familiarity just has never been there . ”
While Costen has heard bigoted comments throughout the years , they think that their status as a former NFL player allowed them to avoid some of the harshest forms of discrimination . “ Racist people – they love sports , ” they said .
Costen 's daughter is currently working on a documentary on their life . Aside from ballooning and football , Costen , who grew up in Omaha , also works as a photojournalist and is a passionate collector of black memorabilia , which led to their traveling archive , the Costen Cultural Exhibit .
“ He 's a rare treat as a human being , ” said Dwight Bachman , a friend . When Costen took them flying , “ The only thing you could hear was that hoosh of the helium released up in the air . It was like walking on air . ”
FAVIA hopes to re-enact Blanchard 's flight this week – weather permitting . Costen is looking forward to exhibiting on ballooning , with some black history mixed in , too .
“ I do n't think there 's anything better on earth , in terms of total fun , total excitement , total bewilderment , ” said Costen . “ Every once in a while , you wish you had n't gotten up that morning . But most of the time it 's wonderful . ”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Drainage work on a ditch behind the homes of several Gulfport residents was expected only take a few months , but a year later , the project still is n't finished .
Andreas Mikkelsen and co-driver Anders Jæger lead the way on day 1 of the 2017 Rally de Espana after a stunning debut in the Hyundai i20 Coupe WRC .
“ We could not have asked for a better start to our Hyundai Motorsport career. ” said the Norwegian . “ It has been a good day and I have been pleased with our approach .
“ We started this morning carefully , to understand the car 's behaviour and generally just finding our feet . A few changes to the settings allowed us to gain some time through the first Terra Alta run . ”
The former Volkswagen Motorsport works driver has been out of a full time drive since the departure of the German marque at the end of the 2016 season . Since then they have driven in the WRC2 class for Skoda and at three WRC class rallies for Citroen before ending up at Hyundai with a deal until the end of the 2019 season .
“ The car felt very stable and there were no surprises . In the afternoon , we became more and more confident in the car . ”
Even though Mikkelsen is commanding the lead of the rally it was n't plain sailing .
“ The final stage was n't ideal ; we thought we had a puncture so took it a bit easier . We made it to the end safely and it 's nice to be fighting at the very top .
“ It 's really close but it has definitely been a positive start for Anders and myself . ”
Classes are canceled for the rest of the week in Minco because so many kids are sick .
Classes are canceled for the rest of the week in Minco because so many kids are sick . This as parents and educators across the state say they are seeing it too . For example , in Edmond they 've seen absentees spike to 8-9 % and at Frontier Elementary it 's been more than double that .
Mrs . Call 's Kindergarten class was missing five students on Wednesday , and one day last week almost half of their 23 kids were absent .
“ There are some ear infections going around , I have kids throwing up , I have kids coughing , ” said Robyn Call .
At Frontier where 20 % of their students were out sick on Monday , the principal says more than half are confirmed cases of strep or the flu or both .
That was the same case at Minco where school was canceled for the rest of the week .
An epidemiologist with the State Health Department says they are seeing widespread flu cases statewide . But also , cases of Norovirus which is known as the 24-hour stomach bug , and lots of different respiratory viruses .
Dr. Kristen Lewis , a Pediatrician with Mercy Clinic says all that is normal for this type of year . But here 's what parents need to watch for :
“ Symptoms that are concerning , especially to bring ( your child ) in : fever , especially lasting several days , they are n't wanting to eat or drink , looking sluggish , if they 're vomiting and it 's not controlled over a day or two . ”
And all health experts recommend lots of handwashing and lots of extra cleaning using bleach or a cleaner that says it 's active against norovirus .
The Health Department also says they have been seeing some cases of a type-B flu strain that may not have been included in the flu shot depending on what type of vaccine you received .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi 's recent visit to the White House was of paramount importance to combatting radical Islamic terrorism .
As evidenced by the recent Palm Sunday church bombings by radical Islamists , Egypt finds itself on the front lines in the battle against Islamic radicalism , and more specifically , the Muslim Brotherhood .
It was Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood that started an Islamic revolution in 2011 , which created a domino effect , extending into Syria and across the globe .
The Syrian Muslim Brotherhood , empowered by the revolution in Egypt , rose to establish an Islamic order in Syria , attempting to eliminate Assad , as their counterpart did to Mubarak in Egypt .
Assad 's loyal ally Russia came to their defense , while our shameful government under President Barack Obama threw Mubarak under the bus .
After President Obama disgracefully endorsed Mohamed Morsi , the MB leader during the Egyptian uprising of 2011 , they went even further to destroying an ally in the fight against Islamic extremism when they blocked billions in aid to Egypt after El-Sisi rightfully deposed Morsi in 2014 .
Time and time again , our former President stood shoulder to shoulder with Islamic radicals and threw our allies who stood with us in our fight against terrorism under the bus .
Today , President Donald Trump must make it clear to foreign leaders that there is a new sheriff in town , and we will not tolerate those who engage in , or support , Islamic terrorism .
El-Sisi understands the nature of the Muslim Brotherhood , and the threat it poses to both Egypt and the United States .
It was the Muslim Brotherhood that assassinated Anwar Sadat , the former Egyptian president who signed a peace treaty with Israel .
They killed them in cold blood because they were a peacemaker .
Osama Bin Laden , 9/11 ringleader Muhammad Atta , the head of Al-Qaeda Ayman al- Zawahiri , and Islamic State head Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi were all members of the Brotherhood .
The two most powerful countries in the Middle East – Egypt and Saudi Arabia – have designated the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization .
Egypt is the largest Islamic country in the Middle East , with 80 million Muslim , and the most powerful Arabic army .
Saudi Arabia is the most revered Islamic country in the world , not only because of its religious significance , being the home of Islamic Prophet Mohammed , but also because it is a global oil player .
They both understand the existential threat the Brotherhood pose . Yet disgracefully , our government still has not designated this organization as the terrorist entity that it is . A refusal to designate the MB as a terrorist organization leaves us fighting the war on terror with not only an arm tied behind our backs , but blindfolded .
This would be like trying to combat fascism in the 1930 's without naming the Nazis as a target .
How frustrating it must be for allies in the middle east like El-Sisi , whose country has been plagued by the Brotherhood for almost a century , to see such reluctance on the part of the United States to properly identify our enemies .
It is critical for both restoring relations with those willing to fight this enemy with us , that we stop wasting time , and call a spade a spade .
There is simply too much at stake with the Brotherhood running wild .
What makes the Brotherhood particularly dangerous is that , in addition to being the most influential Islamic terrorist organization , it is also the most educated .
Bin Laden was an engineer , and al-Zawahiri a Surgeon , Al-Baghdadi is a Doctor of Philosophy . So we are not dealing with your average rent a jihadist when it comes to the Brotherhood .
In 1982 , the Brotherhood wrote a 100-year plan for radical Islam to infiltrate and dominate the West , and establish an Islamic government on the earth . In counter-terrorism circles , it became known as “ The Project. ” This outlines in crystal clarity , Brotherhood intentions to destroy America from within . They endeavor to do this by infiltrating the media , government , and educational system .
The Brotherhood have already established successful front groups within the U.S , posing as moderate Islamic advocacy groups , such as CAIR and ISNA . This has allowed them access to our elected officials such as President Obama and their cabinet . Consequently , they have influenced public policies that left us vulnerable .
Now is the time to reverse the damage done under Obama 's administration .
The enemy is no longer at our doorstep , but in our house .
We must heed the guidance of President El- Sisi and other middle eastern allies , and designate the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization once and for all . Every day that passes without such a designation , the tentacles of Islamic terror wrap tighter around us . President Trump , the time is now . For the sake of our country , and protection of Western civilization , please designate this organization as the mothership of jihad that it is .
Brigitte Gabriel is a terrorism analyst and a two times New York Times best-selling author of “ Because They Hate ” and “ They Must Be Stopped ” . They are the Founder and Chairman of ACT for America , the nation 's largest grassroots organization devoted to promoting national security and defeating terrorism .
In the first play , `` Orpheus , '' two Army medics , Chad ( Matthew Sincell ) and Carey ( Natalia Noble ) , are about to get Purple Hearts for valor in combat . Orpheus , you may remember , is the character from Greek mythology who went to hell and came back . Carey lost their best friend to an IED explosion and is mired in grief and guilt ; Noble adeptly juggles their chaotic mix of confusion and despair . Sincell 's unabashedly gay Chad — `` I 'm showing the world who I am and where I 've been , '' they announce — is flamboyant and funny as they try to get them to pull themselves together with the play 's underlying message : `` If you just keep looking back , you will never be able to go forward . You 've got to go forward ; that 's what being alive is about . ''
Alyson Moss ( Cassandra Stokes-Wylie ) and Vincent Russo ( Topher Rasmussen ) are driving in a convoy truck in `` Harbur Gate , '' the second , most compelling play . The two are arguing about the place of women in the military — `` men are men , and women are not , '' Russo maintains — when an incident — the one that unifies the three plays — occurs . `` Harbur Gate '' beautifully balances real and surreal , and Rasmussen and Stokes-Wylie make a seamless transition between prickly animosity and the compassionate moments that unite them at the play 's end , where they become like mother and child .
The third play , `` Veteran in a New Field , '' is the most metaphorical , counterpointing images of blindness and seeing . Michelle ( Ariana Broumas Farber ) is a veteran with PTSD who `` see ( s ) things that are n't there , '' while John ( Lane Richins ) , a blind painter , has exchanged sight for insight . The title comes from a Winslow Homer painting John uses for inspiration , but both characters are veterans in a new field . John comforts Michelle with the observation , `` Sometimes…you get to begin again….You get to live…on a whole different level….You exist in your own contradiction….The pain allows you to heal . '' Farber vacillates effectively from agitation and bitterness to pride and understanding , and Richins is philosophical without getting heavy-handed .
Tamilla Woodard 's direction is tight but sensitive to the emotional arcs of `` Harbur Gate , '' and they have choreographed military interludes to connect the plays . Shannon Roberts ' set is stark and functional ; its gray metal benches convert to a sofa , and the floor is covered with sand ; these characters ca n't escape the desert . Jesse Portillo 's evocative , constantly shifting lighting features a scrim that can look like an explosion or a metal sheet . Erin West 's character-defining costumes and Jennifer Jackson 's original music sharply define place and time .
The voices of the many veterans Cahill interviewed shine through these plays like lights in the darkness , but they interweave and connect in a patchwork of the human condition that is all their own . This play , Cahill 's most accomplished to date , is indelible testimony to their resilience and diversity .
Rick O'Brien Staff Writer
Rick O'Brien has been on our staff since 1993 , primarily covering high school sports in Southeastern Pennsylvania . They focus on football and boys ' basketball and baseball , with other events ( Penn Relays , regattas on the Schuylkill , etc . ) and some pro sports mixed in .
LISBON , Portugal ( AP ) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel has arrived in Portugal for a 24-hour official visit during which they will discuss the European Union 's future with local officials .
Merkel flew Wednesday to the northern Portuguese city of Porto , where they were met by Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Costa .
They were due to inaugurate a research center run by German auto parts manufacturer Bosch before visiting Porto University 's Institute for Health Research and Innovation , where they were to meet with students .
On Thursday , Merkel is due in the capital city of Lisbon for talks with President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa and with Costa before a lunchtime news conference .
Germany is one of Portugal 's biggest foreign investors .
Wide receiver Calvin Ridley agreed to terms on a rookie contract with the Atlanta Falcons , their agents SportsTrust Advisors announced on Wednesday .
The deal is for four years with a team option on a fifth for Ridley , who was selected by the Falcons with the 26th overall pick of the 2018 NFL Draft . Atlanta has yet to announce the deal .
According to Spotrac , Ridley is estimated to earn a total of $ 10.9 million over four years and count for $ 1.9 million against the salary cap in 2018 .
Ridley had 63 receptions for 967 yards and five touchdowns this past season with Alabama . The 6-foot-1 , 190-pounder finished their career with the Crimson Tide with 224 catches for 2,781 yards and 19 scores .
`` We see them as a versatile receiver that can play inside and outside , '' Falcons head coach Dan Quinn said of the 23-year-old Ridley , per 247Sports . `` He 's fast , but he 's highly agile and has the ability to stop and start well . He 's got 19 touchdowns in their career . Again , he 's a play-making type of guy . He 's an explosive guy for us , and that 's an important part . He 's a guy that can beat man-to-man , and they have that type of quickness . Only a few guys have the speed that play outside and can change direction to play inside . So , he 's really a quick guy .
`` You can tell he 's been really well-coached , and is a rock solid guy . He 's ready to contribute right away . ''
By Melissa Luz T. Lopez , Senior Reporter
INCREASED digital transactions in the Philippines will provide a substantial boost to overall economic growth , the central bank chief said , at a time when the financial technology ( fintech ) market is seen growing by nearly a fifth annually .
Citing industry data , Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas ( BSP ) Governor Nestor A. Espenilla , Jr. said transactions in the fintech space are expected to grow exponentially in the coming years , which could unlock more robust domestic economic activity .
Mr. Espenilla said amounts processed in the fintech market are projected to hit $ 5.7 billion this year alone , with yearly growth projected to hit 16.4 % .
“ By 2022 , the fintech market in the country is projected to amount to $ 10.5 billion , ” Mr. Espenilla said in a speech during the National Conference of Employers last week .
The central bank is relying on these online solutions in order to get more Filipinos into using formal channels for payments and borrowings and away from steep margins set by loan sharks .
In turn , broader financial inclusion is expected to lift overall growth prospects .
“ Estimates show that the country 's GDP ( gross domestic product ) could increase by more than 14 % if the financial inclusion gap was closed . An important part of this solution is digital enablement , ” Mr. Espenilla said , citing World Bank data .
“ Digital applications and related regulatory initiatives are expected to boost Philippine GDP by about 3 % , ” the governor added , noting that this could also lead to an 11 % increase in incomes for the country 's poorest segment .
Improved ease of access to money is seen to spur more economic activity .
Remittance costs are likewise seen trimmed to a low of two percent from 7.1 % as a share of inbound fund transfers , Mr. Espenilla said , which would be a game-changer as far as the 10 million overseas Filipino workers ( OFW ) and their families .
OFW remittances — which reached $ 28.06 billion in 2017 — support domestic consumption , which remains to be a major growth driver for the Philippine economy .
The central bank also issued Circular 1000 on Monday to set the guidelines for the new clearing house that allows real-time transfer of credit across accounts from different banks and e-wallets .
All financial firms part of InstaPay need to maintain a demand deposit account specifically for the settlement or clearing of these instant payments , which shall “ prefund ” its obligations for fund transfers . Amounts maintained under this account should be raised during longer settlement cycles like weekends and holidays , the BSP said , as InstaPay runs 24/7 and all-year round .
InstaPay will clear transactions worth P50,000 or less , with credit movements expected in a matter of seconds . It is expected to be more high-impact in terms of processing money transfers , as it is expected to give a substantial boost for e-commerce .
The central bank is eyeing to raise the share of e-payments to at least 20 % of total transactions by 2020 , coming from a measly 1 % recorded in 2013 .
As of Monday , seven banks can now to send and receive real-time cash transfers , while 11 other lenders and two fintech companies are able to credit payment instructions which they receive from other players .
Plagued with increasing drug overdose deaths , the western city of Vancouver is calling on the government of Canada to decriminalize the personal possession of all drugs . The city wants to couple this with treatment and overdose prevention services in a bid to turn the issue into one of public health rather than criminal justice .
‘ Politicians are afraid…people are dying '
“ Advocates have been calling for this discussion for more than three decades , ” says Eugene Oscapella , a lawyer who teaches drug policy at the University of Ottawa . “ In a sense we have a drug problem , but we have a bigger political problem because…politicians are afraid to take on this issue and unfortunately , people are dying as a consequence of that . ”
Canada will decriminalize the recreational use of marijuana within a year , but there is no sign it is considering doing so with other street drugs . In January of 2018 , there were 33 overdose deaths in Vancouver , and there has been a growing wave of deaths across the country , in many cases involving the powerful opioid fentanyl .
Portugal sets the example
Advocates point to the experience of Portugal which changed its law to make possession of drugs for personal use an offence punished with a ticket rather than a criminal charge . If users there are determined to have a drug problem they may be provided help from lawyers , psychologists , and social workers .
Oscapella says the approach seems to have worked very well given that Portugal has the lowest death rate from drug overdose in Europe , the use of hero decreased from 100,000 in 2001 to 25,000 now , and the rate of HIV among injection drug users has plummeted .
Middle class families affected
Overdose deaths no longer affect only the marginalized . Oscapella says that as more middle class families are affected there will be increasing pressure governments to take action . It would be up to the federal government to change drug laws , and up to provincial and municipal governments to provide health and social services to unhealthy users .
A Delaware County Grand Jury issued a number of indictments Friday .
Individuals indicted by the grand jury included :
Benjamin J. Owings , of Delaware , was charged with abduction , a third-degree felony ; assault , a first-degree misdemeanor ; and aggravated menacing , a first-degree misdemeanor .
Marcus D. Allen , of Eastpointe , Michigan , was charged with trafficking in drugs , a third-degree felony ; and possession of drugs , a third-degree felony .
Maggie M. Mullins , of Delaware , was charged with possession of drugs , a fifth-degree felony . An arraignment has been set for Feb. 2 at 9:15 a.m .
Johnny R. Harper , Jr. , of Akron , was charged with possession of drugs , a fifth-degree felony .
Kenzi R. Graves , of New Albany , was charged with possession of drugs , a fifth-degree felony .
Shavelle J. Caslin , of Columbus , was charged with with tampering with evidence , a third-degree felony . An arraignment has been set for Feb. 2 at 9:30 a.m .
Kionnie L. Davis , of Columbus , was charged with possession of drugs , a fifth-degree felony .
Anthony D. Shires , of Columbus , was charged with two counts of possession of drugs , a fourth-degree felony and a first-degree misdemeanor .
Shaun J. Patrick , of Kenton , Ohio , was charged with possession of drugs , a fifth-degree felony . An arraignment has been set for Feb. 16 at 8:30 a.m .
John R. Holley II , of Bidwell , Ohio , was charged with illegal conveyance of weapons , drugs or other prohibited items onto grounds of a detention facility or institution , a third-degree felony ; and two counts of possession of drugs , fifth-degree felonies . An arraignment has been set for Feb. 16 at 8:45 a.m .
Roy R. Miller , of Detroit , Michigan , was charged with trafficking in drugs , a fifth-degree felony .
Brandon D. Frazier , of Canal Winchester , was charged with three counts of drugs and three counts of possession of drugs , all second-degree felonies .
Deandre K.L . McClarin , of Powell , was charged with two counts of trafficking in drugs , fifth-degree felonies ; and one count of possession of drugs , a minor misdemeanor .
Marlon Braxton , of Detroit , Michigan , was charged with one count of trafficking in drugs and one count of possession of drugs , both third-degree felonies .
Richard J. Davis , of Columbus , was charged with two counts of trafficking in drugs , fifth-degree felonies .
Brock M. Perry , of Delaware , was charged with two counts of felonious assault , second-degree felonies ; one count of kidnapping , a first-degree felony ; one count of menacing by stalking , a fourth-degree felony ; and one count of domestic violence , a first-degree misdemeanor .
By Glenn Battishill gbattishill @ aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Glenn Battishill at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @ BattishillDG .
Contact Glenn Battishill at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @ BattishillDG .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Yemeni Americans in New York are speaking out against a U.S. travel ban as the Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments over whether it should be upheld .
Some Yemeni owners of bodegas , the corner stores so prevalent in New York City , shut down for an hour on Tuesday afternoon to protest against the ban . It was a shortened version of a protest bodega owners initiated last year .
The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments over Republican President Donald Trump 's ban on Wednesday .
This third version of the ban bars nationals of several Muslim majority countries from entering the United States .
Opponents say it discriminates against Muslims ; supporters say it 's necessary for national security purposes .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - The Supreme Court said Tuesday that foreign businesses can not be sued in U.S. courts by foreign victims of human rights abuses and extremist attacks .
The justices voted 5-4 in favor of the Jordan-based Arab Bank . It was sued by Israeli victims of attacks in the West Bank and Gaza who claim that the bank helped finance the attacks . The victims had tried to use the 18th-century Alien Tort Statute to hold the bank accountable for its role .
But the court 's conservative justices rejected that attempt .
`` As demonstrated by this litigation , foreign corporate defendants create unique problems . And courts are not well suited to make the required policy judgments that are implicated by corporate liability in cases like this one , '' Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the majority .
The decision continues the court 's paring back a three-decade-old strategy by human rights lawyers to use civil suits to pursue individuals who may be responsible for torture and other atrocities , as well as companies with operations in countries with poor records in the area of human rights .
Victims in the case alleged that the bank , through the involvement of its New York branch , knowingly distributed millions of dollars to finance suicide bombings and make `` martyrdom '' payments to reward the families of militants who killed civilians .
The bank denied the allegations and argued that allowing the victims ' claims to go forward would interfere with U.S. foreign policy and lead to diplomatic friction . Kennedy noted that friction in their opinion , writing that : `` For 13 years , this litigation has 'caused significant diplomatic tensions ' with Jordan , a critical ally in one of the world 's most sensitive regions . ''
The Alien Tort Statute , adopted in part to deal with piracy claims , went unused for most of American history until rights lawyers dusted it off beginning in the late 1970s . The Supreme Court cautiously endorsed the use of the law in 2004 , but left unanswered precisely who could be held liable and in what circumstances .
In 2013 , the justices ruled that people or entities sued under the Alien Tort Statute must have a real connection to the United States . The court declined then to decide whether businesses could be sued .
Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote in a dissent for themselves and three liberal colleagues that the majority 's decision `` absolves corporations from responsibility '' under the Alien Tort Statute for `` conscience-shocking behavior . ''
SAN FRANCISCO -- Washington Nationals right-hander Tanner Roark will put an impressive streak on the line Tuesday when they face hot-hitting Mac Williamson and the San Francisco Giants on the second night of a three-game series .
The Giants won the series opener 4-2 on Monday , getting a two-run homer and three RBIs in all from Williamson , who was promoted from the minors just last week when Hunter Pence was placed on the disabled list .
Williamson has wasted no time making an impression on the Giants . Their home run Monday off Nationals left-hander Gio Gonzalez not only was their second in four games , but at 464 feet , was the longest by a Giant this season .
In fact , the righty hitter 's blast to right-center field was the longest to the opposite field in the majors this season , and the fourth-longest to any field .
`` I just have n't seen many balls hit there , even in batting practice , '' gushed Giants manager Bruce Bochy of a shot that landed within a few feet of a plaque commemorating Barry Bonds ' record-setting 756th home run in 2014 .
`` That 's impressive , '' Bochy continued . `` Just shows you how strong this guy is . That 's an area where few guys can hit a ball . ''
Williamson also drove in a third run with a fielder 's choice grounder , giving them five RBIs in their four games .
Before last week 's call-up , the 27-year-old had 92 games of major league experience , including five at-bats against Roark .
As has been the case against most Giants in their career , Roark has dominated the head-to-head , holding Williamson hitless while striking them out three times .
Roark ( 1-1 , 3.24 ) has faced the Giants seven times in their career , including four times as a starter . He 's never lost , going 6-0 with a 2.02 ERA .
He 's the only active pitcher with better than a 4-0 record against the Giants .
Roark was last seen in San Francisco contributing seven innings to a 3-0 shutout win for the Nationals last May . They allowed six hits and one walk , striking out six .
The 31-year-old has gone 3-0 with a 2.42 ERA in four games , including three starts , in San Francisco .
Attempting to win a second straight game to open a 10-game homestand , the Giants will counter with left-hander Ty Blach , who has pitched in hard luck this season .
Blach ( 1-3 , 4.10 ) has received a total of eight runs of support in their five starts . He 's coming off back-to-back losses of 5-1 at San Diego and 3-1 at Arizona .
They have never faced the Nationals in their career .
Blach will be facing a Washington team that 's struggled to score runs without injured regulars Adam Eaton , Daniel Murphy and Anthony Rendon .
The Nationals , now 3-4 on a nine-game trip , totaled only eight runs while losing two of three in Los Angeles against the Dodgers , before managing only five hits and two runs against the Giants ' Chris Stratton and three relievers on Monday .
Giants pitchers have allowed four or fewer runs in seven straight games .
INDIO , Calif. – A 36-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of stealing more than 100 cellphones during the Coachella Art and Music Festival , officials said Monday .
Authorities said that several concertgoers noticed their phones were missing and activated their “ Find my iPhone ” feature , according to the Indio Police Department .
Some victims were able to find and follow the suspect , identified as Reinaldo De Jesus Henao . They were eventually detained by security and arrested by Indio Police officials .
Henao , of New York , allegedly had more than 100 cellphones in their backpack . Several phones were returned to their owners and the remaining ones were turned into lost and found , officials said .
Henao faces grand theft and possession of stolen property charges .
Indio Police advise concertgoers to place their wallets or phones in their front pocket and to use an elastic band around their items to prevent them from sliding out .
Officials also advise those enjoying the festival to consider taking a “ dummy wallet ” to confuse potential thieves , and to spread valuables instead of keeping them in one place .
WELLS , ME ( CBS Local ) – A friendly dog 's “ thank you ” to the firefighter who rescued them from a roof has gone viral .
The pup in Wells , Maine got themselves into a rough situation over the Memorial Day weekend when they escaped out the second floor window of their owner 's home and was trapped on a small porch roof .
“ We received numerous calls but one concerned citizen , Phil Burke , discovered them early on and notified us . Another awesome citizen stood by with the dog until we could arrive on scene ! ” Wells Police wrote on Facebook .
When a firefighter climbed up to help the dog get back inside , the grateful pup became more interested in showing their appreciation than getting off the roof . Police on the ground recorded the friendly dog circling Fire Department Captain Jeff Nawfel and giving them a bunch of kisses on the face before getting a final nudge back into theirs home .
The dog 's “ thank you ” was posted on May 27 and has already been viewed over 16,000 times . “ Thank you to all that called and helped save him , ” officers wrote on Facebook .
CLEARWATER , Fla. – Florida police have raised eyebrows by showing up at a funeral home and trying to use a dead man 's finger to access their phone , the Tampa Bay Times reports .
Victoria Armstrong was at Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home in Clearwater when two detectives showed up and held the hands of their fiance , Linus Phillip , to the fingerprint sensor on their phone .
“ I just felt so disrespected and violated , ” Armstrong says . The unlocking attempt failed , but police—who shot and killed Phillip in a gas-station clash last month , per WFLA—say the phone 's data could have helped in probing the man 's death and resolving a drug inquiry that includes Phillip .
The move also triggered debate about using a corpse to unlock a phone .
“ While the deceased person does n't have a vested interest in the remains of their body , the family sure does , so it really does n't pass the smell test , ” says a professor at Stetson University College of Law . “ There 's a ghoulish component to it that 's troubling to most people . ”
But police say they got Phillip 's phone within a 48- to 72-hour period when fingerprint access is allowed , and Florida law only states who are authorized to get rid of a dead person 's remains—not who has access to them .
So this will likely go to the courts , where judges are n't always kind to the dead . “ The law has been most cruel , really unforgiving to a dead person , ” says another law professor . “ It provides no entitlement or legal rights after death to a deceased person . ”
This article originally appeared on Newser : Cops Try Unlocking Phone With Dead Man 's Finger
More From Newser :
We could soon be doing check-ups with a digital doctor The West Australian
Digital doctors on our smartphone devices could soon track be able to track out health .
Janis M. Reinhart , 64 of Fostoria , died at 8:03 p.m. Sunday , February 12 , 2017 at Tiffin Mercy Hospital in Tiffin .
Born in Seneca County , Ohio , they were the daughter of the late Rolla Burney and Anna Mary ( Feck ) Osborn . They married Robert J. Reinhart on May 12 , 1973 and they survive in Fostoria .
They are also survived by five children , Rose M. Reinhart of Tiffin , Patricia A. Reinhart of Tiffin , Joseph M. Reinhart of Fostoria , Ann M. Reinhart of Toledo and Theresa A. Reinhart of Fostoria ; three grandsons , Allen M. Reinhart , James M. Reinhart and Dylan T. Reinhart ; three brothers , Daniel J. Osborn of Alta Loma , CA , and David N. ( Mollie ) Osborn and Robert G. ( Nancy ) Osborn , both of Fostoria ; and a sister in-law , Cleo P. Osborn of Tiffin .
Preceding them in death were their parents ; a brother , James R. Osborn ; and a sister , Kathleen M. Frasure .
Janis was a Registered Nurse for the past 44 years at Tiffin Mercy Hospital .
Friends will be received Saturday , February 18 , 2017 from 10 a.m. to noon at the STOMBAUGH-BATTON FUNERAL HOME , Carey , Ohio .
A Memorial Service will be at noon at the funeral home with Father Tim Kummerer officiating . Burial will follow at St. Nicholas Cemetery , Frenchtown .
Memorial contributions may be made to the charity of donor 's choice in care of Stomaugh-Batton Funeral Home , 225 West Findlay Street , Carey , OH 43316-1169 .
Online condolences may be sent to StombaughBatton.com .
Comments
comments
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) - Canada has imposed new sanctions against key figures in the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , Global Affairs Canada said in a press release on Wednesday .
`` In response to the illegitimate and anti-democratic presidential elections held in Venezuela on May 20 , Canada today announces further sanctions on key figures in the Maduro regime , '' the release said .
The sanctions target 14 individuals responsible `` for the deterioration of democracy in Venezuela , '' the foreign ministry added .
READ MORE : EU to Impose Targeted Restrictions Against Venezuela Over Presidential Vote
© AP Photo / Andrew Harnik 'Disappointed , Not Surprised ' : Pompeo Slams Diplomats ' Expulsion From Venezuela
Canada is not the first country to introduce restrictions against Venezuela following the re-election of Nicolas Maduro . Previously , Washington , citing `` fraudulent vote , '' banned US citizens from all transactions tied to Venezuelan government debt . The order they signed also prevented Venezuelan officials from selling equity in any entity majority-owned by the government . The EU , in its turn , froze some assets belonging to a number of Venezuelan individuals , companies and organizations
On May 20 , Venezuela held its presidential election , with four candidates in the running . According to the National Electoral Council ( NEC ) , incumbent leader Nicolas Maduro was re-elected as Venezuelan president for their second term , having secured 68 percent of votes , with slightly over 46 percent voter turnout . A number of states , including the EU members , have slammed the vote as either unfair or illegitimate .
Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 14 years .
With Bcachefs on its trek towards the mainline Linux kernel , this week I conducted some benchmarks using the very latest Bcachefs file-system code and compared its performance to the mainline Btrfs , EXT4 , F2FS , and XFS file-system competitors on both rotating and solid-state storage .
Back when Bcachefs debuted in 2015 I ran some initial file-system benchmarks for this work spawn out of the Bcache block cache kernel code that aims to offer speedy performance while having ZFS/Btrfs-like features . Three years later , Bcachefs is being reviewed for inclusion into the mainline Linux kernel .
Among the features being worked on for Bcachefs include copy-on-write ( CoW ) functionality , multiple device support , caching , compression , encryption , snapshots , and various other modern file-system features with this project led by Kent Overstreet . Those wishing to learn more about Bcachefs can visit Bcachefs.org .
For this Bcachefs testing I was using the latest bcachefs.git and bcachefs-tools.git as of Monday , 28 May . Currently the work is based against the Linux 4.16.0 kernel . From that kernel deployed on an Ubuntu 18.04 LTS x86_64 server I also tested Btrfs , EXT4 , XFS , and F2FS file-systems using out-of-the-box mount settings for each file-system . The I/O scheduler during testing was the default CFQ as with other settings being at their defaults to see how these file-systems compare without any tweaking .
The Bcachefs/Btrfs/EXT4/F2FS/XFS tests were done on both a HDD ( well , sans F2FS in that case ) and an SSD . The HDD used was a 2TB Seagate Barracuda ST2000DM006-2DM1 SATA 3.0 HDD and a 120GB SATA 3.0 TOSHIBA-TR150 SSD . All of these Linux disk benchmarks were carried out using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software .
Also , unaffiliated voters living in the 3rd District who would like to vote in the GOP congressional primary may still do so if they fill out papers at voting centers to officially register as Republican . That is required because the Republican Party has a closed primary that excludes unaffiliated voters or registered Democrats .
All it took was cracking open a book and singing a little jingle to capture the attention of Pre-K students at Kreole Primary . The school was one of the stops on Mississippi First Lady Deborah Bryant 's `` Read Across Mississippi '' tour .
Each visit was only about 30 minutes , but Bryant said they believe it will have a lasting impact . They started the campaign with the goal of reading at a school in every county of the state to spark students ' interest in reading .
`` Back when Phil first became governor , and we realized what a problem we have with literacy in the state , with children not being able to read at a third grade level by the time they got to the third grade , it just broke my heart , '' they said .
They also use the tour as a chance to talk about how their husband Governor Phil Bryant has dyslexia .
`` I have so many parents that come to me and say how much that meant to them and their kids , to know that he 's dyslexic too , and he 's governor , '' Bryant said .
Moss Point city leaders also joined in on this push for literacy .
`` They get to see us in a different light , and they start appreciating reading , and we can be very influential to them as role models and get them to read , '' said Mayor Mario King .
The tour ended with a special unveiling of the Rejuvenation Station . The area will include exercise equipment and games , but it will also be home to a literacy program , an initiative led by Mayor Mario King 's wife , Natasha .
Bryant said they plan to be back on the coast in a few weeks to read to students in Bay St. Louis .
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All rights reserved .
Two men were taken to the hospital with serious but non-life threatening injuries after an explosion in southwest Austin , Texas , on Sunday evening , authorities said .
With the state pursuing more aggressive clean-energy policies , the energy sector will undergo a major transformation that will require fundamental changes in how and when electricity and gas are delivered .
At least that seemed to be the consensus of experts during a NJ Spotlight roundtable event Friday that focused on modernizing the state 's energy infrastructure , an issue fraught with challenges and not insignificant costs .
It also comes at a time of rapid technological changes and the need to upgrade an aging power grid to cope with integrating cleaner , but intermittent , energy sources into the mix , while facing pressure to make the entire system more resilient , the panelists agreed .
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
MIDLAND CITY , Ala. — Kayla Moore used the final campaign rally for their husband to fire back against accusations that they hate Jews , black people and women , with an interesting choice of evidence .
“ Fake news would tell you that we do n't care for Jews . But I 'll tell you all this because I see you all , I just want to set the record straight while they 're here : One of our attorneys is a Jew , ” Kayla Moore said , waving towards the back of the room where reporters were gathered . “ We have very close friends who are Jewish . ”
The comment came towards the end of a testy and sometimes bizarre rally Monday night where she , their deeply controversial husband , Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore , and top allies lashed out at all of their enemies , real and imagined : The multiple women who 've accused them of sexual misconduct towards them when they were teenagers , the “ fake news ” that covered the women 's claims , the Republican establishment that 's recoiled from Moore since the allegations broke , and the Democrats who are hoping to score a shocking victory against them on Tuesday .
It was a fitting capstone for one of the most bizarre elections in recent memory .
Moore , who 's been missing from the campaign trail for almost a week , admitted he 'd gone to Philadelphia “ for two and a half days ” to see their son play in the Army-Navy football game , while slamming reporters daring to report on their absence . Moore 's campaign had steadily refused to say where they are , insisting he 'd been doing private events around the state .
“ That 's one reason I do n't talk to the media — they wo n't print the truth , ” they said .
﻿
The event , held in an upscale barn in the deeply conservative and rural southeast corner of the state , featured stars of the hard right including former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon , former Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke and Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R-TX ) . A few hundred hardcore supporters showed up , as did almost as many journalists and dozens of protestors waving signs for Moore 's opponent , Democrat Doug Jones .
Bannon painted the race as “ an up or down vote between the Trump miracle and the nullification project ” — and issued broadsides against the media and the GOP establishment , barely mentioning Moore for much of their speech .
“ There 's a special place in hell for Republicans who should know better , ” they said to cheers , seemingly tweaking first daughter Ivanka Trump for their comments that “ there 's a special place in hell for people who prey on children . ”
Gohmert , a former judge , said the women who have accused Moore should be jailed if they lied : “ If somebody got money for trying to destroy a righteous man , there 's a place called prison . ”
But both were just warm-up acts for a man who said they served in Vietnam with Moore — and told a story about the two of them being taken by another soldier to a brothel they 'd thought was just a private club when they 'd agreed to go . As soon as Moore realized where they were , they said they should leave immediately , the man said .
“ That was Roy . Honorable , disciplined , morally straight and highly principled , ” they said , describing the accusations against Moore as the “ political equivalent of a Vietcong ambush . ”
The race has been consumed by accusations from multiple women of sexual misconduct towards them when they were teenagers — including one who says they were 14 when Moore undressed them and put their hand on their underwear , and another who says they were 16 when Moore sexually assaulted them
Moore has led Jones in most , but not all recent polls of the race , in a contest that 's nearly impossible to predict heading into Election Day . Alabama has n't seen a tight statewide race in a decade , and a Jones victory would be a huge upset even with Moore 's fatal flaws as a candidate . Jones is banking on huge black turnout and major defections from Republican women to win the race .
The worker 's hand was crushed between two containers that were being moved with a forklift .
The worker 's hand was crushed between two containers that were being moved with a forklift . Picture : WA News
A transport company has been ordered to pay more than $ 63,000 in fines and court costs after a worker 's hand was crushed between two containers that were being moved with a forklift in WA 's south .
Mineral Trans WA pleaded guilty in Esperance Magistrates Court to failing to provide and maintain a safe workplace , and by that failure , caused serious harm to an employee .
The company also admitted allowing an employee to operate a forklift without the appropriate licence .
Not much in the way of entertainment tonight , but there 's always baseball :
• The Salt Lake Bees play host to the Fresno Grizzlies in Pacific Coast League action , at Smith 's Ballpark , 77 W. 1300 South , Salt Lake City . First pitch is 6:35 p.m. Tickets , from $ 10 to $ 26 , available at Smith 's Tix .
SANTA CLARA , Calif. — The San Francisco 49ers are easing linebacker Reuben Foster back into the system after they missed the start of the off-season program while dealing with a domestic violence case that was eventually dropped .
Foster was not allowed to participate in the off-season program until a judge ruled last week that they would n't have to stand trial on domestic violence charges . The judge determined there was no evidence that Foster ever hit their ex-girlfriend .
Foster rejoined the Niners last Thursday but has been held out of team drills as they get back into form after missing more than five weeks of the off-season program while waiting for their case to be resolved .
They took part in individual drills during organized team activities but spent the time during team drills doing conditioning or watching teammates .
`` Getting them up to speed wo n't take as long , '' defensive co-ordinator Robert Saleh said . `` I can promise you that when they get out there , he 'll be like a fireball . It will be cool to see . ''
Foster had a trying off-season following an arrest in February on charges of beating up their girlfriend . They were charged in April with felony domestic violence , forcefully attempting to dissuade a witness and felony possession of an assault weapon .
That led to the decision by the 49ers to keep them away from the off-season program and general manager John Lynch said Foster would be cut if it was proven they hit their girlfriend .
But the case quickly fell apart . The accuser , Elissa Ennis , recanted their accusations two days after telling police they were hit in the head eight to 10 times by Foster . They testified at a preliminary hearing earlier this month that the injuries were caused by a fight with another woman and they gave prosecutors video of that fight . They said they lied initially because they wanted retribution after Foster tried to end their relationship .
Judge Nona Klippen said recantations are n't uncommon in domestic violence cases but said there was no supporting evidence in this case that Foster had attacked Ennis and dropped the domestic violence charges . Foster still faces a misdemeanour weapons charge for having a Sig Sauer 516 short-barrelled rifle in their home that was legally registered in Alabama .
Foster also had a misdemeanour marijuana case dismissed in Alabama this month when they completed a pretrial diversion program .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cheltenham Borough Council has committed to investing £100million into homes for young people and families .
Councillor Max Wilkinson ( LD , Oakley ) is behind the plans , which they say are intended to combat high rents and an exodus of youth from the town .
The £100million will be invested in around 500 homes to rent affordably on secure long-term contracts , in a bid to help those struggling with insecure accommodation .
The news comes amid fears Cheltenham is becoming an 'economic time bomb ' as young people leave to find cheaper housing .
Mr Wilkinson , the Lib Dems ' prospective parliamentary candidate for Cheltenham , said some of the properties could be available on a shared ownership model , for those who want to take up an affordable mortgage .
They added : “ The scheme could include a range of different purchase and building options and we do n't have earmarked sites . It depends on what becomes available .
`` We all know that young people are getting a bad deal at the moment , so it 's vital that Cheltenham works to solve this - politicians on all sites need to replace crocodile tears with action .
“ There 's a particular problem with young people leaving our area and we 've got to stop that , otherwise we 'll end up with an unbalanced town . ''
The homes will remain in the ownership of a new council-controlled company indefinitely . Any money made in the scheme will be reinvested in housing for Cheltenham .
Neither the start date of the project nor the time-frame of the £100million investment are known , but Mr Wilkinson said it will take place over several years .
Sites designated for housing in the Joint Core Strategy ( JCS ) and Cheltenham Local Plan could be among those chosen for the scheme .
Mr Wilkinson added that funding will be secured `` soon '' , through borrowing at low rates from the Public Works Loan Board .
They said : “ Some people might say that the council should n't borrow money , but I think borrowing money at low rates to make a long-term investment helping young people and families with housing is exactly what we should be doing - we ca n't continue to ignore the problem . ”
Council deputy leader Peter Jeffries , who holds the housing portfolio , said : “ Max has been very effective at speaking up on the issue of housing for young people and convincing the council that more assertive action is needed .
“ These proposals will make a big difference to people 's lives while helping our town to become more prosperous . ”
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men 's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today 's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
Burnsville coach Mick Scholl sat in the dugout talking to one of their assistants 45 minutes after the last of their players and fans left Alimagnet Park after a 5-0 loss to Prior Lake .
As the two were walking off the field , Blaze senior Sam Carlson reappeared . They are n't done for the evening .
“ When I questioned why they were back , they simply replied that they needed to get their running in to physically prepare for the next day 's game , ” Scholl said . “ It is examples like this when no one is watching that has forever set them apart in my mind from any other athlete I have worked with . ”
That disciplined work ethic launched Carlson over a talented class of baseball peers to become the Star Tribune Metro Player of the Year . The right-handed pitcher was selected by the Seattle Mariners with the 55th overall pick in the second round of the MLB draft Monday .
“ He has worked their butt off in the weight room and on the mound to become the best they can , ” Scholl said .
Scholl has watched Carlson 's growth through the years . As a first-year student , Carlson was 6-0 and weighed 175 pounds . They have since added four inches and 30 pounds .
“ I 've gotten a lot stronger and grown into my frame , ” Carlson said .
They also have a dedicated workout partner in teammate and classmate Henry Ristvedt . Their workouts usually last an hour to an hour-and-a-half .
“ He 's worked really hard , and I 've seen how it has paid off , ” said Ristvedt , who has been a friend of Carlson 's since they meet at Project KIDS in third grade . “ I want to think we 've helped each other get better through our friendly competitions . ”
The duo has to periodically stop at Chipotle after a workout for a burrito . Carlson 's must contain vinaigrette .
“ He likes doing everything a certain way , ” Ristvedt said . “ He might be a little OCD ( obsessive compulsive disorder ) . ”
That just might be an understatement , according to Carlson .
“ I 'm very organized , ” Carlson said . “ Everything in my room is in a certain spot , and I know exactly where everything is to a T . ”
Carlson grew up a fan of former Minnesota Twin Justin Morneau . That 's not the reason though they wear number 33 .
“ My favorite number is three , but Roman ( Ahcan ) took that jersey , ” Carlson said . “ I figured I might as well have two threes . That way I could be twice as lucky . ”
Like Morneau , the Blaze standout does n't mind swinging for the fences . Carlson , who plays outfield or first base when he 's not pitching , has seven home runs to go with a .493 average .
“ He has impressive at-bats , ” Ristvedt said . “ I 'm not so sure they could n't have been drafted as an outfielder . ”
Pitching , though , is their forte , and the reason they went so high in the draft . They have outstanding command of three pitches — fastball , slider and changeup . Their fastball is consistently clocked in the low to mid-90s , and has topped out at 96 miles per hour .
“ A lot of it is what you do when nobody is watching , ” Carlson said . “ You have to motivate yourself . If you work hard , anything is possible . ”
Which is why Scholl puts their ace in a class by himself .
“ He is the best baseball player to ever put on the black and gold uniform , ” Scholl said . “ He is blessed with many talents , and what they do with those talents is their gift back . ”
Ron Haggstrom • 612-673-4498
ron.haggstrom @ startribune.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Katie Feehery scored a game-high 13 points and the Scranton women 's basketball team beat Juniata 62-45 in a battle between the top two teams in the Landmark Conference . With the win , the Lady Royals hold a two game lead in the league standings .
This week on ABC 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , we learned of the past event that both landed Coulson on The Superior 's radar and planted the seed for a romance that recently has been on the verge of blooming anew .
RELATEDAgents of S.H.I.E.L.D . on the Renewal Bubble : Keep or Cut ?
Searching for Director Mace , who was captured by the Watchdogs at the end of last week 's mission , Coulson & Co. followed the GPS on the Patriot suit to a bunker in Nome , Alaska . There , they found the abandoned armor and a wall map that documented myriad Coulson sightings over the years , all over the globe . One photo is of an old mining facility in Russia that Anton Ivanov aka The Superior owns — and which is all too familiar to Phil .
In a series of flashbacks , we learned that “ some time ago , ” Level 4 field agent Phil Coulson and downright peppy Level 3 specialist Melinda May were tasked with retrieving an 084 object from that mining facility , only to bump up against some Russkies — Ivanov included — in search of same . When Coulson got captured , May T-boned the baddies ' getaway van and rescued their colleague . Ivanov 's comrades were later executed for failing , for which they in turns holds Coulson accountable . On the drive away from that op , Coulson and May joked about their respective sad love lives and made a handshake agreement that , if May 's next date with a civilian went south , they would go for “ drinks. ” But then we learn that May 's date is with “ a shrink , ” meaning future husband Andrew . Raincheck !
PHOTOSQuotes of the Week : S.H.I.E.L.D. , Arrow and More
Back in the current timeline… .
Daisy deduces that Ivanov is holed up in the old detention facility where their comrades had been tortured and killed . Upon jetting to the location and storming it through the hole they blasted in an external wall , Fitz and Simmons head downstairs to ( unsuccessfully ) seek out Radcliffe 's base of operations , while Coulson , verbally , followed by Daisy , physically , whale on Ivanov . Powerless Mace , meanwhile , is getting a brutal beatdown in their cell when Mack shows up to intervene , with an assist from an arriving Coulson . The two then carry the battered Mace to the rendezvous point at the sub dock .
Back aboard the Zephyr , Simmons is vexed by the peculiar “ timetable ” of events in Russia — namely , how for stretches of time the comms went out , and how Daisy took so long to meet up with the team after their brawl with Ivanov . Just as FitzSimmons start wrapping their head around the several incongruities , they are alerted to the fact that the blast door 's LMD scanning system had been disabled — by Coulson . What was they trying to hide ? An LMD scan revealing that the Coulson , Mack , Mace and Daisy that returned from the op are all android duplicates .
What 's more , the audience learns in the final tag , LMD Coulson seems to have smuggled into their room the LMD May . Kinky .
What did you think of the episode “ The Man Behind the Shield ” ?
On this prosperous occasion , our committee takes immense privilege to invite the participants from all over the world to take part in this conference with the theme “ Presenting Excellency of Nanotechnology to transform the World ” . The conference aims to review their knowledge , experience and share new ideas amongst the professionals , Industrialists and students from research areas of Nanoscience and Nanotechnology and take active part in the interactive discussions and technical sessions at the conference . The conference also provides a space for the companies and the institutions to present their services , products , innovations , innovative ideas and research work & results .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi 's office is dismissing President Donald Trump 's latest claim that she 's an `` MS-13 lover '' as simply not true .
The Democratic leader 's spokesperson pointed to a fact-checker 's report rating Trump 's earlier suggestions that they favor of the gang as `` false . '' Pelosi declined further comment .
Trump 's most recent characterization of Pelosi came in attacks during a campaign-style rally Tuesday in Tennessee as the White House focuses on illegal immigration ahead of the midterm election .
Pelosi has been critical of Trump 's use of the word `` animals '' in their talks about illegal immigration , saying the president should respect the worth of every person , but the White House has said the was referring specifically to the gang members .
The 90s girl group has sparked rumours it could be reuniting after social media posts of all five of them together .
The 90s girl group has sparked rumours it could be reuniting after social media posts of all five of them together .
Nineties pop group the Spice Girls could be reuniting The West Australian
They 're famous for their song ‘ Say You 'll Be There ' , and lyrics like `` make it last forever , friendship never ends '' .
Now all five former members of the Spice Girls have been there for each other after they held a private meeting in the UK , sparking further speculation of a future plan to reunite the girl-power group .
Photos posted by the group 's members on social media showed Victoria `` Posh Spice '' Beckham , 43 , Melanie `` Sporty Spice '' Chisholm , 44 , Emma `` Baby Spice '' Bunton , 42 , Melanie `` Scary Spice '' Brown 44 , and Geri `` Ginger Spice '' Horner , now 45 .
In Mel B 's Instagram post , they wrote : `` These amazing women have helped me become who I am , so to all the girls out there remember `` friendship never ever ends '' ! ! ! ! Boom # spicegirls # coloursoftheword # wantwereallyreallywant # mumsworkinghard # blast-off ''
Mel C reposted Mel B 's photo and wrote : `` As usual , I 'm a bit late to the party ! Some of you may have seen this photo doing the rounds today ... # girlpower2018 @ emmaleebunton @ victoriabeckham @ therealgerihalliwell @ officialmelb Love y'all ''
Emma Bunton 's post with the same photo shared by Mel B was a bit more cryptic with a caption that said : `` Great catch up with my girls ! # bffs always , the future is looking spicy ! ''
Geri Horner ( née Halliwell ) also left fans with an intriguing note on the same photo saying : `` Lovely seeing the girls # girlpower is alive and well . ''
Former Posh Spice Victoria Beckham later posted two photographs to Instagram , telling fans about their day together .
They wrote : `` Love my girls ! ! ! So many kisses ! ! ! X Exciting x '' and `` Love u all so much ! ! ! X Such a great day ! ! Thank u Simon ! X VB ''
They had been seen earlier arriving at Horner 's home north of London , along with their former manager Simon Fuller .
The Sun newspaper reported the quintet is considering several projects , including a TV talent show , though not a live tour .
The Sun also reported that Beckham 's chauffeur-driven car was spotted in Horner 's driveway , while Mel C wore sunglasses and a pair of jeans as they strolled down the street to Horner 's luxury home .
Bunton was later spotted leaving the house , looking in cheery mood in a bright blue coat and black trousers .
The famous five shared lunch together and it is the first time they have been reunited since 2012 , when they performed at the London Olympics .
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon , with hits including `` Wannabe . ''
They split in 2000 . Now the group 's highest-profile member is Beckham , a fashion designer married to former soccer star David Beckham .
The Sun also reports that the five members of the group will get £10million ( $ A17.8 million ) each for new projects -- with Beckham believed to have sought assurances they will not have to sing .
Beckham has previously admitted that producers used to switch their microphone off while they were on stage so fans could only hear Emma Bunton , Mel B , Mel C and Geri Halliwell singing .
They recalled in 2016 : `` They used to turn it off and just let the others sing . I got the last laugh -- and now my mic is well and truly on , finally . ''
Victoria Beckham Confessed Them Mic was Turned Off During Spice Girls Shows
Beckham has been reluctant to do a reunion gig with the other band members as they wanted to concentrate on their own business venture .
But they are all reportedly considering TV projects in China , endorsement deals and a great hits album .
The new move to reunite the Spice Girls for a whole new raft of projects comes after Mel C previously revealed they would n't reform in any way unless all five were involved .
Last year , they told ITV 's The Nightly Show : `` That 's where I 'm at right now , that 's where myself and Victoria are at . ''
`` It 's not really doing the band justice to go out as a four-piece , whoever is missing , it does n't matter . For me , Spice Girls , it 's like a jigsaw puzzle . ''
The Spice Girls were not like other groups that reunited without all original members , they added .
`` It 's different to other bands because you look at Take That and they are going out as a three-piece , and they are brilliant , I love the boys .
`` But with the Spice Girls everything about us was the individuality and what that created together . ''
× Woman , 92 , Allegedly Killed Son Who Wanted to Put Them in a Nursing Home
FOUNTAIN HILLS , Az . — A 92-year-old woman allegedly killed their son in Arizona because they did not want to be sent to an assisted living facility , authorities said .
Anna Mae Blessing was charged with first-degree murder , aggravated assault and kidnapping after authorities found their 72-year-old son dead Monday at their home in Fountain Hills , Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office said .
Blessing hid two pistols in the pockets of their robe and shot their son several times in their bedroom , the sheriff 's office said in a statement .
Them son 's girlfriend was also in the room and said they heard Blessing telling their son they were tired of the way they treated her , court documents said .
“ From my understanding , they had thought about it for a few days because there was a dispute regarding their son wanting to put them in an assisted living home , ” Maricopa County Sgt . Bryant Vanejas told CNN affiliate KPHO .
Blessing then pointed the gun at their son 's girlfriend , who struggled with them until they lost their grip of the gun . When Blessing pulled out the second pistol from their robe , their son 's girlfriend also knocked it out of their hand , the statement said .
Once they were disarmed , Blessing sat on a reclining chair until deputies arrived and arrested her , officials said .
“ As the suspect was being escorted from the residence , they made a spontaneous statement to the effect of ‘ You took my life , so I 'm taking yours , ' ” court documents said .
Blessing moved in with their son and their girlfriend about six months ago , the affiliate reported .
They told deputies they had purchased one of the guns in the late 1970s and that their husband gave them the other pistol , court documents say .
Information on their attorney was not immediately available .
Description :
Automatic Door Locks-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Automatic Door Locks industry , standing on the readers ' perspective , delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights . No matter the client is industry insider , potential entrant or investor , the report will provides useful data and information . Key questions answered by this report include :
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Automatic Door Locks 2013-2017 , and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Automatic Door Locks worldwide , with company and product introduction , position in the Automatic Door Locks market
Market status and development trend of Automatic Door Locks by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Automatic Door Locks , and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3022746-automatic-door-locks-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Automatic Door Locks market as :
Global Automatic Door Locks Market : Regional Segment Analysis ( Regional Production Volume , Consumption Volume , Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023 ) :
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Automatic Door Locks Market : Type Segment Analysis ( Consumption Volume , Average Price , Revenue , Market Share and Trend 2013-2023 ) :
Electronic Cipher Locks
Fingerprint Locks
Remote Locks
Others
Global Automatic Door Locks Market : Application Segment Analysis ( Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023 ; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis )
Household
Commercial
Other
Global Automatic Door Locks Market : Manufacturers Segment Analysis ( Company and Product introduction , Automatic Door Locks Sales Volume , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ) :
Assa Abloy
Samsung
Allegion
Kwikset ( Spectrum Brands )
MIWA Lock
Master Lock ( Fortune Brands )
Guangdong Be Tech
Adel
August
Honeywell
Jiangmen Keyu Intelligence
Tenon
Locstar
Probuck
Guangdong Level Intelligent Lock
Complete Report Details @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3022746-automatic-door-locks-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Automatic Door Locks
1.1 Definition of Automatic Door Locks in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Automatic Door Locks
1.2.1 Electronic Cipher Locks
1.2.2 Fingerprint Locks
1.2.3 Remote Locks
1.2.4 Others
1.3 Downstream Application of Automatic Door Locks
1.3.1 Household
1.3.2 Commercial
1.3.3 Other
1.4 Development History of Automatic Door Locks
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Automatic Door Locks 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Automatic Door Locks Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Automatic Door Locks Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Automatic Door Locks 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Automatic Door Locks by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Automatic Door Locks by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Automatic Door Locks by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Automatic Door Locks by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Automatic Door Locks by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Automatic Door Locks by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Automatic Door Locks by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Automatic Door Locks by Types
3.2 Production Value of Automatic Door Locks by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Automatic Door Locks by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Automatic Door Locks by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Automatic Door Locks by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Automatic Door Locks
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Automatic Door Locks Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Automatic Door Locks Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Automatic Door Locks by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Automatic Door Locks by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Automatic Door Locks by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Automatic Door Locks Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Automatic Door Locks Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger , Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Automatic Door Locks Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Assa Abloy
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Automatic Door Locks Product
7.1.3 Automatic Door Locks Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Assa Abloy
7.2 Samsung
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Automatic Door Locks Product
7.2.3 Automatic Door Locks Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Samsung
7.3 Allegion
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Automatic Door Locks Product
7.3.3 Automatic Door Locks Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Allegion
7.4 Kwikset ( Spectrum Brands )
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Automatic Door Locks Product
7.4.3 Automatic Door Locks Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Kwikset ( Spectrum Brands )
7.5 MIWA Lock
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Automatic Door Locks Product
7.5.3 Automatic Door Locks Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of MIWA Lock
Continued…… .
CONTACT US :
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales @ wiseguyreports.com
http : //www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph : +1-646-845-9349 ( US )
Ph : +44 208 133 9349 ( UK )
Market Highlights :
The Global Commercial Aircraft Seat Actuation Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 12.5 % during 2016-2021 . Factors driving the growth are increasing aircraft orders , rise in demand for lightweight seat designs , premium passenger travel , and growing investments in advanced cabin interior products .
Over the years , there has been a high demand for the aircraft seat actuation systems , which form an integral part of aircraft cabins . These modern systems are designed to offer skull and lower back support , and ensure the right seating positions for passengers over long haul air travel .
Lightweight seat designs that emit a low level of noise and require little maintenance have seen a marked increase over the past few years due to the growing demand for aircraft . The global commercial aircraft seat actuation systems market is also fueled by rising aircraft orders , premium activities for passengers , and convenient seating designs . These factors also enable safer and efficient pilot operation . Demand for innovative products in the aircraft seat actuation systems market will also provide growth opportunities for vendors during the forecast period .
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1428
Key Players
Bühler Motor ,
Crane Aerospace & Electronics ,
Enivate ,
Global AirWorks ,
Zodiac Aerospace ,
Airworks ,
Dornier Technology ,
Nook Industries ,
PGA Electronics ,
UTC Aerospace .
Industry/ Innovation/ Related News :
June 2017 : - Eaton 's fuel-system technology supported Boeing 's 777x advancements . The company updated and adapted a variety of proven 777 and 787 fuel components for the 777X , including fuel boost pumps , override and jettison pumps , motor-operated shut-off valves and actuators .
2015 : - Liebherr-Aerospace signed a contract with Boeing , to provide high-lift actuators for Boeing 777X , the new wide-body military transport aircraft .
2013 : - Moog had an agreement with the Embraer Group , to supply the flight control actuators and related control electronics for Embraer 's second-generation E-Jet family .
Regional and Country Analysis
The European Aviation Safety Agency ( EASA ) and European Union ( EU ) have been participating in the development of actuators , which will drive the market during the forecast period . Also in 2013 , American Airlines and US Airways came together to sign a deal worth $ 11 billion to merge and create the world 's biggest airline . These airlines have accounted for 70 % of the US aviation market , post their respective mergers . These factors will drive the regional demand , thus have positive impact on the market .
The market report for Global Commercial Aircraft Seat Actuation Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts , key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance .
Browse Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-aircraft-seat-actuation-market-1428
For example , the business class seat actuation systems accounted for a market share of 32 % ( $ 48 million ) in 2014 . This can be attributed to the growing demand for premium air travel across the globe . In 2013 , Nuremberg , Bühler Motor , and Dornier Technologie collaborated to develop PAXCOM , the next-generation aircraft seat actuation system . It is an innovative solution for integrated seat actuation for business class and first class aircraft seats . In addition , it ensures a reduction in aircraft noise by 30 % , is lightweight , and enables cost savings .
CBS ' The Young and the Restless will celebrate its 45th anniversary during the week of Monday , March 26 “ by proudly looking back at the rich history of the show while propelling our characters into exciting new stories , ” executive producer Mal Young shared in a statement . “ Viewers will be treated to a week-long , can't-miss-a-minute celebration as storylines take unexpected turns and we welcome faces from the past . ”
The long-running sudser also release a nostalgia-filled promo ( above ) plus a sneak peek at two returns ( below ) .
Among the anniversary week happenings , the long-running feud between Victor and Jack reaches its breaking point ( shades of backstage circa 1991 ? , irrevocably changing the lives of both men ; Ashley and their daughter Abby uncover a shocking secret ; the relationship between Victoria and J.T . takes a dramatic turn ; Nikki finds their loyalty tested like never before ; and Nick and Sharon confront their heated past .
Loyal fans will also witness the return several familiar faces , including Lorie Brooks ( played by Jaime Lyn Bauer ) , Leslie Brooks ( Janice Lynde ) , Julia Newman Martin ( Meg Bennett ) , Mackenzie Browning Hellstrom ( Kelly Kruger ) and , as seen below , Raul Guitierez ( David Scott Lago ) and Brittany Hodges ( Lauren Woodland ) .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) - Chicago Cubs right-hander Yu Darvish has inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage , and could start a throwing program as soon as the weekend .
Darvish , signed to a $ 126 million , six-year contract in February as a free agent , underwent an MRI on Tuesday in Chicago . The Cubs announced the results before playing the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night .
The Cubs also placed right-handed reliever Carl Edwards Jr. on the 10-day disabled list with right shoulder inflammation , and recalled right-hander Cory Mazzoni from Triple-A Iowa . Edwards felt discomfort in their shoulder Tuesday night after pitching one scoreless inning in an 8-6 victory over the Pirates .
Darvish got their first win with the Cubs in their previous start at Cincinnati on May 20 , holding the Reds to one run and two hits in six innings . In eight starts , they are 1-3 with a 4.95 ERA .
Edwards has made 25 appearances , going 2-1 with a 2.88 ERA . The Cubs do not yet have a timeline for when they will resume throwing .
Mazzoni made one relief appearance for the Cubs on May 7 , working one scoreless innings against the Miami Marlins . They were 3-2 with two saves and a 1.25 ERA in 14 games with Iowa .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Filtered water for hinterland schools , health centres for first time !
GINA , GUYANA , Tuesday , February 14 , 2017
The Guyana Water Incorporated ( GWI ) has begun the installation of water purification filters in hinterland schools and health facilities .
Planning and Implementation Director , Ramchand Jailall told the Government Information Agency ( GINA ) that the water company has established a C2 Sediment Water Filter at the Karamang Health Centre , and at the Kako Primary School in Region Seven .
The C2 Sediment Water Filter provides better tasting , clear water by using the carbon-impregnated cellulose media for reducing unpleasant taste and odour .
The water company will be commissioning the filtration system in the region , soon , Jailall said .
GWI , as part of improving and enhancing its services , has been focusing on schools , health facilities and government buildings to get continuous potable water service .
The facilities in the hinterland have been particularly targeted because of their high risk of contamination of the water sources .
GWI 's present water system in many of the hinterland communities source water from rivers , and at a certain time of the year , the system is challenged , when the rivers become contaminated with mining effluent .
The water company is looking to put in place a new aquifer based water system in the communities which allows for the delivery of safe and potable water to the residents . In the interim however , the water company has prioritised the schools and health facilities for the supply and installation of water filters .
The community of Kamarang recently suffered from a diarrhoeal outbreak . It was suspected that the river water which is used by the residents for drinking and domestic purposes was contaminated .
By : Macalia Santos
Help make our community a better place to live by volunteering some of your time and talents - and the Helpline Center is a great place to start . Following are the new opportunities available this week . For more information click on the corresponding link .
The Banquet is looking for a Front Desk Volunteer to help on Fridays between the hours of 1:00 PM and 4:30 PM . Duties include answering phones , data entry and sorting mail . Between the hours of 2:30 PM and 4:30 PM you would primarily assist guests in getting their mail . You would also help guests with other giveaway items that are available that week . Clerical experience is preferred and you must be able to multi-task , have a positive attitude and enjoy socializing with others .
J & L Harley-Davidson and Make-A-Wish South Dakota are gearing up for the 23rd Annual Hot Harley Nights™ in Sioux Falls July 12-14 and are in need of volunteers . Various positions are needed both at the dealership and at the W.H . Lyon Fairgrounds .
Downtown Sioux Falls is needing volunteers to help with the 25th Annual Hot Summer Nites event on Wednesday July 18 from 5:30 PM until 10:30 PM . Volunteer opportunities include beverage sales , ID checking and wrist-banding , beverage tent captain , volunteer management and first aid .
Each week throughout the summer the Helpline Center posts a family-friendly , do-it-yourself volunteer project . This week the Helpline Center invites individuals and families to help them paint message rocks as part of The Kindness Rocks Project . Once completed the projects can either be delivered to the Helpline Center office at 1000 N West Ave , Suite 310 . Or , if you prefer , you can deliver the completed projects yourself . Just contact the Helpline Center by dialing 211 to get a list of agencies accepting the DIY projects .
For more information on any of these volunteer opportunities , and hundreds of others currently available throughout the community , dial 211 or visit volunteer.helplinecenter.org .
Source : Helpline Center
See Also :
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox ! Name * First Last
Email *
GENEVA ( AP ) - President Donald Trump 's nominee to head the U.N. migration agency acknowledges a controversy over their social media posts on topics like climate change and Muslims , but insists that `` retweets are not endorsements '' and says they want to be judged on their actions as a humanitarian .
Ken Isaacs spoke with reporters Monday as the 169 member states of the International Organization for Migration prepare to elect a successor to longtime diplomat William Lacy Swing as director-general in June .
An intergovernmental body that became a U.N.-related agency two years ago , IOM has had only one director-general who was n't American since its creation in 1951 . Portugal 's Antonio Vitorino , a Socialist politician , and IOM deputy director-general Laura Thompson of Costa Rica are also in the running against Isaacs .
Isaacs , a vice president at the Christian humanitarian organization Samaritan 's Purse that is run by evangelist Franklin Graham , pointed to their track record in the field and as a manager , saying that IOM 's work is `` in my wheelhouse . ''
`` I care about people . I 'm passionate about this , '' Isaacs said .
`` I 've worked in Darfur . I have worked in Jordan . I have worked in Iraq . I have worked in Syria . I have worked in Turkey . I have worked in Bangladesh , '' they said . `` If you look at the candidates , I 'm the only candidate with any 'muddy-boot experience . ' ''
Isaacs said they see the role of IOM director as twofold : Helping migrants and helping states manage migration issues . They said they recognize `` the sovereign rights of states to form their own domestic immigration policy '' yet understands why people sometimes must leave their homes or homelands .
`` I understand why people migrate - I understand what that looks like , what that smells like , what that feels like , '' Isaacs said . `` I understand what it means to bring 15 or 20 bodies out of a camp in the morning where people migrated to run away from war and bury them . ''
But they said they are more than just a relief worker in the field .
`` Leadership , vision , management , accountability , transparency - these are all hallmarks of Samaritan 's Purse and this is who I am , '' they said in the interview at the U.S. mission in Geneva . `` Judge me on what I 've done . ''
The Washington Post reported that Isaacs ' comments in the media had suggested that Islam was an intrinsically violent religion and that they denied climate change .
The Post noted an exchange on Twitter in June after a terror attack in London in which Isaacs wrote `` 'this ' is exactly what the Muslim faith instructs the faithful to do . '' The newspaper said it received a statement from Isaacs expressing regret for comments that `` caused hurt and undermined my professional record . ''
CNN last week also noted a number of re-tweets from Isaacs of comments that criticized Muslims .
In the interview Monday , they said : `` I have re-tweeted many things to stimulate conversation . But at the same time ... have never shown discrimination against anybody , for anything . ''
As for climate change , the United Nations and many countries have cited scientific studies that underpin their battle against global warming caused by human activity . Isaacs said they backed IOM 's strategic efforts , but declined to say if they supported the science pointing to human-made climate change .
`` Whether I do or whether I do n't do not take away from the fact that climate disasters happen , '' said Isaacs , adding that they know `` the strategic objectives of IOM in regards to climate change , and I agree with those . ''
Jennifer Arangio , a senior director for the U.S. National Security Council who sat beside Isaacs , called the U.N. agency a well-intentioned , meaningful and important organization and said the Trump administration wants Washington to remain the world leader in humanitarian assistance - though they did n't elaborate .
They said that the U.S. likes that the IOM 's director-general is American , `` and we want to hold that place because of our position on humanitarian assistance . ''
BMW has dropped a cornucopia of videos with the latest and greatest M5 allowing us to take a good look at how the new model has evolved for its latest generation . Speaking of which , the F90 is being joined at the Estoril track in Portugal by its predecessors standing at the starting grid , with the newest MotoGP safety car leading the pack .
It 's nice to see this M5 family portrait that started off with its first member back in February 1984 when the original E28 was unveiled to the public . As the years went by , many things changed , but all the models that came after it continued to boast a rear-wheel-drive arrangement . For the new M5 , BMW has decided to do things differently by implementing an xDrive setup , a first for a non-SUV M car .
Purists must n't worry at all as they will still be able to shred the rear tires in a drift session by turning on the two-wheel-drive mode , as evidenced in one of the promo videos attached below depicting a tail-happy M5 . The versatile xDrive layout might not be the only novelty BMW has in tow for the F90 model as rumor has it a hybrid derivative is in the works , though we 'll believe it when we 'll see it .
Meanwhile , it 's a known fact a Competition Package will be added in 2018 when BMW will dial the M level up a notch . Expect a power bump over the already very generous 600 horsepower coming from the biturbo 4.4-liter V8 engine , along with chassis and suspension upgrades in the same vein as the Competition Pack for the M3 and M4 .
It makes sense that BMW wants to offer the CP as soon as possible considering that in some markets , 80 percent of M3 and M4 customers decided to pay extra for the upgrade kit . This interesting statistic was disclosed by BMW M boss , Frank Van Meel , while speaking recently with Road & Track . With the newly gained goodies , the M5 will be able to take on the Mercedes-AMG E63 S .
Videos : BMW
NEW YORK—Think of Cadillac and what springs to mind ? Unfairly or not , you might already be thinking about an older gentleman , sedately cruising behind the wheel . Or , perhaps you imagine an Escalade with windows tinted , massive wheels , and loud speakers . Some of you might even be picturing the CTS-V wagon—one of the Internet 's favorite cars to talk about but not ever buy .
But the brand also goes racing , and in 2017 it 's having an excellent year . We wanted to hear more about this aspect of Cadillac , so at this year 's New York International Auto Show , we met up with factory driver Jordan Taylor and their Cadillac DPi-V.R race car . They came to the showcase fresh from victory on the streets of Long Beach , California .
`` It 's been a shocking start . We pretty much dominated all three so it 's been a great start , '' Taylor told Ars . `` All three '' being the Rolex 24 Hours at Daytona , the 12 Hours of Sebring , and the Bubba Burger SportsCar Grand Prix at Long Beach—together , these events make up the first three rounds of the IMSA WeatherTech Sportscar Championship . Taylor and their brother Ricky won along with Jeff Gordon and Max Angelelli at Daytona and Alex Lynn at Sebring , combining for three outright wins for Cadillac V-Performance racing team Konica Minolta . It 's a team run by the Taylors ' father ( and successful racer in their own right , Wayne . )
Jonathan Gitlin
Jonathan Gitlin
Jonathan Gitlin
Jonathan Gitlin
Richard Prince for Cadillac Racing
Richard Prince for Cadillac Racing
Brian Cleary | Getty Images
It is fair to say we 're in something of a golden age when it comes to endurance racing and prototype sports cars . Over in the World Endurance Championship , the 1,000-hp hybrids from Porsche and Toyota ( and dearly departed Audi ) have been tearing up the lap times at Le Mans . But one rung down the ladder things may be even better . A set of ( nearly ) common technical regulations span several national and international series , giving us a class of prototype racing cars that—unlike the hybrids—do n't require hundreds of millions of dollars a year to race .
This is n't 'Nam , this is racing , there are rules
In the World Endurance Championship , the European Le Mans Series , and the Asian Le Mans series , that class is known as LMP2 ( or Le Mans Prototype 2 ) , and it has given us some amazing racing over the last year or two . The cars have also been seen on track here in the US in IMSA 's series , racing against the outdated and frankly ugly Daytona Prototypes that were a mainstay of the GrandAm series for most of this century .
But in 2015 , the ACO and FIA—who organize the 24 Hours of Le Mans and the World Endurance Championship , respectively—wanted to make the cars faster and cheaper to run , since LMP2 is a pro-am category where well-heeled amateur drivers and hotshoe professionals share cars in the race . As a result , organizers closed to the doors to all but four makes of LMP2 prototypes—from Dallara , Riley/Multimatic , Oreca , and Onroak—all of which have to run the same 4.0L naturally aspirated V8 from Gibson and the same Cosworth electronics .
The new rules ( PDF ) , which came into effect at the beginning of 2017 , also capped the cost of a new car at just under $ 500,000 ( €483,500 ) , as well as the cost of spares . It 's fair to say these rules were not greeted with universal delight , particularly for teams with existing relationships with chassis or engine manufacturers . Where the story gets more interesting is when it gets to Daytona Beach , Florida . That 's where IMSA is based , the organization that runs the WeatherTech series .
American exceptionalism
Forgive me for the history lesson that follows : for many years , the US had a pair of rival endurance racing series . There was the American Le Mans Series , run by Don Panoz and IMSA . The ALMS used the same technical rules as the ACO , and so cars that were eligible to race in one could also compete in the other . The jewels in the ALMS ' crown were the 12 Hours of Sebring and the Petit Le Mans , a 10-hour race held each fall at Road Atlanta in Georgia .
On the other side of the fence was the Rolex Sports Car Series , better known as Grand-Am . Grand-Am was run from Daytona Beach , home to the NASCAR organization that eventually took full control in 2008 . Grand-Am 's marquee event was the 24 Hours of Daytona , an endurance race with almost as much history as Sebring . But the technology in Grand-Am was decidedly old school . Its fastest cars , the Daytona Prototypes , were introduced in 2003 . Tube-framed affairs designed to be safe on the fast banking at Daytona , they could accept a wide range of different engines and had a lot of standardized parts to keep costs down . And they produced some fantastic racing , even if the cars were shockingly ugly and the grandstands less than well attended .
But as with IndyCar and ChampCar , it eventually became clear that there was n't room for two competing series in the US . In 2013 , the ALMS and Grand-Am merged for the first season of what 's now the WeatherTech series running in 2014 . The Daytona Prototypes and existing LMP2 cars were `` performance balanced '' to be able to race against each other , although the extra torque and rugged nature of the former often triumphed over the sheer one-lap speed of the LMP2 cars .
Even though the new series was being run from Daytona Beach ( and bankrolled by NASCAR 's France family ) , it was clear all along that the link with Le Mans—inherited along with the IMSA name—was vital to protect . And with the ACO going to a revised spec LMP2 car in 2017 , IMSA would do the same—just with a twist .
Listing image by Jonathan Gitlin
OCEAN SPRINGS , Mississippi -- Apparently , burglarizing a business is exhausting .
Sunday morning , Ocean Springs police received a call from The Hideaway , a restaurant/bar in downtown Ocean Springs , reporting that someone had broken into the business overnight by breaking a window and climbing in .
When investigators reviewed the surveillance video , they discovered that the suspect helped themselves to some liquor and beer -- and then took a nap before fleeing the business .
Further investigation led police to an apartment at 3230 Cumberland Rd . in Ocean Springs to speak with a potential suspect named Aaron Terrell Smith . When Smith answered the door , investigators immediately realized Smith had the same tattoos in the same locations as the suspect seen in the surveillance video .
The 26-year-old Smith was taken into custody , charged with commercial burglary , and later gave a full confession at the Ocean Springs Police Department . They remain in the Ocean Springs Municipal Jail under a $ 30,000 bond .
A post shared by Wilfredo León Venero ( @ wilfredo_leon_official ) on May 13 , 2017 at 12:40pm PDT
The happiest day in Wilfredo Leon 's life – they have become a dad ! https : //t.co/6vHnAOEQ5J # volleyball # congratulations pic.twitter.com/xpkZG7VcFr
A public school district in Minnesota is taking a radical social justice approach to the education of their youngest children .
Young students in the Edina School District in Edina , Minnesota , will be introduced to the concept of “ white privilege ” as early as kindergarten , according to a new report from the Weekly Standard . The report details some of the unusual practices of the district .
As a result , the school system 's obsession with “ white privilege ” now begins in kindergarten . At Edina 's Highlands Elementary School , for example , K-2 students participate in the Melanin Project . The children trace their hands , color them to reflect their skin tone , and place the cut-outs on a poster reading , “ Stop thinking your skin color is better than anyone elses ! - [ sic ] Everyone is special ! ”
If teaching kindergarten-aged students about “ white privilege ” was n't unique enough , Edina also submits their bus drivers to social justice re-education . Bus drivers for the Edina School District were required to attend a workshop that instructed them on how to “ dismantl [ e ] white privilege . ”
The training session was entitled “ Edina School District Equity and Racial Justice Training : Moving from a Diversity to a Social Justice Lens. ” In it , trainers instructed bus drivers that “ dismantling white privilege ” is “ the core of our work as white folks , ” and that working for the Edina schools requires “ a major paradigm shift in the thinking of white people. ” Drivers were exhorted to confess their racial guilt , and embrace the district 's “ equity ” ideology .
Breitbart Tech reported on the Edina School District in 2017 . In November , Edina High School came under fire for a mandatory English course that aims to eradicate “ white privilege . ”
Following the 2016 presidential election , 80 staff members at Edina High School signed a statement acknowledging that students at the school did not feel physically safe . “ Many of you [ students ] have made clear … that right now , you do n't feel physically safe , ” the statement read . “ Know that we will do all that we can … to fight for you , ” and that “ we will teach rebellion against a broken world . ”
As any good editor knows , the key to a compelling story—whether an article , book , or film—is a compelling opening . Do n't get bogged down in extraneous details , or runaway metaphors . Deliver a sucker punch of truths straight to the gut , and keep 'em hooked until they 're too far in to turn back . The best of times , the worst of times . Clocks striking thirteen . The beginning of every James Bond movie ever . [ Okay , okay , get on with it Mark . -Ed ]
Arkane Studios must have very good editors .
Prey—the not-a-sequel-but-a-reboot follow up to the 2006 first-person shooter of the same name—begins with a ringing alarm clock . You climb out of bed , check your e-mails , and don a uniform for your first day on the job . Your apartment is clean and modern , and overlooks San Francisco 's Bay Bridge . There are excerpts from books describing the science behind `` Neuromods , '' and a note of congratulations from your new boss on the kitchen counter . Outside the front door , a janitor greets you good morning , and directs you towards a helicopter on the roof .
All is well , all is normal .
Hop in and the helicopter rises slowly upward , the sun blazing on the horizon , as the synth-driven sounds of an '80s-style electro-pop beat begins to play , and `` PREY '' rendered in bold , 20ft-high white text appears in the distance .
This is as confident an opening as the monorail gliding into Black Mesa , Nathan Drake dangling over a cliff edge , or a plane crashing into the icy waters of the Atlantic next to Rapture 's intimidating entrance . It makes the life of an ordinary , if privileged scientist in the near future familiar , before employing that most well-worn of narrative tricks—the dramatic twist .
In some ways , Prey opens similarly to that of the 2006 original , where the first few minutes are spent familiarising yourself with the day-to-day ( in that case Tommy 's dingy dive bar ) , before all hell breaks loose . But Arkane 's take drops the schlocky , B-movie horror tropes of alien invasion in favour of more sophisticated sci-fi storytelling . The aliens , which this time takes the form of shape-shifting black wisps called Typhon , are still there to scare and provoke , but take a backseat to the troubles of protagonist Morgan Yu ( a female lead is also an option ) .
Prey is n't afraid to wear its influences on its sleeve , from the stylistic tics of Dishonored 2 ( another Arkane Studios game ) and the silent protagonist of Half-Life , to the RPG-lite inventory management and skill trees of Deus Ex and Bioshock . The latter is perhaps most influential , with regular calls from the familiar but untrustworthy Alex Yu and directions from faceless ally `` January '' echoing the relationship between Bioshock 's Andrew Ryan and Atlas . Even the Metroidvania-like space station hub of Talos 1—in which Prey takes place and is revealed after events take a turn for the worse—has a little of that art deco , steampunk vibe about it .
It 's Yu and January that push the story forward in Prey 's first hour , guiding you from science lab , to space station , to executive office with surprising flair . January introduces you to Typhons , and in particular the shape-shifting , spider-like variety Mimics , which appear from nowhere as they mutate from swivel chair to monster . At first , you can only flail at them with a monkey wrench . Later , January introduces the GLOO Cannon , which fires out blobs of quickly hardening glue that trap Mimics ready for smashing , or for building paths towards out-of-reach vents .
Typhons are the source of Prey 's plasmid-like powers , like the powerful Kinectic Blast shown in early trailers , but those remain tantalisingly out of reach until later . Instead , January guides you to the first Neuromod , which Morgan Yu dutifully places on their eye for a grisly injection of less entertaining powers like equipment repairs or turret hacking . Combat is slow and tense in Prey 's opening hour , then , but purposefully so . Like Dishonored , Prey is about the slow build , instead of early fervour .
Indeed , if there 's anything to be learned from Prey 's first hour , it 's that Arkane has—by wiping the slate clean from the tumultuous development of the cancelled Prey 2—crafted a game with a powerful atmosphere all of its own . Yes , Prey borrows liberally from others in the genre . And yes , an early encounter with a video message from your past , non-amnesia encumbered self is just a few small steps away from `` get your ass to Mars . ''
But Prey hints at a deeper world beyond its already impressive opening , where a dilapidated space station hides a rooted mystery begging to be solved . In just an hour I was hooked . If Arkane can deliver on Prey 's promise , I know exactly where I 'll be May 5—lights out , gamepad in hand , and ready to explore Talos 1 's great unknown .
Prey is due for worldwide release on Xbox One , PlayStation 4 , and Windows PC on May 5 .
This post originated on Ars Technica UK
THE NOVEMBER TESTS were very encouraging from Ireland 's point of view , with several of the key elements of previous successes under Joe Schmidt returning to a peak .
During The Rugby Show ahead of today 's clash with France in the Six Nations [ KO 4.45pm , TV3 ] , we took a closer look at the set-piece strike moves and power plays that were among the highlights in November .
Another intriguing factor in these Six Nations will be the ongoing development of Ireland 's attack in phase play .
Recent years have seen Ireland 's forwards making more and more intelligent passes , as Schmidt benefits from what they call the “ new breed ” of forward coming into their squad .
Source : The42
“ You look at some of the players we had four years ago and you look at the new breed of forward that comes out of teams and their comfort level on the ball that allows them to play slightly differently , ” said Schmidt ahead of the Six Nations
“ Some players will have played more square and straight and now players will see a bit more space . ”
We took a closer look at this aspect of Ireland 's play in November .
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad . It 's educational , invigorating and just plain fun . With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands . In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation . The more pre-planning that you do , the fewer hassles during your travels . Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “ Trip of a Lifetime ! ”
Vacation With Your Valentine : America 's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America 's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine 's Day
An ‘ Unshakable Pursuit ' to know Christ more , show Their love unconditionally and make disciples who make disciples will be the theme unpacked during two days of general sessions , conferences and missions experiences during Woman 's Missionary Union 's ( WMU ) Missions Celebration and Annual Meeting , June 10-11 .
BP file photo by Matt Jones
WMU Executive Director and Treasurer Sandra Wisdom-Martin , left , and national WMU President Linda Cooper deliver the WMU report to messengers at the 2017 SBC Annual Meeting in Phoenix .
“ We believe you will laugh , learn and experience nourishment for your soul , ” said Sandy Wisdom-Martin , executive director-treasurer of national WMU . “ As you are captivated by the stories of God 's work in the world , you will be drawn closer to Their side and renew your commitment to Their mission . Join us on this incredible journey to experience a movement of God bringing hope to the hopeless . ”
The event kicks off at 3 p.m. on Sunday , June 10 , at Eddie Deen 's Ranch , a Texas-style venue located at 944 Lamar St. across the street from the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center . The event will be held in conjunction with the Southern Baptist Convention 's ( SBC ) annual meeting , June 12-13 .
Hear ‘ Unshakable Pursuit ' stories from featured International Mission Board field personnel serving in the Middle East and Germany . Additional features include music for worship ; Linda Cooper , national WMU president ; testimonies from national Acteens panelists and more . Between two general sessions , participants will enjoy dinner , missions activities around their tables and an “ idea rodeo ” designed to share new tips and ideas related to missions .
A registration fee of $ 34 includes :
BBQ dinner on Sunday night .
Ticket to the North American Mission Board 's ( NAMB ) Send Luncheon on Monday , June 11 , compliments of the NAMB .
Charter bus transportation to tour various ministry sites around Dallas on Monday .
On Monday morning and afternoon , missions experiences include :
Conferences . Learn more about an area of missions involvement during a variety of unique conferences on topics such as refugees , organic mentoring and prayer . Additional conferences will be led by missionaries and others will be in Spanish . These 50-minute conferences will be offered at 9 a.m. , 10 a.m. , 2 p.m. and 3 p.m. at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center .
Refugee Simulation . Gain an eye-opening perspective about the current refugee crisis by participating in a refugee simulation presented in partnership with Baptist Global Response , the International Mission Board ( IMB ) , North American Mission Board , and Send Relief . The refugee simulation will be in the SBC Exhibit Hall in the convention center .
Prayerwalk and Tour . Explore area ministry sites and learn first-hand how the love of Christ is being shared in Dallas . Tours will take place at 9 a.m. and 2 p.m .
On Monday night , the stage is set for “ A Night at the Theatre – Missions Style ” in the Bruton Theatre of the convention center . Join at 7 p.m. for a focused time of prayer for NAMB 's Send Relief Centers , IMB and NAMB missionaries and much more .
Along with Cooper and Wisdom-Martin , program guests include Kempton and Caryn Turner , church planters in East St. Louis , Ill. , serving through NAMB ; featured IMB missionaries ; NAMB President Kevin Ezell ; David Melber , president , NAMB 's Send Relief and IMB President David Platt . Special music will be provided by the Sounds of Southwestern 's School of Church Music and a Hmong Choir .
“ You 'll hear inspiring missionary speakers with stories from the field of lives being changed eternally as you 've prayed and given so they could go , ” Cooper said . “ Be encouraged as you experience a time of renewal as we worship the Lord together . You will be changed because we have gathered in Their name for the work of the Lord through missions . Come join the fun ! ”
Preregistration is required for Sunday and tours of area ministry sites on Monday ; space is limited . To register or for more information , visit wmu.com/dallas .
( EDITOR 'S NOTE – Julie Walters is WMU 's corporate communications team leader . )
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Billionaire investor Carl Icahn is jumping in to the fight for control over Newell Brands , buying a minority stake in the consumer products company that has been targeted by activist investor Starboard Value LP .
Newell said Monday that it 's struck a deal in which Icahn will nominate four people to its board , including their son , Brett Icahn .
Shares of Newell Brands Inc. , based in Hoboken , New Jersey , jumped more than 4 percent before the opening bell Monday .
Starboard told Newell in a letter last month that the company , with almost $ 15 billion in annual revenue , was being led badly , and nominated its own directors for the company board . The company 's shares are down more than 40 percent in the past year .
Carl Icahn owns nearly 7 percent on Newell 's stock .
The Moses Lake Police Department has never had a K-9 program before , but now the police chief is hoping to raise enough money through grants and the community to start one .
Chief Kevin Fuhr says the department is looking to purchase one patrol K-9 and Grant County has agreed to help them with the process , after recently fundraising enough to pay for three dogs .
“ To start a dog program is a little bit shocking , it is about a $ 90,000 start up cost and the largest cost of that is for the vehicle . We 've got to buy a vehicle specific for the K-9 program and outfit that vehicle with all the safety equipment for the animal , ” says Fuhr .
After the initial cost , Fuhr says it is a more manageable $ 2,500 a year for the K-9 's food and vet bills . They say the dog would be able to help officers quickly find suspects in a tracking situation and help deal with more significant calls . Fuhr says although it is great the Grant County K-9 's are available for their use , it causes a time delay and it can be a burden to the Grant County Sheriff 's office .
The department has applied for grants to pay for about 2/3rds of the initial cost and the rest they are hoping to receive from the community . Fuhr says they have set-up a GoFundMe page or anyone in the local area can give the department a call and an officer will come to your door to pick up the donation .
Tehran has recently announced that it will shift from the dollar to the euro in payments , amid tensions between Iran and the US over the nuclear deal and Trump 's threats to withdraw from it . Sputnik discussed the issue with Dr. Eric Lob , an assistant professor at Department of Politics and International Relations , Florida International University .
Eric Lob believes that Tehran 's move was conditioned by the willingness to reduce reliance on the US currency amid Trump 's threats to withdraw from the JCPOA . At the same time , they warn that Iran 's decision would likely be costly due to the fact that most of its trade is denominated in dollars , while their own currency has experienced a significant nosedive amid fears of a resumption of US sanctions .
READ MORE : US to Be 'Startled ' With Iran Response Readiness if It Withdraws From JCPOA
However , several European countries have announced that they will offer euro-denominated credits to Iranian buyers . Lob considers this move an attempt to hold on to the Iranian market despite the US sanctions . They warn , though , that the US may pressure European nations to abandon their plans .
`` France and other EU countries announced they would do this in an attempt to maintain and increase trade with Iran if and when the US withdraws from the JCPOA . By executing transactions in euros , the EU and Iran could circumvent US sanctions , '' they said .
READ MORE : Trump Warns Iran Against Restarting Nuclear Program
Iran announced on April 18 that it will begin reporting foreign currency amounts in euros instead of US dollars . The move was approved by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who said that the `` dollar has no place in our transactions today . ''
It was over a decade ago when MotoGP legend Rossi first took part in a bona fide F1 group test for Ferrari , lapping 0.7s off the pace of Michael Schumacher and putting them squarely in the frame for a switch of codes that would have shaken the world – had it happened .
For the first time , Rossi – with little four-wheeled racing experience – was out on track with M Schumacher , Fernando Alonso , Jenson Button , Felipe Massa , Nico Rosberg , Juan Pablo Montoya , Ralf Schumacher , Robert Kubica , Mark Webber et al . Sounds a bit unreal to think about it now , eh ?
“ I did n't give them any advice , they do n't need it , ” said Schuey of the test . Michael had set a time of 1m11.640s with Rossi , driving an older spec of car and engine , lapping in 1m12.362s . Certainly in the mix , and only the engineers could tell you what their genuine potential was .
Rossi flirted regularly with F1 , testing for Ferrari a number of times between 2004 and 2010 . Much of the time it was a stated intention that it was “ just for fun ” – Italy 's racing legends combined , a mutual love-in .
But Rossi has always been the ultimate competitor . Just for fun ? I do n't think they know the meaning of the phrase when the visor is down !
And how about taking the plunge into marriage : as outlandish as it sounds today , how close did Rossi and Ferrari actually come to joining forces to take on the F1 world ?
We 've heard a few whispers that it almost happened . For example , Rossi 's father has stated that their son was “ very , very close ” to making the switch in that 2006-7 period . It was an era , as McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton subsequently proved , where you could make a sizeable impact with a suitable amount of testing – which was not a problem in those days .
Following that , Ferrari boss Luca di Montezemolo subsequently claimed they would have fielded Rossi in a third car – had the rules allowed it . And you 'd have to think that Rossi would have given that serious thought , given the opportunity .
The first taste
Rossi first tested a Ferrari F1 car at Fiorano in April 2004 – even wearing one of Schumacher 's spare helmets rather than one of their own .
“ It was a very exciting day for me , ” they said at the time . “ Driving an F1 car was an amazing experience , and it was great for me to follow in Schumacher 's footsteps for a day . ”
Schumacher , who was present at the test , commented : “ Of course , it took them a while to get used to it , but they were very impressive by the end of the day .
“ I know they have done some karting , but at the end of the day , when you have racing in your blood , you know what to do . ”
Rossi had a similar mid-season shakedown run at Fiorano in 2005 , this time with Marc Gene on hand for advice , and was clearly getting a taste for it : “ I wanted to get a better understanding of a Formula 1 car – it was intensive and interesting .
“ I completed a lot of kilometres , and I began to understand the handling of the car. ” You got the sense they wanted more…
The Valencia group test
Following another end-of-season run that year , the true acid test came in their first public F1 running – in that major pre-2006 season test session at Valencia , driving a detuned V10-engined car . Ferrari 's race drivers Schumacher and Massa were also driving different cars , so direct comparisons were impossible .
“ I have to say that I felt at home and did not have any particular problems – perhaps I have to practice a little in driving in the wet , ” Rossi quipped after spinning on their only lap in a wet opening day .
And this is where the door for the F1 leap was perhaps at its most-wide open . Rossi fell short of another MotoGP title in 2006 , narrowly beaten by Honda 's Nicky Hayden , but they insisted that the F1 tests – now with over 1000km of running under their belt – “ did not distract ” him .
Unbeknown to everyone at that point , Schumacher 's days at Ferrari were numbered . Kimi Raikkonen would join for 2007 , and grab the F1 title at their first attempt with the Scuderia . Rossi too had been in a ‘ contract year ' but re-signed with Yamaha in June 2006 to go on to claim two more MotoGP titles .
Imagine if different decisions had been made at that point – the ramifications would have been immense on both sides of the car and motorbike racing world .
Rossi was back behind the wheel of a Ferrari a few years later , driving a 2008-spec car with the Corse Clienti operation , and enjoying some more serious running around Mugello and Barcelona . But that really did look like it was for fun , unlike that serious 2006 test .
Was that Rossi 's last chance ?
As Stefano Domenicali mused after their most-recent test run in 2010 : “ Vale would have been an excellent Formula 1 driver , but they chose a different road . He 's part of our family and that 's why we wanted to give them this opportunity .
“ We 're happy to be together once again ; two Italian symbols like Ferrari and Valentino Rossi . ”
But perhaps Rossi 's last true chance of racing in F1 for Ferrari came in 2009 , following Felipe Massa 's injury in Hungary . After Luca Badoer struggled in the next two races , and with little to lose , Rossi suddenly entered into its thinking for Monza…
“ I talked with Ferrari about racing at Monza , ” Rossi has been quoted as saying . “ But without testing ... it would not have been logical .
“ We already decided that to enter Formula 1 without testing is more risky than fun . You ca n't go there and do everything to understand the car in three days . ”
You can see their point . And the 2009 Ferrari was a bit of dog too , relatively speaking .
But how about that 2007 beauty ? A car which won over half of the races that season – Raikkonen winning six of them , Felipe Massa three . It makes you wonder what might have been if he 'd ‘ done a John Surtees'…
Conclusion
Imagine a 2007 season where both Lewis Hamilton and Rossi would have made their Grand Prix debuts ? How cool would that have been ?
If both were granted similar levels of pre-season testing , just think how fascinating it would have been to watch their careers pan out .
Could Rossi have learnt four-wheeled racecraft to match their undoubted ability on two wheels ? They remain one of the best fighters in MotoGP , and that combination of Rossi and Ferrari would have surely drawn so much coverage to F1 – and , of course , robbed MotoGP of its biggest box office attraction .
How real was that 0.7s deficit to Schumacher on that day in Valencia ? Did they think that was too much ? Was they seeing things in Schumacher 's data that they could n't emulate ?
Bottom line is that they did n't want it that much to make it happen . Their passion for bike racing is their life , after all .
And when you 've just seen an F1 World Champion retire at the age of 31 , it makes Rossi 's decision to race at the top level on two wheels right up until the beginning of their 40s even more impressive .
A new study in the Journal of Hepatology adds NAFLD to the list of diseases associated with a Western diet that includes relatively high consumption of red and processed meat
Amsterdam , March 20 , 2018 - World meat consumption has increased during the last decades , and evidence is mounting that high consumption of red and mainly processed meat is unhealthy to humans and is related to chronic diseases such as cancer , type 2 diabetes , and cardiovascular disease . A new study published in the Journal of Hepatology adds non-alcoholic fatty liver disease ( NAFLD ) to the list .
`` NAFLD is considered as the hepatic component of the metabolic syndrome , with insulin resistance and inflammation as key factors in its pathophysiology , '' explained lead investigator Prof. Shira Zelber-Sagi , RD , PhD , from the School of Public Health , Faculty of Social Welfare and Health Sciences , University of Haifa , Israel . `` Unhealthy Western lifestyle plays a major role in the development and progression of NAFLD , namely , lack of physical activity and high consumption of fructose and saturated fat . Our study looked at other common foods in the Western diet , namely red and processed meats , to determine whether they increase the risk for NAFLD . ''
In order to test the association of type of meat and cooking method with NAFLD and insulin resistance , investigators undertook a cross-sectional study among individuals 40-70 years old who underwent screening colonoscopy at the Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology in the Tel Aviv Medical Center , and who agreed to participate in a metabolic and hepatic screening study between 2013 and 2015 .
NAFLD and insulin resistance were evaluated by ultrasonography and homeostasis model assessment ( HOMA ) . Meat type and cooking method were measured by food frequency and detailed meat consumption questionnaires . Unhealthy cooking methods were characterized as frying or grilling to a level of well done or very well done . These methods produce heterocyclic amines ( HCAs ) , which are pro-inflammatory compounds , and their intake was also calculated .
After excluding some of the participants due to factors such as viral liver disease and alcohol abuse , close to 800 subjects were included in the main analysis , of whom a sub-sample of 357 subjects completed the meat questionnaire . NAFLD was diagnosed in 38.7 percent of participants and insulin resistance in 30.5 percent . The proportion of red and white meat intake was about one third and two thirds , respectively , which is similar to the typical diet of the Israeli population . High meat eaters were slightly younger , mainly male , had a higher body mass index ( BMI ) , caloric intake , and a worse metabolic profile .
The results showed that high consumption of red and processed meat is independently associated with NAFLD and insulin resistance regardless of saturated fat and cholesterol intake and other risk factors such as BMI . In addition , individuals who consumed large quantities of meat cooked using unhealthy methods and those already diagnosed with NAFLD who consumed high HCAs had a higher chance of having insulin resistance .
Low carb diets are frequently recommended to prevent metabolic diseases . These low carb diets can be very rich in animal protein , especially meat . While meat contributes valuable nutrients that are beneficial to health , including protein , iron , zinc , and vitamin B12 , the current study indicates that meat should be eaten in moderation and the type of meat and its preparation method should be wisely chosen .
Although the association between high red and processed meat consumption and NAFLD remains to be confirmed by prospective studies , Prof. Zelber-Sagi , recommends limiting red and processed meat consumption in preference for healthier `` white meat , '' such as chicken or turkey , including fish in the diet , and steaming or boiling food instead of grilling or frying meat at a high temperature until it is very well done .
`` NAFLD is primarily a lifestyle-oriented disease . With sound medical and nutritional guidance from their clinicians , patients are better informed and equipped to implement the lifestyle changes needed to help reverse this disease , '' remarked Prof. Zelber-Sagi .
# # #
Fostoria
accidents
Tuesday :
• Complainant reported a vehicle backed into their vehicle in the 500 block of Van Buren Street at 8:10 a.m .
arrests
Tuesday :
• A male was taken into custody on a warrant out of Lucas County following a traffic stop at West Lytle Street and Midblock .
citations
Tuesday :
• Officer issued citations following a traffic stop at West Lytle Street and Midblock .
• Officer issued a warning for traffic following a traffic stop at Midblock and West Lytle Street .
Monday :
• Officer issued a citation for assured clear distance ahead following a report of a two-vehicle non-injury accident in the 1300 block of Perrysburg Road at 4:30 p.m .
• Officer issued a citation for soliciting without a permit near Summit and North Countyline streets following a report of suspicious activity .
• Officer issued a warning for a parking complaint following a report of a truck and trailer stopped along the wrong side of the road causing a traffic hazard near Summit and North Vine streets .
thefts
Tuesday :
• An East Clark Street complainant reported their vehicle was stolen . Incident is under investigation .
Monday :
• Complainant reported their leaf blower was taken from their Leonard Street porch .
• Complainant reported someone entered their Broadway Street garage and stole a push mower and a snow blower .
• Subject came on station to have on file a TV was stolen two weeks ago on Ash Street and was now at a business to be sold ; refused to make a statement or file charges and had entered into an agreement to buy the TV back .
miscellaneous
Tuesday :
• An East Tiffin Street employee reported the vacant house next door had a strong odor coming from it . Officer noted the house was secure and the smell was emitting from the trash in the backyard .
• Caller reported a vehicle with a “ for sale ” sign in it was sitting in the grassy area next to their car lot on North Countyline Street . Officer advised the caller there was no ordinance prohibiting the vehicle from being parked there .
• Caller reported a door was open on Seneca Street and the resident was not home . Officer noted the door appeared to have been forced open ; was unable to make contact with the owner to determine if items were taken ; incident is under investigation .
• Subject came on station to speak with an officer regarding a custody issue .
• Officers conducted home visits on Nichols Street ,
• Officer was out with a lost driver on Perry Street ; was able to get them on the correct route .
• Officer was flagged down by a citizen regarding a dog running loose near North County and West Culbertson streets . Officer was unable to catch up with the dog .
Monday :
• Complainant reported witnessing someone force their way into a building near South Poplar and East South streets . Officer spoke to the subject and checked the scene ; the subject was an employee staying at the building .
• Caller reported a juvenile was near the tracks at East Jackson and North Poplar streets with two dogs . Canines were impounded .
• Caller requested advice on what to do about someone writing on their business page . Officer advised to place a rebuttal on the page and block the subject .
• Officer assisted in a vehicle unlock on South Main Street .
• Caller reported a male was sleeping in a vehicle on South Union Street and there were children in the back ; stated they attempted to wake them up by knocking on the window but they would n't wake up . Officer spoke to subject who fell asleep ; no emergency .
• Officer assisted in a vehicle unlock on Spruce Street .
• Caller reported witnessing a female abuse a small puppy on North Countyline Street . Officer spoke to subjects who were training a puppy ; everything was OK .
• Complainant reported four juveniles broke into a Cherry Street residence . Officer was able to identify several of the youth in the vacant house ; spoke to their parents who would provide disposition .
• A third-party caller reported a suspicious female who was involved in drug activity was inside a North Main Street residence . Officer spoke to a male in the residence ; everything was OK .
• Complainant reported two suspicious subjects came to their Westhaven Drive residence to solicit . Officer would be on the lookout for the vehicle .
• A Bugner Street caller requested assistance with a snake .
• Caller stated a fight was about to occur on Taft Boulevard . Officer noted there was no fight at the location .
Seneca County
citations
Monday :
• Deputy issued a citation for speed following a traffic stop at Ohio 12 and County Road 592 .
• Deputy issued a warning for no front plate following a traffic stop at West Ohio 12 and North Ohio 635 .
• Deputy issued a warning for no front plate and window tint following a traffic stop on South Ohio 587 .
• Deputy issued a warning for two headlights required following a traffic stop on North Perry Street in New Riegel .
• Deputy issued a warning for no front license plate following a traffic stop at West U.S. 224 and South Township Road 109 .
• Deputy issued a warning for speed following a traffic stop at West Ohio 18 and North Nickie Lane .
miscellaneous
Tuesday :
• Complainant reported a small child was chasing a dog down South U.S. 23 and there were no parents around ; advised the child was in their vehicle .
Monday :
• Caller reported multiple vehicles parked in a circle with their lights off in a parking lot on North County Road 7 . Subjects had permission to be there as long as they were not causing problems .
Comments
comments
Nadal has now won 36 consecutive sets on clay , breaking their personal record of 32 . # RolexMCMasters pic.twitter.com/57R8PeSKLn
Ryan Mayer
Three weeks into the MLB season , and we 've already got our first no-hitter . And it came against an unlikely source . The Oakland Athletics are off to a solid start to the season , sitting at 12-11 and just 3.5 games back of the Astros in the American League West division standings . However , heading into this past weekend 's series against the Boston Red Sox , you would have been forgiven if you believed that Boston would dominate the A 's . The Red Sox had burst out of the gates to a 16-2 record prior to the series , and there was n't much that could seemingly slow down their bats .
Then , in stepped A 's lefty Sean Manaea . The 26-year-old had a solid debut season in 2016 before falling off a bit during last year 's campaign . To begin this season , Manaea was dominant , giving up just 5 earned runs through 27.2 innings pitched , while striking out 20 batters and giving up just four walks . In their Saturday start against Boston , they did even better , striking out 10 with just two walks and not allowing a hit through nine innings . It was their first career no-hitter and the first for the A 's since Dallas Braden threw a perfect game on Mother 's Day of 2010 .
There was some controversy in the game , as Red Sox outfielder Andrew Benintendi appeared to record a hit in the sixth inning , but they were ruled to have run out of the base path after instant replay . Manaea now owns a 1.23 ERA , which ranks fifth in the league so far this season .
The leader in that category is San Francisco Giants righty Johnny Cueto , who is experiencing a bounce-back season . Through four starts , Cueto has allowed just one earned run in 26 innings of work , while striking out 23 batters . In their Sunday start against the Angels , Cueto allowed just two hits and struck out seven , earning their second win of the season . They look well on their way to returning back to their career form after struggling through last season , when they posted their highest ERA since their first year in the majors .
For these and some of the other biggest stories from the past week of baseball , click on the video above .
The former police captain shared this photo of their vehicle 's defaced bumper sticker . They say they were disappointed by the use of profanity and the tone used by opponents of extending the road up Lynn Canal .
Amber Rose is debuting a whole new look .
The mother of one , 34 , shared photos of themselves on Friday in a white crop top , high-waisted plaid pants and sporting bright aquamarine hair .
The most noticeable difference ? Rose was finally wearing one of the “ cute little shirts ” she 'd previously said she 'd wanted to wear following their breast reduction in mid-January .
A post shared by Amber Rose ( @ amberrose ) on Feb 2 , 2018 at 4:35pm PST
In another Instagram photo , Rose writes , “ I do what I want 😍 ”
I do what I want 😍 A post shared by Amber Rose ( @ amberrose ) on Feb 2 , 2018 at 4:41pm PST
Rose previously shared on Instagram that they were “ really excited ” about their breast reduction surgery .
“ I 'm really scared and really excited at the same time , ” they wrote in Instagram stories . Following their surgery , they gave fans an update on their health saying they were letting their hair grow out while they rested and recovered .
“ Look how much smaller they are ! ” Rose said , showing their pressure bandage-wrapped chest . “ I really went down a lot . So I do n't know if you guys know , but I was like a 36H , I was really , really big , and I think now I might just be a D-cup , which is really small for me . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Amber Rose Gives an Update After Breast Reduction Surgery : ‘ Look How Much Smaller They Are ! '
While they were on bed rest , Rose said their reduced chest came with an extra perk — new clothes .
“ I 've been online shopping , and getting my cute little shirts , and little strapless things , and I 'm just so excited to actually be able to wear an outfit without a huge bra , ” they said .
Rose first announced in July that they were thinking about getting the breast reduction .
“ My boobs are stupid heavy , my back hurts and I ca n't wear cute lil shirts without a grandma bra , ” they said at the time .
Along with their breast reduction surgery , Rose also had their cellulite zapped .
“ An update on my cellulite treatment that I got from Dr. Matlock ; my legs are still really , really sore , my butt is really sore . The bruising and the swelling went down a lot , and once I feel up to moving around a bit more I 'll show you guys my legs and my butt , ” they said on Sunday . “ I 'll keep you guys posted , I love you guys . ”
Tiffany Field , director of the Touch Research Institute at the University of Miami School of Medicine and author of the Paris and Miami studies , said little research exists on the benefits of professional cuddling , but they have seen interest grow .
`` I think when anything like this is so increasingly popular , it 's certainly functioning as something very helpful for people , '' they said .
At Cuddlist.com the average cost for an hour with a provider is $ 80 , and the site has logged over 10,000 requests . Perhaps unsurprisingly , the business has a gender imbalance . Ninety-one per cent of Cuddlist clients are male and three quarters of its providers are female .
To explain why , Kassandra Brown , a Cuddlist provider in Boulder , Colorado , recalled a client who said , `` I 'm here because men are n't allowed to touch anyone . ''
They realized they were right . `` They ca n't touch men because that 's gay . They ca n't touch women because that 's creepy . They ca n't touch children because , well , everybody knows you 'd be a pedophile if you touched a kid . So men can either touch a sexual partner or they can touch in violence . ''
Mark Stone , a divorced holistic kinesiologist in Chicago , started going to a professional cuddler after realizing they did n't know how to touch a woman in a non-sexual way .
`` We so much embrace sexuality and we so much embrace sex in marriage and relationships with others that we lose that connection with just feeling safe in touching and holding , '' said Stone , 53 . `` I think a lot of guys do n't know how to do that very well with their partners . They do n't know how to hold a physical non-sexual space with a partner . ''
Damien , a 39-year-old engineer in Alexandria , Virginia who is single , goes to a cuddler every three months or so to relieve stress . The professional nature of the interaction makes them feel safe . Like other clients interviewed for this story , they did not want their last name published because they were concerned about others ' reactions .
`` You do n't have a personal relationship with that person , which in some ways makes it easier being open with that person , '' they said . `` These services allow you to share things pertaining to you and not worry about it going any further or spreading to people you do n't know . ''
To differentiate from other , much older , professions that cater to the lonely , Lippin and their co-founder , Madelon Guinazzo , set strict rules on what does and does n't happen in a session . Client and cuddler talk by phone before meeting and agree at the outset that it will not turn sexual ; either party can end a session at any time .
Meetings are not limited to touch . Clients can talk about almost anything during a session , though discussing sexual fantasies about the provider is off limits . But they can lean against the provider , or hold hands , or spoon while they talk .
The need for such touch is primal , said Jean Franzblau , founder of the Cuddle Sanctuary , a four-year-old storefront business in Los Angeles that offers one-on-one sessions and has hosted over 300 cuddle events . `` I believe it has something to do with evolution ; when we 're connected together in social groups we tend to survive . ''
While massage therapy might seem to be the perfect way to fulfil the need for touch , non-sexual cuddling addresses a deeper , more emotional need , professional cuddlers say .
`` Massage therapy ethics are all about one-way touch , '' said Annie Hopson , a Cuddlist provider in Ellicott City , Maryland , who is also a massage therapist . `` There was not a way for [ clients ] to be OK with saying , 'Could you hold me ? ' ``
For some , being held by another person is a new experience . Steve Curry , of Northampton , Massachusetts , who has spina bifida , said that for much of their life , `` as far as being in a touch relationship , most touch centred around my medical care needs , not emotional needs . '' They have two-hour cuddle sessions twice a month , and `` it 's never enough . ''
While most of Brown 's clients are middle-aged men , they have a couple of female clients in their 20s , including one who spends 90-minute sessions getting their head stroked while lying on Brown 's lap . `` Both of them have said to me , 'It 's really helped me to notice what I want and to ask for it , because in other parts of my life I do what others want me to do . ' ''
After professional cuddling , some clients say they are more comfortable initiating touch with friends , or they no longer flinch when someone touches them casually .
Some one-on-one cuddlers also host cuddle parties where strangers come together for a communal hug . Here , too , strict rules apply .
Professional cuddlers acknowledge that arousal is a danger of the trade and say that 's not shameful as long as it is not pursued . If someone becomes turned on during a session , participants are advised to change to a position that is less stimulating .
`` If there 's sexual chemistry does that mean you have to act on it ? '' said Lippin . `` You notice it , you let it pass . ''
Dan , 43 , who works in finance , said cuddling sessions took the place of an intimate relationship for about a year when they did n't have one .
`` I was aware that I needed contact with people , '' they said . `` I had been to massage parlours that were not on the up-and-up . I 'd leave there with feelings of shame or feeling dirty , and this was different . '' The fact that it was platonic made the sessions more rewarding , they said .
Nidhi , a 20-year-old college student in Chicago , said cuddling with Guinazzo helped them after their mother died during their first-year student year .
`` It reminded me a lot of being with my mom ; it helped me reframe some of my grief and relive the moments I did n't get to have with her , '' they said . `` I did n't feel like I was paying for touch , I felt like I was paying for therapy . Of all the kinds of therapy I tried this was the most effective . ''
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Speech to Text for Terre Haute Fire Dept . Fireworks Safety
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
safety . 1. be sure to use fireworks outdoors and away from buildings and vehicles 2. never relight a 'dud ' firework . wait 20 minutes and soak it in a bucket of water 3. always have a bucket of water or a charged water hose nearby 4. dispose of spent fireworks by wetting them down and placing them in a metal garbage can remember , if you need help checking or installing a smoke detector or want to donate to the smoke detector fund , contact the terre haute fire department at 244-2803 . 2 luther from the terre haute fire department about fireworks safety . 1. be sure to use fireworks outdoors and away from buildings and vehicles 2. never relight a 'dud ' firework . wait 20 minutes and soak it in a bucket of water 3. always have a bucket of water or a charged water hose nearby 4. dispose of spent fireworks by wetting them down and placing them in a metal garbage can remember , if you need help
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
All the 2017 Grammys Performances Ranked Worst to Best
While Beyonce 's loss to Adele for album of the year will undoubtedly dominate the post-2017 Grammys conversation , let 's not forget there were some absolute knockout performances at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards — several of which certainly belong among the all-time Grammy performance greats .
From Lady Gaga singing with Metallica to Bruno Mars paying tribute to Prince , here are all the performances at the 2017 Grammy Awards ranked from worst to best .
19 . Pentatonix
Listen , Pentatonix are great , and their Jackson 5 “ ABC ” cover sounded fine , but three hours into an award show — and after Bruno Mars ' astonishing Prince tribute — it felt like an unnecessary add-on .
18 . Keith Urban & Carrie Underwood
They may not have been , as John Travolta promised in their intro , “ The most dynamic duo since Sandy and Danny , ” but Keith and Carrie still did a fine job during the performance of their '80s synth-laden duet “ The Fighter. ” But in a night full of absolute stunners , the performance of a song this lightweight just did n't make a lasting impact .
17 . Kelsea Ballerini & Lukas Graham
Our hats are off to whoever pulled off the difficult task of weaving Kelsea Ballerini 's “ Peter Pan ” with Lukas Graham 's “ 7 Years. ” While the arrangement was effective , the question remains : Did the world need this mashup just because they 're both wistful songs about childhood slipping away as life inevitably marches on ? Answer : Not really .
16 . Sturgill Simpson & Dap-Kings
Pairing soul-influenced country singer Sturgill Simpson with the late Sharon Jones ' backing band the Dap-Kings was an elegant touch and nice tribute to Jones , and their performance of Simpson 's “ All Around You ” was lovely . But again , in a night of truly standout live performances , this wholly competent collab falls toward the bottom half of our list .
15 . Gary Clark Jr. & William Bell
Fifty years after William Bell co-wrote “ Born Under a Bad Sign ” ( made famous by blues legend Albert King ) , they took the stage at the 2017 Grammys to perform the timeless tune alongside Texas axeman Gary Clark Jr . The latter is a wonder onstage , and it was touching to see the under-recognized soul great get their due on air , but it ultimately felt like unnecessary bloating on an already long telecast .
14 . Adele
What a strange night for Adele . They won an album of the year trophy they knew should have gone to Beyonce , and they made the nearly unprecedented choice to stop mid-song during their George Michael tribute and start over . Even with the “ Fastlove ” redo , their tribute to the late British pop star still outshone their performance of “ Hello. ” It was n't bad by any stretch , but they are n't entirely in key and the minimalist staging was a bit curious . After all , we 're so familiar with “ Hello ” by this point in 2017 — why not bring something new to it for the Grammys ?
13 . John Legend & Cynthia Erivo
The Oscar & Grammy-winning singer-songwriter and the Tony & Grammy-winning Color Purple Broadway star performed a lovely cover of the Beach Boys ' “ God Only Knows ” during the In Memoriam segment at the 2017 Grammys . No complaints there .
12 . The Weeknd & Daft Punk
Opening with “ Starboy ” before seguing into “ I Feel It Coming , ” the Weeknd and Daft Punk had a nice , light groove going at the Grammys . While it was n't exactly a standout moment you 'll remember years down the road , it was still nice performance that occupies that grey space between “ good ” and “ impressive . ”
11 . Bruno Mars
Bruno Mars is one of pop 's finest showmen . He 's so good , in fact , that they can make what 's otherwise an unextraordinary song such as “ That 's What I Like ” sound like a bona fide hit . While the tune itself is just okay , they sang the hell out of it , and the reaction shots from J.Lo when they asked “ can I break it down ? ” were priceless . Bonus treat : the doo-wop harmonizing at the end was more proof that no man in pop paints with a bigger palette than Bruno .
10 . George Michael Tribute
You can never predict what Adele is going to do . Case in point : Them George Michael tribute performance at the 2017 Grammys featured them stopping a minute into “ Fastlove , ” dropping the f-bomb , apologizing and asking for a do-over because they felt they are n't doing the song justice . “ I f–ked up , I ca n't do it like last year , ” they explained — referring to their troubled 2016 Grammy performance — before restarting their contemplative , minimalist rendition of the dance-pop hit . It was worth the second go : Adele captured the beautiful aching at the core of the 1996 Older song .
9 . Katy Perry
Apart from A Tribe Called Quest , Katy Perry had the night 's most political moment . Performing irresistible new single “ Chained to the Rhythm ” with Skip Marley , Perry performed in front of mirror-covered fences , implying that putting up something like , say , a border fence is actually more a reflection on the person erecting it than those on the other side . Toward the end of the performance , the fences broke apart and spun around in a dizzying kaleidoscope before reforming in time for words from the U.S. Constitution to be projected on them . Politics aside , it was fun to see Perry in their One of the Boys-era rock mode , jumping up and down while singing like they were back in their Warped Tour days .
8 . Bee Gees Tribute
What could have easily been a disaster ( contemporary artists covering Bee Gees ' Saturday Night Fever material ) was actually an unqualified success , with Demi Lovato demonstrating she 's vocally one of the most versatile in the biz with a funky , superb run-through of “ Stayin ' Alive , ” Tori Kelly turning “ Tragedy ” into a victory , Andra Day owning the slinky sexiness of “ Night Fever ” and Little Big Town doing a lovely “ How Deep Is Your Love. ” Who knew Bee Gees were just what 2017 needed ?
7 . Ed Sheeran
Honestly , Sheeran might have actually improved upon their new single “ Shape of You ” at the Grammys . Strumming their guitar like it was a percussion instrument , Sheeran doubled down on the syncopated rhythms at the heart of their xx-y new single , and probably converted a few non-fans into Sheerios in the process .
6 . Lady Gaga & Metallica
Despite microphone issues plaguing James Hetfield 's first few verses , Gagatallica was spectacular for a few reasons . 1 ) Gaga proved they can belt metal nearly as impressively as they can croon jazz standards with Tony Bennett or sing The Sound of Music at the Oscars . 2 ) Metal is almost never part of the Grammy telecast , and it was nice to see it spotlighted . 3 ) Who would have thought a contemporary Metallica song ( “ Moth Into Flame ” ) could be played at an awards show and sound relevant ? While last year 's hard rock Grammy performance ( remember Hollywood Vampires ? ) seemed hopelessly out of place , Gagatallica 's pummeling riffage was an exhilarating rush — technical issues notwithstanding .
5 . Chance the Rapper
After winning a deserved best new artist Grammy , Chance proved to the uninitiated why an artist who has n't sold an album ( his releases thus far are free mixtapes ) is one of the most exciting acts on the planet . Bringing Kirk Franklin , Tamela Mann and a gospel choir out , Chance distilled disparate decades of soul , gospel and hip-hop into a tight performance of “ How Great ” and “ All We Got ” that turned anyone watching into a believer .
4 . A Tribe Called Quest & Anderson .Paak
Quite possibly the most political moment in Grammy history occurred when hip-hop legends A Tribe Called Quest teamed up with rising star Anderson .Paak ( and Busta Rhymes and Consequence ) to deliver several of their stone-cold classics ( a bit of “ Can I Kick It ? ” and “ Award Tour ” ) and new songs ( “ Movin Backwards ” and “ We the People ” ) . The performance alone was the most energized of the night , and their attack on the Muslim ban from “ President Agent Orange ” was especially poignant , with the group bringing people of various ethnicities through the Grammy aisles and onto the stage . Closing with Q-Tip shouting “ resist ! ” several times , it was proof that politics actually do suit the Grammys , despite the decades-old conventional logic to the contrary .
3 . Beyonce
They may not have beat Adele for album of the year , but they certainly bested Adele when it came to Grammy performances ( which is no small feat ) . Nodding to their recently revealed pregnancy , Beyonce opened their “ Love Drought ” / ” Sandcastles ” performance in profile , shifting their pose to make it seem as if a sunrise was emerging from between their legs . The rest of the performance was similarly symbolic ( flowers , flowing veils and symbols of fertility were plentiful ) and had more in common with contemporary dance staging than pop or R & B dance moves . Considering Beyonce will be several-more-months pregnant at Coachella , expect their festival performance to have more in common with their Grammy night than their Formation Tour . And based on how mesmerizing they were every second they were onscreen Sunday night , that 's good news for anyone headed to Coachella .
2 . Maren Morris & Alicia Keys
The nicest surprise at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards was how remarkable country newcomer Maren Morris and Grammy fave Alicia Keys sounded together . On a stage set-up that looked ripped from The Beauty and the Beast , Keys — decked out in a sick disco diva catsuit — and Morris traded powerhouse vocals on a stunning duet version of Morris ' Hero song “ Once. ” Please , someone out there , make a studio version of this happen .
1 . Prince Tribute
While most people under 30 were probably extremely confused who The Time were , Prince 's Purple Rain foes ( but real-life friends and collaborators ) nevertheless won over the crowd through the infectious energy of their endearingly absurd dance moves during “ Jungle Love. ” But after that , holy hell , Bruno Mars — wearing Prince 's Purple Rain poofy shirt and suit — absolutely destroyed the stage with “ Let 's Go Crazy. ” While it 's nearly impossible to cover Prince and one-up them ( Sinead is the only one to do so thus far in human history ) , Bruno 's showmanship and versatile vocals delivered what has been the finest awards-show tribute to Prince so far . And when they capped it off with some unhinged shredding at the song 's close , any jaws that had n't dropped already undoubtedly hit the floor .
CREDIT : BILLBOARD.COM
Barnaby Joyce has started two weeks of sick leave , with their Nationals leader saying it 's up to their local branch to decide their political future .
The former deputy prime minister has taken two weeks off sick after recording a tell-all , $ 150,000 interview with their staffer-turned-partner Vikki Campion .
Mr Joyce had been granted medical leave until the end of June , meaning they would n't be back at parliament until mid-August , after the winter break .
But on Wednesday they said he 'll back before the next sitting on June 18 .
`` Contrary to reports , I 'm taking to leave until June 15 following a routine check-up . The medical certificate provided allowed for a month , '' Mr Joyce tweeted .
`` I look forward to resuming parliamentary duties . The electorate office will continue normal operations in this fortnight . ''
Nationals leader Michael McCormack confirmed Mr Joyce presented a medical certificate before the party gave them four weeks ' paid sick leave .
The current deputy prime minister also told Michelle Grattan 's The Conversation podcast it was up to Mr Joyce 's electorate whether they stayed in politics .
`` That 'll be a matter for them and that 'll be a matter for the National party in New England , '' Mr McCormack said .
`` That 'll be a matter for a branch to nominate them and then that 'll be a matter for the branch members in New England as to whether or not they decide if they nominate or if anybody else nominates . ''
They raised the example of Liberal Assistant Minister Jane Prentice , who lost their own preselection despite being a sitting MP .
`` That 's democracy at work , '' Mr McCormack said .
Mr Joyce 's sudden departure comes six weeks after they and staffer-turned-partner Vikki Campion welcomed a baby boy .
The backbencher and their ex-media advisor have been widely criticised after deciding to pocket $ 150,000 for a television tell-all about their affair .
Mr Joyce and Ms Campion 's interview will be broadcast on Sunday night .
Mr Joyce jumped to the back bench after their relationship with Ms Campion became public in February . Their son Sebastian was born on April 16 .
They have split from their wife Natalie , the mother of their four daughters .
Community groups with projects set to benefit the community have been called to show their interest in the Alcoa Waroona Sustainability Fund .
Members of the management committee , consisting of representatives from the Waroona Shire Council , Alcoa and the community are looking for submissions on projects groups are planning over the next five years .
The fund 's total is $ 1,761,294 for projects in the communities around the Wagerup refinery , which can be between $ 5000 and $ 100,000 or more than $ 100,000 .
Projects can also be infrastructure based , building upgrades , extensions , equipment , or to support an ongoing program or community service .
Waroona shire president Mike Walmsley said the fund had often proved a source of seed funding for community projects .
“ If you start from scratch with nothing it can be hard , ” they said .
Mr Walmsley said applying for funding for community projects could be arduous and often funding was needed in order to meet application requirements .
Mr Walsmley said the council was hoping to find out what the community was working on which could benefit from the funding .
“ What projects are out in the community and what they 're coming up with , ” they said .
Mr Walmsley said the project had been beneficial to the upgrades at Quambie Park aged care facility , of which they were chairperson , for its renovations .
“ From our community 's perspective it 's been a tremendous source of funding , ” they said .
Information needs to be lodged with the council office before May 31 and is not considered an application .
WOODS HOLE , Mass . -- How do cells move in a certain direction in the body -- go to a wound site and repair it , for example , or hunt down infectious bacteria and kill it ?
Two new studies from the Marine Biological Laboratory ( MBL ) show how cells respond to internal forces when they orient , gain traction , and migrate in a specific direction . The research , which began as a student project in the MBL Physiology Course and was developed in the MBL Whitman Center , is published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) and this week in Nature Communications .
Both papers focus on the activation of integrins , proteins that allow cells to attach to their external environment and respond to signals coming from other cells . Integrins are transmembrane proteins : part lies on the cell surface and part lies inside the cell . Using a microscope invented at the MBL , the authors showed that when integrins unfurl from the cell surface and bind extracellularly , they simultaneously align in the same direction as a force inside the cell ( actin retrograde flow ) .
`` If you think of a cell as a car , the actin flow is the engine , '' says Clare Waterman , a Whitman Center Scientist from the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute . `` The cell can sit there , idling its engine . But when the integrins activate and bind externally , they are like the tires hitting the road , providing friction . The engine goes into gear and the car moves . ''
Timothy Springer of Harvard University , who co-discovered the integrin family of proteins in the 1980s and has largely defined their mechanism of activation , and Satyajit Mayor of The National Centre for Biological Sciences , Bangalore , were principal collaborators with Waterman on the project .
The team used a fluorescence polarized light microscope developed by MBL Associate Scientist Tomomi Tani and former Staff Scientist Shalin Mehta ( now at Chan Zuckerberg Biohub ) to measure -- in real time and with high precision -- the orientation of the integrins on the cell surface .
`` It 's quite remarkable that you can do that with a microscope , '' Springer says . `` I do n't know of any other examples where people have actually measured the orientation of a cell surface molecule . ''
There are 24 different types of integrins found on human cells . The PNAS paper studies an integrin on fibroblast cells while the Nature Communications paper analyzes an integrin on white blood cells .
`` The two integrins we worked on were about as structurally different as you can get in the integrin family , '' says Springer , yet both types , when activated , oriented in a direction dictated by intracellular actin flow .
`` This is really beautiful basic research , '' Springer says . `` While we knew a lot about highly purified integrins in solution , this research gives us specific information about their activation state in living cells . ''
Waterman was co-directing the MBL Physiology Course when they initiated this research with a group of students , including Vinay Swaminathan and Pontus Nordenfelt . After the course ended , the team added members , including Joseph Mathew Kalappurakkal and Travis I. Moore , and continued to collaborate in the MBL Whitman Center with support from a Lillie Research Innovation Award from the University of Chicago and the MBL .
`` The MBL is known for its ability to convene scientific teams with deep interdisciplinary expertise though the communication that flows between its advanced courses , its resident scientists , and the Whitman Center , '' says David Mark Welch , MBL Director of Research . `` In this case , insightful scientists with very different skills -- cell biologists , microscope developers , computational scientists , molecular modelers , protein chemists -- synergized to reveal a fundamentally important driver of cellular migration . ''
# # #
Citations :
Vinay Swaminathanan , Joseph Mathew Kalappurakkalal , Shalin B. Mehta , Pontus Nordenfelt , Travis I. Moore , Nobuyasu Koga , David A. Baker , Rudolf Oldenbourg , Tomomi Tani , Satyajit Mayor , Timothy A. Springer , and Clare M. Waterman ( 2017 ) Actin retrograde flow actively aligns and orients ligand-engaged integrins in focal adhesions . Proc . Natl . Acad . Sci . doi : 10.1073/pnas.1701136114
Pontus Nordenfelt , Travis I. Moore , Shalin B. Mehta , Joseph Mathew Kalappurakkal , Vinay Swaminathan , Nobuyasu Koga , Talley J. Lambert , David Baker , Jennifer C. Waters , Rudolf Oldenbourg , Tomomi Tani , Satyajit Mayor , Clare M. Waterman & Timothy A. Springer . Direction of actin flow dictates integrin LFA-1 orientation during leukocyte migration . Nature Communications , 11 Dec 2017 .
The Marine Biological Laboratory ( MBL ) is dedicated to scientific discovery - exploring fundamental biology , understanding marine biodiversity and the environment , and informing the human condition through research and education . Founded in Woods Hole , Massachusetts in 1888 , the MBL is a private , nonprofit institution and an affiliate of the University of Chicago .
Our final regular season polls for boys ' and girls ' basketball and the latest poll for boys ' hockey . These polls consider games played through Saturday , Feb. 11 , and were first released on Twitter at Twitter.com/foresports Sunday . The poll includes our core coverage area ( coastal Cumberland County from Cape Elizabeth to Freeport ) and is based solely on my opinion .
Boys ' basketball
1 ) Greely
2 ) South Portland
3 ) Portland
4 ) Yarmouth
5 ) Falmouth
6 ) Deering
Girls ' basketball
1 ) Greely
2 ) South Portland
3 ) Deering
4 ) Scarborough
5 ) Cheverus
6 ) Yarmouth Boys ' hockey
1 ) Falmouth
2 ) Cheverus
3 ) Greely
4 ) Scarborough
5 ) Cape Elizabeth
6 ) Yarmouth
FILE - In this Feb. 13 , 2018 , file photo , Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte addresses Filipino Overseas Workers who were repatriated from Kuwait at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport in suburban Pasay city , southeast of Manila , Philippines . Duterte asked other countries on Sunday , March 18 , 2018 to abandon the International Criminal Court because it is `` rude . '' Duterte is facing a possible complaint before the world tribunal for the thousands of killings of drug suspects during their time in office . ( AP Photo/Bullit Marquez , File )
FILE - In this Feb. 13 , 2018 , file photo , Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte addresses Filipino Overseas Workers who were repatriated from Kuwait at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport in suburban Pasay city , southeast of Manila , Philippines . Duterte asked other countries on Sunday , March 18 , 2018 to abandon the International Criminal Court because it is `` rude . '' Duterte is facing a possible complaint before the world tribunal for the thousands of killings of drug suspects during their time in office . ( AP Photo/Bullit Marquez , File )
MANILA , Philippines ( AP ) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte urged other governments on Sunday to abandon the International Criminal Court , saying the world tribunal - where he 's facing a possible complaint for the thousands of killings of drug suspects under their crackdown - is `` rude . ''
Although the Philippine Senate has ratified the Rome Statute that established the ICC , Duterte said in a speech that the treaty was never enforced in the country because it was not published in the government journal as required by law .
As a result , Duterte said the international court can never have jurisdiction over him , `` not in a million years . ''
Last month , an ICC prosecutor , Fatou Bensouda , announced that they were opening a preliminary examination into a complaint by a Filipino lawyer of suspected extrajudicial killings under Duterte 's anti-drug campaign , which could amount to crimes against humanity .
The move angered Duterte , who announced Wednesday that they were withdrawing the Philippine ratification of the Rome Statute `` effective immediately , '' citing `` a concerted effort '' by Bensouda and U.N. human rights officials `` to paint me as a ruthless and heartless violator of human rights . ''
`` You know , if it 's not published , there is no law , '' Duterte said Sunday in a speech before the annual graduation of cadets at the Philippine Military Academy in northern Baguio city .
There was no reason to withdraw from `` something which is not existing , '' Duterte said , adding that they announced the withdrawal from the ICC treaty to draw the world 's attention to the issue they had with the international court .
`` I will convince everybody now who are under the treaty at ICC : 'Get out , get out , it 's rude , ' '' the brash-talking president said .
Duterte 's action came under fire from human rights groups , who said the president was trying to evade accountability by backing out of the ICC . Critics say Duterte ca n't withdraw from the court by themselves and may need the approval of the Senate , which ratified the Rome Statute in 2011 .
Commission on Human Rights chief Chito Gascon said that the Philippines has historically been at the forefront of the fight for international justice , but that Duterte 's decision `` constitutes a reversal that will be viewed as encouraging impunity to continue . ''
More than 120 countries have ratified the treaty that established the court in 2002 in The Hague . The court can intervene only when a state is unable or unwilling to carry out an investigation and prosecute perpetrators of heinous crimes like crimes against humanity , genocide , aggression and war atrocities .
More than 4,000 mostly poor drug suspects have been killed under Duterte 's drug crackdown , according to the national police , although human rights groups have reported larger death tolls . Duterte argued Wednesday that the killings do not amount to crimes against humanity , genocide or similar atrocities .
One of the ways that computers 'think ' is by analysing relationships within large sets of data . An international team has shown that quantum computers can do one such analysis faster than classical computers , for a wider array of data types than was previously expected .
The team 's proposed 'quantum linear system algorithm ' is published in the 2 February issue of Physical Review Letters . In the future , it could help crunch numbers on problems as varied as commodities pricing , social networks and chemical structures .
`` The previous quantum algorithm of this kind applied to a very specific type of problem . We need an upgrade if we want to achieve a quantum speed up for other data , '' says Zhikuan Zhao , corresponding author on the work .
That 's exactly what he 's offering , in joint work with colleague Anupam Prakash at the Centre for Quantum Technologies , National University of Singapore , and collaborator Leonard Wossnig , then at ETH Zurich and the University of Oxford . Zhao is a PhD student with the Singapore University of Technology and Design .
The first quantum linear system algorithm was proposed in 2009 by a different group of researchers . That algorithm kick-started research into quantum forms of machine learning , or artificial intelligence .
A linear system algorithm works on a large matrix of data . For example , a trader might be trying to predict the future price of goods . The matrix may capture historical data about price movements over time and data about features that could be influencing these prices , such as currency exchange rates . The algorithm calculates how strongly each feature is correlated with another by 'inverting ' the matrix . This information can then be used to extrapolate into the future .
`` There is a lot of computation involved in analysing the matrix . When it gets beyond say 10,000 by 10,000 entries , it becomes hard for classical computers , '' explains Zhao . This is because the number of computational steps goes up rapidly with the number of elements in the matrix : every doubling of the matrix size increases the length of the calculation eight-fold .
The 2009 algorithm could cope better with bigger matrices , but only if the data in them is what 's known as 'sparse ' . In these cases , there are limited relationships among the elements , which is often not true of real-world data .
Zhao , Prakash and Wossnig present a new algorithm that is faster than both the classical and the previous quantum versions , without restrictions on the kind of data it works for .
As a rough guide , for a 10,000 square matrices , the classical algorithm would take on the order of a trillion computational steps , the first quantum algorithm some 10,000s of steps and the new quantum algorithm just 100s of steps . The algorithm relies on a technique known as quantum singular value estimation .
There have been a few proof-of-principle demonstrations of the earlier quantum linear system algorithm on small-scale quantum computers . Zhao and their colleagues hope to work with an experimental group to run a proof-of-principle demonstration of their algorithm , too . They also want to do a full analysis of the effort required to implement the algorithm , checking what overhead costs there may be .
To show a real quantum advantage over the classical algorithms will need bigger quantum computers . Zhao estimates that `` We 're maybe looking at three to five years in the future when we can actually use the hardware built by the experimentalists to do meaningful quantum computation with application in artificial intelligence . ''
# # #
Reference :
`` A quantum linear system algorithm for dense matrices '' Physical Review Letters 120 , 050502 ( 2018 ) https : / / journals . aps . org/ prl/ abstract/ 10 . 1103/ PhysRevLett . 120 . 050502
A preprint is available at https : / / arxiv . org/ abs/ 1704 . 06174
Researcher Contact :
Zhikuan Zhao
PhD Student , Singapore University of Technology and Design
Centre for Quantum Technologies , National University of Singapore
zhikuan_zhao @ mymail.sutd.edu.sg
Acknowledgments :
The authors acknowledge support from Singapore 's Ministry of Education and National Research Foundation . This material is based on research funded in part by the Singapore National Research Foundation under NRF Grants No . NRF-NRFF2013-01 and No . NRF-NRFF2013-13 .
FILE- In this March 2 , 2018 , file photo , the factory of JFE Steel Corporation is seen in Kawasaki near Tokyo . Japan 's exports in February grew 1.8 percent compared to the same month a year ago , according to Ministry of Finance data released Monday , March 19 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Koji Sasahara )
FILE- In this March 2 , 2018 , file photo , the factory of JFE Steel Corporation is seen in Kawasaki near Tokyo . Japan 's exports in February grew 1.8 percent compared to the same month a year ago , according to Ministry of Finance data released Monday , March 19 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Koji Sasahara )
TOKYO ( AP ) - Japan 's exports grew 1.8 percent in February compared to the same month a year earlier , as the surplus fell to just $ 32 million , according to customs data released Monday .
Exports are expected to remain strong in coming months , boosted by a strong global economy , though worries are deepening about a possible trade war over President Donald Trump 's plan to impose 25 percent tariffs on steel and 10 percent on aluminum .
Japan , which exports much of its steel to Asia and not the U.S. , is seeking an exemption .
Exports grew to 6.46 trillion yen ( $ 61 billion ) . Japan 's imports in February grew 16.5 percent on year also to 6.46 trillion yen ( $ 61 billion ) , when rounded off , leaving a surplus of 3.4 billion yen ( $ 32 million ) , the ministry said .
Taking into account seasonal adjustments , the preliminary data showed Japan actually ran a trade deficit in February .
By country , Japan 's exports to the U.S. in February grew 4.3 percent .
The European Union has published a list of American products it plans to tax if it is not exempted from the tariffs announced by Trump . Japan has not said anything about retaliation .
In recent decades , Japan has diversified its exports to tap faster growing markets , especially in Asia , and also to avoid antagonisms over trade that led to `` Japan-bashing '' in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
ArtistEcard Corporation , an innovative technology company headquartered in Chicago , IL , is taking digital marketing to the next level in the realm of music .
“ With its roots firmly planted in high-tech and entertainment sectors , ArtistEcard provides unparalleled technological solutions in the field of music marketing to the independent and well-established artists , focusing on such aspects of E-marketing as the visual presence , uniquely crafted video services , web applications , electronic press kits , video online advertising and syndicated services to users , artists , merchants and commercial partners alike , ” the company tells us .
The state-of-the-art platform includes a broad set of creative tools , tailored for website development , online music stream , production and global digital distribution of music videos , photographs , analytics , electronic press kits , a Facebook app , email marketing , a mobile handset optimized website , and promotional video materials .
ArtistEcard aims to be a leader as a One-Stop Shop by combining all the tools that music professional needs in one place at the very low cost .
“ We have a great team of skilled and knowledgeable professionals , always eager and always hungry for conquering new heights , ” says Ivan Buryadnyk , founder of ArtistEcard . “ Most importantly , they , too , are as dedicated to what they do as I am . ThatAnd To that extent , we are currently looking for a new a key team member . It is critical for us to constantly grow and expand the horizons . We are looking into entering the European market , where such platform and such advertising model simply does not yet exist . With the focus on the visual marketing component , consisting of promotional videos , presentations , advertising campaigns , video blogging and the like – all of which we 've seen as a key element in E-marketing , we are looking to add new faces to our team , and to find these unique individuals , who can help us to gain popularity and reputation in that part of the world . ”
The biggest mystery in Starz 's Power is n't whether the sharp-eared Maria Suarez will be the one who eventually takes Ghost down . It 's not whether Kanan will flip back to being the villain we knew for the past four seasons . And it certainly is n't whether James and Tasha should severely limit their son 's data plan . ( That last one 's a given . )
Nope , the question we ca n't put aside has to do with one of the Starz series ' longest-lasting threads : How , exactly , do the Jimenez gather so many La Araña cards ?
As devoted viewers of the show know , the Latino drug cartel 's signature move is to leave the Mexican tarot card , which depicts a spider , somewhere they know the intended victim will find it . Seeing La Araña in your home or place of business conveys a bone-chilling truth : You 're probably going to die , soon , and it 's going to hurt a lot .
At the end of Sunday 's season premiere , in response to Ghost & Co. 's failed hit on Dre , Tommy 's card was waiting for them at the door of their apartment . Kanan found theirs on their windshield . And Dre brazenly walked up to Ghost at Raina 's gravesite and handed them the palm-sized harbinger , warning St. Patrick that their entire family would die at the hands of the Jimenez cartel if they came after their former protege again .
But back to our query : If La Araña is just one card in a full tarot deck… how exactly does the murder-happy Jimenez cartel get so many of them ? Do they order complete packs in bulk from Amazon , and have a low-level operative spend all day plucking them out ? Does the powerful crime organization have them printed special ?
“ I think we have them printed , ” says series co-creator Courtney Kemp , laughing at TVLine 's admittedly not crucial ( but seriously curious ) request for details . Thankfully , their fellow executive producer Curtis “ 50 Cent ” Jackson feels us .
“ No , they would have to get them out of a deck of cards all the time , ” they say after considering the matter for a moment . Pricey , given Alicia and Diego 's ever-expanding kill list , “ but I think there are no financial worries about that , ” Kemp adds wryly . “ Maybe they have a hookup at the factory . ”
May 3 , the University Y Student Cen­ter will welcome Aneelah Afzali , a key­note speaker who will address the anti-Muslim hatred in the South Puget Sound area to help curb Islamophobia . Afzali is an executive director of the Muslim As­sociation of Puget Sound 's America Mus­lim Empowerment Network , who works tirelessly to help Muslim-Americans .
There will be three sessions through­out May 3 , held 12:30–1:50 p.m. , 2:15–3:30 p.m. and 7–9 p.m . These sessions were divided across the whole day to ensure as many people as possible can attend at their convenience .
Afzali has been vocal in their aim to eradicate injustice against Muslims , dis­miss the misconceptions regarding the Muslim faith and develop future leaders that can carry on the foundations set by the Muslim Association .
Ginger L. MacDonald , professor at UW Tacoma in the School of Education and director of the doctoral program in educational leadership , shed light on how this event was made into a reality .
“ Every year the doctor program does a speaker series around the equity issues that are being seen at large , ” MacDonald said . “ This year we chose to reach out to a speaker that can educate students on the anti-Muslim hatred that has started to gain momentum . ”
The first and third sessions will focus on the experiences that Muslim-Amer­icans are currently going through and how can they counter the Islamophobia they might be facing . The second session will be more UWT centric , where stu­dents , alumni and people in the com­munity can provide their insight and experiences on the issue .
The event , funded by the doctoral program in educational leadership , plans to raise consciousness and initiate a com­munity conversation amongst people to ensure the best possible response to the anti-Muslim hatred at hand .
“ We are trying to address the culture at large right now , not specifically re­stricted to UWT , where Muslims are being discriminated against , ” MacDonald said . “ We are also aiming for the faculty and staff to understand their students better , and hope there is a better under­standing of Muslims in our university and community . ”
Several UWT departments have come together in order to ensure that this event is a success . Along with the doctoral program in educational leader­ship , the School of Education , the Office of the Chancellor , and the Center for Equity and Inclusion have collaborated to make this event possible .
“ We hope students , faculty and staff and come engage in authentic conversa­tions around this important topic , ” Mac­Donald said . “ I believe that people who understand each other will be in a better position to get along , and that is what we are aiming for here . ”
Like this : Like Loading ...
March 19 ( UPI ) -- Somehow , Serena Williams softly sells the idea of winning as if they have never done it before . They say it 's important to do it again but knows it will take time .
In the back of their mind is a restless competitor -- maybe the fiercest the sports world has ever known -- screaming for that victory to come yesterday .
On Monday , Williams stood with a shovel in hand .
They were among a cast of business moguls assembled at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens , Fla. Miami Dolphins owner Stephen Ross , WME-IMG President Mark Shapiro and former tennis star James Blake joined Williams for a groundbreaking ceremony for the 2019 Miami Open , which will move from Key Biscayne to the Dolphins ' home field .
Williams , 36 , is listed at No . 491 in the WTA singles rankings , an unheard-of spot for the 23-time Grand Slam champion . The woman with 72 WTA singles titles and more than $ 84 million in career prize money will face Indian Wells champ Naomi Osaka on Wednesday afternoon in the round of 128 at this year 's Miami Open .
Serena Williams told me how much a win would mean for them on their comeback tour . pic.twitter.com/rOcTF9oIVk — Al Butler ( @ ALaboutSports ) March 19 , 2018
Williams -- who has n't won a tournament since claiming the 2017 Australian Open while two months pregnant -- is on an unparalleled comeback tour to claim a 73rd WTA win and eventually a record-tying 24th Grand Slam .
`` [ A win ] would mean a lot to me , '' Williams said . `` But right now , I 'm taking a little bit at a time . I feel like every week I 'm getting better and every day I 'm getting better . So a little bit at a time and eventually I 'll get there . ''
A `` little bit at a time '' spells no rush for an ending to Williams ' decorated tenure of dominating clay , grass and hardcourt surfaces .
`` I definitely have goals , '' Williams said . `` Obviously , I 'm going to have to reach them and it 's going to take a while , but I 'm going to get there a little bit at a time . A day at a time . ''
Williams -- a minority owner of the Miami Dolphins -- is also part owner of the tournament . Ross joked Monday that they could become an owner and winner of the same tournament , simultaneously .
The Miami Open was founded in 1985 . Williams dreamt of playing in it as a youngster , watching the likes of Monica Seles and Steffi Graf dominate under the South Florida sun .
Stephen Ross says Miami Open will be “ greatest tennis tournament in the world. ” pic.twitter.com/t3QsSo4chh — Al Butler ( @ ALaboutSports ) March 19 , 2018
They called Ross a `` visionary '' when it came to moving the tournament , after first having doubts about the relocation . Williams ' eight Miami Open victories are more than any other player .
Blake -- the new Miami Open tournament director -- said that if you bet against their longtime friend winning again , you are `` doing so at your own peril . ''
`` I learned long ago not to even think about doing that because of just how competitive they are and how quick their comeback already has gone , '' Blake said . `` From Fed Cup , to last week , to now .
`` I think you are going to see leaps and bounds progress by them and it 's exciting to see their comeback , another kinda chapter in their journey . ''
Williams lost in an exhibition match to Jelena Ostapenko in December , their first match since giving birth . They played in a double match with sister Venus Williams in February at the Fed Cup .
Most recently , Venus beat Serena in straight sets 6-3 , 6-2 in the round of 32 on March 12 at the BNP Paribas Open . That bout came after Serena beat Zarina Diyas and Kiki Bertens in their previous matches at Indian Wells .
Blake -- who left the sport in 2013 -- marvels at the longevity of Williams and 2017 Miami Open champ Roger Federer . Federer , 36 , is the second-oldest male player to ever win a Grand Slam . They could soon catch Ken Rosewall , who won the Australian Open at age 37 . Serena Williams became the oldest woman to win a Grand Slam in the Open Era when they won in Melbourne at 35 .
While Blake says they ca n't relate to being a mother , they respect what their friend is doing on their comeback tour . They say Federer and Williams have one thing in common when it comes to why they persist : their love for tennis .
`` Every time they step on the court , it 's historic , '' Blake said . `` What they are doing , what they have done for the sport . We are absolutely in a golden era , with two of the greatest players of all time with Serena and Roger playing late into their 30s . Playing longer than most people would have ever expected them to . Really [ longer ] than they ever need to .
`` Both of their legacies are cemented . They do n't need to do anything more to prove themselves . They are both still doing it because they love the game . Serena is bar-none the fiercest competitor I 've ever known .
`` She 's a good friend , so I 've known them closely for a while and without any restriction on gender ... historical , anyone I 've ever known . She 's the most competitive person . So for them to still be out here . They know she 's doing it because they want to win . That 's inspiring to me . I think a lot of young players , especially young women , look up to them and see someone that is empowered . Someone that is strong and someone that is doing what they want to do , not what they need to do . ''
Williams said the support they have gotten after sharing the story of their life-threatening delivery of Olympia has been overwhelming . They also said they have n't played enough matches yet to know if being a mother has changed their on-court experience .
`` I 'm just trying to be nicer to myself . But I 'm so intense , '' they said . `` I have such high expectations all the time . ''
CHILLICOTHE , Ohio ( AP ) — A puppy found at an Ohio park with “ FREE ” written on their fur has a new home .
The Ross County Humane Society says a family adopted the 5-month-old female mixed lab on Wednesday .
The shelter says it received nearly 100 applications to adopt the dog after it was found inside a cage at a Chillicothe ( chil-ih-KAH'-thee ) park last week .
Linette Wrightsel says their daughter begged them to go to the shelter and that they both connected with the puppy right away .
Wrightsel says they could n't resist .
The shelter 's director says whoever left the dog used a permanent marker to write “ FREE ” and “ GOOD HOME ONLY ” on its fur .
Workers at the shelter were able to clean up the markings before putting them up for adoption .
Comments
comments
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RALPHO TOWNSHIP , Pa. -- A worker had to be flown to the hospital after they got their arm caught in a machine at a factory in Northumberland County .
Police say it happened Monday morning at The Toy Factory on Industrial Park Road near Elysburg .
The place in Northumberland County makes stuffed animals .
The incident is under investigation . There is no word how the man 's arm got caught .
A Louisville , Kentucky registered sex offender accused of masturbating in a public park denied the incident when questioned by police , saying instead they were startled by a groundhog while urinating .
According to the Louisville Courier-Journal , an unidentified victim spotted a man in a public park last Thursday . The man appeared to be following them and another person around the park with their pants down and their genitals exposed .
The man , 53-year-old Robert McCoy was arrested and charged with first-degree sexual abuse . But according to their statement to police , McCoy explained the incident as a misunderstanding .
They claim they were urinating in the park , when their pants fell down . They then claimed they were startled by a groundhog nearby and quickly turned around , possibly exposing themselves to passersby .
According to WAVE-TV , McCoy is listed as a registered sex offender . He 's due back in court on Aug. 21 .
Alex Hider is a writer for the E.W . Scripps National Desk . Follow them on Twitter @ alexhider .
LAKE CHARLES , LA ( CBS Local ) – A Buffalo Wild Wings in Louisiana is stepping up to help a local homeless man after one of their servers allegedly left a vulgar note on a customer 's receipt .
The wing chain in Lake Charles is under fire after an employee reportedly wrote “ For Homeless F— ! Let sit and get gross , ” on a homeless man 's order on Memorial Day . Multiple workers were allegedly involved in the cruel act , with another person writing “ I love you ” under the server 's message .
Buffalo Wild Wings is giving a customer free wings for a year , a gift card , and donating a `` couple hundred wings '' to a local homeless shelter after a derogatory remark was found on a customer 's receipt . > > https : //t.co/J2nAquU1mc pic.twitter.com/QYastyj2ns — WAFB ( @ WAFB ) May 29 , 2018
When the homeless man saw their order ticket they shared their outrage with other customers in the restaurant , sparking one woman to confront the chain 's management . “ I was just really upset about it , like why would you do that , especially , and they said , ‘ You all know that I 'm homeless , I do n't have anywhere to live , ' and it just really upset me , ” Kailynn Weston said , via WAFB .
“ And I was like , ‘ That 's not okay , one , for someone to treat a customer like that , let alone a customer in their condition , ” the 26-year-old added .
Customers reportedly demanded that the employees involved face discipline . This was a request that Buffalo Wild Wings agreed with . “ It 's embarrassing for this gentleman and it 's very inhumane on the part of the employees , ” regional manager Ray Rhodes told reporters after announcing that the workers were fired . “ It 's not our culture and it 's not who we are . ”
Buffalo Wild Wings is also giving the homeless customer a year of free wings at their restaurants and presented them with a gift card to buy some new clothes with .
The restaurant chain also stepped up by donating several hundred wings to a local homeless outreach center . “ In 7 years that I 've been doing this we have never given out Wings . I think this is their new favorite ! ! ” Kelli Tidwell Stawecki of Water 's Edge Gathering Church wrote on Facebook .
Strong fields have again nominated for the 2018 Albany Surf Craft Challenge , consisting of a surf boat and ski race that begins in Princess Royal Harbour on Sunday morning .
More than 20 surf boats and 20 skis have already entered the annual 13km race that starts in Princess Royal Harbour and finishes in front of Albany Surf Life Saving Club at Middleton Beach .
Albany will have one man 's boat crew and three women 's boat crews , while Denmark is also joining the event , with a possibility of two boats taking part .
Several strong metropolitan clubs will compete at the event , with North Cottesloe chasing more success in the men 's open division , while City Beach claimed the open women 's title in 2017 .
Registrations are still open for the surf boat and ski races and close online at 4pm tomorrow .
A 2km beach run will also be held as part of the event , with entry $ 5 a person and registrations taken on the day . ASLSC president Rob Mason said entry numbers were strong across the board .
“ We have 26 boats registered and 23 skis , ” Mason said yesterday .
“ We will probably end up with a similar amount to last year , around the 150 individual people mark .
“ The weather conditions look ideal and it 's shaping as a great event . We have food and drinks down there , along with music , and the public are all welcome . ”
The surf ski race starts at 8.30am and the surf boats shortly after .
The beach run is set for 11am .
There is something that I have noticed since the start of football season that I feel needs to be addressed in one form or another . It 's something that I have noticed specifically in the city of Chicago , and it relates directly to bars . I have a bone to pick with these bars . I have observed , that as college football season has started , suddenly , there are bars everywhere that support some school . These schools range from the west coast all the way to the east coast , and pretty much everywhere in between . Now , when I first moved to Chicago I noticed that some bars obviously were tied to a school , they 'll have the memorabilia everywhere , jerseys on the wall , sometimes even some of the menu items are named after things related to the school , whether it be a mascot name , former player , etc . The thing is lately , there are bars , and bars that I have been to previously that now are suddenly connected to a school , seemingly out of the middle of nowhere , with no real obvious connection in place , other than football season started . I , especially as a New England Patriot fan , understand , that sometimes things just do n't add up as far as fandom for a particular team , or in this case school or university . The difference is , I was an easily impressionable 7 year old kid , who saw a team that was an underdog in a super bowl , rooted for them , and then remain a fan still today . These bars , they 're merely just hopping on the bandwagon of whatever team to make a quick buck . There 's little loyalty involved , there are no flags hanging outside the bar year round , but every Saturday from September through November , suddenly there are flags for universities I 've never even heard of . And the thing is , it would be fine , if they would just commit , if you 're going to be a Clemson University Bar , then put Clemson gear everywhere , on the walls , in the bathrooms , on the tables , I want it everywhere , not just on a TV for 12 weeks , I want the whole thing .
Aaron J. Boma 2016
ISU Graduate
Baltimore 's police commissioner is now requiring all officers to be on 12-hour shifts as violence increases in the city .
The police department announced the plan after the city experienced episodes of violence that started Monday evening and continued over into Tuesday , leaving six dead and a total of 12 people shot , WJZ reported .
“ Quite frankly it pisses off the community , it angers us , it frustrates us , ” Baltimore Police Commissioner Kevin Davis said of the violence in Baltimore .
A 28-year-old man who died during a drug dispute , a 37-year-old woman murdered in a bullying incident , and a man and a woman in their twenties killed in a quadruple shooting were among the victims .
The commissioner said the new requirement would be in effect through the weekend at a minimum , and patrol officers , detectives , and administrative officers are all required to patrol the streets for 12-hour shifts effective immediately .
They added that they believe the violence stems from drugs , guns , and gangs .
Baltimore 's increasing murder rate has posed a problem for the city .
The Baltimore Sun reported that “ one out of every 2,000 [ Baltimore ] residents was killed in 2016 , ” a total of 318 people . The paper added that the year before , in 2015 , the city recorded 344 homicides in the city 's deadliest year on record .
Baltimore Mayor Catherine Pugh asked the FBI for help in combating the city 's murder problem as the city faced an officer shortage resulting from budget cuts and policy changes .
2:06
Confederate flag ignites battle between private Columbia school , parent says it 's their right
0:43
What are the tallest buildings in Columbia ?
1:23
`` Over the shaft is a main building of hoisting works , '' reported The Salt Lake Tribune in a Jan. 1 , 1891 story . `` This is a substantially-framed structure , 40 by 119 feet , and high enough to take in the gallows frame , that being one of the best and strongest in the country…There are no better frame timbers or larger ones than these in Utah . ''
The frame , according to the Division of History , allowed mining from depths of 300 to more than 3,000 feet below the surface . Two Frazer and Chalmers 500-horsepower engines moved cages that traveled in and out of the vertical shaft .
Though the shaft is covered , the frame remains . Since this type of frame is rare , historians say it serves as a symbol for the Western mining landscape .
This was one of Eureka 's four big mines . The others , the Gemini , Eureka Hill and Centennial Eureka or Blue Rock , are all visible from the Beck .
According to Western Mining History , the Beck produced lead , copper , zinc and silver .
Today , there is a parking area at the base of the large frame with a historical marker telling its history that can be seen in a short stop for those driving through Eureka .
CBS 62An aerial view of most of the University of Michigan Health System hospitals in Ann Arbor . 26905 West 11 Mile Road Southfield , MI 48033 Station Phone : 248-355-7000 Twitter | Facebook Email / Contact Forms Web Team Community Affairs Local TV Programming Sales Inquiries Technical/Reception Network FAQ/Feedback WWJ-TV is part of the CBS Television [ … ]
WWJ Newsradio 950An aerial view of most of the University of Michigan Health System hospitals in Ann Arbor . LISTEN LIVE | TOP NEWS | TRAFFIC | PROMOTIONS | EVENTS Welcome to WWJ Newsradio 950 on WWJ.com ! Welcome to WWJ Newsradio 950 – Detroit 's ONLY all news radio station , with accurate and dependable traffic and weather updates on the 8s , 24 hours-a-day . WWJ [ … ]
97.1 The TicketAn aerial view of most of the University of Michigan Health System hospitals in Ann Arbor . Today 's Detroit Sports News | Promotions| Sports Update Newsletter About 97.1 The Ticket 26455 American Drive Southfield , MI 48034 Call the in-studio line at ( 248 ) 539-9797 . ( 248 ) 327-2900 Map Directions Send a comment or suggestion to the Detroit web team . Programming feedback [ … ]
CBS Sports Radio 1270An aerial view of most of the University of Michigan Health System hospitals in Ann Arbor . Today 's Detroit Sports News | About CBS Sports Radio 1270 26455 American Drive Southfield , MI 48034 ( 248 ) 327-2900 Map Directions Send a comment or suggestion to the web team . Programming feedback can be sent to : Jimmy Powers , CBS Sports Radio [ … ]
Coronation Beach lived up to its reputation on April 15 , delivering long rolling lefts and rights for the Geraldton Longboard Club 's second round of the 2018 season .
Competitors enjoyed small to medium waves and slight offshore conditions before the sea breeze came about mid-morning .
A strong turnout of women , including new member Cassie Cox , allowed for both eight and nine-foot women 's divisions to go ahead .
A niggling shoulder injury did not stop veteran champ Judy Dann from claiming first place in the women 's eight-foot division .
Elissa Bailey was runner-up and Cassie Cox was in third place .
“ I was pretty stoked with how I surfed considering I had a stuffed shoulder , ” Dann said .
“ It 's been crook for a couple of months now and has n't been getting any better , so I just have to put up with it . ”
Dann said conditions were fun but not quite suited to their surfing style .
“ I 'm more of a big-wave surfer , and I prefer a suckier wave — Coronations is pretty soft , ” they said .
“ But it was a good day and we were lucky we got any surf at all , considering the conditions lately . ”
The tables turned in the women 's nine-foot division , with Dann finishing second and Bailey coming out on top after taking an early lead .
Cox placed third , followed by Cally Quimby and Chonnie Bellottie .
Camera Icon Women 's nine foot division winner Elissa Baillie . Picture : Judy Dann
Club president Pete Taylor said they were impressed with Cox , who was accustomed to riding a shortboard .
“ I think it was the first time she 'd hopped on a longboard , and they were like a duck to water , ” they said .
Several local stalwarts battled it out in the men 's nine-foot division , with Ronnie Baker and Dave Quimby vying for the rights , while Johno Olden and Lance Jenkins took the lefts .
Baker won first place , followed by Quimby , Jenkins and Olden .
Quimby , Baker and Olden placed first , second and third respectively in the men 's eight-foot division .
Event three will be held on May 26 or 27 depending on conditions . Newcomers , particularly women , are urged get involved .
The following weekend will see surfers from across WA make the trip to Coronation for the Geraldton Winter Classic .
Entry forms are available at Willocks Surf .
The next thing I remember was trying to get out from under a different man who was at least twice my size , and being scared by the sound of my own screaming .
Even 15 years later , it 's hard for me to decide if having a drugged , spotty memory of that night is a blessing or a curse .
What I do remember with a clarity so sharp it still smarts are the weeks and months that followed . The two guys , who were highly anticipated recruits , admitted to what they had done , and that ended any chance they had of making the team . Unbeknownst to me , the coach told the team I was the reason they could n't come to the university — because I could n't handle a little fun .
The university and city police were kind , but encouraged me not to pursue criminal charges because they were concerned it would make matters worse for me . I was n't sure what they meant , until guys who used to be my friends started following me to and from class saying awful things , throwing things at me , and sometimes even knocking me down . I 'd call my mom just in case something happened , so someone would know I needed help . One night , when they were outside my place hollering for what seemed like an eternity , my mom drove five hours to take me to a hotel .
All my friends were athletes , but I had become a social pariah . I spent my 19th birthday alone in my dorm with Kelly Clarkson and Christina Aguilera on alternating repeat . I was too stubborn to move home , but too scared to fight . I felt paralyzed . And very alone .
I finished the semester and went home for the summer never to return . But , with the painful knowledge that I walked away from an injustice unresolved . Since then , I have dedicated my education , my volunteerism and at times my work to combating social injustice , but it has n't made me forget and it has n't erased the complicated emotions lingering from that night .
Reading the stories of these brave women who had endured horrific circumstances and still had the wherewithal to speak up was an emotional experience ; I felt equal parts pain and shame along with awe and inspiration .
Like a returning wave , it all came crashing back a week ago with the announcement of the Pulitzer Prize . The Salt Lake Tribune 's reporting on these issues that are too often taboo and discouraged , but desperately in need of the exposure is , in fact , life changing . Too many of us — women and men — experience the weight of another human upon us followed by the weight of the silence . Like an emotional diet , I 'm shedding that weight . I 'm speaking up .
Thank you to the brave women who told their stories and to the brave reporters who were relentless in their investigations . Thank you for helping me realize that I am not a victim of sexual assault ; I am a survivor .
Marina Gomberg 's lifestyle columns appear on sltrib.com . They are a communications professional and lives in Salt Lake City with their wife , Elenor Gomberg , and their son , Harvey . You can reach Marina at mgomberg @ sltrib.com .
CHESTER COOPER MP , SHADOW MINISTER , FINANCE , FINANCIAL SERVICES & INDUSTRY
August 13 , 2017
I support the Minnis ' administration 's move to continue the rescue of the Bank of The Bahamas ( BOB ) through the transfer of $ 166 million in “ toxic ” loans to Resolve Bahamas Ltd .
Though I am the Opposition 's spokesperson for financial services , I do not plan to take a partisan stance on this issue . Partisanship has no place in Financial Services .
I will also call a spade a spade : BOB has been in deep trouble because of what has happened over several administrations . There is no getting around it .
The Government and ultimately the taxpayers will still be on the hook for servicing the $ 166 million to be transferred and the $ 100 million transferred under the previous administration through letters of comfort and promissory notes .
In 2015 , the FNM , the then official opposition , marched recklessly against the establishment of Resolve . It now appears that they have seen the light as they walk back this harmful position and fully support the PLP 's policy for BOB 's recovery .
Financial services is a confidence business . In that regard , the PLP plans to work with the Bahamas Financial Services Board and the Ministry of Financial Services to continue to strengthen and advance The Bahamas as one of the world 's top-tier financial services centers .
However , let me be crystal clear : The continued bailout of the Bank of The Bahamas by the government on the backs of the taxpayer is untenable in the long-term . Now that there is bi-partisan support for the notion that BoB is sufficiently important to the national well-being that strong support from the Government is warranted ; confidence in the bank itself will hopefully be restored such that no further intervention is required .
An additional step to bolster confidence is for the Government to be resolute that the Board and its professional management team will autonomously run the bank .
I also look forward to the promised debate in Parliament over this latest proposed transfer , as articulated by the deputy prime minister , to better understand the current position of the bank , whose failure must be prevented at all reasonable costs .
We also look forward to the articulation by BOB 's professional management of the bank 's turnaround strategy and path to profitability , including assessing its footprint and product offerings , innovative partnering , cost rationalization , delivery systems to enhance customer service , improving its relationship with regulators and enhancing management if / where necessary .
Britain and the EU have agreed to a transition period to avoid a `` cliff edge '' Brexit next year - though only after London accepted a potential solution for Northern Ireland 's land border that may face stiff opposition at home .
The pound surged on confirmation that Britain would remain effectively a non-voting EU member for 21 months until the end of 2020 . Some business leaders , however , echoed a warning from EU negotiator Michel Barnier that the deal is legally binding only if London agrees the whole withdrawal treaty by next March .
That means solving outstanding issues , notably how to avoid a `` hard border '' that could disrupt peace in Northern Ireland . Britain says an EU-UK free trade deal to be sealed by 2021 can do that . But Dublin insists the Brexit treaty must lock in a `` backstop '' arrangement in case that future pact does not work .
Both sides are committed to keeping a free flow of people and goods over the intra-Irish border without returning to checkpoints , as during the three decades of violence in Northern Ireland . However , finding a practical solution for any customs checks needed post-Brexit has proved elusive so far .
The dispute with Ireland had threatened to derail May 's hopes of a formal political endorsement of the transition deal by EU leaders when they meet in Brussels on Friday . A weekend of intensive talks , however , has broken the deadlock - for now .
Prime Minister Theresa May , who relies on pro-British Northern Ireland members of parliament to pass their Brexit legislation , had rejected a fallback proposed by Brussels three weeks ago . They said an EU offer to keep Northern Ireland under EU trade rules would isolate the province from the mainland .
However , their Brexit Secretary David Davis , in Brussels , has now signed up to following similar principles as negotiators resume work to find an `` operational '' compromise . Dublin said it was happy to accept as it bound London in to not `` backsliding '' on pledges May had made on the issue in December ..
`` We agree on the need to include legal text detailing the 'backstop ' solution for the border , '' Davis told a news conference with Barnier . `` But it remains our intention to achieve a partnership that is so close as to not require specific measures in relation to Northern Ireland . ''
The question will remain as to whether negotiations on the future trade partnership between Britain and the EU , which are expected to start only next month after EU leaders endorse Barnier 's negotiating guidelines on Friday , can produce results - and quickly enough to avoid having language in the withdrawal treaty that Britain , and May 's Belfast allies , can not accept .
Them Democratic Unionist Party allies said the `` announcement '' did not concern them as it left the border issue unresolved .
Longer term , the transition deal may buy people time but business still faces a `` cliff edge '' of uncertainty come 2021 .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Sen. John McCain is defending the special counsel investigating Russian election interference after a series of tweets from President Donald Trump revived chatter that the Trump may be preparing to get rid of the veteran prosecutor .
The Arizona Republican wrote on Twitter on Sunday that it is `` critical '' Robert Mueller be allowed to complete a thorough investigation into Russia 's interference in the 2016 election `` unimpeded . ''
Trump 's tweets revived talk Trump may , in an attempt to end the investigation , move to have Mueller fired . But White House lawyer Ty Cobb sought late Sunday to tamp down the speculation by saying the president is not contemplating such a move .
FILE -- In this photo taken on Aug. 2 , 2017 , the Iuventa ship of the German NGO Jugend Rettet is docked at Lampedusa ' harbor , Italy . Italyâ€™s highest court has rejected a request by Jugend Rettet to release its migrant rescue boat Iuventa , seized eight months ago by prosecutors investigating allegations that NGOs colluded with migrant smugglers . ( Elio Desiderio/ANSA via AP )
FILE -- In this photo taken on Aug. 2 , 2017 , the Iuventa ship of the German NGO Jugend Rettet is docked at Lampedusa ' harbor , Italy . Italyâ€™s highest court has rejected a request by Jugend Rettet to release its migrant rescue boat Iuventa , seized eight months ago by prosecutors investigating allegations that NGOs colluded with migrant smugglers . ( Elio Desiderio/ANSA via AP )
ROME ( AP ) - Italy 's highest court has rejected a request by a German group to release its migrant rescue boat seized eight months ago by prosecutors investigating allegations that non-governmental organizations colluded with migrant smugglers .
The German group , Jugend Rettet , said Tuesday that it was devastated by the Cassation Court 's ruling and that `` we will fight for the right to rescue people in danger at sea . ''
Doctors Without Borders said the ruling `` sends a working signal ( that ) Europe will continue to criminalize humanitarian organizations conducting search-and-rescue operations ... rather than strengthening capacities to save lives at sea . ''
Prosecutors told the court that the Iuventa was seized based on three episodes in which crew members had contact with migrant smugglers . The group 's spokesperson , Philipp Kulker , said in Berlin that the evidence had been fabricated .
Nearly 100 homes were lost in the small NSW town after a fire swept through it .
When Hailee Cooper steps on the first tee Thursday morning at Shoal Creek Golf Club , she 'll be feeling all the nerves .
That 's to be expected of an 18-year-old amateur golfer playing with the best in the world at one of the biggest golf tournaments of the year : the U.S. Women 's Open .
“ It 's good to be nervous on the first tee , ” said Cooper , a Montgomery native . “ If you do n't have nerves , you do n't really care . ”
Despite their youth , Cooper 's golfing résumé already draws plenty of praise : four straight top-10 finishes at the state high school tournament , an appearance on the U.S . Junior Ryder Cup team , and a future playing with the University of Texas women 's golf team .
Hailee Cooper at Shaol Creek Golf Club in Shoal Creek , Alabama , where she 's playing in the 2018 U.S. Women 's Open .
Courtesy Hailee Cooper
Them grandpa gave them a golf club when they were 2 days old and told them parents , “ She 's going to be a golfer. ” At 4 years old , they began hitting golf balls in their front yard . By 6 , their father began taking them to a golf course . And by 7 , they were competing in tournaments .
They grew frustrated with the game shortly after when they did n't see improvement and almost swore it off completely . Them father kept insisting they not give up— “ you wo n't get better unless you play more , ” he 'd tell them Then at 10 years old , their love returned .
“ I told my dad , ‘ I want to try this , ' ” Cooper said . “ That 's when we got serious into it . ”
They do n't come from a big family of golfers outside herself , their dad and their grandpa . Them mom likes to watch and their two younger brothers only play for fun .
But for Cooper , golf is so much more than a game .
It 's the sport that 's introduced them to their closest friends , including some she 'll play against this week at the Open .
It 's the one that allows them to travel and do what they do best .
And this weekend , the one that allows them to play on the biggest stage .
Cooper tees off the No . 1 tee at 8:41 a.m. Thursday . The U.S. Women 's Open airs on FS1 on Thursday and Friday from 2-7 p.m. and on Fox on Saturday and Sunday from 1-6 p.m .
They hope to play well enough to make the cut and advance to the weekend .
“ That would be a dream come true , ” they said .
Follow Matt Keyser on Twitter .
© 2018 KHOU
Hundreds of Internet-connected locks became inoperable last week after a faulty software update caused them to experience a fatal system error , manufacturer LockState said .
The incident is the latest reminder that the so-called Internet of Things—in which locks , thermostats , and other everyday appliances are embedded with small Internet-connected computers—often provide as many annoyances as they do conveniences . Over the past week , the Colorado-based company 's Twitter feed has been gorged with comments from customers who were suddenly unable to lock or unlock their doors normally . Complicating the matter : the affected LockState model—the RemoteLock 6i—is included in an Airbnb partnership called Host Assist . That left many hosts unable to remotely control their locks .
@ vrma 2 days later , still no follow up from John Cargile as promised , locks still down . — Doug Miracle ( @ DougMiracle_ ) August 11 , 2017
Are you a stranded @ Airbnb guest ? @ LockState just BRICKED a bunch of 6i locks . But they wo n't tweet updates . Trying to hide their screw-up ? — Juniper ( @ JuniperWyoming ) August 7 , 2017
The failure occurred last Monday when LockState mistakenly sent some 6i lock models a firmware update developed for 7i locks . The update left earlier 6i models unable to be locked and no longer able to receive over-the-air updates . LockState Marketing Manager John Cargile told Ars that the failure hit about 500 locks . The company is offering affected customers one of two options : ( 1 ) return the back portion of the lock to LockState so the firmware can be updated , with a turnaround time of about five to seven days , or ( 2 ) request a replacement interior lock , with a turnaround time of about 14 to 18 days . In the meantime , customers can use a physical key to unlock doors . ( Like most hotel rooms , the doors automatically lock each time they 're closed . )
Cargile said the company has already resolved the problem for about 85 percent of affected customers .
Who cares ? In my work as an online producer for thewest.com.au , I see this comment on Facebook countless times every day .
They 're mostly referring to the lighter news of the day — a reality TV update , a story about the latest Hollywood celebrity or , more recently , the birth of a royal baby .
Let 's , for one second , put aside the irony in people who take the time to show they 're not caring by taking the time to write a comment .
Who really does care about the new prince ? Especially one who 's the second “ spare to the heir ” ? As an Aussie Pom , I take no shame in admitting I was refreshing my Twitter feed with anticipation on Monday night as we awaited the birth of a new royal .
The royals are a symbol of our national identity , just like barbecues , kangaroos and meat pies may be to Australians .
For many of we British folk who have shifted Down Under , this is far more than another posh kid for a rich family .
First off , while the little sleeping bundle swaddled in Kate 's arms does n't know it yet , there 's no escaping the spotlight for a royal baby — and we mere commoners get front-row seats .
When the little one goes to school , we 'll coo at the footage , when they get their first bit of bad press , we 'll shake our heads , and when they stand in church for their wedding , we may shed a joyful tear .
Camera Icon Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge show off their newborn prince . Picture : Getty Images
Secondly , forget pollies and prime ministers , when people overseas meet us , they ask about the royals .
I 've lost count how many times Aussies and Americans have asked me whether I 've met the Queen .
The royals are a symbol of our national identity , just like barbecues , kangaroos and meat pies may be to Australians .
That goes double for those of us living abroad who love to savour the links to our home country .
When a prince or princess represent us well , we 're proud as punch , even from afar .
And when they bugger up , we 're as mortified as you are when your cricket team pulls out the sandpaper — no pressure , kiddo !
There may be a new royal baby , but it was Princess Charlotte who stole the world 's hearts on their arrival at St Mary 's Hospital . The West Australian Video There may be a new royal baby , but it was Princess Charlotte who stole the world 's hearts on their arrival at St Mary 's Hospital .
Finally , the obvious .
Though it 's unlikely he 'll ever have their face on our coins , as the Queen will attest , it 's totally possible they may one day be king .
After all , the Queen was once set for a life as one of those people my dad calls “ hangers-on ” before Uncle Edward VIII put a spanner in the works .
When they abdicated to marry a divorced ( shock , horror ) woman , they thrust their father , and consequently her , into the line of succession .
Perhaps young Prince George and Princess Charlotte will decide one day that being in the top job is n't their cup of tea . Stranger things have happened .
Yes , there is expectation aplenty for that bundle on the steps of the Lindo Wing . But for now , little one , you just enjoy that nap .
Broken arm for Oscar Sevilla as five thieves beat them up to steal their bike . Find more here : https : //t.co/XGokhNr64b pic.twitter.com/NPRziAzB65
Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young has hit out at the Labor Party for offering a “ special deal ” of $ 250m to Catholic schools during the Batman by-election campaign , describing the unwinding of needs-based funding as “ appalling ” .
After restarting the school funding wars by offering a deal to the Catholic sector during the Batman by-election , Labor has today insisted it remains committed to a “ needs-based funding model ” .
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten has said privately that the Catholic Education Office 's decision to launch 30,000 robocalls during the Batman campaign helped Labor fend off a challenge from the Greens for the inner Melbourne seat .
Senator Hanson-Young , the Greens ' education spokesperson , said the “ nudge , nudge , wink , wink ” deal betrayed the needs-based funding model , and said Labor should be “ appalled and ashamed at themselves . ”
“ We have just come through a number of years of debate about schools funding where we were meant to have all agreed that schools funding would be on the basis of need , not on what sector you 're in not on how friendly you are with the Pope , ” they told The West Australian 's federal politics podcast , The Whip .
“ I am very , very angry on behalf of taxpayers and on behalf of Australian parents , ” Senator Hanson-Young said , likening the deal to an “ envelope under the table ” type arrangement .
Labor 's treasury spokesperson Chris Bowen defended the offer this morning , saying the Opposition was committed to a “ fix ” for the sector .
“ The Catholic education sector is not a secret society , they have a vital and important role to play in educating millions of young Australians .
“ We got past these debates in the ‘ 60s , Catholic schools get government funding as they should , and we will fix the damage of Mr Turnbull 's cuts to Catholic schools and public schools , ” they said .
A new report released Wednesday shows older women in Hawaii are 57 percent more likely than their male counterparts to live in poverty .
The study , from the University of Hawaii 's Myron B. Thompson School of Social Work , also finds older women are less likely to have access to savings in retirement .
Professor Colette Browne attributes the disparity to early inequalities in life .
“ Many of the economic challenges that older women experience stem from inequities that women face earlier in life , ” they said . “ Including a persistent wage gap , the high cost of child care and a shortage of affordable housing . ”
Just over 9 percent of older women in Hawaii live in poverty . That 's nearly double the percentage of older men .
In addition , the report found that 13 percent of single older women live in poverty .
Meanwhile , Social Security plays a big role in helping seniors stay afloat .
Some 39.4 percent of older women 's annual income comes from Social Security .
Just over a third of the older women receive income from a pension or retirement savings plan . But they get just 60 percent of the average income for men , a difference of $ 12,500 to $ 21,300 .
The solution is simple , according to the report , “ focus on strategies and programs that alleviate age- , gender- and race-based inequalities and poverty across the lifespan . ”
“ Today 's younger woman is tomorrow 's older woman , so improving the economic status of older women in Hawaii must start with addressing inequality at school , work and home , ” said Browne .
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now . All rights reserved .
A cutthroat competition exists in the global polyurethane foam market owing to the presence of many smalls as well as large vendors , says Transparency Market Research in a recently published report . To survive such intensified competition , several key players have expanded geographically . New entrants have , realizing the lucrativeness of the market on account of the application of polyurethane in many industrial applications , have entered the fray . Many companies are also trying to acquire other smaller businesses , as a means of getting their hands on more manpower and other resources , thus broadening their reach . Key companies in the global polyurethane foam market are Recticel SA , Compagnie DE Saint-Gobain SA , Trelleborg AB , Chemtura Corporation , BASF SE , Covestro AG , Tosoh Corporation The Dow Chemical Company , Nitto Denko Corporation , and UFP Technologies Inc .
The global polyurethane market is prognosticated to acquire a valuation of US $ 74 bn , by registering an impressive CAGR of 7.6 % during the forecast period ranging from 2017 to 2022 . This rise is expected to start from an initial valuation of US $ 51.4 bn recorded in 2017 .
Rapid Development of Construction Industry Stokes Market
A key driving factor of the global polyurethane market is the rapid growth of the construction industry . This is mainly due to the usage of foam or insulation , sound absorption , padding , and for strengthening the structures being built . The global polyurethane market is expected to tread through steady waters , with the foam used in modern houses and other commercial construction projects . Using polyurethane foam is known to improve acoustic comfort and ambience mainly in residential spaces . This benefit has lead towards increased demand of the product , thus boosting the global polyurethane market .
Using the foam products also is ecologically beneficial for constructed structures , as they help interior noise pollution levels . This characteristic is a primary reason why polyurethane can be used in high-noise environments to maintain optimum sound levels . Doing this has resulted in an increased uptake of the foam product , and hence has proven to be beneficial to the global polyurethane market 's growth . The foam helps reduce the total energy expenditure of constructed structures , which led to its increasing preference by builders to save energy . Consequently , such a rise in preference has generated substantial profits in the global polyurethane market , thus posing as prominent propelling agent . Rapid increase in the automotive industry has also caused a surge in foam sales , owing to extensive use of the products in this industry .
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=33287
Environmental Foam Hazards Dampen Product Sales
In contrast to the above mentioned driving factors , the global polyurethane market is hindered as a result of few obstacles . A chief hindrance deals with rising concerns about environmental degradation that might take place due to the use of synthetic polyurethane foam products . Most synthetic varieties may cause environmental pollution after being disposed , thus being a restraint to the market . However , this picture is soon expected to change as many nations are highly focusing on developing bio-polyurethane foam products , thus reversing the negative effects of hindrances caused on the market .
Thousands of people have marched in London to demand an end to the `` crisis '' in the NHS .
Thousands of people have marched in London to demand an end to the `` crisis '' in the NHS .
Thousands of people have braved rain in central London to demonstrate in support of fixing what they say is a `` crisis '' in the NHS .
Warren Street was teeming with demonstrators brandishing placards who turned out to line up in large numbers in the wintry conditions .
The demonstration began at Gower Street in Central London at midday and the crowds began their march to Downing Street at 1pm .
They were there to draw attention to the NHS funding shortage , with signs urging `` kick the Tories out '' , and `` more staff , more beds , more funds '' .
`` Keep your hands off our NHS , '' they chanted as they began marching at 1pm on Saturday .
The demonstration , called `` NHS in crisis : Fix it now '' , was organised by the People 's Assembly and Health Campaigns Together .
Among the demonstrators was Jamie , a disability rights advocate who attended the march in their wheelchair .
They were injured in a serious car crash 21 years ago . `` I owe my life to the NHS , '' they said .
`` There is a tragedy unfolding and the fact is that so many desperate people are traumatised , stigmatised and stressed by work capability testing . ''
Save Lewisham Hospital campaigner Tamsyn Bacchus , who carried a life-size vulture prop hovering over a bloody-painted NHS placard , said they feared the UK could morph the NHS into a US-style , user-pays health service .
`` I have faith , and so do all these folk here , that it 's so important to have the principle of service that is great the point of use so that when you are ill , when your child is running a high fever , when you need the hospital or a doctor you can get them without worrying about having to pay for it ''
In rallying Britons to attend the demonstration organisers , the People 's Assembly said stories of patients dying in hospital corridors and overcrowded waiting rooms revealed a crisis .
`` It is time this government stops blaming patients , nurses , doctors , immigrants , flu and the elderly for their shortcomings . ''
Actor Ralf Little , who is expected to speak at the march this afternoon , has previously told how their mother was saved by NHS treatment for free when they suffered a stroke .
They said : `` My mother was rushed to hospital in an ambulance , received expert emergency care , stayed in hospital for two weeks to recover , was treated daily by consultants , physical therapists , occupational therapists and nursing staff , was escorted home in a taxi and checked on three times a day for a further five weeks . ''
Following a Twitter row with the Health Secretary , Little penned an open letter to Jeremy Hunt inviting them to attend the demonstration .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) - San Diego manager Andy Green did n't expect to win quite like this .
`` I never envisioned winning with someone tripping over the guy at first base , '' Green said . `` But it got the job done . ''
Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe 's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error , lifting the Padres to a 3-2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Wednesday night .
With the bases loaded and one out , Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas , who was charging . They double-clutched their throw , which was low to first baseman Justin Bour . When the ball skipped away from Bour and Renfroe sprawled on the ground , Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run .
`` We were hoping ( Renfroe ) would get the ball in the air to stay out of the double play , '' Green said .
Rojas considered aiming for catcher J.T . Realmuto , then thought otherwise .
`` I did n't get the grip to throw them out at home plate and as soon as I did n't get the grip I threw to first base , tried to make a good throw there so we could keep the game alive and unfortunately the ball got away , '' Rojas said .
Closer Brad Ziegler ( 0-5 ) coughed up a one-run lead to absorb the loss instead of their 10th save .
Matt Strahm ( 1-2 ) got the win for working the final two innings .
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight time in a start by Jose Urena , a franchise record , which included 12 from this year . The right-hander entered the game receiving 2.84 runs per game , the third-lowest average in the majors , and got more measly support Wednesday .
`` Jose was good again , '' Marlins manager Don Mattingly said . `` It looked like that two might hold up . ''
Urena got just two runs on Starlin Castro 's homer before departing after six innings following a strong performance . They surrendered a run , three hits and two walks . They struck out six in a 93-pitch effort .
Reliever Drew Steckenrider gave up a two-out double to Manuel Margot in the seventh but got pinch-hitter Jose Pirela looking on a 95-mph fastball to strand the tying run .
Clayton Richard had won two of their last three starts and was relying on their slider in inducing the Marlins into harmlessly pounding the ball into 14 groundouts . The left-hander exited after seven innings of two-run ball . They allowed four hits and a walk , with five strikeouts .
`` I kept us close and the defense really played well , '' Richard said .
Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth and allowing JT Riddle 's single .
But when Urena tried to sacrifice , catcher Raffy Lopez made a fine play , pouncing on Urena 's bunt and retiring Brinson at third to change the inning . With two outs , Realmuto walked to load the bases but Richard got Castro on a grounder to end the threat .
Franmil Reyes continued their hot streak with their third home run in three days , pulling the Padres to 2-1 in the fourth inning . The rookie right fielder took a high fastball the opposite way , their fourth homer in six games clanging off the right-field foul pole . Urena had sat down eight straight before Reyes ' blast .
Reyes had studied Urena and how they liked to pound the inside and then go back outside . When they did it in Reyes ' second at-bat , they paid the price .
`` It was the pitch I was looking for and I put a good swing on it , '' Reyes said .
Richard retired the first 10 batters they faced . Then Realmuto singled up the middle and Castro hit their third home run of the season , a two-run , fourth-inning shot that landed 423 feet away in the Padres ' bullpen over the fence in left-center .
`` I was not trying to throw a fastball down the middle of the plate , '' Richard said . `` And that 's what happened . ''
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Padres : C Austin Hedges ( elbow ) will resume their throwing program on Thursday .
UP NEXT
Marlins : LHP Wei-Yin Chen ( 1-2 , 5.22 ) gets the nod for the final contest of the four-game series on Thursday with their second career start against the Padres . They beat San Diego in 2016 , allowing four runs and seven hits over six innings .
Padres : RHP Jordan Lyles ( 1-1 , 3.83 ) makes their fifth start of the season , which matches their total from the previous two years . They worked the second-longest perfect game in Padres history on May 15 , blanking the Rockies for 7 1/3 innings .
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's half-brother , Kim Jong Nam . Kim , who was in their mid-40s , was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il 's children . They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport .
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents , according to police , and was alone at the time of the arrest . Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim . One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away . Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help .
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur . An autopsy will be performed .
After growing up in Western countries , Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades . They were believed to have homes in Macau , Beijing and Paris . In 2001 , Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents . They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland .
The big mystery , if they did n't die of natural causes , is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked , and why now .
`` I do n't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years , '' says Michael Madden , a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies , who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch .
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post , from Kuala Lumpur .
“ Apple could sell as many as 350 million iPhones in the 18 months following the release of its 2018 lineup , fueled in part by a massive upgrade opportunity from legacy users whose devices have run their course , ” Stephen Silver reports for AppleInsider . “ An analyst research note supporting the 350-million-iPhones thesis was obtained by AppleInsider . In it , author Daniel Ives of GBH Insights believes that ‘ the Street is now starting to fully appreciate the massive iPhone upgrade opportunity on the horizon for the next 12 to 18 months with three new smart phones slated for release . ' ”
“ Ives sees 350 million phones as the ‘ window of opportunity ' for upgrades , but now it 's a matter of which of the models , and which price point , ‘ strikes a chord ' with buyers , as the iPhone X moves down and new models take its place , ” Silver reports . “ Going by the current iPhone average sales price of $ 728.30 , as of the most recent quarter , 350 million iPhones would result in over $ 250 billion in revenue for Apple . The ASP , however , could drop based on the new lineup . ”
Silver reports , “ Ives predicts three new iPhone models ( 5.8 inch to 6.5 inch OLED designs with an LCD model ) in the next three-to-six months . ”
Read more in the full article here .
Global Healthcare Supply Chain Management Market was valued at USD 1.50 Billion in the year 2017 . Global Healthcare Supply Chain Management Market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 9.40 % from 2018 to 2023 . North America region holds the highest market share in 2017 and is considered as the fastest growing market in the predicted period with rising healthcare sector as the major driving factor . The U.S. is the major market in 2017 at country level and it is further anticipated to grow at a steady pace in the next 5 years .
Get Free Access to Sample Report @ https : //genesismarketinsights.com/Sample_Request/GENRE098
Oracle Corporation ( U.S ) , McKesson Corporation ( U.S ) , SAP AG Group ( UK ) , Global Healthcare Exchange ( GHX ) ( U.S ) , Advocate Health Care ( U.S ) , Infor ( U.S ) , TECSYS ( Canada ) are some of the key players in Global Healthcare Supply Chain Management Market acquisitions , collaboration and new product development are their key business strategy to capture the highest market share .
Drivers
Growing Cloud-Based market .
Government involvement in investments , funding , and partnership
Increasing demand for quality inventory management system
Restraints
The high cost of maintenance
The long duration required for implementation of the system
Opportunity
Emerging healthcare IT industry and healthcare awareness
Growing mobile-based system solutions
Challenges
Healthcare Cost reduction
By basis of delivery mode , the Healthcare Supply Chain Management market is segmented into Cloud-based , Web-based , on-premise among these on-premise segment hold the highest market in 2017 with cloud-based segment expected to grow with highest CAGR in coming years . On the other hand , Software segment for Global Healthcare Supply Chain Management Market holds accounts for largest share because of growing investments in the healthcare industry .
Key Benefits for Stakeholders
Healthcare IT Manufacturers , Distributors and Retailers
Research and Consulting organization
Technology Standards Organizations , Forums , Alliances and Associations
End-use industries
Regulatory bodies , policy actors , and consumers .
By Components
Software
Supplier Management Software
Transportation Software
Procurement Software
Others
Hardware
System
Barcode
RFID
Others
By Delivery Mode
Cloud-based
Web-based
On-premise
By End Users
Healthcare Providers
Manufacturers
Distributors
By Region
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Key Market Players
1 . Oracle Corporation ( U.S )
2 . McKesson Corporation ( U.S )
3 . SAP AG Group ( UK )
4 . Global Healthcare Exchange ( GHX ) ( U.S )
5 . Advocate Health Care ( U.S )
6 . Infor ( U.S )
7 . Tecsys ( Canada )
8 . Geisinger Health System ( U.S )
9 . JDA Software Group ( U.S )
10 . Jump Technologies ( U.S )
Global Healthcare Supply Chain Management Market was valued at USD 1.50 Billion in the year 2017 . Global Healthcare Supply Chain Management Market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 9.40 % from 2018 to 2023 . North America region holds the highest market share in 2017 and is considered as the fastest growing market in the predicted period with rising healthcare sector as the major driving factor . The U.S. is the major market in 2017 at country level and it is further anticipated to grow at a steady pace in the next 5 years .
Oracle Corporation ( U.S ) , McKesson Corporation ( U.S ) , SAP AG Group ( UK ) , Global Healthcare Exchange ( GHX ) ( U.S ) , Advocate Health Care ( U.S ) , Infor ( U.S ) , TECSYS ( Canada ) are some of the key players in Global Healthcare Supply Chain Management Market acquisitions , collaboration and new product development are their key business strategy to capture the highest market share .
Drivers
Growing Cloud-Based market .
Government involvement in investments , funding , and partnership
Increasing demand for quality inventory management system
Restraints
The high cost of maintenance
The long duration required for implementation of the system
Opportunity
Emerging healthcare IT industry and healthcare awareness
Growing mobile-based system solutions
Challenges
Healthcare Cost reduction
By basis of delivery mode , the Healthcare Supply Chain Management market is segmented into Cloud-based , Web-based , on-premise among these on-premise segment hold the highest market in 2017 with cloud-based segment expected to grow with highest CAGR in coming years . On the other hand , Software segment for Global Healthcare Supply Chain Management Market holds accounts for largest share because of growing investments in the healthcare industry .
Key Benefits for Stakeholders
Healthcare IT Manufacturers , Distributors and Retailers
Research and Consulting organization
Technology Standards Organizations , Forums , Alliances and Associations
End-use industries
Regulatory bodies , policy actors , and consumers .
By Components
Software
Supplier Management Software
Transportation Software
Procurement Software
Others
Hardware
System
Barcode
RFID
Others
By Delivery Mode
Cloud-based
Web-based
On-premise
By End Users
Healthcare Providers
Manufacturers
Distributors
By Region
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Key Market Players
1 . Oracle Corporation ( U.S )
2 . McKesson Corporation ( U.S )
3 . SAP AG Group ( UK )
4 . Global Healthcare Exchange ( GHX ) ( U.S )
5 . Advocate Health Care ( U.S )
6 . Infor ( U.S )
7 . Tecsys ( Canada )
8 . Geisinger Health System ( U.S )
9 . JDA Software Group ( U.S )
10 . Jump Technologies ( U.S )
Read Report Overview with Full TOC @ https : //genesismarketinsights.com/viewreport/99/28/Healthcare-Supply-Chain-Management-Market
On Tuesday , Russian business newspaper Kommersant reported , citing a source familiar with the situation , that the new version of the Ilyushin Il-96 , presently under development , is designed to replace foreign-leased long-haul wide-body passenger aircraft whose service life is nearing its end . Next week , the responsible ministries are expected to draw up a timetable for the withdrawal of these foreign aircraft from Russia 's airlines , and their substitution with the new Ilyushin .
The decision to revive production of the Il-96 , an advanced , long-range version of the Soviet-era Ilyushin Il-86 wide-body airliner , was made in May 2016 . At that time , Industry and Trade Minister Denis Manturov said that the government will be committing about 50 billion rubles to the program .
© Sputnik/ Dmitriy Petrochenko Plan B : Russian Defense Ministry Considers Major Overhaul of Its Airliner Fleet
The Il-96 , developed in the twilight of the Soviet Union by the Ilyushin Design Bureau and built by the Voronezh Aircraft Plant , made its debut test flight in September 1988 , and was rolled out for service with Russian state carrier Aeroflot in late 1992 .
However , due to the economic crisis facing Russia and the rest of the former Soviet Union throughout the 1990s , only 30 units of the prospective aircraft were ever built . Today , Aeroflot is believed to have between 8-10 Il-96s in their inventory . However , according to aviation expert and former Vnukovo Airlines flight director Yuri Sytnik , these planes have all been decommissioned after putting on 55,000 flight hours .
© Flickr/ Alexander Babashov An Aeroflot Il-96-300 landing at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo Airport . File photo .
In the 1990s , Russia 's massive civilian aviation industry , once one of the largest in the world , was brought to the brink of collapse . In the interim , citing safety , engine noise regulations , and high fuel costs , Russian airlines began purchasing foreign aircraft , particularly from Airbus and Boeing . By the early 2010s , foreign planes accounted for two thirds or more of many airlines ' fleets , particularly in the long-haul segment .
However , in the mid-2010s , after the downturn in relations with Western countries in 2014 over the crisis in Ukraine , the Russian government started paying greater attention to the domestic commercial passenger aircraft industry , devoting energy and resources to encourage development , production and sales of modern aircraft at home , and promoting them abroad .
Speaking to RIA Novosti about the prospects of the new Il-96-400M , Sytnik noted that `` if the Il-96 did get an upgrade , what we would get is a model quite comparable to some Boeing and Airbus planes . ''
© Sputnik/ Alexander Polyakov The long range Il-96-400 jet airliner , designed by the Ilyushin experimental design office .
Of course , they added , for a design from the late 1980s to really compete against modern foreign designs , nearly everything would be subject to upgrade or replacement , including parts of the fuselage . With the Il-96 effectively becoming a fundamentally new plane , all that would be left from the original design is the conceptual design .
RIA Novosti recalled that the main problem of the original Il-96 , like many other Russian civilian passenger aircraft , was high fuel consumption . If the comparable Boeing or Airbus burn an average of about 17.5 grams of fuel per passenger kilometer , their Russian counterparts consume significantly more , from 21-28 grams .
However , this problem is on the brink of being solved . Russia 's newest generation of aircraft engines feature reduced fuel consumption , and others , with fuel use of as little as 15.5 grams of fuel per passenger kilometer , are under development .
Last summer , during a visit to the Voronezh Aircraft Plant , Deputy Prime Minister Dmitri Rogozin said that Russian engineers had effectively resolved the fuel consumption issue with the new-generation PD-14 turbofan engine . The PD-14 and its variants have already found demand in the domestic civil aviation sector , and can be mounted aboard the Il-96-300 , the Tupolev-214 , and the MC-21 in its 200 , 300 and 400 variants . Rogozin stressed that the new engine would help guarantee Russian passenger liners ' competitiveness with Boeing and Airbus , decreasing not only fuel costs , but maintenance costs as well .
© Sputnik/ Mikhail Voskresenskiy Visitors at the PD-14 aircraft engine displayed by the United Engine Corporation at the MAKS-2015 air show in Zhukovsky in the Moscow Region
Sytnik noted that in terms of avionics technology too , Russian technology has demonstrated its capabilities , including aboard planes such as the Tu-160 supersonic strategic bomber , the Sukhoi Superject 100 twin-engine regional jet liner , and the Irkut MC-21 , a short and medium-range airliner .
Furthermore , they noted the new Il-96 variant may be fitted with embedded ladders underneath the plane , as with its predecessor , the Il-86 . This , Sytnik noted , would significantly reduce loading and unloading time , and save on expenses for ramps at airports .
Ultimately , the aviation expert noted that reviving the IL-96 will necessitate making significant changes to the design , but would still be better and more cost-effective than trying to create a totally new plane . It would also be quicker , taking a maximum of five years to create , compared with the ten years necessary for a new plane .
The revival will also have positive knock-on effects , the expert said . `` Passengers will pay airfare and fly onboard our aircraft , and we will not pay to lease foreign planes , each of which costs between $ 60 and $ 120 million dollars , '' Sytnik noted . If the new Il-96 replaces even a portion of the foreign planes , this is money that will remain in Russia .
© Sputnik/ Sergey Mamontov Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin , left , and Governor of the Voronezh Region Alexei Gordeyev visit the VASO Voronezh Aircraft Plant
Part of that money will then go to the manufacturer for the purchase of new equipment and machine tools . Furthermore , `` in the process of the modernization of the Il-96 , we will receive a crop of well-trained workers ; in this way , in 10-15 years it will be possible to build a new , contemporary aircraft , '' the expert concluded .
In 1990 , the Soviet Union produced nearly 30 percent of the world 's civilian airliners . After the country 's collapse , Russia 's production , which contributed a significant portion of the Soviet figure , fell to the low-single digits . Over the last few years , Russia has come out swinging with several promising new aircraft designs to help correct this imbalance . Once it begins taking to the skies among Russia 's civil commercial carriers , the Il-96-400M will help make these hopes and expectations into reality .
DICKSON , Tenn. ( AP ) - A Tennessee sheriff 's deputy was fatally shot during a traffic stop Wednesday , and police were searching for a suspect believed to be `` armed and dangerous , '' authorities said .
Authorities identified the suspect as Steven Wiggins , a white male with balding brown hair .
This undated image released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation , shows Steven Wiggins , who was identified by the Humphreys County Sheriff 's Office as a suspect in the killing of a sheriff 's deputy . A Tennessee Highway Patrol spokesperson tells news outlets that the suspect was involved in an altercation with the Dickson County deputy early Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , after a vehicle was reported stolen . ( Tennessee Bureau of Investigation via AP )
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted that it has placed Wiggins on its Top 10 Most Wanted list and is offering a reward of up to $ 2,500 for information leading to their arrest .
The agency also sent an alert about the suspect to cellphones in the area .
ANC deputy secretary general Jessie Duarte speaks at a press conference on the preparations for the National May Day rally to take place in Nelson Mandela Bay next week . “ This is a blue collar city , it ca n't be marketed for the rich , ” they said . Picture : Raahil Sain/ANA
Port Elizabeth - The Congress of South African Trade Unions ( Cosatu ) will next week Tuesday celebrate its main Workers ' Day rally in Nelson Mandela Bay , and is expecting a far different atmosphere than the one a year ago which saw former President Jacob Zuma heckled and the event in the Free State eventually called off .
The 2018 May Day rally will take place at the Isaac Wolfson Stadium in Kwanobuhle and is set to be addressed by President Cyril Ramaphosa . The event has been talked up as a `` building block '' for the 2019 general elections .
Last year 's May Day celebrations in Bloemfontein was cancelled amid scuffles between pro and anti-Jacob Zuma groups but Cosatu believes that this year 's event will go smoothly and that Ramaphosa will be well received in the Eastern Cape .
At a press conference held in Nelson Mandela Bay on Tuesday , Cosatu general secretary Bheki Ntshalintshali said the last May Day rally was held in the Eastern Cape 10 years ago , adding that it was a deliberate choice as a first building block towards the 2019 general elections .
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video ANC deputy secretary general Jessie Duarte speaks at a press conference on the preparations for the National May Day rally to take place in Nelson Mandela Bay next week . “ This is a blue collar city , it ca n't be marketed for the rich , ” they said . VIDEO : Raahil Sain/ANA
`` The choice of Nelson Mandela Bay was deliberate to liberate our people from the exploitative and suppression of the workers and communities from the chains of ( Mayor Athol ) Trollip and the DA ( Democratic Alliance ) , '' they said .
ANC deputy secretary general Jessie Duarte added that the alliance was working together towards the 2019 general elections , an important matter for the party to `` capture and remember '' .
Duarte said the ANC was assisting with mobilisation in the run-up to the May Day celebrations which will kick off at Njoli Square in Kwazakhele , before moving to the Kwazakhele police station and then finally to the stadium where workers will be addressed .
`` We encourage ANC members to come to the rally , '' they added . `` Many of our members are part of the working class and this is a celebration of the gains of the working class . ''
Duarte did not miss the opportunity to take a swipe at Nelson Mandela Bay Mayor Athol Trollip , saying that they did n't win any election outright in the metro . `` It 's not so correct to declare them an outright winner and to declare the ANC-led alliance a loser ... we have n't lost . What we want to do is reclaim the ground here in Nelson Mandela Bay very decisively , work for it very clearly , correct what may have been wrong . ''
Duarte said that Nelson Mandela Bay was defined as a `` blue collar city '' and could not be marketed as a city aimed to attract the rich to settle in it . `` Putting up all service delivery costs so that working class people may not even in future be able to afford to live in this city and do what is happening in Cape Town , attract famous and rich foreigners to buy seafront properties and clearly that is not what the character of Nelson Mandela Bay has ever been .
`` We are here all together to support each other in ensuring that Nelson Mandela Bay metro is returned to an ANC alliance leadership . That 's what we are going to do and that 's what we 're going to work for . We believe that the May Day rally will be a success . ''
Meanwhile , the South African Federation of Trade Unions ( Saftu ) will on Wednesday take to the streets across the country to embark in a general strike in protest against the national minimum wage . Speaking at the briefing , Cosatu President Sdumo Dlamini said it was critical for all workers to unite under the banner of Cosatu . `` Our unity is going to be critical , all workers in this area come from Cosatu . ''
Cosatu is of the view that Saftu 's strike on Wednesday is misleading workers . `` The march of other people is about no to this national minimum wage . I 'm not going to say it misses the point , we hear what other people are saying but we are supporting the process of a national minimum wage in this country because we have never had it before and once we have it we have something to build on , '' said Dlamini .
African News Agency/ANA
CBD Oil
We are Let Magic Happen – a trusted supplier of lab-tested organic CBD products . Our aim is to provide the purest , and highest quality CBD products . By only choosing brands that stick to the highest standards in production and are lab-tested and natural , we strive to provide our customers with the best of what CBD has to offer in our competitively priced online store . Our products are organic , GMO free , vegan , gluten free and 100 % natural , some containing natural ingredients carefully extracted from organic hemp cultivated within the EU .
Ramadan at a conference in Bordeaux in 2016 . Photo Mehdi Fedouach/AFP
State prosecutors in Paris urged investigating magistrates on Friday to file rape charges against Islamic scholar Tariq Ramadan , following claims by two women that they assaulted them in French hotel rooms in 2009 and 2012 .
After two days of questioning by investigators , the 55-year-old Oxford professor was brought before three magistrates who have been assigned to the case , suggesting that they are facing an extensive investigation , judicial sources said .
Women who have testified anonymously during three months of preliminary investigations might now also file rape complaints , one of the sources said .
The claims against the prominent scholar , which emerged in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal , have divided many Muslims , with their legions of fans as well as their lawyers saying they are the victim of a smear campaign .
But critics have long suggested that despite Ramadan 's moderate tone as a familiar face on television programmes , they preach a more radical line when addressing Muslims in Arabic .
Ramadan , a Swiss citizen whose grandfather founded Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood movement , was taken into custody on Wednesday as part of a preliminary enquiry in Paris into the rape and assault allegations .
They are the most high-profile figure to be held in France over the sexual assault and harassment claims that have rippled around the world as a result of the `` Me Too '' campaign .
The married father of four has denied the separate accusations from the two women . The first was made by Henda Ayari , a feminist activist who previously practised a conservative strain of Islam . They had described being raped in a book published in 2016 , without naming them attacker .
But in October , they said they had decided to name Ramadan publicly as the alleged perpetrator as a result of the `` Me Too '' campaign , using the French hashtag `` Balance Ton Porc '' ( Expose your pig ) .
They said Ramadan raped them in their hotel room , telling Le Parisien newspaper : `` He choked me so hard that I thought I was going to die . ''
They lodged a rape complaint against Ramadan on October 20 . Several days later an unidentified disabled woman , a Muslim convert , also accused the academic of violently raping them in a hotel room in the southeastern city of Lyon in 2009 .
Vanity Fair magazine , which met the woman , said their lawsuit against Ramadan described `` blows to the face and body , forced sodomy , rape with an object and various humiliations , including being dragged by the hair to the bathtub and urinated on '' .
During three hours of testimony in Paris on Thursday , the woman -- using the pseudonym `` Christelle '' -- recounted their allegations to the judge in Ramadan 's presence .
They also revealed that Ramadan had a small scar on their groin that would not have been noticed except in the case of close contact , a source said . Rejecting their testimony , the scholar refused to sign the official summary of the account , sources close to the case said .
During three months of investigations since the allegations emerged , police have interviewed dozens of people close to both Ramadan and the two women , and examined email and social media exchanges between them .
In November , Oxford University said Ramadan was taking a leave of absence from their post as professor of contemporary Islamic studies , `` by mutual agreement '' .
They have also denied allegations in Swiss media of sexual misconduct against teenage girls in the 1980s and 1990s , denouncing them as `` a campaign of lies launched by my adversaries '' .
Lawyers for Ramadan have accused Ayari of slander and suggested the women colluded to try to disgrace him .
As part of their defence they have presented investigators with Facebook conversations in which a woman identified as Ayari allegedly made explicit advances towards them in 2014 , two years after the alleged rape .
The accusations have sparked heated online debate between supporters of Ramadan , who commands a following of more than two million fans on Facebook , and their opponents .
Despite their leave of absence from Oxford , Ramadan continues to head the Islamic Institute for Ethical Training in France . Ayari was placed under police protection in November after receiving death
threats .
Global Autoimmune Disease Diagnostics Market : Snapshot
The global autoimmune disease diagnostics market is expected to witness a modest growth in the coming years on account of the growing incidences of autoimmune diseases among people worldwide . Efficient autoimmune disease diagnostics has become absolutely essential to tackle this issue . Governments across nations are also increasing their spending towards healthcare in light of these growing incidences of autoimmune diseases . This has also resulted in the research and development of novel diagnostics in order to prevent the spread of autoimmune diseases . Technological advancements in the medicals sector are also fueling the market 's growth . Between 2015 and 2023 , the global autoimmune diseases diagnostics market is expected to exhibit a CAGR of 3.8 % . The global autoimmune disease diagnostics market is likely to reach US $ 17.06 bn by 2023 . The stiff price competition among players is expected to impact the growth of the market in a negative way .
View Report : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/autoimmune-disease-diagnostics-market.html
North America to Continue to Lead in the Autoimmune Disease Diagnostics Market
By geography , North America is expected to lead in the autoimmune disease diagnostics market with the U.S. and Canada contributing the most to the market in the region . These countries have sophisticated healthcare infrastructure and laboratories with advanced techniques . There also exists high level of awareness regarding various medical procedures . The increased healthcare expenditure in the region will also be a contributing factor to the growth of the market in region . Asia Pacific is also expected to witness a rapid growth in the autoimmune disease diagnostics market on account of high demand from countries such as Malaysia , Australia , India , Japan , and China . Advancements in diagnostics devices will push the Asia Pacific autoimmune disease diagnostics market towards witnessing a CAGR of 4.3 % between 2015 and 2023 .
High Occurrence of Rheumatoid Arthritis to Drive Autoimmune Disease Diagnostics Market
Autoimmune diseases such as Graves ' disease , Hashimoto 's thyroiditis , multiple sclerosis , rheumatoid arthritis , systemic lupus erythematosus , and type1 diabetes are prevalent commonly . Of these , the most prevalent of all diseases is rheumatoid arthritis , which can occur to people falling under any age group . The rheumatoid arthritis segment is estimated to be worth US $ 4.6 bn by the end of 2022 . The growing geriatric population and improved diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis at improved laboratories will drive the segment towards growth in the coming year . Apart from rheumatoid arthritis , the type 1 diabetes segment is expected to show a healthy growth and exhibit a CAGR of 3.7 % between 2015 and 2023 .
Request a Brochure of the Report @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=5351
Unavailability of Trained Professionals to Result in Operational Challenges
There is a dearth of trained professionals in the market which will hamper the growth of this market . In addition to this , a lack of automation will also pose a challenge and hamper the operations in clinical laboratories . Further , the threat of new entrants , mostly local players , will cause leading players to cut down their prices . Slashing down the prices of diagnostic devices so as to stay in the market and remain competitive is projected to have an adverse impact on the global autoimmune disease diagnostics market .
Enquiry for Discount on this Report @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=5351
However , on the plus side , the market for autoimmune disease diagnostics is expected to find new opportunities for growth as leading players will leverage the untapped markets in emerging nations and capitalize on them . Players are also expected to concentrate on replacing traditional technologies with the latest ones and automate the laboratories . This will help the market to grow . Additionally , the introduction of novel technologies will create promising growth for the market .
Yahoo Finance 's Alexis Christoforous and Jared Blikre break down first quarter revised GDP and May ADP Payrolls .
OKC police are investigating after a reported homicide Monday night .
According to police , just after 9:45 p.m. , officers were called to 1107 Exchange . A male victim was discovered .
At this time , there 's no information on a suspect or what led to the homicide .
Stay with News 9 and News 9.com for more as it becomes available .
How to Target Your Mobile Customers with Push Notifications
By Neil Patel
It 's no secret that our world is trending in a mobile direction .
As a marketer , you need to recognize this concept and adapt accordingly . Your customers are using their mobile devices to consume , so that 's where you need to target them .
For those of you out there who developed a mobile app , you 're already heading in the right direction .
In fact , without the app as a platform , you wo n't be able to use push notifications as a marketing tactic . But this does n't mean that you should n't continue reading if you do n't have a mobile app .
While you may not be able to implement this strategy right now , you 'll be able to do so once your app launches .
Let 's start with the basics . What exactly is a push notification ?
I 'm sure you 've seen these before , probably on your own mobile devices , even if you did n't know what they were called . It 's a message that appears on your screen , similar to a text message , but it comes from an app .
This is a great opportunity for you to share information , provide updates , and stay in contact with users who have your app downloaded to their devices .
But with great power comes great responsibility . Overloading on these messages could backfire , which I 'll explain in greater detail as we continue .
Use a limited number of words
It 's important that you clearly understand the difference between texts and push notifications . Even though they are similar and look the same on the screen , they are extremely different .
For example , when someone sends you a text message , the opening lines of the text will appear on your home screen . When you open up the message , you 'll see the full text .
But that 's not the case with a push notification .
When a user opens up a push notification , it brings them to the app , but the message is gone . So if your push notification is too long , part of it may get cut off , and the user wo n't even know what you 're trying to say to them .
To prevent this from happening , it 's best to use as few words as possible when crafting your messages . That 's why shorter push notifications are more effective .
As you can see , fewer words lead to higher click rates .
So while you wo n't have as much liberty with your word count as you would with a text message , push notifications are still very effective .
SMS messages from businesses can be perceived as spam . But with a push notification , they know exactly where it 's coming from since the app is installed on their device .
Plus , it 's free for users to receive a push notification . But they may have to pay for incoming SMS messages , depending on their plans .
Unsolicited SMS messages are also illegal , so overall , it 's best to just stick with push notifications and keep the word count low to ensure that your entire message gets displayed on the screen .
Send personalized content
So now that you know how long to make your push notifications , it 's time to talk about the content and reasoning behind sending them .
If you just want to say hello and remind your customers who you are , push notifications are not the way to do this .
It 's annoying and will end up hurting you instead of helping , but we 'll talk about that in greater depth shortly .
So what type of content should you send ? Personalized messages .
As you can see from these numbers , your best bet is to stick to content that 's relevant and personalized to the user .
Here are some ideas to help you segment your audience so you can deliver content that 's tailored to each user .
gender
location
age
interests
browsing history
purchase history
You 've got lots of options to choose from .
For example , let 's say your company will be attending an industry event in South Florida . It would n't make sense to send that notification to everyone in the United States who has your app .
Realistically , people are n't going to travel for something like that . So it 's a waste for you to send something irrelevant to them .
But you could definitely send that notification to app users who live in Florida , especially if you 're offering them an incentive or exclusive offer for attending the event .
This type of push notification is personal and adds value to the recipient .
Do n't be annoying
As I 've said a few times already , you need to tread carefully with your push notification strategy .
Sending too many push notifications or irrelevant messages will backfire . That 's because users have the option to opt-in and opt-out of your messages .
That 's right . If you annoy a user , they will simply mute your notifications . People already have predetermined feelings about these messages . In fact , 52 % of app users say that push notifications are an annoying distraction .
Once you get muted , it 's going to be nearly impossible for you to get the user to turn notifications back on .
You wo n't have a way to contact them unless you send them an email . But sending an email begging a user to turn on push notifications is n't the best look for your brand .
So you 'll be better off just trying to prevent this from happening in the first place by limiting your number of push notifications per week .
As you can see , even sending more than two push notifications in a week can cause up to 37 % of users to disable these messages .
Sending too many push notifications can have an even worse effect than getting muted by the user . More than 30 % of users will stop using an app altogether if they receive between six and ten notifications in one week .
So as a rule of thumb , keep your push notifications to one per week at the most . Only send content that adds value to the user , like a discount or an important update .
Promote flash sales
Flash sales are a great opportunity for you to take advantage of push notifications .
These types of promotions create the fear of missing out , better known as FOMO . The user will think that if they do n't buy something fast , they 'll miss out on a great deal .
Consider this . The app user is already interested in your brand . That 's why they downloaded the app in the first place .
They 've probably purchased something from you in the past . So the flash sale could be enough of a reason for the user to buy something that 's been on their mind .
Flash sales could be just a few hour time window , or potentially up to 24 hours .
Just make sure that you send it out at an appropriate time . Do n't send a notification on Tuesday if the flash sale is n't until Friday .
Remember , you 're trying to limit the number of weekly push notifications that you send .
Also , do n't send it at 3:00 AM when people are sleeping . This may sound like common sense , but you 'd be surprised how often I see mistakes like this .
If the flash sale is from 1:00 – 4 PM , then send it at 1:00 . If you send it too early , then when someone opens up the app they wo n't be able to take advantage of the offer yet .
You 'd have to rely on them coming back later to buy , which they could easily forget .
Send timely updates
Use push notifications to enhance the customer experience . If they 're waiting for an update on something , tell them via push notification . Here 's a great example of this concept applied by Uber .
They send a notification to users when their car is arriving .
Users do n't have to keep the app open and track the location of their drivers . They also wo n't have to stand outside to wait in the cold , rain , or heat .
Even though this type of message does n't offer a discount , it still provides users with a value that improves their experience .
This tactic is n't just limited for ride-sharing apps . It 's something that can be used for any type of delivery service .
For example , “ Your food is here , ” is another message that an app user would want to receive .
They wo n't have to stand outside to wait for the delivery driver . This also eliminates the need for drivers to make calls , which is a safer and more efficient process for your company as well .
This type of customer service goes a long way . By improving their lives , the customer will be more likely to use your app and spend more money in the future so they can continue to get this type of great service .
Know the difference between Apple and Android
Not all push notifications are created equally .
If you have a mobile application that 's available on both the Apple App Store and Google Play Store , you need to realize how these notifications will look on the user 's screen .
Check this out . Just look at the difference between iOS and Android users in terms of click-through rates .
With that said , iOS users open their push notifications at a rate that 's seven times faster than users with an Android device .
Why would this happen ? It has to do with the differences in the software on each device .
When an Apple user unlocks their phone , the push notification disappears from the screen . But Android users have to manually clear their notifications .
If they do n't clear it manually , they would have to open it to be removed from the notification screen . That 's why Android users have higher open rates , but Apple users open notifications faster .
There are also slight variations between how notifications look on the same platform , but from different devices and software versions .
You need to take all of this into consideration when you 're tracking certain metrics .
Just because the click rates from your Apple users might be lower , it does n't mean that those people are n't interested in your brand . So do n't do something drastic like abandoning your marketing tactics that target those users .
Use geofencing technology
Geofencing relates back to personalization .
The app uses location-based services to target users .
Here 's how it works . Let 's say that you have a chain of physical store locations . If a user has your app downloaded to their device , they can get a notification about a sale when they walk within a couple of blocks of a store .
Check out this example from Vitamin World so you can see what I 'm talking about .
So when an app user enters any of those geofenced areas , they 'll get a discount sent to their phone .
This ensures that your push notifications are timely and relevant . It works great if you have a mobile app for your restaurant business .
If an app user walks by during lunchtime , send them a notification about a discounted lunch promotion .
Even if you do n't have physical locations , you can still use geofencing technology to enhance your push notifications . For example , let 's say that your mobile commerce brand sells equipment for water sports , like surfboards , paddleboards , and wetsuits .
If someone with your app enters a geofenced area by the beach , you could send them a notification .
But it would n't make sense to send this type of promo to someone who is in the desert or in the mountains . Make sense ?
Geofencing encourages your customers to spend more money . Once they get a notification , allow them to spend money right away from within your app .
Whether it 's for a product , service , or subscription , you want to make sure that your push notifications are actionable .
Just remember what we talked about earlier . Although geofencing is a great marketing strategy , you do n't want to go overboard . You can still annoy your users and get muted if you send too many of these .
Conclusion
Push notifications are a great way to improve sales from your mobile app . But there are certain things that you need to keep in mind before you send them out .
Limit the number of words per notification . Do n't send push notifications too often .
The content of these messages needs to be timely , relevant , and personalized . Add value to the recipient by offering promotions or flash sales . Use geofencing technology to target app users in a specific area .
Understand how iOS and Android users behave differently when receiving a push notification .
If you follow these tips , you 'll be able to improve your mobile marketing strategy and increase sales .
What types of push notifications are you sending to your mobile customers ?
Source : : http : //feedproxy.google.com/~r/Quicksprout/~3/awsOKKTGOV8/
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump said on Wednesday the United States and its allies will destroy Islamic State and `` protect civilization . ''
`` We will destroy ISIS and we will protect civilization . We have no choice , '' Trump said at a joint White House news conference with Jordan 's King Abdullah , referring to Islamic State by an acronym . They said the king has been a leader in the fight to defeat Islamic State `` once and for all . ''
( Reporting by Ayesha Rascoe ; Editing by Tim Ahmann )
Penalty to Hertha ... And # Selke makes no mistake # SGEBSC 0-1 pic.twitter.com/h9QzYKAM94
286 as a player 114 as head coach
Congratulations on your 400th # Bundesliga game with Hertha today , Pal !
@ paldardai # hahohe # SGEBSC pic.twitter.com/ISzbFe1hYM
Saudi Energy Minister Khalid Al Falih ( right ) and Iraqi Oil Minister Jabbar Al Luaybi in Jeddah on Thursday ( AFP photo )
RIYADH — Saudi Arabia and Iraq are to launch a joint trade commission , the Saudi Cabinet announced on Monday , in a sign of a thaw in ties between the two neighbours .
“ The Cabinet has decided to approve the establishment of the Saudi-Iraqi Coordinating Commission and to delegate the Saudi minister of trade and investments to sign on behalf of the kingdom , ” read a statement carried by state-run SPA news agency .
The two countries went a quarter century without diplomatic relations , which were cut following Saddam Hussein 's 1990 invasion of Kuwait after which Saudi Arabia served as the launchpad for a US-led coalition to oust Iraqi forces .
Saudi Arabia and Iraq , OPEC 's top two producers , were both dealt a serious blow when oil prices plummeted following a global production glut in 2014 .
Riyadh and Baghdad showed an improvement in ties in June , when Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al Abadi visited the kingdom followed by a series of visits by high-ranking officials .
Iraq 's Energy Minister Jabbar Al Luaybi and their Saudi counterpart Khalid Al Falih last Thursday jointly announced they would strengthen their commitment to pledged oil production cuts and vowed to ensure coordination of their nations ' oil policies .
OPEC and non-OPEC members have pledged to cut back on production in an effort to stabilise market prices .
While Saudi Arabia met its production limits in July , Iraq only made one-third of the cut it had pledged , according to a report published by the International Energy Agency .
Influential Iraqi Shiite cleric Moqtada Al Sadr , who led a militia that fought against the US occupation of Iraq , last month made a rare trip to Saudi Arabia , a key regional ally of Washington .
The rekindling of ties comes at a time of diplomatic crisis in the Gulf after Saudi Arabia cut all ties with neighbouring Qatar in June , accusing the emirate of supporting Islamist extremists and working with Shiite Iran .
Qatar , the world 's largest exporter of liquefied natural gas , has denied the allegations .
The day before , a Palestinian man attacked a guard of Jerusalem 's Central Bus Station with a knife amid the ongoing clashes after Trump 's decision on Jerusalem .
RAMALLAH ( Sputnik ) — As many as 15 Palestinians , including terror suspects , were arrested during raids conducted by the Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) in the West Bank on Monday night , Avichai Adrai , the IDF spokesperson , said in a statement .
Adrai indicated that Israeli troops had carried out raids in the district of al-Faraa , the resident of which perpetrated a stabbing attack in Jerusalem 's city center the day before .
On December 10 , a 24-year old Palestinian attacked a guard of Jerusalem 's Central Bus Station with a knife . The police have detained the attacker , dubbing the incident a terrorist attack . According to the ambulance service , the guard was taken to hospital with serious injuries to the upper part of their body . Following the attack , the Israeli police and security services have tightened security in transport in Jerusalem .
READ MORE : Netanyahu Calls on Palestinians to Agree Jerusalem is 'Israel 's Capital '
The attack occurred after US President Donald Trump announced last week that the US recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , sparking negative reactions from many countries around the world , primarily in the Middle East , as well as leading to mass protests and clashes between Palestinians and police in Bethlehem , the Gaza Strip and eastern Jerusalem , leaving over 1,000 injured during the so-called `` day of rage . ''
Following the decision , Palestinian Islamic fundamentalist organization Hamas has called on Arab countries to halt all cooperation with the United States , while its former rival Fatah said that the two movements were `` now united to stand against the occupation government and the decision of the US on Jerusalem . ''
ANDREW Bagnall has been taken to hospital in Orange after crashing heavily during the early hours of the Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour .
The 70-year-old , driving the No.82 International Motorsport Audi with Matt Halliday and Johnny Reid , hit the wall at Sulman Park on Lap 42 , two more cars crashing behind them as they tried to take evasive action .
“ New Zealand driver Andrew Bagnall is being transferred by ambulance Orange Hospital after an incident in the Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour race this morning , ” a statement from event organisers Supercars Australia said .
LIVE : Follow all the action from the Bathurst 12 Hour
“ Bagnall , competing in the Pro-Am class of the event in an Audi R8 for the International Motorsport team with fellow New Zealanders Matthew Halliday and Johnny Reid , was involved in the incident on lap 42 of the Intercontinental GT race at Mount Panorama .
“ He was conscious and responsive while being treated on the scene for neck and chest injuries before being transferred to the circuit medical centre , where it was determined the driver would be transferred to hospital for further tests and observation .
“ Supercars will issue further information on Bagnall 's condition as it comes to hand . ”
A long-time sports car racer , Bagnall also competed in the Bathurst 1000 and the Australian Touring Car Championship between 1986 and 1990 , registering a seventh place finish in their last start in the 1000 in 1990 with Robbie Francevic in a Ford Sierra .
UPDATE : It was initally reported that Bagnall was being flown to a Sydney hospital , but a further report from Supercars confirmed they were being taken to Orange .
Australian energy company Santos will proceed with its $ 400 million-plus Arcadia gas development in Queensland 's Central Highlands .
The project is expected to directly create 300 jobs during construction , which is due to get under way in 2019 .
Santos managing director Kevin Gallagher said the project was in addition to the $ 900 million the company had already invested in Queensland gas supply developments in the Maranoa , Western Downs , Central Highlands and Banana regions this year .
`` If you want to put downward pressure on gas prices , reducing the cost of supply is a good place to start , '' Mr Gallagher said in a statement on Thursday .
The Queensland government welcomed the announcement , with Mines Minister Dr Anthony Lynham saying it shows ongoing confidence in the state 's $ 70 billion LNG industry .
`` The construction jobs are particularly welcome , as will be the royalties that will flow to future Queensland budgets to help fund doctors and nurses in hospitals and teachers in schools , '' Dr Lynham said .
Santos said at its peak , the initial phase of the project , near Injune , north of Roma , will deliver more than 75 terajoules of gas per day to processing facilities .
After acquiring the No . 1 spot in the division Week 11 and then losing it on Week 12 , the Jacksonville Jaguars have once again found themselves atop the AFC South after defeating the Seattle Seahawks in epic fashion Sunday . As a result of their victory and a Week 14 loss by the Tennessee Titans , the Jags now have a one-game lead on the division with just three weeks left in the regular season .
As for the AFC playoff picture , the Jags now have the No . 3 seed while the Titans moved into the No . 5 spot . If the playoffs were to end today , the Jaguars would play the No . 6 seeded Bills at home , while the Titans would play the Chiefs who are the No . 4 seed .
The top two seeds remained intact as the No . 1 seeded Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Ravens on Sunday Night Football . The New England Patriots , who are the second seed , have the last game of the week and will take on the Miami Dolphins on Monday Night Football . Regardless of the result , the Patriots will exit this week as the No . 2 seed as they currently hold a two-game lead on Jacksonville .
Osborne Park blaze ruled an accident The West Australian
A 19-year-old is still in a critical condition after suffering severe burns .
The slumping Chicago White Sox are playing a team that did n't give up on its season despite a terrible start , so maybe they decided that was a pretty good strategy to adopt .
The White Sox could have easily given up on their Tuesday night game against the surging Cincinnati Reds despite falling behind 4-0 before they 'd gotten an out and 7-2 following Adam Duvall 's three-run homer in the fifth inning .
And given up on the series , too , since the Reds beat them 5-3 on Monday for their 15th victory in a span of 20 games , the National League 's best record since June 10 . The Reds also were 7-1 in interleague games .
Instead , the White Sox managed to tie it first at 7-all on a Leury Garcia pinch-hit RBI single in the eighth and at 8-all on Avisail Garcia 's second home run of the game and third of the series , in the ninth .
The White Sox finally broke through to win it 12-8 in the 12th on Yoan Moncada 's bases-full triple that right fielder Brandon Dixon brought back over the wall to prevent a homer but could n't keep in their glove , and Yolmer Sanchez 's RBI triple -- both off reliever Jackson Stephens .
`` The pitch was up and in but I was able to put the barrel on it and get a triple , '' said Moncada , who had a three-hit night after coming in with a .191 average in their previous 44 games . `` Little by little , the work I 've been putting in day in and day out , I 've been feeling better ( at the plate ) . ''
Well before the 12th , the White Sox began their comeback as Daniel Palka hit a two-run homer in the fourth , then teamed with Garcia to homer in the sixth . Garcia has a 13-game hitting streak , and is 14-for-30 with four homers and six RBIs in their last six games .
Now , after winning for only the second time in six contests and the sixth time in 19 games , the White Sox are in position to take the series if they can win Wednesday night at Great American Ball Park . White Sox right-hander Dylan Covey ( 3-3 , 4.82 ERA ) will oppose Reds right-hander Sal Romano ( 4-8 , 5.30 ) in a matchup of pitchers who have n't faced the opposing team before .
Covey is in a major slump , going 0-2 with an elevated 12.71 ERA with 12 walks and three strikeouts over their last three starts -- this after they were 2-0 with a 1.00 ERA in their first three starts in June . Their last time out , they surrendered four home runs and eight earned runs in 2 1/3 innings of a 11-3 loss to the Texas Rangers on Friday .
`` I made a couple of mistakes they capitalized on , '' Covey told reporters afterward . `` For the most part I was throwing good pitches . They were just taking the borderline ones and were all over everything that was in the zone . I do n't have an explanation . ''
Manager Rick Renteria did .
`` I think there were probably a lot of pitches left over the center of plate , '' they said .
Or exactly the kind of pitches the White Sox jumped on Tuesday while getting 15 hits in only their second extra-inning win of the season , as compared to three losses . By winning , the White Sox avoided falling to a season-worst 27 games below .500 .
The Reds have put together a string of improbable victories while starting to turn their season around after being 3-15 and 8-27 . But this was a game in which they could n't hold a succession of leads -- 4-0 , 7-2 , 8-7 -- as they played more like they did in April .
`` It got away from us late , but that 's a good offensive baseball team , '' Reds interim manager Jim Riggleman said . `` Garcia 's a bear to deal with right now and they got us . ... But we had a big-enough lead that we should have put it away in nine ( innings ) . ''
The Reds wasted a pair of two-run homers in the first by NL batting leader Scooter Gennett and NL RBIs leader Eugenio Suarez , plus Duvall 's three-run shot and a timely play by Billy Hamilton in which they scored the go-ahead run in the eighth on a ground ball to shortstop against a drawn-in infield .
`` ( But ) we 've been playing too good of baseball to get hung up on one game , '' Reds starting pitcher Anthony DeSclafani said . `` I do n't think this game is going to affect us one bit . ''
Romano has pitched well in three of their last four starts , with a June 24 outing against the Cubs in which they gave up five runs in five innings being the only exception . They gave up only three runs over 20 innings in the other three starts .
White Sox first baseman Jose Abreu ( sore ankle ) is expected back in the lineup after sitting out Tuesday for precautionary reasons .
April 24 ( UPI ) -- Police have arrested a man who they say confessed to setting a fire at a karaoke bar that killed 18 people Tuesday in the Chinese province of Guangdong .
Liu Chunlu , 32 , confessed when they were arrested at their home in Yingde City , according to officials .
`` I was drunk last night and had had a fight with unknown people ( before the fire ) , '' Liu told police .
Police said Chunlu blocked the only entrance to the building with their motorcycle .
The fire took nearly 30 minutes to put out and left little of the three-story structure still standing . In addition to the deaths , five people were injured .
Chunlu also suffered from burns as a result of the fire , according to police .
TERRE HAUTE , Ind . ( WTHI ) - Prices at the pump continues to rise . As a record number of people are expected to hit the road for the 4th of July . You 'll notice your fuel bill is quite a bit higher as well .
Scroll for more content ...
AAA estimates nearly 40 million Americans will be traveling over the holiday .
In Terre Haute , people are paying nearly $ 3.00 a gallon . That 's nearly 62 cents more compared to this time last year . TJ Modesitt from Big O Tires says crude oil prices are to blame .
`` If crude drops down , gasoline and fuel prices are going to go up , '' Modesitt said .
It 's the pricest 4th of July in four years . But , it 's still 11 cents cheaper from what people were paying on Memorial Day .
Modesitt says there are some ways you can be proactive this holiday and get more fuel for your buck .
`` Check your filters , '' they said . `` Make sure your ties are properly inflated . ''
They say take it slow when putting the pedal to the metal .
`` Even if you drop back 20 mph , you 're going to save up to 20 percent of fuel economy , '' Modesitt said .
There are also apps like Gas Buddy that helps drivers find the cheapest gas near them .
LINK | GAS BUDDY FOR IPHONE
LINK | GAS BUDDY FOR ANDROID
If you want to go all out for Halloween this year , then we 're here to help .
Take a look at this shockingly realistic make up effect , which makes it look as though ( look away now ) you 've had your throat cut .
Using cotton wool , liquid latex and make up , Cheltenham makeup artist Emily Jefferies created the look for the CODS production of Sweeney Todd .
Emily , 22 , is appearing in the show which starts at Cheltenham Playhouse , Bath Road , on Saturday , October 14 at 7.45pm .
The show brings to the stage Stephen Sondheim 's dark yet occasionally comic musical about the demon barber of Fleet Street .
It then runs from Monday , October 16 to Saturday , October 21 at 7.45pm with a 2pm matinee on the Saturday .
Visit cheltplayhouse.org.uk/whats-on/autumn-2017/sweeney-todd/ for tickets .
In light of Google 's plans to buy the Chelsea Market building in the Big Apple , the city is encouraging other tech companies to open up there . Julie Samuels of Tech : NYC explains why the city is ideal , not just for giants like Google and Amazon , but for start-ups as well .
Speech to Text for Several arrested on drug charges in Clinton
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video .
after a traffic stop in clinton , indiana . it happened thursday . you 're looking at what police found during that investigation . city police say it all started when they pulled over 27- year-old travis shull at main and chestnut street . in the vehicle -- police say they found methamphetami ne -- marijuana -- scales -- baggies and large amounts of cash . after the traffic stop -- police got a search warrant for a home at 5-56 south main street . at the house -- police say they found more drugs and other items like syringes . police arrested shull for a series of charges . police say three others were also arrested in connection to the incident . they are megan pocock -- kenna shull and michael blair . police say they are all being held `` without '' bond . we 're trying to get answers for
Some Pulitzer winners seemed predestined . The Washington Post 's David Farenthold had a Pulitzer locked up the second they hit `` send '' on their deep dig into Donald Trump 's charitable donations .
So it was with an odd mix of hope and resignation that Tribune staffers awaited Monday 's announcement .
Several of us had plugged into the livestream from Columbia University . But we were n't all in sync , so some of us heard prize administrator Mike Pride utter the words `` The Salt Lake Tribune '' before others . As a result , a tidal wave of gasps and excited shouting rolled up the newsroom , crashing at the corner where Managing Editor Sheila R. McCann emerged , smiling through tears .
Not everybody registered the news immediately . I stood from my computer and saw in the adjacent cubicle my colleague Erin Alberty — one of the project 's lead reporters — looking a bit confused .
`` What 's happening ? '' Alberty asked . I got to be the one to say , `` Erin , you just won the Pulitzer . ''
Alberty joined in on the hugfest in front of McCann 's office , which included reporter Alex Stuckey and digital editor Rachel Piper ( who contributed as both a writer and an editor for our coverage ) . Then Matt Canham , our senior managing editor , came bounding up the newsroom , two bottles of sparkling wine in one hand , two bottles of Martinelli 's sparkling apple juice in the other , and a sheath of plastic cups in their back pocket .
The celebration moved over to one of our conference rooms , and somebody handed me a wine bottle . So I started opening bottles , pouring the contents into the cups and hoping everyone would get a taste .
Meanwhile , Alberty called Jessica Miller , the fourth reporter on the lead team , who was at the courthouse covering another trial . They were urged to head back to the newsroom to join the celebration .
Eventually , these five journalists — Alberty , Miller , Stuckey , Piper and McCann — were the center of attention , fielding congratulatory calls from Editor Jennifer Napier-Pearce ( who was back East touring college campuses with their son ) , Publisher Paul Huntsman and others . Journalists sent emails of congratulations . Mayor Jackie Biskupski 's office sent cookies .
The five deflected the applause . They cited the other Tribune staffers who also worked on the project : photographers Leah Hogsten , Chris Detrick and Francisco Kjolseth ; reporters Peggy Fletcher Stack , Matthew Piper , Nate Carlisle and Benjamin Wood .
They gave credit to Napier-Pearce and their predecessor , Terry Orme , for supporting news reporting that cast harsh light on three of Utah 's more beloved institutions : Brigham Young University ; its owner , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ; and Utah State University Aggie football .
And they praised the courage of Madi Barney and the other young women and men who went public with their stories of being assaulted and then being further victimized by those investigating the crimes .
The celebrating continued in the evening at a downtown bar , where food and drink were consumed heartily . One staffer ordered a round of shots of Jameson Irish Whiskey with a pickle-brine chaser — which ( who knew ? ) is an invigorating way to down a drink . A waiter told us that a regular had ordered a round for all of us , and we happily accepted .
During one toast , the word `` badass '' was floated to describe the five journalists who have shepherded our coverage for the past year . I ca n't think of a more accurate word , and here 's why : While we were celebrating , they talked about where the story is going next — court cases still in motion , documents still being sought , victims still waiting to be heard .
For my badass colleagues at The Salt Lake Tribune , the Pulitzer is n't the end product of a year 's worth of diligent , important work . It 's a sign of encouragement , a prod to keep going .
Sean P. Means writes The Cricket in daily blog form at www.sltrib.com/blogs/moviecricket . Follow them on Twitter @ moviecricket . Email them at spmeans @ sltrib.com .
The 2018 Chevrolet Equinox is among the small number of crossovers in the United States to offer buyers a diesel engine option . Customers that choose the mill get quite a boost in fuel economy because the Bowtie estimates 39 miles per gallon highway fuel economy , versus 32 mpg for the gasoline-drinking 1.5-liter turbo four-cylinder or 29 mpg from the 2.0-liter . It can also go 577 miles ( 929 kilometers ) on a full tank of diesel .
Chevy is n't discussing any of the Equinox diesel 's other fuel economy figures yet , but a slide from the company 's presentation appears to show 32 mpg combined mileage ( above ) . If that were the case , it would make the Equinox the country 's most fuel-efficient crossover that does n't feature some form of electrification , according to the EPA 's figures .
The 1.6-liter Ecotec diesel is also very quiet , according to Chevy . For example , the company reports that the powerplant produces up to 65 percent less noise than the 2.0-liter diesel in the Jaguar F-Pace .
Chevy does n't yet have official pricing details for the Equinox diesel . However , an earlier leak indicates that the crossover starts at $ 31,435 including destination . The cost means that the powertrain costs $ 1,345 than the equivalent trim with the gasoline-fueled 2.0-liter turbo and $ 3,740 more than the 1.5-liter turbocharged engine .
The 1.6-liter Ecotec diesel produces 137 horsepower ( 102 kilowatts ) and 240 pound-feet ( 325 Newton-meters ) of torque . In comparison , the 1.5-liter turbo four-cylinder packs 170 hp ( 127 kW ) and 203 lb-ft ( 275 Nm ) , and the 2.0-liter turbo mill has 252 hp ( 188 kW ) and 260 lb-ft ( 353 Nm ) .
The 2018 Equinox arrived with sharper styling earlier this year . The upgrades included a major diet that sliced off 400 pounds ( 181.4 kilograms ) . In Motor1 's review , Editor-in-Chief John Neff praised the comfortable ride and power from the 2.0-liter powerplant . They are n't a fan of the styling or the costly options , though .
Source : Chevrolet , Environmental Protection Agency
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DUNMORE , Pa. -- PennDOT officials say they can not remember the last time this has happened : a year of no major construction projects on Interstate 81 from the New York border through Schuylkill County .
`` I walked around the building and asked , 'Does anybody remember the last time there was n't construction on 81 ? ' Nobody could seem to remember that time , so it 's been a while . It really has , ” said PennDOT spokesperson James May .
PennDOT has spent the past 10 years replacing 18 bridges on the stretch of interstate 81 from Clarks Summit in Lackawanna County through Nanticoke in Luzerne County , but this year , there is nothing big planned .
Most drivers seem thrilled .
`` We go to the lake all the time , and it 's just going to be nice knowing we 're not going to have any holdups on the way to the lake . Wonderful . I 'm so excited , ” laughed Alisha Levinsky of Dunmore .
Others remain skeptical .
`` I would hope it would be true , but I highly doubt it . It would be nice if it were true , ” said a driver from Luzerne County who did not want to give them name .
PennDOT officials do not want people to think there wo n't be any work on that stretch of interstate . They said there may be some pothole patching and some bridge painting , but those projects should only take a couple of days and happen mostly at night .
`` To preserve the bridge , they will go out and just paint the bridge . That 's a two-day operation and happens mostly at night . There is one project going out to bid this year , but the work will happen next year , ” said May .
PennDOT officials also said this year they will be concentrating more on repairing rural roadways .
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's half-brother , Kim Jong Nam . Kim , who was in their mid-forties , was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il 's children . They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport .
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents , according to police , and was alone at the time of the arrest . Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim . One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away . Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help .
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur . An autopsy will be performed .
After growing up in Western countries , Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades . They are believed to have homes in Macau , Beijing and Paris . In 2001 , Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents . They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland .
The big mystery , if they did n't die of natural causes , is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked , and why now .
`` I do n't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years , '' says Michael Madden , a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies , who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch .
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post , from Kuala Lumpur .
FILE- In this May 9 , 2017 , file photo , a package from Amazon Prime is loaded for delivery in New York . Last year , the online retailer introduced a system for letting people delivering packages into customersâ€™ homes . Now , itâ€™s their cars . GM says more than 7 million owners of Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Cadillac vehicles are eligible for Amazonâ€™s new Amazon Key In-car delivery service . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan , File )
FILE- In this May 9 , 2017 , file photo , a package from Amazon Prime is loaded for delivery in New York . Last year , the online retailer introduced a system for letting people delivering packages into customersâ€™ homes . Now , itâ€™s their cars . GM says more than 7 million owners of Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Cadillac vehicles are eligible for Amazonâ€™s new Amazon Key In-car delivery service . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan , File )
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) - Amazon 's latest perk ... free delivery to your car .
The Seattle company said Tuesday that it has begun delivering packages in 37 cities to Prime members who own newer General Motors or Volvo vehicles .
The delivery service works when cars are parked in publicly accessible areas , such as on the street in front of an apartment building , at a workplace surface parking lot , or in a home driveway - but not in a private parking garage , for example . Packages can put in the vehicle 's trunk or out of plain sight .
Deliveries via the Amazon Key In-Car service are available to Prime members with 2015 year or newer Chevrolet , Buick , GMC or Cadillac vehicles with GM 's OnStar connected-car service , and those with a 2015 or newer Volvo vehicle with an active Volvo On Call account .
Amazon Prime customers need to download the Amazon Key app . From there , they can link their connected car and start their Amazon orders . No additional hardware or devices are required .
On the day a package is scheduled for delivery , customers can use the Amazon Key app to check if they 've parked within range of the delivery location . The app also provides notifications with the expected 4-hour delivery time window and notifies customers when the delivery is on its way and the package has been delivered . Customers can track when their car was unlocked and relocked through the app , where they can also rate the experience .
`` Receiving a package securely and reliably in your car , without you having to be there , is something we think many people will appreciate , '' said Atif Rafiq , chief digital officer at Volvo Cars . `` This mix of car and commerce is starting the next wave of innovation and we intend to be at the forefront . ''
Amazon said that it will include more locations and more vehicle makes and models over time .
The announcement of the in-car delivery service follows Amazon 's introduction of the Amazon Key program last year that lets the people delivering packages into the homes of customers who opt in .
To check eligibility and to sign up for Amazon Key In-Car , visit amazon.com/keyincar .
Thousands of Australians gathered across the country before dawn this morning to mark Anzac Day
Each month , for 15 years , UB researchers took samples from 192 COPD patients ; that work has paid off as they learn how to thwart a key pathogen
BUFFALO , N.Y. -- Decades of work on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) at the University at Buffalo and the Veterans Affairs Western New York Healthcare System have yielded extraordinary information about the pathogen that does the most harm to patients . The results , published this week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , provide the first insights into how this pathogen lives and adapts to its host in real-time over months and even years .
`` By helping us understand how this pathogen survives in a hostile environment in human airways , this research is helping us develop ways to eradicate the pathogen to improve the lives and health of people with COPD , '' said senior author Timothy Murphy , MD , SUNY Distinguished Professor and senior associate dean for translational research in the Jacobs School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences at UB . Human airways include the nose , nasal cavities , the mouth , larynx , trachea and bronchial passageways .
The pathogen , nontypeable Haemophilus influenzae ( NTHi ) , is the source of much of the misery that COPD patients endure , Murphy said . It is an exceptionally formidable adversary , they added , because strains adapt to each host . Having taken samples from 192 Western New York patients with COPD , they said , meant that researchers then had 269 different strains of the pathogen to study .
Thriving in a hostile environment
`` People with COPD carry this organism in their lower airways for months to years , '' Murphy said . `` And since it 's a pathogen that does n't belong there , it causes all kinds of problems .
`` It 's a hostile environment : The little hairs called cilia are continuously trying to get it out of the airway ; that 's what makes patients cough . The immune system is bombarding it with antibodies and macrophages that are trying to eat it up , and with antimicrobial peptides , small molecules that are looking to punch holes in the bacteria . All of these things make it a challenge for these bacteria to live in the human airways . ''
And yet they do survive and even thrive . To find out why and how NTHi survives , and how it might be overcome , Murphy and their colleagues were awarded a National Institutes of Health grant in 2013 . It was part of a continuous 28-year-long grant from the NIH to Murphy and their longtime collaborator , Sanjay Sethi , MD , professor and chief of pulmonary , critical care and sleep medicine at the Jacobs School and a co-author on the paper .
`` Studies of this pathogen up until now have been looking at strains grown in labs or stored in freezers , '' said Murphy . `` The power of our study is that we have 269 strains of the pathogen and we can see what it looked like when the patient first acquired the strain and how it changed its genes to survive in the unique environment of the human airways , '' they said .
Those genetic changes are key , they said , to determining where the pathogen 's vulnerabilities lie and what the best strategy might be to eradicate it .
The ability to efficiently sequence the genome of the pathogen and analyze it was critical to the success of the research , Murphy added .
'Looking glass ' into pathogen 's past and present
`` Not only were we able to look at what the genes looked like when the patient acquired the pathogen , but we followed these patients every month , '' they continued . `` One bacterium lived in a patient for four years . The genomes are like a looking glass , revealing the pathogen 's secrets to us by showing us how it changed its genes through the years .
`` What we found is that the Haemophilus influenzae turns genes on and off , it 's constantly changing which genes are activated based on the environment in the airway , '' Murphy explained .
Since the lower airways are nutritionally deprived , for example , the research demonstrated that the pathogen will activate all of its mechanisms to try and scavenge nutrients like iron that it needs to survive , they said .
That information is critical to potentially developing a vaccine or a treatment . `` Now that we 're beginning to understand how the bacterium is able to survive , we can use these molecules that come from the genes we found as drug targets to eradicate the bacterium from the airways . ''
`` The beauty of this approach is that a new drug can be targeted specifically to an antigen , '' Murphy said , `` allowing selective eradication of the pathogen without disturbing the normal flora . ''
Translational collaborators
Murphy emphasized that the work resulted from a true collaboration -- not just between him , Sethi and their other UB colleagues , but with their other co-authors . They include longtime research partners Melinda Pettigrew , PhD , professor of epidemiology at Yale University and an expert in the molecular epidemiology of respiratory tract infections , and Hervé Tettelin , PhD , associate professor of microbiology and immunology at the University of Maryland School of Medicine and an international authority on microbial genomics .
The majority of the laboratory work was performed at UB , with most of the genomic sequencing performed by the genomics core at UB 's New York State Center of Excellence in Bioinformatics and Life Sciences .
In addition to the NIH grant to Murphy , Pettigrew and Tettelin , the work was also funded in part by the Department of Veterans Affairs and by the Clinical and Translational Science Award to UB .
Both Sethi and Murphy noted the most important collaborators were the 192 patients who visited their COPD study clinic monthly and consistently provided samples to the researchers over the course of the 15-year study .
`` We are first and foremost grateful to these patients , who received close medical attention while they were contributing to the study and without whom this study could not have been done , '' Murphy said .
# # #
Additional co-authors are Christian Ahearn , a PhD candidate in the Department of Microbiology at UB ; Mary Gallo , an MD-PhD candidate at UB . Both are performing their thesis research in Dr. Murphy 's laboratory . Other co-authors include Janneane F. Gent and Yong King of the Yale University School of Public Health and School of Medicine , respectively ; and James B. Munro and Adonis D'Mello of the University of Maryland School of Medicine .
Just how obsessed are we with our mobile devices ? Turns out , we may be more obsessed ( and tethered to them ) than we realize .
Nearly two-thirds ( 63 % ) of smartphone users worldwide use their device every 30 minutes or more , and over a fifth ( 22 % ) tap into their phones every 5 minutes , according to the Interactive Advertising Bureau ( IAB ) 's “ Always On – A Global Perspective of Mobile Consumer Experience . ”
The report is billed as being an in-depth survey of smartphone users compiled from 18 countries around the world .
Respondents came from North America , South America , Asia , Europe , and Africa , and the majority of them , no matter their location , report that they access the internet via mobile web and mobile apps at least once a day ( mobile web – 88 % and mobile apps – 84 % ) .
“ Awareness of advertising on both mobile web and mobile apps is high , ” the report summary explains .
Most smartphone users worldwide can recall seeing mobile ads within the first few days the ad was originally shown ( 90 % on mobile web and 86 % on mobile apps ) . Moreover , nearly half say that they took action after seeing mobile advertising , with the two platforms performing similarly in generating consumer response ( 45 % on mobile web and 47 % on mobile apps ) . These global averages are consistent with regional and country-by-country breakout findings .
“ These findings confirm the fact that omnipresent mobile usage is a worldwide phenomenon , which creates a tremendous opportunity for marketers , ” said Anna Bager , Senior Vice President and General Manager , Mobile and Video , at IAB . “ Digital advertising is making an impact and motivating consumers to action , whether they access the internet via the mobile web or mobile apps . ”
The “ Always On – A Global Perspective of Consumer Mobile Experience ” study is available for download here .
# CHEWAT 1'00 in & Conte applauds the chorus of `` Antonio , Antonio '' as does their wife who is in tears . Homecoming ? pic.twitter.com/I7CnRWTSKI
Shankar Rai , a resident of Birsingpur village in the Samastipur district of Bihar state , was bitten by a snake in their sleep on Saturday night . Upon waking , they realized they were going to die and became emotional . They looked at their wife Amiri and told them that they loved them more than anything and that their dying wish was to perish alongside them To that end , they sunk their teeth into Amiri 's wrist , which they allowed them to do .
Both of them fell unconscious after that and were rushed to the hospital . Doctors were able to neutralize the venom and save Amiri , but Shankur succumbed . `` The woman could be saved as their treatment began on time . They are safe now , '' Dr. Jaykant , who treated Amiri , told local reporters on Monday .
In an interview with India Today , Amiri said that Shankar `` told me they loved me too much and want to die together before grabbing my wrist and sinking their teeth into it . I allowed them to do so . ''
That 's either extremely devoted or extremely kinky — or both .
According to the International Society on Toxicology , India leads the world in snakebite fatalities , with about 15,000 people killed each year . Home to deadly serpents like the Indian cobra and the saw-scaled viper , cases like Shankar 's are common , particularly in rural and less developed areas .
The Indianapolis Colts signed wide receiver Rodney Adams to a reserve/future contract , the team announced Friday .
Adams was a member of the Minnesota Vikings ' active roster for the first half of the 2017 season but was waived on Oct. 30 . They were signed to the team 's practice squad two days later .
A fifth-round draft pick out of South Florida , the 6-foot-1 , 189-pound Adams never appeared in a game with the Vikings .
Adams scored 10 touchdowns in each of their final two seasons at South Florida . They had 44 catches and nine receiving scores as a junior , and 67 receptions for five TDs while rushing 23 times for five more scores as a senior .
They also served as the primary kick returner for the Bulls in their final two seasons , averaging 29.1 yards as a junior and 24.3 the following year .
Lecy Goranson is the latest member of the Conner family to weigh in on Roseanne ‘ s sudden , shocking demise . “ [ I 'm ] devastated by the cancellation of Roseanne , ” the actor behind Becky No . 1 lamented Tuesday on Twitter , before adding , “ But more devastating are the effects of hate speech and racism on individuals and society . ”
Goranson went on to thank fans for their support and concluded by urging everyone to “ spread love not hate ! ”
Goranson 's onscreen sibs , Sara Gilbert and Michael Fishman , released statements of their own on Tuesday , with the former denouncing their TV mom Roseanne Barr 's Tuesday-morning outburst — in which they described African-American former Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett as a combination of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes — as “ abhorrent. ” Fishman , meanwhile , called Barr 's so-called joke as “ reprehensible and intolerable . ”
Win UFC 218 Tickets Before You Can Buy ThemUFC will make its debut at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday , December 2 with a championship night of fights at UFC 218 . Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 for your chance to win tickets . Do n't miss this chance to see the world 's best athletes compete inside the hallowed Octagon . It will be a night of fights that you wo n't soon forget .
Jamie and Stoney Erebus Ticket GiveawayListen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 from 6:00am - 10:00am for your chance to win tickets to Erebus Haunted Attraction in Pontiac .
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac ! Listen Thursday , October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac ! Erebus , is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac , Michigan , serving terrifying thrills , unforgettable moments of laughter , and blood curdling screams .
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit ? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater !
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you 'll be more frugal with it . That 's the theory behind health savings accounts , a decades-old GOP concept that 's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act .
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference . As with a retirement account , money put into an HSA can be invested , and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free . Withdrawals can be made at any time , and they are tax-free , too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses , such as health insurance deductibles , or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor .
Currently , HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans , meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share . While HSA participation is growing , only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts , according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans .
Why do n't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them ? For one thing , not everyone has money to contribute upfront . But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving .
`` How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good ' financial decisions , '' says Alycia DeGraff , a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association . DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future , many people simply get stressed-out .
`` These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together , '' they say . `` Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement , suppression , overcompensation , isolation , etc . — to try and deal with [ it ] . ''
This may explain , at least in part , why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general . Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account . And those of us who are parents have only saved , on average , enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids .
Saving money is hard . It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we 'll want or need later . And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty , shiny , things to buy RIGHT NOW .
Plus , we all pretend we wo n't get old or sick .
`` People are predictably irrational , '' says Dr. Mitesh Patel , especially when it comes to money . He 's a behavioral economist , physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Perelman School of Medicine .
But many of us really hate to lose money , Patel says , which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing .
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight , and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference .
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks . They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day . About 30 percent of the group did so . Meanwhile , people assigned to the second group were told they 'd be paid $ 1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps . About 35 percent of the second group did so .
Here 's the kicker : Each person in the third group was paid $ 42 upfront and was docked $ 1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal . Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal , Patel says . People hate to lose money .
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401 ( k ) s that required people who did n't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in . `` This creates a path of the least resistance , '' Patel says .
Of course , setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money , they note .
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans , a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests . But it 's unclear whether they actually improve their health . Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study , but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families .
Then there 's the issue of figuring out how much you , as an individual or a family , would need to save for health care — it 's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town , let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital .
`` If you want to save for a house , you can pretty much figure out the math , '' Patel says . `` But if you go to a doctor , they do n't give you a menu for prices . ''
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we 'd all need to change our mindset , says Degraff , the financial therapist .
`` People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves , '' they say . Naturally , we thing our future selves will be `` better , healthier , more financially secure , '' they add . But , for many of us , health and income eventually decline with age . We need to save more now for later .
HSAs can be useful , Degraff notes , but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over .
`` A lot of people do n't even have a regular emergency fund savings , '' DeGraff says , `` especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance . ''
Our website uses cookies to improve its performance and enhance your user experience . Through cookies , certain personal data is collected and may be stored temporarily . You can change your cookie settings through your browser . More info : Privacy Policy
A survey of patients admitted to Massachusetts General Hospital ( MGH ) has found that patients reporting greater levels of satisfaction with their care and good communication with the health care providers were significantly less like to readmitted to the hospital in the 30 days after discharge . The study , the first to focus on patients ' perceptions on future readmission during their initial hospitalization , has been published in BMJ Quality & Safety .
`` These findings suggest that engaging patients in an assessment of communication quality , unmet needs , concerns and overall experience during their hospital stay may help identify issues that have not been captured in standard , post-discharge surveys that are conducted when an opportune time for quality improvement interventions has passed , '' says lead author Jocelyn Carter , MD , of the MGH Department of Medicine .
Hospital readmissions have been identified as a major contributor to health care costs , accounting in one survey for almost one-third of total U.S. health care expenditures . While some readmissions may be planned or unavoidable , it has been estimated that more than $ 8.25 billion is spent each year on potentially preventable readmissions . Previous studies have associated factors such as patients ' age , overall health and specific disease conditions with the risk for readmission ; and patients ' socioeconomic conditions , level of education and racial/ethnic disparities have also been cited as contributing to risk .
Only a few studies of readmission risk factors have included information provided by patients , and those that did focus on aspects of care delivered after discharge from the hospital . To get a sense of how inpatient care might affect readmission risk , members of the MGH team interviewed patients discharged from two of the hospital 's internal medicine units from 2012 through 2015 . On either the day of or the day before discharge , participating patients were administered questionnaires covering their own perceptions of their physical and mental health , their satisfaction with the care they received , confidence in their ability to care for themselves , understanding of their care plans and whether they thought they might need to be readmitted within the next month .
Of the 846 patients who were interviewed , 201 had an unplanned readmission during the following 30 days . The most common reasons for readmission were infectious disease , respiratory illness , cardiac disease , gastrointestinal bleeding or a psychiatric diagnosis . After adjustments for demographic factors associated with readmission risk , patients who reported being very satisfied with their overall inpatient care were 39 percent less likely to be readmitted than were patients who were not as satisfied , and those indicating that their doctors always listened to them carefully were 32 percent less likely to be readmitted .
While patients who reported that their caregivers talked with them about whether they would have help after their hospital stay were somewhat more likely to be rehospitalized , the researchers note that the questioning may reflect efforts to improve care for patients with clear needs for increased support . Patients who predicted they were `` very likely '' to be readmitted were at increased risk of readmission , but that finding was also not statistically significant . The impact of factors previously associated with an increased readmission risk - such as a limited level of education - was similar to what was seen in earlier studies .
Carter notes , `` Surprisingly , there was no increased likelihood of readmission associated with specific levels of insurance , but that may be related to the universal health insurance coverage in Massachusetts during those years . We also found that patients over the age of 45 were more likely to be readmitted than younger patients , while previous studies have found increased risk only in those over 65 . The fact that our study was conducted in units caring for patients with complex health needs could affect risk across all age categories . Now additional research is needed to examine how these data can help prospectively identify those at increased risk for readmission . ''
# # #
Carter is an instructor in Medicine at Harvard Medical . Karen Donelan , ScD , EdM , of the MGH Department of Medicine and the Mongan Institute Health Policy Center is senior author of the BMJ Quality & Safety report . Additional co-authors are Charlotte Ward , MPH , Northwestern University Center for Healthcare Statistics , and Deborah Wexler , MD , MGH Diabetes Center . The study was supported by a Clinician Teacher Development Award from the Massachusetts General Physicians Organization .
Massachusetts General Hospital , founded in 1811 , is the original and largest teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School . The MGH Research Institute conducts the largest hospital-based research program in the nation , with an annual research budget of more than $ 900 million and major research centers in HIV/AIDS , cardiovascular research , cancer , computational and integrative biology , cutaneous biology , genomic medicine , medical imaging , neurodegenerative disorders , regenerative medicine , reproductive biology , systems biology , photomedicine and transplantation biology . The MGH topped the 2015 Nature Index list of health care organizations publishing in leading scientific journals and earned the prestigious 2015 Foster G. McGaw Prize for Excellence in Community Service . In August 2017 the MGH was once again named to the Honor Roll in the U.S. News & World Report list of `` America 's Best Hospitals . ''
President Trump on Monday explicitly called out and denounced white supremacists by name after the domestic terror attack and violence that erupted in Charlottesville over the weekend .
`` Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , '' Mr. Trump said in remarks from the White House 's Roosevelt Room .
The president , who had just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions , said that the Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly events on Saturday . They said that anyone who acted criminally will be `` held fully accountable . ''
`` We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence . It has no place in America and as I have said many times before , no matter the color of our skin , we all live under the same laws , we all salute the same great flag , we are all made by the same almighty God , '' they said .
The president named the three people who were killed on Saturday : Heather Heyer and the two Virginia state troopers who died in a helicopter crash , Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-pilot Berke M.M . Bates .
Their remarks occured after the president came under fire for the way they handled Charlottesville two days ago . Mr. Trump on Saturday condemned hatred `` on many sides , '' which prompted backlash from both Democrats and Republicans alike .
An unnamed White House spokesperson released a follow-up statement Sunday saying that the president condemns `` all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred , and of course that includes white supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi , and all extremists groups . ''
The president arrived to the White House Monday morning from their vacation in Bedminster , New Jersey for the meeting with their two administration officials and for a few other meetings . He 'll head to New York on Monday evening and is expected to stay over at Trump Tower for the first time as president .
© 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved .
PHOENIX , Ariz — A 92-year-old woman allegedly killed their son in Arizona because they did not want to be sent to an assisted living facility , authorities said .
Anna Mae Blessing was charged with first degree murder , aggravated assault and kidnapping after authorities found their 72-year-old son dead Monday at their home in Fountain Hills , Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office said .
Blessing hid two pistols in the pockets of their robe and shot their son several times in their bedroom , the sheriff 's office said in a statement .
Them son 's girlfriend was also in the room and said they heard Blessing telling their son they were tired of the way they treated her , court documents said .
“ From my understanding , they had thought about it for a few days because there was a dispute regarding their son wanting to put them in an assisted living home , ” Maricopa County Sgt . Bryant Vanejas told CNN affiliate KPHO .
Blessing then pointed the gun at their son 's girlfriend , who struggled with them until they lost their grip of the gun . When Blessing pulled out the second pistol from their robe , their son 's girlfriend also knocked it out of their hand , the statement said .
Once they were disarmed , Blessing sat on a reclining chair until deputies arrived and arrested her , officials said .
“ As the suspect was being escorted from the residence , they made a spontaneous statement to the effect of ‘ You took my life , so I 'm taking yours , ' ” court documents said .
Blessing moved in with their son and their girlfriend about six months ago , the affiliate reported .
They told deputies they had purchased one of the guns in the late 1970s and that their husband gave them the other pistol , court documents say .
Information on their attorney was not immediately available .
The prized RCMP agent who infiltrated an ISIL network in Ottawa says they got into the spy business by accident .
It was January 2011 , and Abdullah Milton was in Ottawa for the first time .
“ I was a tourist , ” the Muslim convert revealed in a March 2014 interview with RCMP investigators .
Their version of events has gone untold until now .
Milton took pictures of Parliament Hill and the Saudi embassy , then posted them on Facebook . They claimed in the interview that CSIS paid them a visit after their posts were a deemed a “ red flag . ”
Milton , originally from New Brunswick , said they told CSIS agents they were just posting tourist pictures of Parliament Hill and that they had Saudi friends and had posted the embassy photos for them to see .
The way Milton told it , that visit from CSIS agents launched their career as an asset for the spy agency .
Milton 's version of how they became a CSIS asset is revealed in the 2014 RCMP interview . Their name had come up during an RCMP terrorism investigation targeting Ottawa 's Aswo Peshdary , and when the Mounties moved to expand their probe to include their friend , a top CSIS official let them in on a secret : The man the RCMP wanted to target was actually a CSIS asset .
CSIS then cut its ties with Milton and handed them over to the RCMP in March 2014 .
In one of their first interviews with the national police force , Milton said they supplied CSIS with intelligence because they were “ just trying to help … and , you know , try to stop possible attacks , and that kind of thing . ”
When the Mounties learned that their fresh target was actually a CSIS asset , they put them to work as a paid agent straight away . The Citizen has confirmed the RCMP have so far paid Milton at least $ 800,000 for befriending and spying on suspected members of an ISIL network in Ottawa . The Mounties paid them in cash and it is not known whether Milton declared the income and paid taxes on it .
The paid agent 's work is credited for convictions against terror twins Ashton and Carlos Larmond , and Suliman Mohamed . Their rapid descent into Islamic extremism ended in August when they admitted plotting to leave the country to join ISIL . Ashton Larmond pleaded guilty to instructing a person to carry out a terrorist activity , while their brother , Carlos , pleaded guilty to attempting to leave Canada to commit terrorist acts . Mohamed admitted to conspiring with the Larmonds and others to carry out a terrorist activity . The sentencing judge said they were grateful that the RCMP were always one step ahead of the “ would-be evildoers . ”
The continuing criminal case against accused terrorist recruiter and financier Awso Peshdary , one of the trio 's alleged co-conspirators , meanwhile , is also anchored in the agent 's spy work .
In fact , Abdullah Milton has been spying on Peshdary for years .
They first started keeping an eye on Peshdary back in 2011 , when they worked the graveyard shift together at Walmart .
“ Anything they would say to me that , you know , of concern or whatever , I would obviously report that ( to CSIS ) … but I was still building my relationship with him , ” Milton told the RCMP .
Partial transcripts of Milton 's interviews with the RCMP are found in a court application filed by Peshdary 's lawyer , Solomon Friedman , who is requesting records from CSIS so they can properly defend their client . The lawyer wants access to materials related to the CSIS investigation of Peshdary and the spy agency 's dealings with Milton . The application notes that Milton is a key prosecution witness whose credibility and reliability will be issues at Peshdary 's trial .
Peshdary , 26 , was charged in February 2015 with recruiting , financing and facilitating terrorism .
The RCMP believe Peshdary 's star recruit was John Maguire , who quietly left Canada in December 2012 to join ISIL in Syria , where they were featured in a propaganda video declaring religious war on their home country . The Islamic State reported Maguire died fighting in 2015 , though their death has never been confirmed .
New details about the case against Peshdary are included in the court filings — including Milton 's analysis that while Peshdary , their longtime target , “ used to be more radical , ” they “ was now a changed man and less radical . ”
The RCMP 's case that finally yielded charges against Peshdary was initially built on a foundation so shaky that investigators were twice turned down when they went to get search warrants against Maguire .
Ontario Court Justice Peter Wright refused to sign off on the RCMP warrants in 2013 , saying the Mounties had fallen “ very far short of the requisite standards expected at law . ”
The judge also said the RCMP had “ failed to establish that its sources of this investigation are reliable or trustworthy as is required . ”
It was n't until CSIS shared its intelligence that the Mounties were able to finally secure a search warrants for electronic and computer data .
According to a CSIS briefing to the RCMP , Peshdary accompanied Maguire in the car ride to a Montreal airport , where Maguire boarded a plane for overseas . Peshdary kept in contact with Maguire while they were in Syria , with CSIS intercepting four conversations in the summer of 2013 , according to court filings .
In one intercepted conversation on Aug. 7 , 2013 , Maguire is heard asking Peshdary for advice about an undefined situation .
Milton 's role as a CSIS asset remains unclear . In one of their interviews with the RCMP , they said their work with CSIS had been a “ learning experience ” and that they had made mistakes along the way . They also noted that they have a weird memory and had to train themselves to keep repeating key details in their mind to remember them .
None of the terrorism charges has been proven against Peshdary , who remains in jail awaiting trial , which is scheduled for 2018 .
gdimmock @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/crimegarden
The infrastructure levy proposed by eight councillors ahead of Wednesday 's 2018 budget vote has turned up the volume on the grumbling over the mayor 's two per cent tax promise .
It 's safe to expect a pile-on by councillors who oppose adding another 0.5 per cent to the already-planned two per cent property tax increase . Many have been on social media and radio programs dumping on the infrastructure tax proposal , even accusing some of the backers of political grandstanding before the next municipal election in October 2018 .
That 's what Coun . George Darouze wrote in a social media post on Monday , taking aim specifically at experienced councillors who have signed onto the infrastructure tax proposal .
“ They should know better than to play such obvious political games , ” Darouze wrote .
Other councillors have been even more cutting .
Coun . Jody Mitic wrote on Twitter that taxpayers in their ward wo n't pay for “ bully tactics . ”
On 1310 News last Friday , Coun . Allan Hubley took aim squarely at Coun . Diane Deans in an interview about the proposed infrastructure tax , steering the conversation to a recent audit that revealed questionable subsidy distributions in the child care program and pointing out that Deans chairs the committee that oversees child care .
Deans fired back at Hubley on social media , dismissing them as one of “ the mayor 's cronies . ”
The councillors who back the infrastructure tax — David Chernushenko , Rick Chiarelli , Mathieu Fleury , Jeff Leiper , Catherine McKenney , Tobi Nussbaum , Marianne Wilkinson and Deans — say it would only cost urban landowners an extra $ 1 each month .
The extra $ 8 million raised could pay for repairs to roads , parks and buildings , they argue .
No other council member as of Monday had voiced backing for their eight colleagues .
So , the proposal is on a bumpy road to failure .
Coun . Michael Qaqish said he 'll go into the budget debate with an open mind , but they noted it 's unlikely he 'll support a 0.5 per cent tax addition .
Coun . Keith Egli , council 's transportation chair , said they want to hear the debate but they have “ significant concerns , ” ranging from the 0.5 per cent announcement over Twitter late last week to what kind of infrastructure the levy would actually help repair .
The city had a special infrastructure levy during Larry O'Brien 's time as mayor , but it dissolved near the end of their term when property tax pressures became too much for council to handle .
The city 's 2012 long-range financial plan said if the upper-tier governments did n't provide permanent funding for infrastructure repairs , the city would need an infrastructure levy of 0.25 per cent .
A refreshed long-range financial plan published in June 2017 makes no mention of an infrastructure levy as a possible way to raise funds to fix municipal assets . It might be little surprise since Mayor Jim Watson has strongly criticized the idea of an infrastructure levy , especially in an interview with this newspaper one year ago .
The new plan says the city 's asset maintenance program for roads , buildings , parks and other tax-supported infrastructure has been short , on average , $ 70 million annually . The city needs to pump $ 195 million each year into repairs to keep things in good condition , but it is n't expected to get to that level until 2027 under the council-endorsed funding strategy .
Council , however , has been worried about the state of the roads , particularly after the harsh 2016-2017 winter . In a rare post-budget move , council voted last May to pour $ 2.9 million more into 2017 road maintenance programs .
The concerns have lingered into the 2018 budget cycle , prompting a faction of council to advocate for an additional half-percentage point on the planned tax increase to generate an $ 8-million one-time lump of cash for asset repairs .
Coun . Riley Brockington said they want to see if the city treasurer can come up with savings on Wednesday rather than relying on the taxpayer to cough up more money .
The extra tax proposed by the eight councillors would n't do much to fill the huge funding hole , Brockington said .
“ We need a much greater conversation in the public about making people aware of what the gap is , what gets funded and what 's needed , ” Brockington said .
If nothing else , the 0.5 per cent motion might raise that profile .
jwilling @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
LANSING , Mich. ( AP ) – Officials are looking for partners and sponsors to help celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Michigan state park system .
A year-long celebration of the state park centennial is planned to begin in May 2019 . The Department of Natural Resources says there are opportunities for businesses , associations and others to take part .
Among options are sharing information about the centennial , underwriting portions of the educational campaign , hosting a cleanup or display and leading events such as geocaching challenges and vintage RV parades .
Conservation-oriented projects could include sprucing up trails , green initiatives , invasive species removal and facility preservation .
The park system has more than 100 units , ranging from Milliken State Park and Harbor in Detroit to Porcupine Mountains Wilderness State Park in the far western Upper Peninsula .
© 2018 Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Protesters at ICE office in Phoenix on night of February 8 , 2017 - KPHO-TV
Police arrested several protesters Wednesday night after they blocked enforcement vans from leaving an Immigration and Customs Enforcement facility in Phoenix , fearing that a mother of two was headed for deportation .
The protest surged after the Mesa , Arizona woman was taken into custody during a routine check-in with the agency , reports CBS Phoenix affiliate KPHO-TV .
Activists blocked the gates surrounding the office near central Phoenix for about an hour , the station says .
KPHO says Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos apparently was in one of the vehicles , which are used to transport people in ICE custody to detention centers , or to the border for deportation .
After 9 p.m. , police officers amassed on the south side of the facility as protesters continued to block access , chanting “ Justice ! ” and “ Power to the people , no one is illegal ! ”
Police tweeted that they arrested about seven protesters , but added that most of the protesters were peaceful .
Besides the few people engaged in criminal acts , most people out here are peaceful and exercising their rights properly . — Phoenix Police ( @ phoenixpolice ) February 9 , 2017
Garcia de Rayos ' family and supporters said their detention was a direct result of President Trump 's crackdown on allegedly illegal immigrants .
According to KPHO , Garcia de Rayos was arrested in one of former Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's workplace raids in 2008 . They were convicted of a felony and served six months in ICE detention before being released . It was thought their case had been cleared -- until Wednesday .
As day turned to night , a prayer vigil was held in support of Garcia de Rayos .
“ At this point , I think the more time that passes , it 's a little bit scarier and we have more anxiety around it , but we 're not going anywhere until we find out what 's happening , ” Francisca Porchas , a vigil organizer , told KPHO .
“ She 's always there for me . No one should ever have to go through this , ” said their 16-year-old son , Angel .
Garcia de Rayos could either be deported immediately or be allowed to fight their case from a detention center .
Later , police tweeted an update :
Roadway is open . Announcements being made to keep people safely out of road and on sidewalks . — Phoenix Police ( @ phoenixpolice ) February 9 , 2017
By 1 a.m. Thursday , less than two dozen protesters stood in the dark outside the building talking quietly , with just a handful of police looking on .
The protesters said they initially succeeded in stopping the vehicles from leaving , but said they later left the grounds by another exit . They did n't know if Garcia de Rayos had still been aboard .
Early Thursday , ICE records said they were in custody .
© 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report .
TWO Grand Slams , three Masters , Laver Cup and several ATP awards — it 's been a sensational 2017 campaign for Roger Federer , to say the least .
But not sensational enough according to Federer 's children , who cheekily believe Rafael Nadal has had a better season than their dad .
Federer on the weekend added yet another trophy to their already bulging cabinet when they were crowned Swiss Sportsman of the Year . They beat cross-country cyclist Nino Schurter and alpine ski racer Beat Feuz to win the award for the seventh time in their career .
The tennis great was n't at the awards ceremony but appeared by video link to accept the award , thanking their parents , who were in the audience , as well as their coach Severin Luthi , who was named Swiss Coach of the Year .
But the tone of Federer 's acceptance speech took a humorous and cheeky tone when they discussed their family .
Speaking in Swiss German , Federer detailed an awkward conversation with their kids , who clearly were n't convinced their dad deserved an award due to the form of their great rival .
“ After dinner , my kids asked me where I was going . I told them there is this awards gala where I could win a prize . Then they said : ‘ But is n't Rafa No . 1 ? ' ” Federer laughed .
Upon hearing Federer 's tale , the small audience in attendance also burst into laughter .
Ultimately , Fed 's kids — twin girls Myla and Charlene and twin boys Lenny and Leo — do have a point , because their dad is second to No . 1 Nadal .
Not that Federer needed any more reminders of that ahead of the Australian Open .
