FILE- In this Jan. 4 , 2017 , file photo Arkansas Gov . Asa Hutchinson speaks to members of the press during a Q & A session in Little Rock , Ark . Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues , but they have put themselves and their state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty with their extraordinary plan to execute eight men before the end of April . The executions are set to begin Monday , April 17 . ( AP Photo/Brian Chilson , File )
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . ( AP ) — Arkansas inmates who had been set for execution in a series of double executions this month said Sunday that a federal appeals court should take up their claim that the compressed timetable would violate `` evolving standards of decency . ''
U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker granted the inmates stays of execution on Saturday , but they rejected their arguments that too little time between executions violated their constitutional rights . Arkansas originally planned to execute eight inmates between Monday and April 27 because its supply of one of the three execution drugs , midazolam , expires on April 30 and the state says it does not have a supplier to replenish it .
Lawyers for the state appealed Baker 's ruling immediately with the hope of beginning the executions Monday . In its filing Sunday , the inmates ' legal team said the 8th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals should review Baker 's decision to reject part of their arguments .
The lawyers said it was wrong for Baker to write that the inmates `` did not establish a significant possibility of success on the merits on their claim that the compressed execution schedule is contrary to the evolving standards of decency . ''
Baker had said that while the Supreme Court has made reference to evolving standards , particularly when `` punishments are so disproportionate as to be cruel and unusual , '' the Arkansas death row inmates were unlikely to prevail .
The attorney general 's office says it will respond to the filing after full arguments are put before the appeals court .
While they rejected some of the inmates ' arguments , Baker said there was a significant possibility that the inmates could successfully challenge the state 's execution protocol based on other arguments . They said that while the state demonstrated it does not plan to torture the inmates , the inmates had a right to challenge the method of execution in an attempt to show it `` creates a demonstrated risk of severe pain . ''
A different federal judge has issued a stay for one of the eight condemned prisoners and the state Supreme Court has issued one for another inmate . The six remaining executions are on hold because of Baker 's order and because a state circuit judge in Little Rock ordered the state to not use a lethal injection drug until questions are settled on how the state obtained it .
That judge , Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen , has come under fire for taking part in anti-death penalty protests the same day after issuing their order stopping the use of the drug .
Arkansas has asked that the state Supreme Court reverse its decision halting the execution of Bruce Earl Ward , which was set for Monday . If it fails there , it can appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court . The state is also seeking to overturn Griffen 's order regarding the state 's supply of vecuronium bromide .
The 8th Circuit could take up the appeal of Baker 's order at any time . Any decision there would likely also be appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court .
On Sunday , a federal judge in western Arkansas rejected a separate stay request from death row inmate Don Davis , who was originally scheduled to be put to death Monday . But the ruling did not change the situation because Baker 's order had already halted all the executions .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The security chief for the head of the Environmental Protection Agency has been operating an outside consulting firm without proper approval from ethics officials , Democratic lawmakers said Tuesday .
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt last year tapped EPA special agent Pasquale `` Nino '' Perrotta to be their security chief and lead their 20-member personal protective detail . Perrota also is the top executive at Sequoia Security Group , a Maryland-based security firm .
Perrotta received clearance in March 2013 for limited non-government consulting work , but was required to get updated approval if their job duties changed . Perrotta received a significant promotion and pay raise last year .
The 2013 approval , which was in effect for a five-year period that expired last month , also barred Perrotta from using their government position to advance their personal interests .
The Associated Press reported in December that EPA paid $ 3,000 to contractor Edwin Steinmetz Associates last year to search Pruitt 's office for secret listening devices . Steinmetz is also listed as a vice president at Perrotta 's security firm .
Emails obtained by congressional Democrats showed that Perrotta played a role in the decision to conduct the bug sweep , the contract for which the lawmakers allege they improperly steered to Steinmetz .
Tuesday 's letter was signed by Democratic Sens . Tom Carper of Delaware and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island , who serve on a committee with oversight of EPA . They ask an agency ethics official to re-examine whether Perrotta 's outside employment violated agency rules .
Steinmetz found no listening devices . EPA 's Office of Homeland Security later determined the sweep was `` very basic and cursory '' and `` did not employ the equipment , proper certification , or necessary processes '' to be approved by the U.S. government for sensitive facilities , according to internal EPA documents .
In an interview with AP on Monday , Steinmetz defended the quality of their work .
The bug sweep was part of a larger push by Pruitt to enhance their personal security that included spending on first-class airfare they claim was justified after unpleasant interactions with other travelers . The Government Accountability Office found earlier this month that a $ 43,000 privacy booth bought for Pruitt to make private phone calls violated federal purchasing laws .
___
Follow Associated Press environmental reporter Michael Biesecker at http : //twitter.com/mbieseck
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( AP ) — A study has found that the Great Lakes of Huron and Michigan have surpassed Lake Superior in water clarity .
Source : LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
360Fresh : DreySungz – Rude Girl Love + Ragga Barz
Rude boy ( DREYSUNGZ ) turns up with a double reggae tune from their anticipating EP for their fans titled RUDE GIRL LOVE AND RAGGA BAR ' Z , one for the rude girls and the other for the rude boys , Believe me this jam will blow your mind unexpectedly . Listen up and enjoy !
https : //www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/DreySungz-Ragga-Barz.mp3
Note : There is a file embedded within this post , please visit this post to download the file .
https : //www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/DreySungz-Rude-Girl-Love.mp3
Note : There is a file embedded within this post , please visit this post to download the file .
The post 360Fresh : DreySungz – Rude Girl Love + Ragga Barz appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Wild bees , such as bumblebees , do n't get as much love as honeybees , but they should . They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits , vegetables , and wildflowers , and compared to managed colonies of honeybees , they 're in much greater jeopardy .
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids . What they found is n't pretty .
Neonics , as they 're often called , are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country , including corn , soybeans , and canola . These pesticides are `` systemic '' — they move throughout the growing plants . Traces of them end up in pollen , which bees consume . Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams .
The scientists , based at Royal Holloway University of London , set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens . They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam , and the amount of the pesticide , they say , was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to .
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs , compared to queens that were n't exposed to the pesticide . The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution .
`` Without the queen laying eggs , there is no colony , '' says Nigel Raine , one of the scientists who conducted the experiment . Raine helped start the experiment , but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada .
According to Raine and their colleagues , the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out .
`` To me , based on the data we have , it seems like quite a big impact , '' Raine says .
But they say scientists do n't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild , compared to other perils the bees face , such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food . `` I do n't think we have a really good handle on how important , say , nutrition limitation is — if they ca n't find the right flowers . Or parasite loads . I 'd say [ neonic exposure ] is important and significant , but other factors may be important and significant , too , '' they say .
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides . The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013 , and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent . Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions . They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds .
Mayweather , McGregor agrees to August super fight
Boxing legend Floyd Mayweather and mixed martial arts champion Conor McGregor — the kingpins of their respective sports — announced Wednesday they would fight on August 26 in Las Vegas .
The 40-year-old Mayweather announced the fight on their Instagram account with a graphic saying “ IT 'S OFFICIAL ! ! ! ” showing pictures of both fighters and listing Las Vegas as the location . McGregor sent out a tweet stating “ THE FIGHT IS ON. ” They also included photos of the pair .
MMA promoter Dana White said the bout would take place at the T-Mobile Arena and it would be a boxing match at 154-pounds with 10 ounce gloves .
“ We have been in negotiations for a while , ” White told American sports broadcaster ESPN . “ The negotiations went smooth . Floyd Mayweather surrounds themselves with smart people and we got the deal done . ”
McGregor is the top pay-per-view draw in UFC while Mayweather had been the moneyspinner in some of boxing 's biggest bouts , including matchups with Filipino legend Manny Pacquiao and US star Oscar De La Hoya . Mayweather earned $ 250 million for their fight against Pacquiao .
Neither Mayweather nor McGregor have competed this year . Mayweather retired from pro boxing in 2015 after defeating Andre Berto , while McGregor ( 21-3 ) defeated Eddie Alvarez in November 2016 .
White said the key to finalizing the fight was luring Mayweather out of their 23-month retirement .
“ Everybody is happy with this deal , ” White said . “ Nobody is bummed out . ”
The boxing format heavily favours the undefeated Mayweather ( 49-0 , 26 KOs ) who many consider to be the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world .
McGregor , a 28-year-old Irishman , will be entering unknown territory as they have not stepped in a boxing ring since they were a teenager .
Unknown territory
Despite having little or no boxing experience , White insists their MMA client McGregor is confident of victory . McGregor is UFC 's only simultaneous two-division champion .
“ He is absolutely , 100 percent positive they will win this fight . When two men step into the ring anything can happen , ” White said of southpaw McGregor .
There will , of course , be no titles on the line , but it is an opportunity for both to cash in financially .
The fight is expected to be a pay-for-view blockbuster , as organizers are hoping it can challenge the 4.6 million pay-per-view buys for Mayweather-Pacquiao .
Not everyone will be excited to see a Mayweather-McGregor exhibition match , especially considering that McGregor is a 25-1 underdog .
Boxing champion turned promoter De La Hoya said a fight between the two would be an embarrassment for the sport of boxing .
But the trash-talking Irishman has a dedicated fan base and knows how to sell tickets .
In their last fight , McGregor won the lightweight title from Alvarez in November 2015 in UFC 's first Madison Square Garden card .
At one time promoters were looking at a September 16 date for Mayweather-McGregor but it is now taken by a Canelo Alvarez-Gennady Golovkin middleweight world championship fight at T-Mobile Arena .
McGregor received a California boxing license last year but is still waiting for their Nevada boxing license application to be approved .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
As Maame Biney laces up their skates for one of their last practices before heading to the Winter Olympics , their mind drifts to their upcoming 18th birthday -- and the prospect of their first cell phone .
`` Dad says he 's going to get me one , '' they say , their permagrin on full display .
Rocking a jacket from the World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships in Austria , where their daughter snared bronze in the 500-meter , Kweku Biney leans against the protective padding surrounding the rink . Montell Jordan plays over the loudspeakers .
A single father , Kweku Biney has long been there for their daughter -- from the time they landed at Dulles after leaving their native Ghana at age 5 till now , as they make final preparations for the PyeongChang Games . On February 10 , when they become the first African-American woman to represent the United States in Olympic speed skating , he 'll be there , too .
`` Right , daddy ? '' Maame asks , fixed on the phone .
`` Somehow , '' they say , their voice barely audible over the drone of a Zamboni polishing the long track at the Utah Olympic Oval .
Maame -- pronounced `` MAH-may '' -- spins toward their fellow skaters , which include three-fifths of the men 's Olympic short-track team . `` You all just heard that ! ''
They needle their teammate . Heard what ? They did n't hear anything . They try to pull a reporter into their camp . Surely , someone heard it !
Kweku Biney 's smile widens .
`` Did I say that ? No one heard it , '' they say , laughing .
As Maame continues their preparations , strapping on their helmet and an `` E.T . '' glove with carbon-fiber bulbs at the tips of each finger , their father confides in the reporter .
`` Phones get them in trouble , but she 's mature , '' they say . `` Eighteen , you know ? ''
' A Maame laugh ... settles everyone down '
With power that belies their youth , Maame is America 's best hope for a medal in the 500 meters . They also qualified for the 1,500 , but their specialty is the shorter race . Maame jumps off the line like a sprinter , scrambling for the critical inside position . The E.T . glove gives them just enough leverage to glide through the turns , their shoulder maybe 2 feet from the ground .
It does n't take long to finish four-and-a-half laps of 111.111 meters each . If you 're watching , go to the bathroom at your own risk .
Coach Anthony Barthell , who 's known Maame since they were 11 , said they were a `` powerful little girl , '' oozing natural talent . Taller and stronger than their peers , she 's like no one he 's ever coached , they said , but they still have plenty of work to do on their technique -- that `` push '' skaters used to propel themselves to speeds of around 30 mph .
At trials in December , they won the finals by more than a half second , an eternity in speed skating . Them time of 43.161 is just over eight-tenths of a second off the world record set by British skater Elise Christie in 2016 . At 18 , Maame has ample time to close that gap . They beat their own personal best five or six times last year alone , Barthell said .
They have `` maybe one or two more Olympics in her , possibly three , '' the coach told CNN .
Yet Maame 's greatest contribution to Team USA is n't necessarily their athleticism . It may be their smile . We 're not talking some impish simper , oh no . We 're talking a toothy , 1,000-watt grin that blooms across most of their lower face .
Them positivity is boundless . Late last year , a Belgian skater 's 17½-inch blade snapped , flew into their face and ripped into their lip and chin , requiring stitches . But Maame did n't dwell on that . They took to Instagram . `` Who won ? You guys should see the blade , '' they posted .
`` I love having people smile and laugh because if you 're smiling and laughing , then that means you 're happy , and being happy ... is the best present you can ever give to anyone every single day , so I love doing that , '' they told CNN , a faint white battle scar on their chin .
Them hearty belly laugh , which resonates throughout the cavernous Olympic Oval , even over the Zamboni , plays into Barthell 's practices .
`` A Maame laugh , that just settles everyone down , '' they said after a recent practice . `` If I see that she 's tired and the morale 's starting to go down -- the team , the chemistry 's just a little low , the atmosphere 's a little low for me -- I 'll go up and crack a joke because I know it could be a horrible joke , but she 's going to be the one that laughs and everyone else starts recovering a little easier . ''
Them demeanor has n't changed much since they were an 11-year-old , said Barthell , who was named the US short track coach in 2016 .
`` I just remember them sitting there smiling and laughing and whenever I went to shake their hand , they just busted out laughing . That was my first impression of her , that she 's just a happy-go-lucky kid , and she 's still the same , '' they said . `` If she 's having a bad day , you ca n't really tell . ''
Maame said that at their high school in Reston , Virginia , where they call home , they were known for `` getting in trouble for laughing a lot . '' They said this while giggling .
That 's been less of an issue their senior year . Since summer , she 's been living with a host family while training for the 500 and 1,500 in Kearns , Utah , at a speed skating facility built for the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics . Though their father asked them to take a hiatus from school for the Olympics , they insisted on graduating with my friends .
They attend English and history classes , the final credits they need for graduation , via videoconference . At competitions , they watch recordings of the classes . They do homework between training sessions and regularly emails their teachers at South Lakes High School .
`` She 's an A and B student . If they study hard , they can make all As , but practice ... '' their father said , nodding toward the ice rink . `` She 's got to be a kid , too , sometimes , so I give them a pass . ''
From Accra to Reston
To say Maame 's path to speed skating excellence was circuitous or unlikely is to sell it short .
Kweku Biney , 59 , left Accra , Ghana , in the 1980s , hitchhiking north through the Sahara Desert and eventually landing in Alicante , Spain -- almost 2,300 miles away as the crow flies .
They bopped around Europe for a while -- to Sweden , Denmark , Norway and France -- before flying to the States in 1984 and settling in Hyattsville , Maryland .
Now separated , Kweku had two kids with their wife : Maame and their little brother , Nana Kojo , 15 , who still lives in Accra . Maame visited their dad for the first time in 2005 . It did n't begin well .
As Kweku drove them from the airport to their home in Wheaton , Maryland , Maame began bawling . They wanted to go home .
They explained that they could n't just get back on the plane : `` I have to make certain things happen before you can do that . ''
They stopped crying and Kweku continued driving , only to stop 3 miles down the road to console them again . Then again on the Beltway . And again at home . They decided not to get out of the car and instead drove them to Wheaton Plaza Mall ( now Westfield Wheaton ) .
`` The first store we went into was JCPenney . This girl saw how big the store is . They were just running all over . 'Daddy , I like this one . No , no , daddy , I do n't like this one . I like that thing over there , ' '' they recounted . `` I just folded my arms , stood up and just watched them just run back and forth . They got tired and I just went and bought them a few things . They stopped crying , and that was it .
`` The following day , this girl told me , 'Daddy , I 'm not going back to Ghana . ' ''
Kweku Biney was making the commute to a government healthcare contractor in Reston , the same company that employs them today . They and Maame moved into a coworkers ' basement to be closer to work and school , before finding an apartment in town .
'Let them go try speed skating '
About three months after Maame 's introduction to an American mall , Kweku was driving near SkateQuest in Reston , where they saw a sign : `` Learn to skate . ''
`` Maame , do you want to try this ? ''
`` What 's that , daddy ? ''
`` You know , just glide on the ice , move on the ice . ''
Maame responded with a blank look . Kweku did n't know much about skating , either . Soccer had always been their sport . But their daughter gave their dad a simple answer : `` Yes . ''
`` I do n't think they really understood what I 'm saying because they had never seen ice before , '' Kweku said . `` I was really scared because I thought they were going to fall and then break their head open because where we are from , there 's no ice . The only thing icy there is the cold beer . ''
Maame instantly fell in love with skating and `` did it with ease , '' Kweku said . It was n't long before an instructor told Kweku that Maame was n't cut out for figure skating . They were too fast .
`` Just let them go try speed skating , '' the instructor said .
The switch meant years of getting up before dawn on Saturdays . Kweku did n't appreciate their daughter 's dedication to the sport until that third Saturday . They were bushed and did n't want to get up .
`` She was 5 years old . They said , 'Daddy , it 's Saturday morning . We have to go ! ' and I was like , 'Oh man , I thought they were going to be sleeping . ' They are n't . They woke me up . And then we went , and I said , 'OK . ' I did n't miss any time anymore , '' the proud papa said . `` She 's been running away with this thing ever since . ''
There were times Kweku went hungry to make sure they ate . Pricey skates , lessons and equipment meant they were never able to put away much in savings .
`` I came to America with nothing , so when I die , I 'm not going to take anything with me , so hey , just spend it on her , '' they said .
Kweku thanks God for guiding them past that SkateQuest sign in 2005 , and they thank the United States for making Maame 's story possible .
`` Only in America , nowhere else , '' they said .
Asked how they feel about the political climate surrounding immigration , considering their immigrant daughter is set to proudly wear the red , white and blue in PyeongChang , they bristled . They do n't want Maame to be a pawn in anyone 's politics . They both love America . That 's all you need to know .
`` I told them to never get into politics . It 's a dirty business , '' they said . `` Sports , school , God -- that 's it . No politics . ''
'Just normal Maame '
Ask Maame about their aspirations and , as nonchalantly as some high schoolers might speak of being a doctor one day , she 'll say they want to be a chemical engineer , world speed skating champion and Olympic gold medalist . No big deal .
`` I really have an interest in making things explode , and I guess my dad , they told me a few years ago that they were into chemistry when they were a little kid , so I guess chemistry runs in the family , '' they said .
When they take the ice later this month , she 'll not only set precedent for African-American women , but she 'll be one of only four foreign-born US Olympians , the second-ever African-born US Olympian and the second African-American speedskater on a US Olympics team . Them pal , Shani Davis , who 's competing in their fifth Winter Olympics , was the first .
`` It 's a huge thing , '' they said , but they are n't hung up on the racial aspect of their accomplishments .
`` I have friends who accept me and who do n't think of me as being an African-American , '' they said . `` They just think of me as being normal Maame or being human . ''
To any youngsters their achievements might inspire , no matter their race , they have a message : `` Go out there , find an ice arena or ice rink , and just skate and try it out . ... You never know . You could be the next Olympian , which is an awesome thing to be . ''
'It was a graceful fall '
Maame realizes they would n't be among the world 's fastest speed skaters without their dad . They speak to their mother in Ghana about once a week , but Kweku plays both roles here at home . It can be tough , especially at their age , they said .
`` I like guys , and my dad , I 'm always going to be their little girl , and I think it 's a really awkward situation when you 're like , 'Hey daddy , I like this guy . What do you think and stuff ? ' It 's really hard to talk to them about it because he 's like , '' they break into their best Kweku impression . `` 'No , you 're going to get married when you 're 50 years old . ' All right , dad . OK . I see how it is . ''
But Kweku is n't one of these win-at-all-costs fathers . They want only what 's best for them and would prefer they worry about guys when she 's done with school and skating , they said .
The day before they won the 500 at the Olympic trials , Maame had what they felt was a poor run in the 1,500 . Where others might rejoice at finishing third and qualifying for an Olympic event , Maame has a tendency to get down on themselves and worry that people wo n't like them unless they skate well , they said .
Kweku knew what to say .
`` No matter what happens tomorrow , whether you get last or whether you get first , just know that I love you not because you 're a speed skater but because you 're Maame and you 're my daughter , '' they told them
They went on to win the trials before falling onto their rump while pumping their fists in celebration .
`` It was a graceful fall , '' their dad said , beaming .
Biney giddily recounted the moment . `` I was like , ' I made the team . Holy cow , I made the team ! ( Squeal ! ) ' And then I cheered so hard that I fell . ''
The graceful tumble and their post-race interview charmed everyone who saw them . Despite their maturity and speed , it felt like they might never relinquish them youth .
On the Wednesday before leaving for PyeongChang , Maame attended a short practice before hitting the stationary bike . It was a recovery day , and they were looking forward to some rare downtime . Kweku reminded them they had dinner plans with their host family that evening . They have no driver 's license , so they made sure they had transportation lined up .
They were headed to Park City to see a friend , they told him . Both of their birthdays are coming up , so they 'd agreed to pay for each other 's ticket , they said , laughing at the absurdity of it . They 'll grab grab a bubble tea -- taro with vanilla for Maame -- before catching the 4 o'clock showing of `` Jumanji . ''
Typical afternoon for a couple of kids .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
By Associated Press
BEIJING ( AP ) - An Australian citizen and former executive of the mining giant Rio Tinto was released from prison in Shanghai on Wednesday after serving a sentence on corruption charges , the Chinese foreign ministry said .
Stern Hu had been given a 10-year sentence after being convicted of accepting bribes and stealing trade secrets in 2010 . The case strained ties between Australia and its largest trading partner , China , whose legal system is often criticized for a lack of transparency and due process .
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said during a regular press briefing in Beijing that Hu 's sentence was reduced because of good behavior .
Hu 's `` lawful rights and interests in accordance with law '' were ensured during their prison sentence and their sentence was `` mitigated '' because they also observed China 's `` laws , regulations and disciplines , '' Lu said at a daily news briefing .
Hu led Rio Tinto 's iron ore operations in China before they and three Chinese colleagues were arrested in 2009 .
The case closely followed fraught negotiations between Rio Tinto and a Chinese state-owned company which ended after Rio abandoned a $ 19.5 billion deal . That fueled speculation that Hu and their colleagues were being targeted for retaliation , but China rejected the notion that the deal was a factor in the arrests .
Australia-China relations have been tense in recent months , as Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull proposed legislation on foreign interference amid accusations that Beijing was meddling in Australia 's domestic politics .
Australian foreign minister Julie Bishop said in a statement that they welcomed Hu 's release .
`` Australian consular officials in China will continue to provide consular assistance to Mr. Hu and their family for as long as it is needed , '' Bishop said .
Rio Tinto has head offices in both London and Melbourne .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . An agent the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives works with their dog near the site of Sunday 's explosion , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas . Fear escalated across Austin on Monday after the fourth bombing this ...
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . Officials work and stage near the site of Sunday 's explosion , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas . Police warned nearby residents to remain indoors overnight as investigators looked for possible links to other deadly package b ...
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . An Austin police officer talks with a woman at a barrier near the site of Sunday 's explosion , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas . Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night , and police warned nearby residents ...
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . Federal investigators work near the site of Sunday 's explosion , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas . Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night , and police warned nearby residents to remain indoors overnight as ...
By MATT SEDENSKY
AP National Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas , authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever 's behind the blasts : Talk to us .
The Austin police chief 's direct appeal , complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons , reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there 's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best . It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next .
`` It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person , '' said Randall Rogan , a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case . `` It gives ( perpetrators ) a sense of satisfaction , of pride , of accomplishment , that they are in charge . ''
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month , and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack . Unlike the previous bombings , which involved packages left on doorsteps , the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line . Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured .
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case .
Rogan said as time passes , it 's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition , something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communiqué or manifesto . They said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger .
`` This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future , '' Rogan said .
Robert Taylor , a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas , said eventually there will be a break in the case , but how long it will take remains to be seen .
`` Something will come up somewhere . It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator , or someone will just blab in a bar , '' they said .
For now , though , the police chief 's plea suggests they have n't reached that point .
`` It 's a sign there 's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person , '' Taylor said .
Every tiny piece of the bombs ' remnants , though , holds the potential to unlock the mystery .
Mary Ellen O'Toole , a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases , including the Unabomber , and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University , said because bombs require so many components , they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind .
`` They 're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber , '' they said of investigators .
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something - a hair , a skin fragment , a part of a fingerprint - that might lead to the perpetrator . Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires , tape , the skill and neatness in which they were constructed , and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is .
`` Even the way they bend or roll the wire , '' said Michael Bussell , a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University .
The Unabomber case , which launched with its first blast in 1978 , provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions .
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco , the big break in the case did n't come for 17 years , when they sent a 35,000-word manifesto . Even then , Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after their brother came forward to help authorities .
O'Toole said it 's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence , but that bombers share some characteristics . They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target . They enjoy the risk of it - not just the danger of building a bomb , but also of transporting it to neighborhoods where people live and they could easily be caught . And because the bombings have continued , they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again .
`` If this bomber is being motivated , in part , by the sense of power and control that they have holding the city of Austin in a state of fear , and depending on how addictive that feeling is , '' they said , `` that can be a strong contributor to theirs doing it again and not waiting a long period of time . ''
___
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky @ ap.org or https : //twitter.com/sedensky
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Jan Watt and Tom Marshall with the petitions they lodged with the council seven months ago . Ms Watt is frustrated there has been little communication since .
Jan Watt and Tom Marshall with the petitions they lodged with the council seven months ago . Ms Watt is frustrated there has been little communication since . Scott Kovacevic
ABSENCE has not made the heart grow fonder in the Mary Valley , with residents left frustrated their call to fix last year 's dump changes has again been left off Gympie Regional Council 's agenda .
Former councillor Jan Watt , who lodged two petitions of almost 1000 signatures with the council in October to protest a cut to opening hours of more than 200 , slammed what they said was continued silence on the matter .
`` Council still has not formally responded to the community 's petition , ” they said .
`` Does everyone else wait this long ?
`` Council 's community consultation processes are appalling .
`` The community has no idea as to whether they 've even considered the issue , and it is still a hot topic in the community .
`` The council seems entirely out of touch . ”
They said residents felt `` disenfranchised ” by the situation , and were frustrated by a lack of follow-through on a `` promise ” Mayor Mick Curran had made at a community meeting .
Imbil dump . Renee Albrecht
`` He said if there were any problems they would go back and change it , ” they said .
`` He has not fulfilled their promise to go back and fix the problem if the council got it wrong . ”
RELATED
A council spokesperson said the mayor and councillors did not yet have the data to inform a decision on the matter .
`` A report has not yet been compiled for council , ” they said .
`` Council is currently finalising a community survey to gather feedback and comments which will inform the report for Council on Waste Management Facilities .
`` Councillors require the data and survey to address the community 's concerns .
`` Once complete , this will be presented to council .
`` A date for completion has not been confirmed . ”
They said the council had met with Ms Watt in December to discuss the issue and was `` appreciative ” of the community 's concerns .
`` Council is still committed to addressing the region 's concerns and the survey is part of understanding the community 's needs across the region .
`` Council will use the information from the survey and waste management facility data collated as the basis for any decisions . ”
Seen anything good on the tele lately ... ? ! ? !
Me neither . That 's why I borrow films and tele series ' from the library ! It 's a much better way of being in control of what you 're actually watching during screen time , and you can tailor your viewing to perfectly suit your taste and your timetable , WIN-WIN and , no more infomercials ! !
And it 's really just about good old-fashioned storytelling is n't it ! ? For me , film and television is a coming-together of multiple artforms that , when it 's done well , has the ability to move you at a level many other artforms might not individually .
So here 's a list of the best films and series ' that I 've had the pleasure of viewing this year , so far - many more to come !
List created by DevilStateDan
These are the best films and television series ' that I have explored throughout the year so far , all available to you through Christchurch City Libraries membership .
Post WWII Estonia . The Germans are gone and the Russians are taking control . They 're especially interested in those Estonians that fought for the Germans and are systematically hunting them out . This story is about one such man , a world-class fencer who is concealing themselves as a sports teacher for a country college . This is a stunning and heartfelt film about humanity , strength , and love .
The fencer
A gripping story of a young black man heading away for a weekend with their as-yet un-met in-laws ... what comes after is a web of dark intrigue and something is definitely not right !
Get Out
Ever wanted to know more about the mysterious Hieronymus Bosch ? ! ? Then get a load of this - it 's a part of the 'Exhibition on Screen ' series that takes viewers on a tour of the works and life of some of history 's great artists . This one is all about Hieronymus Bosch and is surprising in its revelations about who they were and where their inspirations were drawn , plus you get up close with some of their most amazing works !
The Curious World of Hieronymus Bosch
The latest telling of the life , love , and music of the great jazz saxophonist , John Coltrane . Rare footage and loads of interviews with music legends that were close to him . They were truly a musical visionary and died at such a young age from liver cancer , it begs the questions of how much more impact could they have had on contemporary music ! ? A must-watch for all music fans !
Chasing Trane
An old man and their adult son go on a wine-tasting road trip around France in order to reconnect . Sounds normal , but this is French comedy and things get strange ! Good story ..
Saint Amour
I really liked this film - a Victorian Whodunnit ! I loved the Victorian era look of it , the clever direction , the story was weaving and uncertain - as it should be for a classic whodunnit ! And the acting was solid and dramatic without being over the top . It 's a small shame that I picked the killer in the first 20mins but I still liked the story and enjoyed it to the end !
The Limehouse Golem
A family of privileged white Americans meet for a very posh dinner to discuss an incident that involved their children . The details slowly emerge as the film unfolds and explores the issues of parenting , mental health , social navigations etc . Great performances from the four lead actors .
The Dinner
A short series about the engrossing world of metal detecting in rural Britain . Written and directed by Mackenzie Crook ( from the Office , and Pirates of the Caribbean ) , it 's full of pathos and at once hilarious , cringey-embarrassing , and full of heart . It 's about how even small lives are big and important and that everyone deserves to be happy . Highly recommended if you like British comedy
Detectorists
A dark and twisted crime series with an uniusual device ; the story is told in reverse . We begin with the outcome of a police investiagtion into a series of acid-burn murders , from there we go back in increments of hours/days as the foundations are explored and new light begins to show on reasons for behaviours evident earlier/later ... it 's a little confusing to explain so just watch it , it 's quality crime drama !
Rellik
A gloriously retro look at family life in the 1970 's Australia . Try to think of every brand name , in-safe parenting practice , cliché , and add a bit of over-styling and you 've got it . Loosely wrapped as a coming-of-age story , it centres around 3 Aussie families living , loving , and loafing . Very funny film , especially if you 've lived through some of these circumstances .
Swinging Safari
Kōrerorero mai - Join the conversation
MILWAUKEE — The Cardinals ' Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings in their return from Tommy John surgery , and Orlando Arcia hit a go-ahead single in a two-run seventh to lead the Milwaukee Brewers over St. Louis 3-2 on Wednesday .
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29 , 2016 , Reyes allowed three hits , struck out two and walked two .
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago , beating the Chicago Cubs three times and striking out 52 in 46 innings . Reyes felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals head orthopedic physician Dr. George Paletta .
Reyes , a 23-year-old right-hander , was 3-0 with a 0.00 ERA in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria , Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis . They struck out 44 in 23 innings .
Milwaukee , at 19-8 , set a team record for wins in May despite going 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position and stranding 12 runners .
Yelich hit into a run-scoring forceout to put Milwaukee ahead in the fifth , but the Cardinals took a 2-1 lead in the seventh against Jeremy Jeffress ( 5-0 ) on Harrison Bader 's fifth home run and Tommy Pham 's sacrifice fly .
Yelich drove Tyler Lyons ' first pitch of the seventh inning off the facing of the centre-field scoreboard , and Jesus Aguilar , Domingo Santana and Arcia singled off Sam Tuivailala ( 1-1 ) .
Alex Reyes , a 23-year-old rookie right-hander , was activated from the 60-day disabled list before the game . It was their first major-league appearance since Sept. 29 , 2016 . They worked out of bases-loaded jam in the second , scattered three hits , struck out two and walked two in four innings .
Brewers starter Junior Guerra allowed four hits in six scoreless innings . Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth , and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save in seven chances .
Dexter Fowler had three singles for the Cardinals .
CNN anchor Anderson Cooper and actor Kathy Griffin had `` special guests '' as they helped CNN 's audience welcome in the New Year .
Cooper and Griffin had puppets of themselves before the live televised audience in Times Square while viewers waited for the ball to drop in New York City .
`` I 've never felt this way about a puppet before , '' Cooper joked on camera . Griffin 's puppet teased Cooper 's puppet about drinking on camera .
`` I 'm trying to get fired by 9:05 p.m. , '' Cooper 's puppet shot back . Watch a clip from the interaction below courtesy of CNN .
U.S. hiring picked up in January and wages rose at the fastest annual pace since the recession ended , as the economy 's steady move toward full employment extended into 2018 .
Nonfarm payrolls rose 200,000 — compared with the median estimate of economists for a 180,000 increase — after an upwardly revised 160,000 advance , according to Labor Department figures released Friday . The jobless rate held at 4.1 % , matching the lowest since 2000 , while average hourly earnings rose a more-than-expected 2.9 % from a year earlier , the most since June 2009 .
Treasury yields and the dollar gained , while stock futures remained lower , as the data reinforced the Fed 's outlook for three interest-rate hikes this year under incoming Chairman Jerome Powell , including one that investors expect in March . The figures may also add to the likelihood of a fourth rate increase in 2018 .
The report puts the nation closer to maximum employment — one of the goals of the Federal Reserve — and sets a solid tone for hiring this year following continued gains in payrolls in 2017 . That could be starting to generate a long-awaited , sustained pickup in wages and boost demand in this expansion , which may also get a lift this year from tax-cut legislation signed by President Donald Trump in December .
“ The gain in wages will add to concerns that inflationary pressures are building in the economy , ” said Michael Feroli , chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co. , who correctly projected the payrolls gain . “ It solidifies expectations that the Fed will hike in March . The question is , what will they signal for hikes after that ? ”
The Labor Department 's figures included its annual benchmark update to the establishment survey , spanning payrolls , hours and earnings over the past five years .
Average hourly earnings rose 0.3 % from the prior month following an upwardly revised 0.4 % gain , the report showed . The 2.9 % advance from a year earlier — which partly reflected a downward revision to the January 2017 wage figure — compared with projections for a 2.6 % increase . December 's gain was revised upward to 2.7 % .
Durable Gains
Given the extent of revisions to past data , it may take some more time to determine whether wages — which have been the soft spot of an otherwise strong job market — are undergoing a more durable acceleration . During most of this expansion , businesses across the economy have largely resisted giving out more generous paychecks even as labor-market slack continued to diminish .
What Our Economists Say
“ The above-consensus payroll print and increase in average hourly earnings was partly tempered by a drop in the length of the workweek , which thereby weighs on aggregate income creation . However , elevated absences and curtailments due to inclement weather may have impacted the workweek , so the dip is likely to be temporary — and hence less troubling that what would otherwise be the case . The labor market is on solid footing , potentially accelerating , and on track to drive the unemployment rate lower in the near term . Lower unemployment and mounting wage pressures will test the Fed 's conviction to maintain its scheduled trajectory for rate increases in 2018 — particularly if the dollar continues to depreciate at a rapid pace. ” — Carl Riccadonna and Yelena Shulyatyeva , Bloomberg Economics
In addition , 18 states began the new year with higher minimum wages , and some companies have recently announced bonuses and salary increases following the passage of the tax-cut legislation . While determining the exact impact may be difficult , economists expect these developments will boost worker pay in 2018 .
Faster wage growth also has the potential to feed into price gains . This week , Fed policymakers left borrowing costs unchanged while adding emphasis to their plan for more hikes at a gradual pace . They also said inflation is expected to move up this year and to stabilize around their goal .
Revisions to prior reports subtracted a total of 24,000 jobs to payrolls in the previous two months , as November 's total was changed to 216,000 from 252,000 , according to the report .
For all of 2017 , the picture was more positive , with 2.17 million created in Trump 's first year as president , revised from a previous estimate of 2.06 million . In 2016 , the last full year under President Barack Obama , the total was 2.34 million jobs .
Broad Strength
The breakdown of January data across industries showed strength across industries , especially in goods-producing jobs : Construction payrolls rose by 36,000 and manufacturing added 15,000 workers . That 's in line with the resurgence in factory activity and rebound in housing .
Service providers added 139,000 employees . Retailers increased headcounts by 15,400 positions in January , following a 25,600 decrease . The category of warehousing and storage — partly associated with Internet shopping — added 11,100 jobs , the report showed .
One weaker spot in the report was the average workweek for all private employees , which unexpectedly decreased to 34.3 hours from 34.5 hours .
Adjustments to population estimates starting in January make the unemployment and participation rates difficult to compare with previous months . When removing these adjustments , the labor force rose by 185,000 .
Other Details
The U-6 , or underemployment rate , rose to 8.2 % from 8.1 % . That measure includes part-time workers who 'd prefer a full-time position and people who want a job but are n't actively looking . … People working part-time for economic reasons rose by 74,000 to 4.99 million in January , though months are n't directly comparable . … The participation rate was unchanged at 62.7 % . The rate , hovering near the lowest level since the 1970s , will continue facing downward pressure as older workers retire . … Total private employment rose by 196,000 ( above the estimate of 181,000 , after increasing 166,000 . Government payrolls rose by 4,000 . … The number of people out of work for 27 weeks or longer , or the so-called long-term unemployed , fell as a share of all jobless to 21.5 % from 22.9 % . … Economists reckon monthly payroll gains of about 100,000 are enough to keep pushing down the unemployment rate , which is derived from a separate Labor Department survey of households .
By Shobhana Chandra , with assistance from Chris Middleton .
Zverev never trailed against the third-ranked Federer on Sunday and displayed a powerful serve and a deft touch at the net . They won 75 percent of service points in handing Federer , 36 , their third loss of the season .
Federer acknowledged Zverev 's control of the game from start to finish .
“ I wanted to fight a bit more and make the match a bit tighter , ” they said . “ I had opportunities . But Zverev played extremely well . They played well all week . ”
Zverev was hesitant to place themselves on the same level as Federer , Nadal , Murray and Djokovic .
“ I do n't think I 'm part of the big four because they 've won too much in the history of tennis , ” Zverev said . “ They won too many Grand Slams . ”
But Zverev has won five tournaments this season , including four since May . At the Rome Masters on clay , they beat Djokovic , then ranked No . 2 , in straight sets to take the title . A month later on grass , Zverev reached the final at the Gerry Weber Open in Halle , Germany , losing to Federer in straight sets .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ Obviously the Rome title was a big one , ” Zverev said last week . “ I did n't expect it . You know , I knew that I could beat the best players in the world , and I 've shown that over several weeks this year . I 'm happy where I am . ”
Zverev 's performance this season also puts them in the elite company of Djokovic , Nadal , Andy Roddick and Lleyton Hewitt — all players who also won at least four titles before turning 21 years old . Perhaps not coincidentally , each of those four players spent significant time ranked No . 1 in the world .
The next stop for Zverev is the Cincinnati Masters this week . They acknowledged that given the amount of tennis they have played in recent weeks , they may not be at full strength in Ohio .
“ Cincinnati is a very tough draw , ” they said . “ I got to regroup and refocus and try to do well there , as well . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They added , “ I do n't know if I will be able to go far there because I am a little bit tired . ”
Regardless of their results in Cincinnati , Zverev will be among the favorites at the United States Open , which begins Aug. 28 .
They are still awaiting their Grand Slam breakthrough . Their best result in nine career majors is reaching the round of 16 at Wimbledon this year . They have only one main-draw victory at the United States Open .
“ Game-wise and confidence-wise , I 'm superhappy the way everything is standing , ” Zverev said .
“ I feel like I 'm playing the right tennis , well enough tennis to be there . I do n't feel like things are going unnatural . I think , like , everything is going pretty natural . ”
Midwest Banks Benefiting From Diverse Economic Bases
Damon DelMonte , Director , joined Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , Inc. 's Hartford office in 2003 and is currently responsible for equity research coverage of regional banks primarily in the Midwest region of the United States , but also for a handful of banks in the Northeast . During their first decade at KBW , Mr. DelMonte 's coverage was primary focused on Northeast banks ; however , after Stifel Financial 's acquisition of KBW in 2013 their coverage shifted to covering mainly banks in the Midwest . Prior to joining KBW , Mr. DelMonte was an Investment Analyst at The Hartford Investment Management Company where they assisted in the management and analysis of both investment portfolios and direct hedge fund investments . Mr. DelMonte holds an MBA in finance from The University of Connecticut and a B.S . in finance from Bryant University . They have been quoted in newspapers worldwide and in such publications as the American Banker , SNL Financial , Boston Globe , Dow Jones and other various business journals . Profile
Mr. DelMonte : I cover 25 banks across the Midwest predominantly . I cover four banks in
At 6PM on December 21 , 2017 , the Photographic Society of Chattanooga will hold its annual Christmas banquet at St. John United Methodist Church Community Activity Center . The dinner is fully catered , which requires that reservations are made by December 15 , 2017 , and the fee is $ 15/person . The entries for the annual contest will play during dinner with the winners announced after dinner . A SCIPE presentation of local winners will also be shown .
Transcript for New guidelines for colonoscopy screenings lower age to 45 from 50
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths behind lung cancer . The current guidelines recommend that those at average risk for colon cancer have their first colonoscopy at the age of fifty . That has worked well with the risk of colon cancer in those over 65 . Now down by 13 . The unexpected problem . Younger adults from 1990 forward to 2014 . The rate of new colon and rectal cancer increased by 51 % . In those under 55 . Using a statistic based model researchers have determined that you ideal time to begin screening . It 's a time that could add the most overall light years and use all available screening tests colonoscopy school testing and CT call and I 'll Griffey . The model shell that starting colonoscopy earlier at the age of 45 . Increased life yours by six point 2 % compared to be getting at fifty as we do now . The tests should still be repeated every ten years a must otherwise medically indicated . There were no other changes made to other screening tests . This new guideline could be as effective against colon cancer for the young as it was for those who are older . Sort hearing your mid forties do n't be alarmed at this is mentioned that your next doctor 's visits and as it is n't drink enough yourself . With this medical minute I 'm Stephanie Ramos ABC news .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
A missing Pennsylvania student has been found dead in Bermuda , local police said in a press conference Monday .
Mark Dombroski , 19 , was last seen early Sunday morning at a bar , a representative from Bermuda Police Services said .
Dombroski 's body was found “ in a moat ” at Fort Prospect in Devonshire , Bermuda , acting Assistant Commissioner of Police James Howard said .
“ Foul play is not ruled out right now , ” Howard , said . “ The forensic officers are there . They 're assessing the scene , assessing the body . ”
Google Maps
Howard would not confirm who found Dombroski 's body , but did say officers were on the scene . They also said the body was found close to police headquarters but not on police property .
Dombroski was on the island to compete with Saint Joseph 's University 's rugby team in a competition , the university confirmed to ABC News .
`` We extend our deepest sympathies to the Dombroski family along with Mark 's teammates , classmates and friends , ” the university said in a statement . “ Saint Joseph 's students in need of counseling or ministry have been informed of available services . The circumstances of Mark 's death are still under investigation by the [ Bermuda Police Services ] . ”
Prior to their disappearance , Dombroski was at the Dog House , a bar on Front Street in Devonshire , Howard said .
SJU Rugby Team
Officials used CCTV footage to track their movements after leaving the bar .
When asked if Dombroski got into an argument at the bar and refused taxi money from friends , Superintendent Sean Field-Lament said it was too early in the investigation to comment .
Dombroski 's mother , Lisa Dombroski , said at the press conference Monday that they had reviewed the security footage and it looked like their son “ was not feeling well ” from a shoulder injury they sustained in the rugby competition . They added that it looked like “ he wanted to get going ” and go back to the hotel .
SJU Rugby Team
Officials said the incident is still under investigation .
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Australia 's Alex Lahey emerged themselves as an artist to keep an eye on last year with their exciting debut record I Love You Like A Brother , which generated enough buzz to get Lahey their US television debut on Late Night With Seth Meyers . Now that their Huge And True tour kicks off tomorrow , they have shared a video for the album 's title track , and as you 'd expect , it pays homage to their relationship with their brother , mixing video of the two growing up during their salad days with more recent footage , in which they still pal around like they always have .
Lahey was sure to give a shout out to their mother for digging through old home videos to find the footage used in this clip , saying :
“ There was no way I could make a clip for ‘ I Love You Like A Brother ' without having my brother Will involved . Props to our mum , Vicki , for trawling through old VHS recordings of us as little kids and finding some of the finest peanut butter toast based footage . If you 're going to do anything after watching this clip , give your little brother or your big sister a call just to say hi . ”
Watch the “ I Love You Like A Brother ” video above , check out Lahey 's upcoming tour dates below , and read our interview with Lahey here .
PITTSBURGH — The Pittsburgh Steelers are ditching their `` bumble bee '' throwback uniforms for something with a more 1970s feel .
The team announced Wednesday it will wear replica jerseys of the 1978 and 1979 clubs that won back-to-back Super Bowls when the Steelers host the Cleveland Browns on Oct. 28 . Team president Art Rooney II said the choice of using the '78-79 jersey was fitting . The franchise will spend the next two seasons honouring the 40th anniversary of the teams that pushed Pittsburgh 's Super Bowl total during the 1970s to four .
The move means the Steelers are ending the use of their 1933 throwbacks that featured black-and-gold horizontal stripes that made the team resemble a pack of bees .
___
Tuesday evening turned out to be a monumental moment in the ongoing hip-hop beef between Drake and Pusha T , and Lonzo Ball was there for it . The Los Angeles Lakers star , who 's long been Drake supporter and first showed off their own rapping skills over “ Free Smoke , ” took to Twitter shortly after Pusha T released their diss track , entitled “ The Story of Adidon , ” to react with a single emoji .
😳 — Lonzo Ball ( @ ZO2_ ) May 30 , 2018
[ WARNING : The video below contains language that is NSFW . ]
Considering how inflammatory Push gets in their latest song , it 's a wonder Zo did n't explode with even a few more characters . Perhaps , then , this is just another mark of Lonzo 's poise and composure under explosive circumstances .
Tents ..... 1 person or 2 ? Like the title states , I am interested in what y'all have to say about a 1 person vs. a 2-person tent ? I have plans to go on my first `` backpack '' hunt in Wyoming this year . For the weight savings , I like the 1 person . I like the idea of sleeping with my hunting gear inside the tent and safe from the elements , which directs me to a 2-person tent . So , what are you guys using and why ?
Thanks in advance .
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
As East Timor went to elections this year , the country was the most peaceful and united it had been in its short history . The CNRT-Fretilin government of national inclusion had functioned well , it appeared that the ‘ Generation of ‘ 75 ' exemplified by Xanana Gusmao , was stepping back from politics and , with the initialing of an agreement with Australia on the Timor Sea , the future looked positive .
Gusmao elevated Fretilin member Rui Araujo to become prime minister and then supported Fretilin 's Francisco ‘ Lu-Olo ' Guterres to be elected president . The widespread expectation was that , after the elections , Fretilin and CNRT would again form another government of national inclusion .
Within a few short months of that sense of wellbeing , East Timor is again on the brink of civil discord . Prime Minister Mari Alkatiri is refusing to allow parliament to sit as they claim that the opposition , led by Xanana Gusmao , is trying to stage a ‘ coup ' .
Prior to the elections , it was expected that , with a Fretilin President , Fretilin would be given the opportunity to form government if it achieved the largest number of votes . It did , by 0.2 per cent over CNRT , reflecting a substantial drop in support for CNRT . Both parties achieved just under 30 per cent of the vote , meaning that together they could form a majority government or would need to form alliances with minor parties to do so .
On the strength of a 0.2 per cent majority , Alkatiri claimed the prime ministership , breaking the understanding they had with Gusmao that this position would be handed to a younger politician . Indeed , given Gusmao 's support for Fretilin 's Araujo and Lu-Olo , CNRT might have expected a quid pro quo arrangement with one of its own nominated as PM . That did not occur .
Under East Timor 's constitution , the party that wins the most votes , even without a majority , can be asked to form government . As a result the president announced that Fretilin would form government and Alkatiri announced that they would be prime minister . Weeks of difficult negotiations followed , in which CNRT refused to join Fretilin under Alkatiri and — after reaching agreement to form a coalition , the People 's Liberation Party ( PLP ) and a youth-based party , KHUNTO — chose to stay out . The Democratic Party , historically hostile towards Fretilin , finally agreed to join it in a minority government .
In response , CNRT , PLP and KHUNTO convened themselves as the Parliamentary Majority Alliance , holding 35 of the parliament 's 65 seats , and asked the president to appoint them as the government . But Fretilin had already been appointed , so AMP went into hard opposition , using its numbers to vote down the government program , including its budget .
Under East Timor 's constitution , if the government program is voted down a second time , the president must dismiss the government . The constitution implies that the government program should be re-presented to parliament within 30 days of its initial rejection . That date came and went three weeks ago .
The parliament is , however , still required to meet , at which time the AMP opposition was expected to put a motion of no confidence in the President of the Parliament ( the Speaker ) for failing to convene parliament . Prime Minister Alkatiri responded by saying that the AMP opposition is illegally constituted – although there 's nothing to suggest this is the case , that it is trying to stage a ‘ coup ' and that parliament will therefore not reconvene .
Alkatiri 's use of the term ‘ coup ' has further inflamed already heightened tensions . They had earlier said , in response to this showdown : ‘ while some dance in parliament , we shall dance on the streets ' , implying that parliamentary blockages would be met by street protests . The AMP opposition similarly accuses the government of being unconstitutional . Both sides of parliament , and their supporters , are now deeply — and seemingly irrevocably — entrenched .
The last time that Alkatiri used the term ‘ coup ' was at the end of their first term as prime minister , which ended in widespread violence , destruction and the return to East Timor of international peacekeepers . At best , now , parliament will at some point reconvene , if only to guarantee supply into the new year ahead of what will almost inevitably be fresh elections , probably in April .
The bitterness that again characterises East Timor 's politics means that such elections , and the lead-up to them , are less likely to reflect the peace and harmony that characterised those of 2017 . More likely , and less helpfully , East Timor 's politics is looking much more like that of 2006-07 .
The alternative is that parliament does not reconvene and there are no elections . This suggests that the matter will end with what Alkatiri euphemistically called ‘ dancing in the streets ' .
Damien Kingsbury is professor of international politics at Deakin University , and coordinator of the largest international election observer mission to East Timor 's 2017 elections .
Investors Shift To Low Priced Stocks On Higher Yield
Investors appeared to be showing increasing consideration for low-priced equities , otherwise known as penny stocks , as steep decline in share prices and encouraging earnings by small and mid-tier companies enhance the attractiveness of these companies .
Penny stocks in the capital market parlance are equities with relatively lower prices , in which investors can make money quickly in terms of capital appreciation or better returns in terms of dividend or bonus issues .
Low-priced stocks have accounted for average of 40 per cent of weekly transactions at the stock market in recent months , with penny stocks dominating the activities charts every week .
Trading reports at the Nigerian Stock Exchange ( NSE ) showed that penny stocks have been the most active stocks over the weeks , in what market analysts regarded as a shift of emphasis from liquidity to potential for higher dividend yield and capital appreciation .
In the immediate past week , three stocks which trade between 50 kobos and around N1 were the most active . The trio of Fidelity Bank , FCMB Group and Standard Trust Assurance Plc accounted for 57.1 per cent of total turnover volume at the Exchange . The three financial services companies recorded turnover of 679.949 million shares worth N639.862 million in 1,622 deals , representing 57.06 per cent and 10.60 per cent of the total equity turnover volume and value respectively . Total turnover for the four-day trading session stood at 1.19 billion shares worth N6.04 billion in 11,820 deals .
The managing director , Cowry Asset Management Limited , Mr. Johnson Chukwu , said the shift to low-priced stocks was driven by expectation of higher returns by investors as many low-priced stocks have braced the odds to declare impressive earnings .
They pointed out that the dividend recommendations by Fidelity Bank and FCMB Group had salutary effect on transactions on low-priced stocks . Fidelity Bank , which was trading at 80 kobos , declared a dividend per share of 14 kobos , representing a dividend yield of 17.5 per cent , substantially higher than returns by many fixed-income securities . FCMB Group , which had traded around same 80 kobos , declared a dividend per share of 10 kobos , representing a dividend yield of 12.5 per cent .
Also , the chief operating officer , GTI Capital Group , Mr Kehinde Hassan , said investors have seen the potential for higher returns by low-priced stocks and were taking early positions ahead of the first quarter earnings .
With most of the financial services stocks leading the penny stocks rally , financial services sector last week accounted for 85.1 per cent and 50.9 per cent of total turnover volume and value respectively . Financial services sector recorded a turnover of 1.01 billion shares valued at N3.07 billion in 6,700 deals .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
KINGSTON , Ont . — Police say a man officers found covered in blood and windshield washer fluid told a gas station attendant to call 911 before they began a violent outburst .
It 's alleged the man went to the Kingston , Ont. , gas station around 3 a.m. on Tuesday , began kicking the door and told the attendant to call 911 .
Police say they then allegedly started throwing jugs of washer fluid , smashing them off the store and ground .
Police say the man , covered in blood , sweat and washer fluid , was smashing another container when officers arrived .
Welland native and dual-sport standout Lauren Frasca is staying home to play basketball and soccer at the post-secondary level .
Frasca , 17 , will enroll in the fitness and health promotion program at Niagara College after graduating from Notre Dame College School .
“ Attending Niagara College is a great opportunity to compete in both basketball and soccer for a post-secondary school that is highly regarded for their academic and athletic programs , ” they said . “ The school is also close to home , meaning family and friends are always close by for encouragement and support . ”
Frasca brings the Knights a resume that also includes numerous high-level track and field and sportsmanship awards .
“ My goals are to complete my education while maintaining my passion for both basketball and soccer , ” they said . “ I also want to become a stronger threat offensively because I have always been very defensive-minded , but I really want to ensure I am contributing at both ends . ”
Frasca played basketball at the club level in the Welland Warriors system , and they competed on the pitch for the Niagara Regional Soccer Program . They are a two-time Ontario Basketball Association Division II champion with the Warriors .
“ Lauren is an outstanding athlete that we are pleased to welcome to the Knights family , ” Niagara College women 's basketball head coach Mike Beccaria said . “ We love their competitiveness and their ability to attack the rim . ”
“ We are projecting them to be a very good defensive player at the OCAA level . ”
Before taking the court with the Knights women 's basketball program , Frasca will flex their prowess at the right fullback position for Niagara 's women 's soccer team beginning in August .
“ Lauren is a very skilled defensive player with good game sense , ” said Rob Lalama , incoming head coach of the women 's soccer team . “ She has tremendous speed on defense with the ability to shut down primary attackers . ”
“ She brings physicality and aggressiveness to our back line , and is also capable of jumping into the attack . ”
Getty Image
Pretty much everyone in the boxing world agrees that Conor McGregor stands no chance against Floyd Mayweather in their big boxing superfight on August 26th . No matter what freaky style and power McGregor brings into the ring , the consensus is that Mayweather is simply too good to beat . You 'd think that would result in a ton of people betting a lot of money on Floyd , but that 's not really the case thus far . Last time we checked , one sportsbook was seeing over 90 % of bets coming in for McGregor .
That may be because you have to bet a ridiculous amount of money on Floyd Mayweather to get any kind of decent return . Floyd is currently a -550 favorite , which means you need to bet $ 550 to win $ 100 . That 's enough to make a lot of more casual bettors think twice about dumping in large sums of money , but those that are betting on Mayweather are betting big . Way big .
OJB Jezreel – Gone But Never Forgotten !
Today marks the one year anniversary since singer-songwriter and record producer Babatunde Okungbowa , popularly known by their stage name OJB Jezreel or OJB passed away of kidney disease . Our thoughts and prayers remain with their family and friends . May their soul continue to rest in perfect peace .
The post OJB Jezreel – Gone But Never Forgotten ! appeared first on BellaNaija .
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork/AP ) — Major League Baseball is working to finalize a two-game series between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox at London 's Olympic Stadium on June 29-30 in 2019 , the sport 's first regular-season games in Europe .
The Red Sox have the option of having both games be Boston home games , a person familiar with the planning told The Associated Press . The person spoke on condition of anonymity Monday because no announcement had been made .
Baseball officials have long hoped for games on London and settled last year on Olympic Stadium , which is in its second season as home of West Ham of the Premier League . Because it originally was built for a 400-meter track , it is wider than other large stadiums in the London area and can best accommodate the dimensions of a baseball field .
MLB chose the June window because it is after the Premier League season and before the stadium must be made available for summer track and field events . MLB hopes to make an announcement within the next two months .
Each player would get $ 60,000 for participating in the games , according to the collective bargaining agreement .
MLB is playing regular-season games in San Juan , Puerto Rico , and Monterrey , Mexico , this year .
Baseball opened its season at Monterrey in 1999 ( Colorado vs. San Diego ) ; the Tokyo Dome in 2000 ( Chicago Cubs-New York Mets ) , 2004 ( Tampa Bay-Yankees ) , 2008 ( Boston-Oakland ) and 2012 ( Seattle-Oakland ) ; and at Sydney , Australia in 2014 ( Los Angeles Dodgers-Arizona ) . The collective bargaining agreement had a provision for a 2019 opener in Toyko .
Additional regular-season games were played at Monterrey in 1996 ( San Diego-Mets ) ; and at San Juan in 2001 ( Toronto-Texas ) , 2003-04 ( a total of 43 Montreal home games ) and 2010 ( Mets-Florida Marlins ) .
( © Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Christian Picciolini says they were a `` lost and lonely '' teenager when they were recruited by a white nationalist group . Picciolini immersed themselves in the organization 's ideology and by age 16 , they had emerged as the leader of a group called the Chicago Area Skinheads . They even helped recruit others to the cause . That is until , they say , they had an awakening after the birth of their first child .
Picciolini says they renounced ties to the Neo-Nazi movement in 1996 when they were 22 years old . They went on to co-found a group called Life After Hate and wrote a book entitled Romantic Violence : Memoirs Of An American Skinhead .
Now the reformed white nationalist runs a nonprofit that advocates for peace .
Picciolini understands all too well the type of anger that was on display in Charlottesville , Va. , over the weekend .
They spoke with NPR 's Stacey Vanek Smith about their reaction to what unfolded , and about the divisiveness that 's been growing in country over the past several months .
Here are interview highlights
On what their reaction was as they watched the events unfold
It was both disheartening to me but also unfortunately , not a surprise because my organization and myself have been warning about this specific situation for many , many years . You know when we left the movement 30 years ago and have spent the last 20 or so years trying to help people disengage from these extremists groups . We 've also seen that underground this has been growing , but it 's also been shape shifting . It 's gone from what we would have considered very open neo-Nazis and skinheads and KKK marching , to now people that look like our neighbors , our doctors , our teachers , our mechanics . And it 's certainly starting to embolden them because a lot of the rhetoric that 's coming out of the White House today is so similar to what we preached ... but in a slightly more palatable way .
On the the car plowing into people and why they think someone would do that
I think ultimately people become extremists not necessarily because of the ideology . I think that the ideology is simply a vehicle to be violent . I believe that people become radicalized , or extremist , because they 're searching for three very fundamental human needs : identity , community and a sense of purpose .
If , underneath that fundamental search is something that 's broken — I call them potholes — is there abuse or trauma or mental illness or addiction ? In my case , many years ago , it was abandonment . I felt abandoned , and that led me to this community . But what happens is because there are so many marginalized young people , so many disenfranchised young people today with not a lot to believe in , with not a lot of hope , they tend to search for very simple black and white answers .
Because of the Internet , we now have this propaganda machine that is flooding the Internet with conspiracy theory propaganda from the far right — disinformation — and when a young person who feels disenchanted , or disaffected , goes online where most of them live , they 're able to find that identity online .
They 're able to find that community , and they 're able to find that purpose that 's being fed to them by savvy recruiters who understand how to target vulnerable young people . And they go for this solution because , frankly , it promises paradise . And it requires very little work except for dedicating your life to that purpose .
But I can say that they 're all being fooled , because the people at the very top have an agenda . And it 's a broken ideology that can never work , that in fact , is destroying people 's lives more than the promise that they were given of helping the world or saving the white race .
On Charlottesville as a turning point for this country politically and philosophically
I believe that the world has now seen what we have been sweeping under the rug for many many years — thinking we were in a post-racial society . ... I think that this catalyst shows the world 1 . That it 's a problem , a real problem that exists in our country ; 2 : that white extremism should be classified as terrorism , and now that we attached the terrorism word to it , it will get more resources . It will be at the top of people 's minds .
What people need to understand is that since Sept. 11 , more Americans have been killed on U.S. soil by white supremacists than by any other foreign or domestic group combined by a factor of two . Yet we do n't really talk about that , nor do we even call these instances of the shooting at Charleston , S.C. , or what happened at Oak Creek , Wis. , at the Sikh temple or even what happened in Charlottesville this weekend — as terrorism .
NPR 's Dustin DeSoto contributed to this report . NPR 's Denise Guerra edited audio for this story . NPR 's Maquita Peters produced this story for the Web .
Copyright 2017 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
STACEY VANEK SMITH , HOST :
We 're talking with someone now who knows a bit about the anger and divisiveness on display yesterday . Christian Picciolini says they were lost and lonely when they were recruited into a white supremacist group as a teenager . They immersed themselves in the group 's ideology . And by age 16 , they have - they had emerged as a leader of the group called the Chicago Area Skinheads , and they recruited others to the cause . That is until , they say , they had an awakening after the birth of their first child . They renounced ties to the neo-Nazi movement in 1995 at age 22 and went on to co-found a group called Life After Hate . They also wrote a book called `` Romantic Violence : Memoirs Of An American Skinhead . '' Christian , thanks for joining us today .
CHRISTIAN PICCIOLINI : It 's my pleasure , Stacey . Thank you .
SMITH : So as you were watching the events unfolding in Charlottesville over the past 48 hours , what was your reaction ?
PICCIOLINI : Well , it was both disheartening to me but also unfortunately not a surprise because my organization and myself have been warning about the specific situation for many , many years . You know , when we left the movement 30 years ago and have spent the last 20 or so years trying to help people disengage from these extremist groups , we 've also seen that underground that this has been growing , but it 's also been shapeshifting .
It 's gone from what we would have considered very open neo-Nazis and skinheads and KKK marching to now people who look like our neighbors or doctors or teachers or mechanics . And it 's certainly starting to embolden them because of a lot of the rhetoric that 's coming out of the White House today is so similar to what we preached and what they preached but in a slightly more palatable way .
SMITH : There has been a lot of speculation about that moment in Trump 's speech yesterday when they condemned the violence happening on , quote , `` many sides . '' What did you think when you heard that ?
PICCIOLINI : Oh , I heard right away . And I was watching the television with my wife sitting next to me . And the first thing I said was - is they are calling out the left-wing protesters as the violent ones . Because that 's a common tactic from white supremacist or white nationalist groups is to claim that they 're the oppressed , to claim that white males are the ones who are being the most oppressed in this country today and that , in fact , everybody else is a hater .
So when I heard them say , you know , we condemn the violence from the haters and from all sides , I knew that they were avoiding saying neo-Nazis or white nationalists simply because so many of their supporters are from that movement . I 'm not saying that everybody is , you know . Whatever somebody voted for politically is their business and they 're allowed to do that . However , we have to acknowledge the fact that so many white supremacists , known white supremacists have come out in support publicly for the president . And , in fact , after the events of yesterday , are even praising the president for supporting them and not attacking them personally .
SMITH : Well , let me ask you about the incident with that car plowing into the anti-racism protesters . The name of the suspect has been released , James Alex Fields Jr. We still have a lot to learn about him . And there is a lot of speculation going on right now about what would have caused someone to do something like that , to drive a car into a group of people . What are your thoughts ?
PICCIOLINI : You know , I think ultimately , people become extremists not necessarily because of the ideology . I think that the ideology is simply a vehicle to be violent . I believe that people become radicalized or extremists because they 're searching for three very fundamental human needs - identity , community and a sense of purpose . If underneath that fundamental search is something that 's broken - I call them potholes . Is there abuse or trauma or mental illness or addiction ? In my case many years ago , it was abandonment . I felt abandoned , and that led me to this community .
But what happens is because there are so many marginalized young people , so many disenfranchised young people today with not a lot to believe in , with not a lot of hope , they tend to search for very simple black and white answers . Because of the Internet , we now have this propaganda machine that is flooding the Internet with conspiracy theory propaganda from the far-right , disinformation . And when a young person who feels disenchanted or disaffected goes online , where most of them live , they 're able to find that identity online .
They 're able to find that community , and they 're able to find that purpose that 's being fed to them by savvy recruiters who understand how to target vulnerable young people . And they go for this solution because , frankly , it promises paradise . And it requires very little work except for dedicating your life to that purpose . But I can say that they 're all being fooled because the people at the very top have an agenda , and it 's a broken ideology that can never work , that , in fact , is destroying people 's lives more than the promise that they were given of helping the world or saving the white race .
SMITH : Can Charlottesville become a turning point for this country , do you think , politically and philosophically ?
PICCIOLINI : Absolutely . I believe that the world has now seen what we have been sweeping under the rug for many , many years , thinking we were in a post-racial society . And I think that this catalyst shows the world , one , that it 's a problem , a real problem that exists in our country . Two , that white extremism should be classified as terrorism . And now that we 've attached a terrorism word to it , it will get more resources . It will be at the top of people 's minds .
What people need to understand is that since 9/11 , more Americans have been killed on U.S. soil by white supremacists than by any other foreign or domestic terrorist group combined by a factor of two . Yet we do n't really talk about that , nor do we even call these instances of the shooting in Charleston or what happened in Oak Creek , Wis. , at the Sikh temple or even what happened in Charlottesville this weekend as terrorism .
SMITH : Well , you work with a lot of these young people who have been associated with white nationalist groups in your group Life After Hate . What do you tell them ?
PICCIOLINI : You know , I listen more than I speak . And when I listen for is the potholes , the ones that I mentioned before . You know , were they abused ? Is there addiction ? Is there a mental health issue ? Are they just simply disconnected and have never had the time to have a meaningful interaction with somebody they claim to hate ? But as I listen , then I start to fill in those potholes with services , whether it 's mental health therapy . But to challenge the ideology .
What I do after working on the person , on the human , to make them more resilient and more whole so that they do n't have to blame the other , is I 'll immerse them in situations that challenge their narrative , so I may introduce a Holocaust denier to a Holocaust survivor or an Islamophobe to an imam or a Muslim family for dinner or somebody who is homophobic to an LGBTQ couple . And oftentimes , what happens is they are able to humanize these people that they once had this idea of them being a monster or a parasite in their head .
And because they 've made that humanizing connection , they typically ca n't justify the prejudice or reconcile the hate any longer . And 9 times out of 10 , this is the first time that the hater has had a meaningful interaction with the person they feel they hate . And when they receive compassion from the people they least deserve it from , when they least deserve it , that , to me , is the most transformative process . And I 've seen that happen hundreds and hundreds of times , including to myself personally .
SMITH : Christian Picciolini is a former white supremacist and co-founder of the group Life After Hate . Their book is `` Romantic Violence : Memoirs Of An American Skinhead . '' And they joined us from Chicago . Thank you , Christian .
PICCIOLINI : Stacey , thank you so much for having me . Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — Carson Wentz threw a touchdown pass a few plays after suffering an injury that could ruin a special season for the Philadelphia Eagles , and then stuck around to greet teammates and celebrate a division-clinching victory with them .
It 's always team-first for No . 11 .
Two sources familiar with the injury told The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz tore their left anterior cruciate ligament in a 43-35 comeback win over the Rams on Sunday and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs .
Wentz , a favorite in the NFL MVP race , will have an MRI on Monday to confirm the severity of the injury . Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they were n't authorized to release the information .
After the game , Wentz 's left knee was wrapped in a brace . They were driven in a cart up the tunnel at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and then hobbled to one of the team buses .
`` I do n't know anything until we evaluate them ( Monday ) , '' Eagles coach Doug Pederson said .
Wentz wrote on Twitter : `` NFC East Champs ! So proud of the resiliency of this team . Such a special group of men . And I greatly appreciate all the prayers ! I know my God is a powerful one with a perfect plan . Time to just lean in to them and trust whatever the circumstances ! # Proverbs3:5-6 ''
Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter at Los Angeles . Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles ( 11-2 ) to a win that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining .
`` Everyone is really excited about the win but you have your starting quarterback go down , it 's emotional , '' Foles said . `` It 's emotional for me . I work with them every day so I 'm dealing with that . ''
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player . Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters , return specialist/running back Darren Sproles , star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special-teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season .
But they 're not the franchise quarterback .
`` It ( stinks ) more so for Carson as a person and a friend and a teammate and what they put into the game and their preparation , '' safety Malcolm Jenkins said . `` But as a team we have all our goals in front of us . ''
Wentz is the latest NFL star to go down in a season in which several high-profile players have been sidelined . Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman and safety Kam Chancellor , Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt and quarterback Deshaun Watson , Giants receivers Odell Beckham Jr. and Brandon Marshall , Chiefs safety Eric Berry , Browns tackle Joe Thomas and Vikings running back Dalvin Cook and quarterback Sam Bradford each sustained season-ending injuries .
After starting all 16 games as a rookie , Wentz made a giant leap this year . They passed for 3,296 yards , 33 TDs and only seven interceptions .
Wentz again was spectacular against the Rams before they got hurt after getting hit hard as they scrambled into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding . They stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard TD pass to Alshon Jeffery on fourth down four plays later , setting the franchise record for most TD passes in a season .
`` It shows how tough they are , '' Pederson said .
Foles replaced Wentz the next drive after the Rams took a 35-31 lead . They led the Eagles to a pair of field goals on consecutive drives . Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia 's No . 3 quarterback .
Wentz arrived in Philadelphia as the No . 2 pick in the 2016 draft out of North Dakota State . On Sunday , they outperformed Rams quarterback Jared Goff , the No . 1 pick in that draft .
Despite the injury , Wentz celebrated the victory over the Rams ( 9-4 ) with teammates .
`` He 's one of the leaders on the team . They were there congratulating and celebrating with everyone , '' Foles said .
Foles , a third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012 , is in their second stint in Philadelphia . They replaced an injured Michael Vick in 2013 and led the Eagles to an NFC East title during Chip Kelly 's first season as coach . Foles tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in November 2013 and finished that season with 27 TDs and only two picks . The Eagles lost at home to New Orleans in the playoffs . Foles went to the Pro Bowl and was the offensive MVP .
But Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season . Foles spent a year with the Rams , a season with the Chiefs and returned to Philadelphia as a free agent this season .
`` I 'm absolutely ready to go — need be , '' Foles said . `` I prepare every day . ''
___
AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson contributed to this report from Los Angeles .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
Torgerson was sentenced on June 8 to life in prison with no possibility of release .
Source : WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
Violinist Godwin Strings drops a Cover of Runtown 's Mad Over You | Listen on BN
Rave violinist , Godwin Strings releases this cover of Africa 's hottest song right now , Runtown ‘ s “ Mad Over You “ . Listen and Download below : Download
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
United States ' Bobby Wood ( 9 ) celebrates their goal against Panama in front of cheering fans , with teammates Dax McCarty ( 13 ) and Michael Bradley ( 4 ) during the second half of a World Cup qualifying soccer match , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , in Orlando , Fla . The United States won 4-0 . ( AP Photo/John Raoux )
ORLANDO , Fla. ( AP ) — American soccer players do not want fly over 8,000 miles to Malaysia next month for a playoff against Syria or make a 7,000-mile-plus journey for a match in Australia .
After getting just one point in two September qualifiers , a loss to Panama on Friday night would have left the U.S. with one more chance to reach next year 's World Cup : by winning a playoff against the fifth-place nation in Asia . And the Americans were n't even assured of that .
`` We still knew that everything was in our hands . It still is , '' defender Matt Besler said after Friday night 's 4-0 rout of the Panamanians lifted the United States back into third place — the last automatic berth in the North and Central American and Caribbean region .
The Americans have overcome an 0-2 start and head into their final game of the hexagonal on Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago with 12 points , two ahead of Panama and three ahead of Honduras , which plays Saturday at Costa Rica .
A win would put the U.S. in its eighth straight World Cup as long as Honduras does not defeat the Ticos and Mexico while overcoming its goal difference against the U.S. , currently 12 .
A draw at Trinidad would be sufficient unless Honduras wins its last two matches and Panama does not beat Costa Rica by eight goals ( or seven if Panama somehow overcomes its deficit in total goals vs. the U.S. , currently nine ) .
Retired goalkeeper Kasey Keller , now an ESPN analyst , said the reality of the situation hit the Americans after the 2-0 loss to Costa Rica in New Jersey and the 1-1 draw at Honduras .
`` Oh , boy . We do n't have any time . We have to put it right , '' Keller said of the thought process . `` So much of the rhetoric before the game was there had to be a start to this match that kind of emphasized the poor results from September , and I think you saw that . You needed stars to show up , and the U.S. 's biggest star showed up and scored the first , created the second . ''
Christian Pulisic , the 19-year-old from Hershey , Pennsylvania , who is a rising star with Germany 's Borussia Dortmund , helped energize the U.S. when they were shifted to central midfield from the flanks . They scored with a brilliant touch in the eighth minute and passed to Jozy Altidore , who doubled the lead in the 19th.Altidore converted a penalty kick in the 43rd and Bobby Wood got the final goal in the 63rd .
`` It was exactly what I expected , '' U.S. captain Michael Bradley said , `` and now we 've got to make sure that in a few days ' time were ready to go to Trinidad and after 15 games of qualifying make sure that we finish things off in the right way . ''
A playoff against Syria would raise the issue of whether President Donald Trump 's administration would allow opposing players to enter the U.S. for the first leg . Syria is among the nations in the administration 's current travel ban . A playoff against either team would include wearying travel , especially for American players based in Europe who would return home for the first leg , travel to Malaysia or Australia for the second , then return to Europe for matches with their clubs .
But if the Americans clinch , next month 's games likely would be a pair of exhibitions in Europe .
In the days leading up to the Panama match , American players spoke with seriousness . After the big win , they could admit the burden they had felt .
`` Of course there was pressure , '' Besler said . `` We all felt it and felt a big responsibility for the team and for our country . ''
Actor Johnny Depp sure knows how to play to the crowd .
Depp , in Vancouver to film their new movie Richard Says Goodbye , said hello to numerous kids at B.C . Children 's Hospital on Monday dressed up as Captain Jack Sparrow , the character they play in the Pirates of the Caribbean films .
They were reportedly there for a number of hours , going from room to room in their pirate paraphernalia and brightening the day for the pint-sized patients .
`` He was never Johnny Depp , they were always Jack Sparrow , '' a hospital employee told Global BC .
# JohnnyDepp at the British Columbia Children 's Hospital in Vancouver . 🌟️ ( via IG katgootmusic ) pic.twitter.com/5fqkUj7STq — Johnny Depp Pics ( @ JDeppPics ) August 15 , 2017
Some pictures of this beautiful man making kids happy 💖🙏 pic.twitter.com/Vf8RaENYsg — Johnny Depp Pics ( @ JDeppPics ) August 15 , 2017
# JohnnyDepp is the sweetest person in the world 💙 I 'm really proud of them 🙏🌟 pic.twitter.com/2acOfYxyet — Johnny Depp Pics ( @ JDeppPics ) August 15 , 2017
And this is n't the only time of late that Depp dropped into a local institution and greeted their fans . They were at Vancouver 's Blackbird Public House on July 25 , where their latest project was being filmed , and mingled with several excited Vancouverites .
mraptis @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/mike_raptis
06:57 Reported News Briefs Av 23 , 5777 , 15/08/17 Av 23 , 5777 , 15/08/17 Watch live : New olim arrive in Israel Read more Watch live as new immigrants , including 70 lone soldiers , touch down in their new home , Israel . ► ◄ Last Briefs
United Airlines has taken delivery of its first Boeing 737 MAX-family aircraft , a 737-9 , and confirmed plans to start service with the newest Boeing narrowbody twinjets in early June .
The Chicago-based carrier , which has 161 737 MAX-family aircraft on order , expects to take delivery of three 737-9s in April and six before the aircraft enters scheduled service on June 7 . It will have 10 737-9s by year-end , meaning the aircraft will make up nearly half of the 24 planned additions to the carrier 's mainline fleet in 2018 .
Initial 737-9 routes will connect United 's Houston 's George Bush Intercontinental Airport hub and five cities : Anchorage , Alaska ; Austin , Texas ; Fort Lauderdale and Orlando , Florida ; and San Diego , California . The Anchorage service marks the return of a seasonal route . Additional 737-9 flights will begin June 29 .
United 's 737-9s are configured with 179 seats , including in 20 first-class and 44 in economy plus . Like the carrier 's 787s , the 737 MAXs will feature a special livery the airline said is intended to emphasize its eco-friendliness .
Meanwhile , United said its Polaris business-class rollout will see a retrofitted aircraft join the fleet about once every 10 days through 2020 . The carrier announced Polaris in mid-2016 , including a new business-class cabin , onboard service and lounges . Production delays at seat-manufacturer Zodiac Aerospace have delayed United 's retrofit plans .
Sean Broderick , sean.broderick @ aviationweek.com
Read more : The battle to ban plastic bags
Recently , Prince Edward Island took the big step to announce new legislation to make it the first province to ban SUP shopping bags . Seattle is the first major U.S. city to ban the use of plastic drinking straws .
Government support
Canada is planning to adopt a zero-waste strategy , and we recently heard more about these details in the non-binding G7 Ocean Plastics Charter , which was agreed to by five of the seven participating nations and the European Union ( EU ) . However , neither the United States nor Japan signed the voluntary agreement .
National and international organizations have also made recent announcements about how to reduce and improve recycling , but all have committed to widely varying timelines to achieve these goals .
Read more : An international plastics treaty could avert a 'Silent Spring ' for our seas
For example , the United Nations Environment Programme ( with support from 42 governments ) , declared a fight against plastics , announcing their global Clean Seas campaign in 2017 to eliminate major sources of marine debris by 2022 .
The following year , the European Commission ( EC ) adopted the first Europe-wide strategy on plastics , aiming for all plastic packaging in the EU to be reusable or recyclable — but not until 2030 .
Lagging behind the international community , the United Kingdom announced it will eliminate “ avoidable ” plastic waste by 2042 — almost a generation away !
Meanwhile , Canada has also been soliciting comments and ideas on ways to reduce plastic pollution and improve recycling .
Corporations lead the way
With governments setting unambitious targets , it seems that large corporations are now showing leadership by listening to consumers who are demanding less SUPs in their packing and food containers .
Recently , McDonald 's announced that it would replace plastic straws with paper ones in all of its U.K. and Ireland restaurants , as of September 2018 . This strategy may soon be rolled out in other jurisdictions . IKEA has also committed to eliminating all SUP products from its home furnishing range by 2020 , including plastic straws , plates , cups , freezer bags , garbage bags and plastic-coated paper plates and cups .
Why has it taken so long to tackle this wicked problem ?
Sure , the plastics industry has something to lose , and maybe governments also lack the will and technology to make the transition sooner ?
But time is running out .
I 'm just glad that the Romans invented viaducts and straight roads instead of SUPs , as we likely would n't be here today if they had . Giving up a plastic straw , stirrer or bag might not be so bad after all .
If I have to choose between “ Planet or Plastic ” , I know which I 'll pick . What about you ?
Tony Robert Walker , Assistant Professor , Dalhousie University
This article was originally published on The Conversation . Read the original article .
I 'm not behind Lagos PDP crisis – Kashamu
Sen. Buruji Kashamu ( PDP – Ogun East ) has denied involvement in the crisis rocking the Lagos State Chapter of the party , ahead of council polls in the state . The senator was reacting to an allegation by a factional Chairman of the party in the state , Mr Moshood Salvador , that they ( Kashamu ) was partly responsible for [ … ]
I 'm not behind Lagos PDP crisis – Kashamu
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Interest Successfully Added
We 'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest ?
SAN DIEGO — On paper , the Chargers have an impressive receiving corps .
There 's Keenan Allen , a legitimate star who finally looks healthy again after two injury-plagued seasons . There 's Tyrell Williams , who surprised just about everyone with their 1,000-yard breakout a year ago . And of course , there 's Mike Williams , whom the Chargers deemed worthy of the No . 7 overall pick after watching them win a national championship at Clemson .
But offensive coordinator Ken Whisenhunt is n't inviting any jinxes .
“ Every time we talk about depth , ” they said , “ we get hit by that bug in camp . ”
To be fair , the injury bug has already chipped away at the roster . Williams has been sidelined for most of the offseason program with a mild herniated disc in their lower back , and may or may not be fully healthy to start training camp . Dontrelle Inman , who had 810 receiving yards last season , is out until camp after undergoing core muscle surgery .
For others , those absences signal an opportunity . Over the past few weeks , first-year coach Anthony Lynn has talked up Geremy Davis — a former sixth-round pick by the Giants — and undrafted Montana product Jamaal Jones , who made an acrobatic grab in traffic during Wednesday 's minicamp session .
Davis has only wo career catches in the NFL , while a broken thumb ended Jones ' chances of making the roster last August . If teammates ahead of them on the depth chart are sidelined — well , that means additional reps for them to try and impress coaches .
Whisenhunt said that for young players , much of the transition from college to the NFL depends on understanding the nuances of the playbook , as well as how to use technique to counter more skilled defenders . While some can initially skate by on pure , physical talent , that approach wo n't work for long .
“ At some point , you 've got to understand the concept of what you 're doing and why you 're doing it , ” Whisenhunt said . “ That 's it . That 's really the key for these young guys . Sometimes it takes them a little bit longer .
“ Sometimes it 's even a confidence thing . When you get jammed up on a release , and you 're trying to get down the field , it 's frustrating . Now why did I get jammed up ? How do I counter that ? So , it is a process . I do n't think you can say there 's a certain timetable for it . ”
NO EARLY BREAKS
For three straight seasons , the Chargers ended their mandatory minicamp a day early — with then-head coach Mike McCoy rewarding the team for a successful offseason program .
Lynn wo n't be doing the same . They reiterated that their team will return to Chargers Park on Thursday , in what will be the franchise 's final practice in San Diego .
“ They 're going to have a lot of time off after tomorrow , ” Lynn added .
The 48-year-old coach had lambasted the Chargers ' performance Tuesday , calling the start of minicamp “ sluggish. ” Wednesday 's showing changed Lynn 's tune — ” The energy was back ” — but they still wanted to squeeze in work before the upcoming six-week summer break .
“ You try and take advantage of all the exposure that we have with these guys that you can , ” they said . “ So yeah , I think it 's important to get that last one in . ”
( AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli , File ) . FILE - In this March 8 , 2018 , file photo , California gubernatorial candidate , state Treasurer John Chiang , a Democrat , speaks at a conference in Sacramento , Calif. Chiang will be joined family members of people who di ...
By KATHLEEN RONAYNE
Associated Press
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) - California Treasurer John Chiang and families of mass shooting victims called Monday for the nation 's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly .
`` Divesting in these companies that sell these weapons will send a clear message that the thoughts and prayers that are sent when these tragedies occur are not enough - the state of California is demanding change , '' said Renee Wetzel , whose husband , Mike , was killed in the 2015 San Bernardino terrorist attack . `` Do n't let my husband 's death be in vain . ''
Wetzel was one of more than a dozen family members of mass shooting victims who testified before the California Public Employees ' Retirement System board . California alumni of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School , where 17 people were killed in a shooting last month , also spoke in support of the initiative by Chiang , a board member and Democratic candidate for governor .
Others criticized it as an ineffective strategy and political ploy .
New Jersey , Connecticut , Illinois and New York also are discussing divesting from gun-related companies .
The California board took no immediate action but said it is talking with gun retailers . Four of the five companies it invests in that sell guns have moved to stop selling assault weapons and raise the age for firearm purchases .
The retirement system has roughly $ 850 million in holdings in Dick 's Sporting Goods , Walmart , Kroger , Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman 's Warehouse Holdings . The pension fund in California , which severely restricts the sale and possession of assault-style weapons , has a total value of $ 354 billion .
The fund approached all five companies in the fall , asking them to stop selling assault weapons and devices such as bump stocks . Following the Florida shooting , Dick 's and Kroger said they would stop selling such guns and would , along with Walmart , only sell guns to those 21 and older .
Walmart and Big 5 Sporting Goods had previously stopped selling assault weapons .
Experts have long questioned the financial and political effectiveness of divestment , and it 's generally against the pension fund 's policy . By divesting , shareholders give up their power to exert influence and often times simply turn over the shares to other owners who may not take the same political or social stance .
`` If we divest , we lose our seat at the table , '' board member Theresa Taylor said .
Divestment initiatives had cost the pension fund more than $ 8 billion as of June 2017 , according to a fund memo .
While supporters of stopping gun investments made up the bulk of public testimony , several others called the effort a political ploy by Chiang or warned that it could hurt the pension fund 's bottom line .
The system has enough money to cover roughly 70 percent of the money it owes to 1.8 million members .
`` I believe in the efforts , but the fact is , divestment does n't work , '' said Joe Morgan , a teacher at Riverside Community College . `` This really has been made entirely too political . ''
Still , the fund has previously used divestment to make political statements . It decided in 2016 to sell off the last of its tobacco investments and has similarly started reducing its investments in coal . The state began divesting from gun manufacturers in 2013 following the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut .
The state 's teacher pension fund will present research on its holdings in gun retailers in May .
___
This story has been corrected to reflect that Walmart stopped selling assault weapons three years ago but recently raised the age for gun purchases .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Photo
Mike MacDonald , a pioneer of the Canadian stand-up comedy scene , died on Saturday in Ottawa . They were 63 .
Their brother J. P. MacDonald said that Mr. MacDonald , who had been dealing with various health problems , died of “ heart complications ” at the Ottawa Heart Institute .
Mr. MacDonald , who was known for gentle observational humor punctuated by often outlandish facial expressions , was a regular at the annual Just for Laughs comedy festival in Montreal , where they made the most consecutive appearances of any performer .
They also had several specials on CBC and Showtime and appeared on the talk shows of David Letterman and Arsenio Hall .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Mike MacDonald was pretty much the first Canadian superstar in our business , ” Howard Wagman , owner of the comedy club Yuk Yuk 's Ottawa , where Mr. MacDonald frequently performed , told CBC News . “ He was a groundbreaker . They were an original . They were truly Canadian. ” Canadian comedians like Tom Green , who called them “ one of the greats of stand-up comedy , ” considered them an influence .
Worldwide passenger traffic grew 7.6 % in 2017 , outpacing the 10-year average annual growth rate of 5.5 % , as passengers responded to an overall improvement in the global economy and lower airfares , according to IATA 's Air Passenger Market Analysis for December 2017 , released Feb. 1 .
Global passenger capacity was up 6.3 % for the full year , producing an 81.4 % total market passenger load factor , up 0.9 point from 2016 .
December passenger traffic moderated , however , with a 6.2 % year-over-year rise in traffic , the slowest growth rate in three months .
IATA forecast passenger traffic growth in 2018 will continue to be above trend , but will nonetheless be slightly slower than 2017 . “ This is mainly because increases in airline input costs—fuel prices but also labor costs in certain countries—mean that we are unlikely to see the same degree of demand stimulation from lower airfares in 2018 that we have seen in recent years , ” IATA senior economist David Oxley said .
Traffic growth should continue to be in the 7.5 % to 8 % region during early 2018 , Oxley said .
International passenger traffic grew in all the world regions , led—for the first time since 1994—by Asia-Pacific carriers . Asia-Pacific international traffic was up 9.4 % in 2017 , driven by strong economic growth in the region as well as increased route options for travelers . Capacity in the region was up 7.9 % ; the regional load factor increased 1.1 point YOY to 79.6 % .
Latin American carriers saw their fastest growth rate for international travel since 2011 , with 9.3 % traffic growth in 2017 . Capacity in the region grew 8 % and the regional load factor grew by one point to 82.1 %
European carriers ' international traffic increased 8.2 % during the year , driven by strong economic conditions in the region , IATA said . Capacity rose 61.1 % , pushing up load factor by 1.6 points to 84.4 % , the highest of all regions .
African carriers showed a 7.5 % increase in international traffic in 2017 , as conditions in Nigeria , one of the continent 's largest economies , improved as oil prices rose .
International passenger traffic for North American carriers rose at its fastest rate since 2011 , IATA said , increasing 4.8 % in 2017 , driven by an improved economic picture in the region . The August-September hurricanes , however , slowed the momentum . And inbound international traffic has slowed as well , partly attributable to new US-imposed immigration and security restrictions put into place during the year .
For Middle East carriers , international traffic slowed compared to 2016 , rising 6.6 % in 2017 , compared to 11.5 % the previous year . The Middle East-North America market segment was particularly hard hit , related to the now-lifted ban on PEDs but also affected by US-proposed travel bans on certain Middle East countries . 2017 was also the first time the Middle East region 's share of the international travel market decreased in 20 years , Oxley said , falling 0.2 point to 9.1 % .
In domestic traffic , India and China had the strongest results for 2017 , rising 17.5 % and 13.3 % respectively , and driven by economic expansion and additional unique airport pairs being offered in each country .
Russia had its strongest domestic traffic growth since 2014 , rising 10.1 % , also attributable , Oxley said , to an improvement in economic conditions seen in the country as oil prices increased , as well as domestic network growth .
Japan had its strongest domestic traffic growth since 2013 , rising 5.8 % , driven in part by an improving Japanese economy IATA said .
North American domestic traffic matched the 3.8 % five-year average pace in 2017 , but was actually down from 2016 's 4.6 % growth .
And Brazil returned to positive territory with 3.5 % domestic traffic growth in 2017 , following a 5.5 % drop in 2016 . Oxley noted that Brazil 's domestic growth “ came in spite of a 4.5 % reduction in the number of domestic airport pairs in operation . ”
Mark Nensel mark.nensel @ informa.com
SCORER : Gympie 's Danny Shepperson scored 44 to set a defensible target for the Gold XI , but Nambour made light work of the total to seize victory at Albert Park on Saturday .
SCORER : Gympie 's Danny Shepperson scored 44 to set a defensible target for the Gold XI , but Nambour made light work of the total to seize victory at Albert Park on Saturday . Leeroy Todd
Nambour has sent a strong message to T20 Final opponents Gympie with a convincing one-day victory in a rain shortened round 8 clashes at Albert Park , rounding up 146 with time to spare .
Gympie Gold XI captain Lewis Waugh said their side had a tough day in the office .
`` We were sent in by Nambour in a 33 over-a-side , rain affected game , ” they said .
`` We made 146 and they were five down with four overs left when they got the runs .
`` Leo Cartwright batted really well in the middle order to get us a competitive total . ”
The Cutters rocked the Gold from the start of the 33-over contest , with dangerman Trevor Brady caught from the last ball of spinner Brad Ilott 's first over , and from there it was up to anchor Dan Shepperson to hold the home innings together .
Skipper Lewis Waugh ( 12 ) went at 23 to the other opening spinner , George Darlow , sparking a slide to 4/33 .
Troy Ashton hung in for nine as a resistant Shepperson dominated their 42 run partnership , but both were gone by 85 , leaving Leo Cartwright to guide the innings to three figures .
Their 38 led to a face-saving 146 , with Travis Hillcoat run out off the last ball of the Gold 's 33 overs . Tyran Eggmolesse led the Cutters ' wickets at 3/35 , with Darlow miserly at 2/9 from seven overs .
Nambour knew they had to bat on the same wicket , and Steve Ledger was watchful as they and Angus Douglas led the reply .
After three overs and 0/3 they had the feel of the situation , and was back to their usual aggression , hitting 43 to leave the Cutters at 3/68 at their departure after 13 overs , setting a positive path for Andy Collins , 30 , and skipper Nick Wallace , 21 , to guide the shortened innings to 121 with eight overs remaining .
Incomers George Darlow and Eggmolesse had the option of caution or sprinting to the line and chose the aerial route , adding 28 off just nine scoring strokes with a six each as a final statement , to close the deal at 5/149 .
Tewantin-Noosa wasted a golden opportunity to pressure Maroochydore at Ron McMullin Oval , turning a rampaging 2/165 into a free-falling 219 with four run-outs .
The early loss of makeshift opener Jarrod Officer at 21 brought Jake Dennien and an in-form Ben Gear together for a partnership that had Swans ' skipper Blaine Schoss looking for answers .
Gear has been one of the form bats of the competition , with three 50+ scores from five bats up to yesterday , and looked set for the century missed in round 1 .
After Dennien went for 52 to close the 118 partnership , Gear opened up , then at 99 was run out in search of that third figure . 345 runs at 69 show their value to the team , both in numbers and presence in the centre .
Steve Shaw holed out , then Andy Kratzmann unluckily was out of their ground to a deflection off the bowler and the innings descended into chaos in running and shot selection .
Zane Gilder , possibly the Swans ' best bowler recorded 0/29 and Sam Oldham 3/32 as the Thunder lost 8/54 to end at 219 , well short of the 250 or more available .
Maroochydore 's reply was businesslike on a low slow wicket where the outfield had sped up with sunlight .
An 96 opening partnership from Adam Thornton and Callum Stitt gave the innings an inevitability confirmed in 44 overs as the home side reached 220 just four wickets down , to lead the one-day table .
Caboolture gained two bonus points , dismissing Caloundra for 88 after the visiting Lighthouses faced a challenging 265 at Grant Road .
Matt Parkinson duplicated their round 3 career best 60 to strengthen their all-rounder claims while the Snakes set an unassailable target , then bowled opener Mitch Elmes in their first over to quell the visitors ' hopes of replicating recent good batting .
The Caboolture attack joined in the spoils as none of the Caloundra bats rose to the occasion , with the chase ended in the 34th over .
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Electro-pop musician and singer-songwriter Maggie Rogers premiered the video for their track “ Fallingwater , ” today , following up the release of the track as a single last week . The song , co-produced with ex-Vampire Weekend producer Rostam Batmanglij , is Rogers ' first new music of 2018 so far . “ Fallingwater ” follows the release of their EP , a href= ” https : //uproxx.com/music/maggie-rogers-now-that-the-light-is-fading/ ” target= ” _blank ” title= ” ” > Now That The Light Is Fading , and a headlining tour last year .
The video for “ Fallingwater ” was filmed in California 's Imperial Sand Dunes , and shows Rogers dancing in the desert — loose and free in the sun , then powerful and defiant in the rain , illuminated by lightning strikes . The video is shot beautifully by Rogers ' frequent collaborator , director Zia Anger .
According to Rogers , “ Fallingwater ” is inspired by their whirlwind success over the last two years . Rogers began work on the song in 2016 , and over the last two years , “ Fallingwater ” has been shaped by their tremendous growth as an artist .
Following a performance at Boston Calling last weekend , Rogers is set to play festivals across the world this summer , including Governor 's Ball in New York City , the UK 's Reading and Leeds festival , the Pilgrimage Music & Cultural Festival , and All Things Go Fall Classic in Washington , D.C. Rogers is also supporting Haim on the European leg of their Sister Sister Sister tour this summer .
You can watch the video for “ Fallingwater ” above .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Comedian Bovi Shares Inspiring Quote on Instagram
Phyno has responded to the claims made by Decarlo on Twitter yesterday , June 11 , stating that Pia Mia 's “ I 'm a Fan ” is the “ authorized ” version as they were the one that wrote the song , which on the flipside means Phyno stole “ I 'm a Fan ” from him . I wrote the original demo of I 'm A Fan ” …
The post Comedian Bovi Shares Inspiring Quote on Instagram appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Kerry Washington , Kim Kardashian West at the 2017 Forbes Women 's Summit in NYC
The 2017 Forbes Women 's Summit held recently on Tuesday afternoon ( June 13 ) in New York City and the event was attended by several leading ladies including actor Kerry Washington , TV star Kim Kardashian West , show host Tamron Hall and more . During the event , Kerry Washington opened up about their work with the Allstate Foundation 's Purple Purse program [ … ]
The post Kerry Washington , Kim Kardashian West at the 2017 Forbes Women 's Summit in NYC appeared first on BellaNaija .
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Faryal added : `` It was just a misunderstanding . I was in England they were in Dubai , they thought they were a bit cool in Dubai doing some tweets . ''
Amir also admitted they hand found it tough being away from boxing with a hand injury , admitting they felt lost without the structure the sport has provided them since they were a boy .
They explained : `` Going through the hand injury that I had , not being in the boxing ring , being away from my family , going through a lot of stuff in my life , I think the best place for me is to be in the boxing ring .
`` When I was away from that , it took me all over the place . I lost that focus and that structure . Not being in the gym , not training , when you have all that downtime you have all that energy in your body .
`` My family were very supportive , my parents , they helped me when I said I do n't know what to do .
`` I came to a stage where I did n't know what to do with my life . I was wrecking my marriage , I was n't boxing , I had a hand injury , I did n't know where to go , what to do . ''
More information on the Center for Healthy Aging can be found at http : //www.addinglifetoyears.com and on Facebook at http : //www.facebook.com/Center4HealthyAging , or by e-mailing Michelle Perry at michellevipwellness
On Sept. 8 , the center will host its Rise to the Challenge Senior Fundraiser – with live music , food , drinks and a silent auction – from 4 to 8 p.m. at the center 's offices , 515 Court St. in Reno . Tickets will cost $ 50 each and can be purchased at the center .
The center also is looking for volunteers to lead future outdoor walking groups .
The Center for Healthy Aging will host a free Senior Healthy Walking Program within Meadowood Mall each Wednesday starting Aug. 23 from 9 to 10 a.m. , with registration at 8:30 a.m . The group will meet at the information desk in front of the Macy 's men 's and housewares store . Snacks and water will be provided .
In a small office near the western end of Court Street in Reno , Dr. Lawrence Weiss and their staff are trying to help seniors add life to their years .
`` Adding Life to Years '' is the slogan of the Center for Healthy Aging , a non-profit advocacy and assistance organization that Weiss — the former director of the Sanford Center for Aging at the University of Nevada , Reno – started nine years ago to help pick up some of the slack in the area 's senior care services .
The center provides information , access to services , speakers on elder care and even some health equipment to area seniors , while forming partnerships with an array of local agencies to spread the word about assistance available in this area .
A doctor of health psychology specializing in gerontological health , Weiss has been planning since their mid-20s to start such a service to offset the obvious strain that their fellow baby boomers would place on the field of senior care .
`` Forty-five years ago , I had an idea of creating some sort of senior-health advocacy program , '' Weiss said . `` It just made sense to me , because people are not that knowledgeable about senior care . ''
And , in truth , senior health today is a big and growing problem in Northern Nevada .
Recommended Stories For You
Estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau show that the percentage of 65 and older residents in Northern Nevada varies from 30.1 percent in Storey County to as low as 10 percent in Elko County , with Washoe County 's 15.9 percent coming close to the state average of 15 percent .
Other senior populations estimates include Carson City 's 20.3 percent , Douglas County 's 26.5 percent , Lyon County 's 21.1 percent and Churchill County 's 18.7 percent .
Yet Nevada does not do well when it comes to senior health .
According to America 's Health Rankings Senior Report 2017 – the latest in an annual survey of senior health care by the United Health Foundation – the Silver State as a whole ranks 40th in its quality of care , a slight increase over 2016 's ranking of 42nd place .
On the positive side , the report states that Nevada seniors have a very low obesity rate ( sixth lowest in the nation ) , low levels of mental distress including depression ( ninth lowest in the nation ) and few incidents of preventable hospitalizations ( 13th lowest in the nation ) .
The state also shows well in such areas as providing supplemental nutrition , preventable hospitalizations and falls , in which it ranks among the top 20 states .
However , it ranks low on a great many other measures , such as 41st in the percentage of seniors who received dental care , 48th in seniors with alcohol problems and 50th in the number of suicides ( almost 30 per 100,000 adults 65 and older ) .
Moreover , Nevada is just one spot above dead last in terms of dollars spent on each senior 60 years or older living in poverty , sharing 48th place with South Carolina at $ 209 and above Mississippi at $ 188 , all three well below the national average of $ 536 .
The statewide figures closely track with the situation in the northern counties , particularly in Washoe County and its neighbors .
`` We 're behind the curve in most everything , '' Weiss said .
To help improve the situation , Weiss ' organization has been providing help of the help-yourself nature .
One of the center 's biggest projects so far involved compiling and printing a resource pamphlet — also available online at the website http : //www.addinglifetoyears.com — with the help of AmeriCorps Vista ( Volunteers in Service to America ) volunteers , to guide area residents to eldercare services and other sources of information .
Which , as it turned out , is what seniors , their families and their friends have needed most .
A Washoe County Health District study in 2014 on how to assist aging residents listed 12 areas that needed special attention .
`` The first item on the list was access to information that seniors and caregivers said they needed , '' said Donna Clontz , chair of the Reno Senior Advisory Committee , which both advises the city council on senior issues and helps pay for some senior-assistance projects around town .
But the Center for Healthy Aging also has been taking more-direct action through numerous activities , such as helping distribute emergency-response systems to notify ambulance services , family members or hospice care providers in case of a fall or other distress .
There also is an in-home pill dispenser that automatically provides proper doses at the appropriate times , eliminating the medication mistakes that are some of the primary causes of emergency-room visits .
And then there is an Elder Gap Services program to cover expenses where public-assistance money runs short , such as for pest extermination , legal assistance and even microwave ovens for reheating Meals on Wheels dishes , Weiss and Clontz said .
`` We need to make sure we provide as much support as we can , '' Weiss said .
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Max Suzuki participates in Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York .
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , i ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Carmen Cincotti , left , poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday , July 3 ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK ( AP ) - For the fifth year in a row , Las Vegas super eater Miki Sudo took top prize at the Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest , downing 37 franks and buns in 10 minutes amid stifling humidity at the annual seaside competition .
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon , Arizona , who chowed down 28 wieners and buns .
On the men 's side , 10-time winner Joey `` Jaws '' Chestnut will confront 20 other men for the coveted Mustard Belt later Wednesday .
Sudo , 32 , was a fan favorite , drawing big cheers from the crowd during their performance , which was slightly delayed after they requested new water to soak them buns .
George Shea , the longtime host of the annual Brooklyn eat-off , quipped that Sudo was particular about the temperature and amount of water they use while competing .
Thousands of attendees , many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps , braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk . The outlandish tradition dates to 1972 , though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916 .
Fan Martha Pleasant , 41 , of Franklin , New Jersey , said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight , who `` loves wieners . ''
`` We are trying to knock something off my hubby 's bucket list , '' they said .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
From catching drivers committing one of the ‘ fatal four ' motoring offences to investigating serious collisions , West Yorkshire Police 's Roads Policing Unit plays a crucial role in helping to keep people safe on the city 's motorways .
In the fourth part of the YEP 's series on motorways , reporter Georgina Morris joins one of the team on a typical shift .
Read more : Roads police focus on detecting the ‘ fatal four ' before reckless drivers cause serious harm
Within moments of getting into the patrol car , PC Chris Worsnop picks up a request for help on the A1 northbound where debris is blocking part of the carriageway .
We head straight out of West Yorkshire 's Carr Gate complex on the outskirts of Wakefield and within moments we 're moving south at speed towards the reported scene , sirens sounding and blue lights flashing to alert other road users of our presence .
Callers have reported debris on the road just past junction 39 but there 's no precise location , meaning PC Worsnop is scanning the northbound carriageway as we head far enough south to loop back up and lend a hand .
PC Chris Worsnop , of West Yorkshire Police 's Roads Policing Unit . Pictures : Bruce Rollinson
“ Sometimes we get it on camera which is good because you get a better location , ” Chris explains . “ People just say we 've just passed 39 . You can go to the location and it 's wrong . ”
On this occasion , other members of the Roads Policing Unit ( RPU ) get there first and work with colleagues from the Highways Agency to swiftly clear the carriageway and keep traffic moving .
It does n't take much on routes as busy as these for long tailbacks to build up , so the priority is clearing incidents like this one as quickly as possible and before they lead to any collisions .
One of 120 officers in the RPU , PC Worsnop 's main focus is on sections of the motorways in the eastern area of West Yorkshire – the M1 , the M62 , the A1 ( M ) and the M621 .
A car is pulled over on the M1 northbound .
“ My primary role is the network . However , I 'll get off onto the arterial roads if collisions come in , ” they say .
“ Likewise , if I get a job on that requires more vehicles , then they will come across to help me . Although we are given an area we do n't remain in that area . We 're very fluid . ”
Read more : How many motorway collisions in Leeds result in serious injuries or lives lost ?
With the earlier issue cleared , PC Worsnop switches their focus to the drivers around us as we return north .
PC Chris Worsnop gathers evidence at the scene of a collision in Rawdon .
The Automatic Number Plate Recognition ( ANPR ) cameras on the car are constantly scanning for vehicles being driven without insurance or road tax , but the effectiveness of these patrols rests just as much upon the observational skills and instincts of the officers themselves .
PC Worsnop says : “ We 're looking for anything that 's not right . Everybody should be travelling at a similar speed but you 'll see things that are n't quite right . They 're travelling a lot slower . Are they on a mobile phone ? Are they lost ? Are they talking to a passenger ? ”
It 's not long before those observational skills lead PC Worsnop to spot a driver who is not wearing their seatbelt properly – one of the ‘ fatal four ' offences that often play a part in crashes resulting in deaths on our roads .
Sirens , lights and flashing of the headlights all go unnoticed for a few minutes before the car indicates and pulls onto the hard shoulder .
The driver is led back to the police car , where they tell PC Worsnop that nobody ever taught them how to wear a seatbelt and they did n't realise it should go over your shoulder .
They receive a ticket for the offence along with some stern words about the risk of them suffering greater injury in the event of crash , the significant response from the blue light services this would necessitate , the bed that would be taken up in an overstreched A & E unit .
Work continues at the scene of the collision in Rawdon .
Paperwork is completed , fingerprints are taken to go on file until the fine has been paid , and throughout it all the car can be felt swaying as larger vehicles and wagons pass by .
All this take places as the Watchguard camera system fitted in the car records external and internal footage along with audio , creating a comprehensive package of evidence that can be transferred directly onto the network at Carr Gate via a secure Wifi connection .
“ It 's a very , very good system , ” PC Worsnop says . “ We 're having fewer challenges where people say I 've never said that or I did n't read [ the statement ] . ”
Read more : How Highways England work to keep Leeds motorways on the move
There 's no let up though as a message soon comes in over the radio about what sounds like a serious collision in west Leeds involving a schoolchild .
Speed is of the essence as the ‘ golden hour ' for gathering initial evidence begins and PC Worsnop needs to cover the ground between junction 44 of the M1 and the scene in Rawdon as swiftly as they can .
This is easier said than done once we 're onto arterial roads during a typical Leeds rush hour , with some drivers failing to react to the blue lights and sirens of the police car coming up behind them and others simply having nowhere to go .
“ We 're not putting any pressure on them , ” PC Worsnop says . “ We 're just asking the question , can you let me through ? The majority – 99 per cent of people – they say no problem and they do their damnedest to let you through .
“ Just find a safe place to pull over . What you do n't want is for them to put themselves in a dangerous situation by going into a ditch or oncoming traffic . ”
Throughout the journey updates are being fed through over the radio and PC Worsnop 's first port of call upon arrival is the waiting ambulance containing the 12-year-old boy , whose injuries are fortunately minor .
But there 's still a scene to be examined , damage on the car to be checked , independent witnesses to speak to and a very shaken up driver to interview under caution .
“ All I can do is investigate how it happened , ” PC Worsnop says . “ If the boy is at fault then they get some advice . If it 's the driver 's fault , I get the evidence to probably prosecute . ”
Work eventually complete at the scene , it 's on to Leeds General Infirmary to speak to the boy about road safety and then back onto the network for whatever else the shift brings .
Dear mums-to-be , I know how hard it is to find shoes that make you feel comfortable and that look trendy too ! If you 're tired of looking , then maybe you should short down your list of few styles that you can find , because they 're so in right now , and that wo n't make your feet feel sore after wearing them for a couple of hours . So , here 's a short list of 5 shoes that will help you keep your feet comfortable and trendy when you 're pregnant .
About the Author
Zeinab El-Fiqi Since they were a little girl , Zeinab El-Fiqi enjoyed listening to music while they sat down on the floor to write short stories . They always found writing a way to express herself . Growing up , they always had passion for fashion , as they played dress up and pretended there 's a runway in their room . They studied Marketing and Management , which helped them make a balance between business and love for arts . Though they never wanted to study fashion , they enjoy writing about it and getting every insight on it . Zeinab enjoys the little things in life ; a cup of coffee and good music can make them day , and a walk in the park with their favorite songs on can turn a bad mood into a happy mood . You can reach them on zeinab @ fustany.com
GREEN BAY , Wis. ( AP ) — The Packers ' team doctor is evaluating tests on Aaron Rodgers ' surgically repaired right collarbone to determine if the quarterback can return for Green Bay 's game this weekend against Carolina .
The tests were done Monday . Coach Mike McCarthy says there 's no timeline on when medical staff will decide on potentially clearing Rodgers . McCarthy says they would like to know as soon as possible , but Rodgers ' availability is a medical decision .
Rodgers could be eligible to be activated for Sunday 's game against Carolina , which would be eight games after getting hurt Oct. 15 at Minnesota . The two-time NFL MVP returned to practice Dec. 2 on what McCarthy called a `` trial return . '' Rodgers ran the scout team last week .
Green Bay ( 7-6 ) remains in contention for a playoff spot .
___
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
MOSCOW ( AP ) — Six-time Olympic gold medalist Viktor Ahn wants to know why they have been barred from next month 's Pyeongchang Games .
Ahn is a short-track speed skater who was born in South Korea but switched allegiance to Russia ahead of the 2014 Sochi Games . Russian officials say the International Olympic Committee has refused to grant Ahn an invitation amid its vetting of the country 's athletes for possible doping links .
`` It is outrageous that there is no concrete reason which explains my exclusion from the Olympics , and furthermore people now view me as an athlete who used doping , '' Ahn wrote in an open letter to IOC President Thomas Bach .
Competing in South Korea would have been `` an especially significant part of my career for several reasons , '' said Ahn , who won their first three Olympic titles while competing for their native country . `` I hope that the IOC will ultimately declare their reason for my exclusion , so I will be able to defend my honor and dignity . ''
Ahn 's letter was published on Friday by the Russian Skating Union , hours before the IOC published its rules of conduct for Russian athletes and officials who will be at Pyeongchang .
All Russian athletes must sign an IOC-drafted integrity declaration confirming they are not currently under investigation for a doping violation , and agree to be removed from the team if their statement proves incorrect .
The spokesperson for President Vladimir Putin , when asked about Ahn 's letter , said Russia would support all athletes , whether they take part in the Olympics or are barred .
`` Intensive contacts are under way with the International Olympic Committee to clarify the situation and so that the interests of our athletes who are able to take part in the Olympics are completely secured and respected , '' spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said .
`` There are athletes who are disputing their rights in a legal context . There are athletes who are appealing to public opinion . There are athletes who are appealing to the Olympic committee leadership . That is their right . ''
The IOC has n't confirmed which Russians will be invited to compete in Pyeongchang , and has n't explained any individual decisions . However , it has said newly obtained records from the Moscow anti-doping laboratory played a role in the decision-making .
Russia announced 169 athletes would represent the `` Olympic Athlete from Russia '' ( OAR ) team on Thursday . The list did n't contain Ahn or some other Russian medal contenders , including cross-country skiing world champion Sergei Ustyugov and biathlete Anton Shipulin .
The IOC refusals for some are separate from the doping bans for 43 Russian athletes because of what the Olympic body ruled was a doping program and cover-up at the Sochi Games . Of those , 42 have launched appeals at the Court of Arbitration for Sport , and verdicts in 39 cases heard in Geneva are due to be published next week .
Strict rules imposed on Russian medal winners in Pyeongchang were published in the IOC conduct guidelines Friday .
The official Russian flag can be hung in an athlete 's bedroom in Olympic villages , though with `` no public visibility . ''
Inside Olympic venues , athletes must not accept the Russian flag from a spectator nor sing the national anthem .
`` Any 'alternate ' victory ceremonies organized for OAR athletes and/or team officials are not permitted . ''
Also , the International Biathlon Union said it could cancel a World Cup in Russia in March in light of `` newly available information . ''
The IBU did n't say what it received , though the IOC said on Wednesday it was sharing doping-related information from its vetting process with international sports federations .
The World Cup in Tyumen is due to be the first in Russia since 2015 .
___
AP Sports Writer Graham Dunbar in Geneva contributed to this report
CAP assures shareholders of improved performance in 2017
CAP Plc has expressed optimism that the investment made on the acquisition of an in-plant tinting technology would boost company 's performance in the current financial year , just as it has improved its production capacity .
The Chairman of the company , Larry Ettah , while addressing shareholders during the company 's yearly general meeting held in Lagos on Tuesday , said the €609,605 , invested to modernize its paint production processes has improved its production capacity and quality of product .
Besides , the shareholders , at the meeting , approved N1.54 billion dividends , translating to 220kobo for every 50 kobo ordinary share for the 2016 financial year .
Ettah added that the investment is expected to boost firm 's performance in the current financial year .
Reviewing its performance during the year , they explained that the business expanded its distribution network by opening five Dulux Colour shops in the course of the year .
They said the company increased its offering with the introduction of CAP Screeding Filler , a pre-decoration product to complement both our premium and standard brands .
They added that a strategic decision to play more aggressively in the standard segment of the paint market was taken in a bid to gain market share at the onset of the recession .
“ The company retained its ISO 9001:2008 and achieved re-certification of ISO 14001:2004 on Quality and Environmental Management Systems , respectively . We continue to offer high quality products and services to customers while complying with regulatory requirements and conduct our operations in a healthy and safe manner , ensuring minimal impact on the environment . ”
On the outlook for the year , Ettah assured shareholders that the company would leverage on the opportunities proffered by the 2017 budget for the real estate sector .
“ We will be future-proofing our business by focusing on innovation and expanding local product offerings . We will also pilot colour advisory services to professionals in the building industry to further consolidate our leadership in the industry .
“ The company invested the sum of €609,605 , to acquire an in-plant tinting technology , to modernize its paint production processes , while improving efficiency and delivering prompt customer service . ”
The President of Standard shareholders Association , Godwin Anono applauded the company for the dividend payout , urging them to intensify efforts in marketing in order to sustain their position in the industry .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BERLIN ( AP ) — A Vietnamese man charged with involvement in the kidnapping of a former Vietnamese oil executive in Berlin has gone on trial in the German capital .
The 47-year-old , identified only as Long N.H. because of German privacy rules , is charged with espionage and being an accessory to deprivation of liberty . Germany believes the kidnapping was a Vietnamese intelligence operation .
German authorities say executive Trinh Xuan Thanh and a woman accompanying them were snatched off the street , bundled into a van and taken to Vietnam in July . Vietnam claims Thanh , who was seeking asylum in Germany , returned voluntarily .
Thanh , the former chairperson of PetroVietnam 's construction arm , was given two life sentences earlier this year for embezzlement .
The suspect who went on trial Tuesday is accused of providing logistical help for the kidnapping .
Photos : Nigerian Soldiers Clear Gutters , Roads To Ease Traffic In Lagos
Men of the Nigerian Army attached to the 174 Battalion took to the roads of Lagos to provide community service by helping clear the gutters and the roads as the rain has caused heavy flooding in most parts of the state . The soldiers were spotted at Odogunyan bus stop , Ikorodu , Lagos clearing the debris which…
The post Photos : Nigerian Soldiers Clear Gutters , Roads To Ease Traffic In Lagos appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
Former ZBC journalist Christina Taruvinga dies in the UK
Former Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation ( ZBC ) journalist Christina Masaraure Taruvinga has tragically passed away in the United Kingdom .
According to reports reaching Nehanda Radio , Taruvinga had been battling breast cancer for the past two years and succumbed to the disease Wednesday evening at a hospice in Northampton .
Known simply as Kiki by their colleagues , many Zimbabweans will remember their reports for the state broadcaster in the 90 's .
Taruvinga went on to become the first female editor-in-chief of ZBC 's NewsNet before they resigned in April 2003 .
More details as we get them………… .
DAKAR , Senegal ( AP ) — An agency that monitors jihadi websites says al-Qaida 's Mali branch has released a video of a Colombian missionary who has been held captive for nearly one year .
SITE Intelligence Group said the video released Monday by the Mali-based Islamic insurgency shows Gloria Cecilia Narvaez appealing to Pope Francis . The nun was seized near the border with Burkina Faso and has been held since last Feb. 7 . They were also shown in another proof-of-life video in July with five others shortly before France 's president visited Mali .
In Monday 's video , Narvaez delivered an appeal to their family and their mission leader . A narrator from Nusrat al-Islam wal Muslimeen advised the family to contribute money to secure their release , alluding to other hostages who have been freed with contributions through independent charities .
Senate Invasion : Dogara warns against formation of support groups in NASS
Speaker of House of Representatives , Mr Yakubu Dogara , has warned lawmakers against forming support groups in the parliament for public officers , describing it as violation of their oath of office .
Dogara said this at plenary on Tuesday , while reacting to the April 18 attack at the Senate during which thugs suspected to have been sponsored by a suspended senator made away with the mace .
They also declared that the action of the perpetrators of the act was an attack on the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari , not only the National Assembly .
They said there was nowhere in the world where lawmakers formed ‘ clubs ' to drum up support for public officers in other arms of government , maintaining that it amounted to violation of their oath of office .
The speaker warned that the House leadership would not tolerate any act of terrorism from any member .
According to him , there is no club anywhere in the world dedicated to defending or protecting someone 's interest .
“ So , when lawmakers , having groups to support public officers , we are violating the very essence of the mandate we have been given by the people .
“ This is not a place for anarchist , monsters or terrorists .
“ We ca n't allow anyone to terrorise this parliament . We are democrats and anybody that calls themselves a democrat ca n't be defended by thugs ; a democrat is defended by the law , ” they said .
To lawmakers who belong to support groups , Dogara said “ this slant of psychophancy operating in the National Assembly , I have a message for them .
“ We were attacked in the 7th Assembly and those who collaborated with outsiders to attack us , where are they today ?
“ There is need for us to add our voice so that the public will know where we stand .
“ First of all , I have listened to debates on the social media on the attack on the senate and even enlightened people have tried to justify the morality of the invasion of the chambers .
“ There is no amount of anger that would make a member of National Assembly to procure the services of thugs to come and carry out acts of treason on the parliament .
“ And , if this can happen here , nothing stops them from invading the Supreme Court , because this place is more secured than the court .
“ So , any attack on the National Assembly is attack on Buhari ; any attack on the judiciary is an attack on Buhari and any attack on the executive is an attack on Buhari 's government , ” they said .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court rejected on Monday a second emergency application from Republican lawmakers in Pennsylvania seeking to overturn decisions from that state 's highest court , which had ruled that Pennsylvania 's congressional map had been warped by partisan gerrymandering and then imposed one of its own .
The ruling means a new map drawn by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court will very likely be in effect in this year 's elections , setting the stage for possible gains by Democrats . Under the current map , Republicans hold 12 seats while Democrats hold five and are expected to pick up another when the result of a special election last week is certified .
The latest application was denied by the full Supreme Court without comment or noted dissents .
In a terse ruling in January , the Pennsylvania Supreme Court struck down the state 's congressional map , saying that it “ clearly , plainly and palpably ” violated the state 's Constitution . The court told state lawmakers to redraw the state 's 18 House districts , which favored Republicans .
Pennsylvania Republicans asked the Supreme Court to block that ruling , but their request was rejected last month by Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Republican-controlled state legislature then drew a new map , but it was vetoed by Gov . Tom Wolf , a Democrat . The state court imposed a new map , prepared with the help of Nathaniel Persily , a Stanford law professor and an expert in legislative districting . The court said the map 's voting districts were not warped by politics and “ follow the traditional redistricting criteria of compactness , contiguity , equality of population and respect for the integrity of political subdivisions . ”
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — If you 're planning a Super Bowl party and you 're not sure what to make , we 've got some ideas to help you out .
Celebrity caterer Andrea Correale stopped by with an impressive spread that 'll be sure to wow your guests .
Blackberry Plum Hoisin Asian Meatballs
Yield : 4-6 servings
Ingredients
Meatballs
¼ c. milk
½ c. panko breadcrumbs
1½ lb . ground beef
1 egg beaten
3 cloves garlic , minced
2 tbsp . green onion , minced
3 tbsp . finely grated carrot
2 tbsp . low-sodium soy sauce
¼ tsp . ground ginger
1/4 tsp . salt
1/4 tsp . black pepper
Sauce
½ c. hoisin sauce
1/4 c blackberry perserves
¼ c. rice vinegar
3 garlic cloves , minced
3 tbsp . low-sodium soy sauce
1 tsp . sesame oil
¼ tsp . ground ginger
¼ tsp . red pepper flakes
INSTRUCTIONS
Preheat the oven to 500ºF . Spray a baking dish with cooking spray .
In a bowl , stir together the milk and Panko breadcrumbs .
Add the beef , minced garlic , Chinese five-spice powder , chopped scallions , beaten egg , soy sauce and sesame sauce to the bowl . Mix all the ingredients together and form meatballs
Place the shaped meatballs into the prepared pan and bake for 15-18 minutes , or until the meatballs are fully cooked .
To make the sauce , mix together the Hoisin sauce and blackberry jam in a small sauce pan over medium heat .
Brush or toss meatballs with glaze
New England Clam Chowder
Serves 4-6
Ingredients
3 slices of uncooked bacon
1 cup chopped celery
1 cup chopped onions
2 garlic cloves , minced
2 pounds steamer clams
1 cup white wine
1 cup heavy cream
1 carrot , peeled and chopped
1 pound new potatoes , peeled and cut into small pieces
1 cup clam juice
2 sprigs fresh thyme
1 bay leaf
1 lime
Instructions
In a sauté pan , add bacon and cook until translucent , 3 to 4 minutes . . Add celery , onion and garlic and continue cooking 3 to 4 minutes . . Add clams and white wine to the mixture . Cover and let simmer until clams open up , about 5 minutes . Remove clams from the pan and place on the side .
Transfer the remaining contents of the sauté pan to a large pot and add the cream , carrot , potatoes , clam juice , thyme , and bay leaf . Bring to a boil and let simmer for 15 minutes .
Remove clams from their shells and toss lime
To serve , divide clam mixture among 4-6 bowls and pour the chowder on top
Boston Baked Beans
Ingredients
1/2 lb sliced bacon
1 onion , chopped
3 garlic cloves , pressed
1/4 cup Brown Sugar
1/4 cup Molasses
1/2 cup ketchup
2 TBSP white vinegar
4 cans ( 15-16 oz each ) pork and beans , undrained
2 cans ( 15.5 oz each ) dark red kidney beans , drained and rinsed
Instructions
Cook bacon in skillet over medium heat until crisp . Cut into “ bacon bits ” and set aside . Sautee onion in left over bacon drippings until translucent but a little al dente , 3 min . Press garlic into skillet , cook and stir 1 minute . Add brown sugar , molasses , and vinegar to skillet ; cook and stir until sugar is dissolved and mixture is bubbly . Add bacon , ketchup , and beans to skillet . Bring mixture to a boil . Transfer into a Pyrex dish .
Bake 60 minutes at 375 degrees
Bohemian Guacamole
Ingredients
2 avocados peeled and cut into small pieces
1/2 of a pineapple grilled and then diced small
6 strips of bacon cooked up until crisp , then broken into small pieces
1 lime juiced
1/4 tsp . chili powder
1/4 tsp . garlic powder
1/4 tsp . cumin
salt to taste
cilantro about 1 tbsp . or to taste
Instructions
Mix together your avocado and pineapple and bacon . Add all of the seasonings listed above . Squeeze your lime juice over the mixture to prevent browning . Cover and refrigerate until serving . Serve with chips and or Veggies
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
FRANKFURT , Germany ( AP ) — Prosecutors in the German city of Stuttgart are investigating two employees of auto components and technology firm Robert Bosch LLC in the U.S. on suspicion of being accessories to fraud in connection with manipulated diesel emissions in Fiat Chrysler vehicles .
Prosecutors said in a statement that the case involved Jeep Grand Cherokee and Ram 1500 models produced since 2014 with 3.0 liter diesel engines . The statement said that the vehicles had been found to have emission controls that turned off without any technical justification when the vehicles were not being tested .
Robert Bosch LLC is the U.S. division of Robert Bosch GmbH , based in Gerlingen , near Stuttgart . The statement said that the relevant acts contributing to fraud took place in the Stuttgart prosecutor 's area of responsibility .
NCC 's fine not responsible for sack of 259 employees , says MTN
Telecommunications firm , MTN yesterday said the disengagement of 259 employees had nothing to do with the N1.04 trillion fine imposed on it by the Nigeria Communication Commission ( NCC ) .
The fine was reduced to N330 billion after negotiations with the NCC , is to be paid by installments within three years .
MTN 's Acting Head of Corporate Services , Mrs. Oyeronke Oyetunde who appeared before the Saheed Akinade-Fijabi led House of Representatives committee on Telecommunications , explained that the workers were disengaged after MTN 's operations went digital .
Oyetunde was responding to a question by Diri Douye ( PDP Bayelsa ) about insinuations that MTN embarked on the disengagements after the NCC sanctioned it last year .
They told members of the committee probing the job and revenue losses in the telecom sector that MTN had 1,493 workers with 15 expatriates while 356 workers were disengaged last year .
They added that 194 of the employees left voluntarily while 65 others were relieved at management 's discretion .
“ MTN had always outsourced its call centres over the years and had already commenced the process of recruiting between 100 -150 workers of the targeted 240 new intakes that could fit into its digital operations .
But dissatisfied with the explanation that some of the disengaged workers left voluntarily , the committee directed the MTN official to make available an inventory of all the disengaged workers to enable them ascertain their mode of exit to substantiate the claim .
A member of the committee , Nnenna Elendu-Ekeje ( PDP Abia ) enjoined MTN to suggest ways to galvanize the telecommunications sector to avert further job losses and boost revenue for the government .
Meanwhile , Airtel 's Director of Human Resources , Gbemiga Owolabi , in their submission disclosed that 90 workers left the company last year , adding that 60 others resigned voluntarily , six exited due to unethical practices while 14 others were disengaged .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — LeBron James scored 40 points as part of their third triple-double in four games and the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Milwaukee Bucks 124-117 on Monday night as coach Tyronn Lue began their leave of absence to address health issues .
Lue said Monday in a statement they have been dealing with chest pains and loss of sleep , and that tests have offered no conclusion about what the issue is . Associate head coach Larry Drew will run the team in Lue 's absence .
James scored 17 points in the third quarter and finished with 12 rebounds and 10 assists for their 16th triple-double this season and 71st of their career .
The four-time MVP took over in the third beginning with back-to-back 3-pointers . After not getting a foul called on a third attempt , they finished Cleveland 's next possession with a massive dunk . They were fouled attempting another dunk and made both free throws the following time down .
Milwaukee cut a 17-point lead to 117-109 , but James drove the length of the floor for a dunk with just over a minute left .
Cavaliers All-Star forward Kevin Love returned after missing six weeks because of a broken left hand and scored 18 points in 25 minutes . They sparked a 10-0 run in the second quarter with two 3-pointers
Giannis Antetokounmpo had 37 points and went 11 for 11 at the foul line for Milwaukee , which is seventh in the Eastern Conference . Khris Middleton had 30 points , making 11 of 16 from the field .
Milwaukee guard Jason Terry was given a Flagrant-1 foul for hitting Ante Zizic in the face with an open hand while the rookie center was putting up a shot in the lane . Zizic made both free throws , helping spark a run that built a double-figure lead .
Lue , 40 , led Cleveland to the 2016 NBA championship after taking over for David Blatt midway through that season .
The Cavaliers ( 41-29 ) are third in the Eastern Conference and have endured roster shake-ups , injuries and other distractions as they try to reach the NBA Finals for the fourth straight time .
No timetable has been given for when Lue will return . They missed the second half Saturday , the second time this season they left a game because they are n't feeling well . Lue also sat out a game against Chicago at home in December .
GOING OUT ON A HIGH NOTE
The Cavaliers honored former Browns tackle Joe Thomas , who attended the game after holding a retirement press conference Monday . James embraced Thomas , who received a standing ovation in an on-court tribute during a timeout .
TIP-INS
Bucks : Antetokounmpo picked up their second foul at the 5:58 mark of the first quarter and went to the bench . They scored 10 points in the second , including a one-handed dunk off an alley-oop pass from Eric Bledsoe . ... C Tyler Zeller ( sore ribs ) missed their second straight game .
Cavaliers : G Kyle Korver scored 12 points after missing Saturday 's game because of a family matter . He 's also been dealing with a sore right foot . ... Drew hopes F Tristan Thompson , who has n't played since March 3 because of a sprained right ankle will return this week . ... Larry Nance Jr. ( sore right hamstring ) , Rodney Hood ( strained lower back ) and Cedi Osman ( strained left hip flexor ) are also out .
UP NEXT
Bucks : Host Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday .
Cavaliers : Host Toronto on Wednesday .
___
More AP basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Petro Management Group , offering quality consulting and training services for 25 years , is glad to announce its upcoming training program :
Training courses :
1 . “ Heavy Oil Development ” May 28 – June 1 , 2018
2 . “ Waterflood Management ” June 11-13 , 2018
3 . “ Performance Evaluation of Horizontal Well ” June 4-6 , 2018
4 . “ Review of Well Injection Tests ” June 18 , 2018
5 . “ Well Test Analysis for Non-specialists ” June 21 , 2018
Lunch and Learn presentations :
1 . Mini Frac ( DFIT ) Applications , May 23 , 2018
2 . Performance Evaluation of Multi-stage Frac of Horizontal Wells , June 7 , 2018
3 . THAI - A Novel In-Situ Combustion Technology , June 14 , 2018
4 . Why Waterflood Became More Attractive in Saskatchewan , June 27 , 2018
For more information about the course visit our website www.petromgt.com
To register or receive more information about the course , please contact us at e-mail pmg @ petromgt.com or call us at +1 ( 403 ) 216-5100 Ext . 1
Drummond Road , between Crawford Street and Sheldon Avenue , has been temporarily closed as the city repairs a water main break in the area .
City hall advises water may be slightly discoloured and off taste after the interruption , but should disappear shortly after resuming use of the water . Running the cold water tap only should help resolve the problem .
For more information , call the Niagara Falls Service Centre at 905-356-1355 .
Osinbajo meets South East leaders over Biafra , Arewa youth threat
Mr. Osinbajo says there is no doubt the government will deal decisively with troublemakers .
The post Osinbajo meets South East leaders over Biafra , Arewa youth threat appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After soaring to $ 4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend , the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise , topping a record $ 4,300 on Monday — nearly $ 1,000 above its rate one week ago , according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange .
Bitcoin settled back under the $ 4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning , according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency .
`` The bitcoin market cap soared past $ 70 billion , '' says CryptoCoins News , adding that a `` flippening '' that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass , as `` bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal . ''
A bitcoin could be bought for around $ 570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today 's exchange rate .
Reporting on the rise , the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $ 138 billion on Monday .
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors , from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — bitcoin classic and bitcoin cash . That change , which became official on Aug. 1 , was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure ; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently .
Formally introduced in 2009 , bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors . And blockchain , the technology that underlies bitcoin , has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers track investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs .
Other factors , such as bitcoin 's role as a hedge against political uncertainty , also play a role . A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a `` surge of interest '' in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats . The network also says there 's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan , with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases .
It 's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders . After the virtual currency hit a record $ 2,420 in May , The Economist ran a story asking , `` What if the bitcoin bubble bursts ? '' and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips .
Noting that `` Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $ 1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010 , when the price stood at $ 0.05 , would now have a stash worth $ 46 million , '' The Economist added that `` Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable '' — before concluding , `` If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble , this is it . ''
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has no chance of taking part in next year 's presidential election because of a previous conviction for embezzlement , the head of Russia 's election commission told TV Rain late on Wednesday .
Navalny , an outspoken critic of President Vladimir Putin , has said they want to run for the presidency in March 2018 . Putin , who has dominated Russia 's political landscape for 17 years , is widely expected to run for what would be their fourth term , but has yet to confirm they will do so .
Navalny has become the most prominent opposition challenger after organizing some of the biggest anti-Kremlin protests in years , seeking to leverage public anger over what they say is grotesque official corruption to boost their popularity .
But they suffered a setback in February when a court handed them a suspended five-year jail term for embezzlement in a case they said was trumped up to frustrate their presidential bid .
Ella Pamfilova , the head of the Central Election Commission , told TV Rain late on Wednesday that the conviction meant a presidential run by Navalny was out of the question .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , This email address has already registered for this newsletter . Close
`` I am afraid to be discourteous , '' said Pamfilova . `` But I understand - and they understand themselves - that they have no chance of being registered for the election due to their previous conviction . ''
I comments , made days after Navalny organized another big anti-Kremlin protest , follow those of another senior election official who last month said Navalny would have to overturn their embezzlement conviction to be able to run .
Leonid Volkov , a Navalny ally , said they thought the authorities were bluffing .
`` The more they say this , the greater my certainty that there will be no other option but for them to register him , '' Volkov said on social media .
For now , opinion polls show Navalny would be defeated by Putin , 64 , by a wide margin if they did run . But Navalny , a 41-year-old lawyer , has embarked upon a campaign they hope will improve their chances by harnessing the Internet and by making frequent visits to the provinces where they are less known .
They are currently serving out a 30-day jail sentence after a judge found them guilty of repeatedly violating the law on organizing public meetings following big June 12 protests .
`` We did a good job all around on a lot of areas , '' Trotz said . `` We cleaned a few things . There are some areas that we 've still gone to adjust , but it was a step forward . ''
After killing off a penalty early in the second period , Washington pushed ahead on a power play of its own at 5:38 when Ovechkin scored their 13th goal of the playoffs from a tight angle thanks to Eller 's slick cross-ice pass .
Eller then set up Orpik , who last scored in the post-season all the way back in April 2014 , on a shot that struck the leg of Vegas forward Cody Eakin and bounced past Fleury at 9:41 to make it 3-1 .
`` Brooksy does n't score a lot of goals , but that was a huge one , '' Eller said of the 37-year-old blue liner . `` To have success in the playoffs you need every single guy chipping in . ''
Orpik was n't available to the media after the game because they were getting stitches from the Capitals ' medical staff .
`` He 's old-school , '' Washington forward T.J. Oshie said . `` To see them get rewarded with a goal at a big time , it makes me feel good .
`` I imagine they feel great . ''
The Knights entered Monday with a 7-1 home record in the post-season — outscoring opponents by 31-16 in the process — and made it 3-2 with 2:13 left in the second when Theodore scored their third on a seeing-eye snapshot from the point through traffic on a power play .
Vegas got a 5-on-3 man advantage for 1:09 when Tom Wilson took an interference penalty and Eller was whistled for hooking early in the third , but Holtby , who allowed five goals on 33 shots in Game 1 after posting back-to-back shutouts to close out the Tampa Bay Lightning in the Eastern Conference final , managed to hold the fort .
`` We had good looks , '' Knights forward Jonathan Marchessault said . `` We just need to be more selfish and shoot the puck . The plays were there . ''
Holtby then made that diving paddle stop on Tuch that will be replayed over and over .
`` Thank God he 's our goalie , '' Ovechkin said .
`` I 've got to bury that , '' Tuch lamented .
The Knights continued to push and pulled Fleury for an extra attacker , but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage .
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena , which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice , also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture .
The teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday 's 10-goal outburst , and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first .
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa 's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov , who tried to knock the puck down with their glove , before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for their fifth .
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games , with each occurring in first period and six coming inside eight minutes .
Kuznetsov , who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points , took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding their left arm .
The Russian centre , who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room , did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury . Trotz did not provide an update when asked about Kuznetsov 's status at their press conference .
The same way Wilson 's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights , the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring their sixth with 2:33 left on the clock .
With the teams playing 4-on-4 , Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny , who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting .
Eller signed a five-year , US $ 17.5-million contract extension in February , and now has the same amount of goals ( six ) in these playoffs as they did in the first 50 post-season games of their career .
`` The more I 'm out there , the more I feel on the puck — better flow in my game , '' Eller said . `` We were a little more on our toes tonight . ''
Notes : The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues , although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final that year after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises . ... The Capitals ' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings .
___
Follow @ JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton , The Canadian Press
CBS Local — It 's not uncommon for cat owners to catch their four-legged friends doing a little hunting and leaving them a mauled bird on the doorstep . In Australia however , the feline hunters are reportedly racking up quite a body count . According to a new study , cats down under are killing over a million birds a day .
Here 's a super cute pic of my cat killing a bird 😍 pic.twitter.com/5kRFeZQId3 — Sam Simon ( @ simon_says_98 ) April 15 , 2015
Researchers at Charles Darwin University say that wild cats alone are killing around 316 million birds a year on the continent . Another 61 million were picked off by pet cats . “ Everyone knows that cats kill birds , but this study shows that , at a national level , the amount of predation is staggering , ” lead researcher John Woinarski said .
It might be a natural instinct of cats to track down their feathered prey , but the study adds that the incredible kill rate in Australia is actually threatening some local bird species with extinction .
“ We found records of cats killing 338 species of native birds , of which 71 were threatened species , ” Sarah Legge of the Australian National University explained , via The Guardian . “ That 's about 60 percent of the threatened species in Australia . ”
Feral cats , which now have a population in the millions in Australia , have reportedly wiped out many local mammals since they were brought to the country from Europe nearly two hundred years ago .
“ Australia is the only continent on Earth other than Antarctica where the animals evolved without cats , which is a reason our wildlife is so vulnerable to them , ” threatened species commissioner Gregory Andrews added .
To protect the local birds from their furry predators , Australian officials have begun building a tremendous 170,000-acre cat-free zone in the country 's desert . The facility will reportedly give endangered animals a chance to repopulate and not end up on a cat owner 's doorstep .
DALLAS ( AP ) — Residents of a coastal area southwest of Houston are cleaning up debris after severe storms , including at least six tornadoes , swept through the area .
At least six people were injured in Van Vleck , about 70 miles southwest of Houston , by a weak tornado rated by a federal survey team as of EF1 strength with winds of 86 to 110 mph . An EF2 tornado with winds of 111-135 mph caused extensive damage to subdivisions 27 miles southwest of Houston . A weak tornado also was confirmed in Wharton .
Elsewhere , more than 3 inches of rain fell in some areas west of Austin , and rain was mixing with snow in the Texas Panhandle , resulting in slick roads and delays in school openings .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
3 dice , 1 injured as 4-storey building collapses in Anambra
A four-storey building , nearing its completion , collapsed at about 4am Wednesday in Oko community , Orumba North Council of Anambra State killing three persons and injuring one , NewTelegraph reports . According to the residents of the area , the rear end of the building , which had three phases , had already collapsed shortly after a heavy downpour . They said [ … ]
The post 3 dice , 1 injured as 4-storey building collapses in Anambra appeared first on Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HANOVER , N.J. – If Tyler Adams and Jesse Marsch have their way , the 18-year-old New York Red Bulls midfielder will start integrating into the United States national team before the 2018 World Cup .
2017 has been a breakout year for Adams , the Red Bulls Homegrown who started for the US in their run to the quarterfinals of the Under-20 World Cup and has cemented themselves into the Starting XI for New York . Still , he 's got more on their mind for 2018 , targeting a spot in Russia should the US take care of business in their final qualifiers against Panama on Friday ( 7 pm ET ; ESPN2 , Univision , UDN ) and at Trinidad & Tobago on Tuesday .
“ That 's definitely the goal . I know there are some [ games ] after this set of qualifiers , there are some friendlies in November as well . I 'm sure some new guys will get called into that – I do n't see why not – as long as obviously we qualify… which I think we have a good chance of on Friday night , ” Adams told MLSSoccer.com .
“ As far as the senior team , that 's the one and only goal . I do n't look at the U-20s , being in another cycle . I do n't look at in being the Olympics . I just want to get to the senior team if possible . ”
Last week , Adams scored a pair of goals in a 3-3 home draw against D.C. United , the first two goals of their MLS career . They were signed by the Red Bulls in 2015 after shining with their academy system , then played significantly with the New York Red Bulls II in the USL the last two seasons before bursting onto the MLS scene this year .
Just in time , perhaps , for the sport 's grandest stage .
In 2002 , current national team head coach Bruce Arena included two relatively untested players in Landon Donovan and Damarcus Beasley on their World Cup roster . Both were key players in the US ' run to the tournament quarterfinals and went on to cement themselves in the USMNT picture for the next decade , with Beasley on Arena 's roster for the upcoming qualifiers .
Like Adams , Donovan and Beasley worked their way up through the youth national team setup . Like Adams this year , both were teenagers as the US wrapped up qualifying for the 2002 World Cup .
And , despite their youth and lack of experience on the club level , both played fearlessly in South Korea .
“ That 's the mindset , I think I have to think like that and put the pressure on the coaching staff as long as I keep performing well , ” Adams said . “ There 's no reason why I do n't think I can compete and push for a spot there . ”
Gifted on the ball , Adams is confident on the dribble and a solid passer . But he 's also tenacious in their tackle and has a tremendous work rate .
Even off the field , he 's unique . They graduated from high school this summer and has enrolled in online courses at Southern New Hampshire University , a league partner . He 's already completed two courses and holds a 4.0 GPA . They said they want to be a sports psychologist when their playing days are done .
Marsch is in their fourth year as a head coach in MLS and their third season with the Red Bulls . A former MLS player who had two caps with the national team and served as an assistant coach under Bob Bradley at the 2010 World Cup , Marsch thinks Adams should get into the USMNT soon .
They called the World Cup “ a young man 's tournament ” and could see a player like Adams potentially being a good fit for next summer .
“ Well January camp for sure for me . I do n't think there 's any way they can be left out of January camp . The bigger picture , how big a bite can you give him ? We 'll see , ” Marsch said .
“ Ultimately , it 's not my task but if there 's anyone who wants to ask me about it , the quicker they get in the full team the better – for them and the team . He 's certainly a special player and a special person and we 've seen so much growth from him . Now , it 's just every game they keep getting better and better . They become a very important piece to our team and we 're really excited to see their development . ”
By FELICIA FONSECA
Associated Press
FLAGSTAFF , Ariz. ( AP ) - A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a Phoenix suburb in the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle , prompting the ride-hailing company Monday to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada .
Depending on who is found to be at fault , the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles , which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers .
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside a crosswalk in Tempe on Sunday night was hit , police said . The woman , identified as Elaine Herzberg , 49 , died at a hospital .
Uber suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing in the Phoenix area , Pittsburgh , San Francisco and Toronto .
The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology .
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation .
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles , leaving much of the regulation up to states .
But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles , citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . In 2017 alone , 33 states introduced legislation .
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase . As of early March , the agency received 59 such reports .
___
This story has been corrected to fix the spelling of Transportation Elaine Chao .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
AKRON , Ohio ( AP ) — In a story Feb. 3 about the recovery of recordings of Holocaust survivors singing melodies in 1946 , The Associated Press inaccurately described a Jewish district during World War II as a Polish ghetto . It was in Nazi-occupied Poland .
A corrected version of the story is below :
Ohio school recovers Holocaust survivors ' recorded melodies
Wire recordings of Holocaust survivors singing melodies at a refugee camp in France in 1946 are being heard for the first time in decades , thanks to university employees in Ohio who pieced together a device to listen to them
AKRON , Ohio ( AP ) — Wire recordings of Holocaust survivors singing melodies at a refugee camp in France in 1946 are being heard for the first time in decades , thanks to university employees in Ohio who pieced together a device to listen to them .
University of Akron officials say the six songs were sung by survivors in Henonville , France , for psychologist David Boder , who was among the first to record Holocaust survivors telling their stories during the 1940s . They recorded on steel wire , capturing the melodies with lyrics in Yiddish and German .
“ Dr . Boder was determined to give the survivors a voice , ” said David Baker , a UA professor of psychology and executive director of the Center for the History of Psychology . “ Dr . Boder is credited with being the first person to record testimony of Holocaust survivors . ”
Boder conducted numerous interviews on wire recorders , which were considered state-of-the-art equipment at the time . They also recorded religious services , folk songs and counseling sessions in addition to their work with Holocaust survivors .
The Akron Beacon Journal reports that one woman sang melodies that had been sung in a Jewish ghetto and a forced-labor camp .
Some of Boder 's spools were donated to the university in the 1960s and archived , but the content was n't discovered until a recent project to digitize the recordings .
“ It 's the most significant discovery from our collections in our 52-year history , ” Baker said . “ That we could give the world the melody to a song sung by those sentenced to their death through forced labor during one of the most unspeakable horrors and trauma of the 20th century is remarkable . ”
Boder 's recordings are also held in the Library of Congress and at UCLA in California . The University of Akron has shared its collection with the national Holocaust Museum in Washington .
Comments
comments
BEIJING ( AP ) — Volkswagen and Nissan have unveiled electric cars designed for China at a Beijing auto show that highlights the growing importance of Chinese buyers for a technology seen as a key part of the global industry 's future .
General Motors displayed five all-electric models Wednesday including a concept Buick SUV it says can go 600 kilometers ( 375 miles ) on one charge . Ford and other brands showed off some of the dozens of electric SUVs , sedans and other models they say are planned for China .
Auto China 2018 , the industry 's biggest sales event this year , is overshadowed by mounting trade tensions between Beijing and U.S. President Donald Trump , who has threatened to hike tariffs on Chinese goods including automobiles in a dispute over technology policy .
The impact on automakers should be small , according to industry analysts , because exports amount to only a few thousand vehicles a year . Those include a GM SUV , the Envision , and Volvo Cars sedans made in China for export to the United States .
China accounted for half of last year 's global electric car sales , boosted by subsidies and other prodding from communist leaders who want to make their country a center for the emerging technology .
`` The Chinese market is key for the international auto industry and it is key to our success , '' VW CEO Herbert Diess said on Tuesday .
Volkswagen unveiled the E20X , an SUV that is the first model for SOL , an electric brand launched by the German automaker with a Chinese partner . The E20X , promising a 300-kilometer ( 185-mile ) range on one charge , is aimed at the Chinese market 's bargain-priced tiers , where demand is strongest .
GM , Ford , Daimler AG 's Mercedes unit and other automakers also have announced ventures with local partners to develop models for China that deliver more range at lower prices .
On Wednesday , Nissan Motor Co. presented its Sylphy Zero Emission , which it said can go 338 kilometers ( 210 miles ) on a charge . The Sylphy is based on Nissan 's Leaf , a version of which is available in China but has sold poorly due to its relatively high price .
Automakers say they expect electrics to account for 35 to over 50 percent of their China sales by 2025 .
First-quarter sales of electrics and gasoline-electric hybrids rose 154 percent over a year earlier to 143,000 units , according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers . That compares with sales of just under 200,000 for all of last year in the United States , the No . 2 market .
That trend has been propelled by the ruling Communist Party 's support for the technology . The party is shifting the financial burden to automakers with sales quotas that take effect next year and require them to earn credits by selling electrics or buy them from competitors .
That increases pressure to transform electrics into a mainstream product that competes on price and features .
Automakers also displayed dozens of gasoline-powered models from compact sedans to luxurious SUVs . Their popularity is paying for development of electrics , which are n't expected to become profitable for most producers until sometime in the next decade .
China 's total sales of SUVs , sedans and minivans reached 24.7 million units last year , compared with 17.2 million for the United States .
SUVs are the industry 's cash cow . First-quarter sales rose 11.3 percent over a year earlier to 2.6 million , or almost 45 percent of total auto sales , according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers .
On Wednesday , Ford displayed its Mondeo Energi plug-in hybrid , its first electric model for China , which went on sale in March . Plans call for Ford and its luxury unit , Lincoln , to release 15 new electrified vehicles by 2025 .
GM plans to launch 10 electrics or hybrids in China from through 2020 .
VW is due to launch 15 electrics and hybrids in the next two to three years as part of a 10 billion euro ( $ 12 billion ) development plan announced in November .
Nissan says it will roll out 20 electrified models in China over the next five years .
New but fast-growing Chinese auto trail global rivals in traditional gasoline technology but industry analysts say the top Chinese brands are catching up in electrics , a market with no entrenched leaders .
BYD Auto , the biggest global electric brand by number sold , debuted two hybrid SUVs and an electric concept car .
The company , which manufactures electric buses at a California factory and exports battery-powered taxis to Europe , also displayed nine other hybrid and plug-in electric models .
Chery Automobile Co. showed a lineup that included two electric sedans , an SUV and a hatchback , all promising 250 to 400 kilometers ( 150 to 250 miles ) on a charge . They include futuristic features such as internet-linked navigation and smartphone-style dashboard displays .
`` Our focus is not just an EV that runs . It is excellent performance , '' Chery CEO Chen Anning said in an interview ahead of the show .
Electrics are likely to play a leading role as Chery develops plans announced last year to expand to Western Europe , said Chen . They said the company has yet to decide on a timeline .
Chery was China 's biggest auto exporter last year , selling 108,000 gasoline-powered vehicles abroad , though mostly in developing markets such as Russia and Egypt .
`` We do have a clear intention to bring an EV product as one of our initial offerings '' in Europe , Chen said .
No pupil slept on the floor at Chongwe secondary school
Dear Editor
The letter written by a worried parent of Kafue headline “ Pupils sleeping on the floor at Chongwe secondary school ” and published in local newspaper can not go without a comment .
In the first place the parent alleged that their grade 12 sons spent nights on the floor in the first week of opening due to shortage of mattresses which they claims were rented out to a named university for their residential school .
The letter further went on to accuse the same university of charging exorbitant fees and yet fail to buy mattresses for its students .
It is from this that I am compelled to write to your paper that the accusations are all false and there is no atom of truth in the letter .
First , Chongwe secondary school has enough mattresses for every pupil in the boarding .
If the named son who is grade 12 slept on the floor , the parent must know that they have a very dull boy . How can a grade 12 sleep on the floor while a grade 8 has a mattress ?
The named university is Chalimbana which used to hold its residential school at Chongwe secondary school .
On the contrary it is that same university which used to bring its mattresses as the ones pupils use are of poor quality and the student population is higher than that of pupils .
Chalimbana is one if not the cheapest public university in Zambia .
If the worried parent had brought their son on Sunday and collect the report form they would have met a team of dedicated teachers who could have told them the truth about their son 's character at school .
It is evident that this parent did n't even reach the school but wrote the letter on hearsay .
The school has an open door policy in which parents can interact with teachers at various fora .
Each house has a tutor who work 24/7 , and there are teachers on duty even on weekends . Besides there are house prefects to attend to fellow pupils .
Therefore my advice to parents is that they should not rush to the media with half data to expose their ignorance to the public .
The school administration is trying to bring sanity to the school and they need support from all well-meaning parents .
As things stand we expect better results as compared to previous years following various intervention measures put up by DEBS and school administration . Yes , together we can .
CHAKWIYA BORNFACE , CHONGWE
—————————————————–
Could HH be suffering from analysis paralysis ?
Dear Editor ,
Disappointment is many things to many people .
It is the cry of a loser and has some of the most painful feelings .
It is truly a multipart containing a subclass of other emotions such as fury , sorrow , hurt and many other sentiments .
And the hollers of UPND President Hakainde Hichilema that they are not afraid of anyone even after their 127 day incarceration , is a good sign of the man 's incorrigibility .
In short nothing can and will change HH because , for me , they are on the road to nowhere .
Who asked to be scared of anyone in this country ? Just who was they referring to ? That they can go about breaking the law with impunity ?
Are those the true qualities of a leader , someone who wants to be in State House ? I personally do not think so .
Jack Welch , former chairperson and CEO of General Electric Co. , said , “ Good business leaders create a vision , articulate the vision , passionately own the vision and relentlessly drive it to completion . ”
They said a leader must be able to communicate their or their vision in terms that cause followers to buy into it . They or they must communicate clearly and passionately , as passion is contagious .
A good leader must have the discipline to work toward their or their vision single-mindedly , as well as to direct their or their actions and those of the team toward the goal .
Action is the mark of a leader . A leader does not suffer “ analysis paralysis ” but is always doing something in pursuit of the vision , inspiring others to do the same .
For me it is clear that HH does not fit in any of Mr Welch good idea of an ideal leader .
Just why is HH full of anger such that each time they speak they spoil the day for many Zambians .
Is it because of the hidden conviction in their heart that they may NEVER rule Zambia ? That is a possible explanation .
I know it hurts them so much to imagine President Edgar Chagwa Lungu is the elected Head of State of Zambia .
May be they do not know what they are doing and that is more the reason they should turn God for guidance . Jesus never fails .
Living in self-denial will only harm their health . Zambians are watching him .
Josiah Soko ,
Salima Road ,
Matero
Under Minnesota law , permits expire every five years , at which point applicants must undergo training and pay a fee to renew their permit .
The new bill , introduced by Rep. Tony Cornish , R-Vernon Center , would establish a one-time permitting system by eliminating expiration dates from carrying permits issued after Aug. 1 .
`` It 's similar to our firearm safety certificate , '' Cornish said . `` You 're given that when you 're 11 years old , and you can handle a firearm for the rest of your life and you never have to take another class . Why do we require ( renewal ) for handguns ? ''
The bill is among gun-related legislation to garner opposition this year from anti-gun violence group Protect Minnesota .
The group took to the State Capitol Tuesday , Feb. 14 for its Broken Hearts Day event to urge lawmakers to reject bills like lifetime permits , which members called `` extreme . '' The group distributed 1,500 handmade cards to lawmakers , each one representing an incident of gun violence in the last year .
The Rev . Nancy Nord Bence , Protect Minnesota executive director , said the Cornish bill would hinder law enforcement 's ability to remove licenses from people who can no longer safely carry a gun .
The state Bureau of Criminal Apprehension reported cancelling , revoking or suspending permits from nearly 400 Minnesotans who had previously been approved to carry firearms .
The bill , they said , also raises concern over Minnesota 's aging population , who will become increasingly susceptible to dementia .
The Alzheimer 's Association estimates more than 90,000 Minnesotans over the age of 65 live with Alzheimer 's , and the number is expected to grow to 120,000 by 2020 .
`` Do we really believe that that person who was safe to carry a gun when they were 21 , or 31 or 41 still be totally completely together when they 're 91 ? '' they asked . `` We have a serious issue with our aging population that is well-armed . ''
Cornish dismissed concerns from Protect Minnesota , whom they called `` gun-haters . ''
A former police officer who chairs the House Public Safety and Security Committee , Cornish said the initial training and background check would sufficiently vet applicants the first time .
The lifetime permits holders , they said , could lose their permit if convicted of crimes that would bar them from carrying a handgun .
Cornish 's bill also aims to lower the cost of legally carrying a firearm by reducing the maximum permit fee counties can charge from $ 100 to $ 50 .
Applicants currently pay permit fees to counties in addition to the cost for permit to carry classes , which range from about $ 90 to $ 150 .
Although Protect Minnesota estimates the permit fees generate nearly $ 1 million for the state , Cornish said the process has become unduly expensive for applicants .
`` There are a number of counties who 've gotten more money in their pocket from that than they need , '' they said . `` It 's not that expensive to do background checks and issue these cards any more . ''
From the other side of the aisle , two bills to be reintroduced by Sen. Ron Latz , D-St. Louis Park , and Rep. Dave Pinto , D-St. Paul , next week have gained support from Protect Minnesota .
One bill would require background checks for any gun purchases made by private sellers in Minnesota . Only licensed retailers now are required to conduct background checks .
The second Latz-Pinto bill would establish `` red flag laws '' allowing families and law enforcement officers to petition courts to have guns temporarily confiscated from people at risk of hurting themselves or other people .
The third bill to receive support from Protect Minnesota would allocate state funding into gun violence prevention programs . Sen. Jeff Hayden , D-Minneapolis , will introduce the bill in memory of their sister , who was killed in the crossfire of an Atlanta shooting last summer .
Other Gun bills
• Permitless carry bills proposed in both the House and Senate would allow any citizen to carry `` any firearm or self-defense device '' without a permit . A carry permit would would be optional , but not required to carry a handgun . Under this bill , any public official who `` interferes with the right to carry a pistol '' would be subject to misdemeanor charges .
• A second set of permitless carry bills proposed in the House and Senate would establish a system in which a permit to carry a handgun would be optional , but not required . Permits would not be required to carry a gun in a `` public space , '' which the bill has expanded to include `` property owned , leased , or controlled by a governmental unit and private property that is regularly and frequently open to or made available for use by the public in sufficient numbers . ''
Locations not exempt from the `` public space '' definition include a person 's home , place of business or land as well as gun shows or gun shops .
• A proposed `` stand your ground '' bill would eliminate the obligation to retreat from danger in cases of self-defense by deadly force . For self-defense regarding a person 's home , the bill expands the definition of `` dwelling '' to include `` overnight stopping accommodation of any kind or place of abode . '' This could include porches , boats and cars . The original House bill also gained a companion Senate bill .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump told visiting members of the U.N. Security Council on Monday the U.S. would no longer talk with the Taliban following a recent string of deadly attacks in Afghanistan .
Trump railed against a series of `` atrocities '' in Afghanistan and said as a result the U.S. would not engage in any future talks with the Taliban as the administration seeks to end a stalemate in America 's longest war .
`` Innocent people are being killed left and right . Bombing , in the middle of children , in the middle of families , bombing , killing all over Afghanistan , '' Trump said . `` So we do n't want to talk with the Taliban . There may be a time but it 's going to be a long time . ''
The president 's comments followed a deadly car bombing attack in Kabul , the Afghan capital , that killed at least 95 people and wounded 158 more . Earlier this month , Americans were killed and injured in the Taliban 's 13-hour siege of a hotel in Kabul .
Trump 's remarks at the diplomatic luncheon marked a shift in tone on Afghanistan . The U.S. has said previously that any peace talks with the Taliban need to be part of an Afghan-led process , but the U.S. has never precluded talking to the Taliban .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who sat next to the president at the luncheon , has said previously that after an effective military effort , a political settlement including some Taliban might be possible , echoing language from former President Barack Obama 's administration . Tillerson had said the U.S. would support peace talks with the Taliban `` without preconditions . ''
Earlier in the month , U.N . Ambassador Nikki Haley , who helped organize Monday 's luncheon , said the U.S. policy on Afghanistan was working and the parties were `` closer to talks with the Taliban and the peace process than we 've seen before . ''
Several attempts to hold peace talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban have failed . In 2013 , hopes were raised when the Taliban opened an office in Qatar aimed at facilitating those talks , but a controversy over the Taliban 's move to hoist the flag it used in Afghanistan during its five-year rule ultimately derailed the talks . Since then , efforts to lure the Taliban into talks have yielded little progress .
Trump has sought to change the course of the long-running conflict , sending thousands more U.S. troops to Afghanistan and moving away from a `` time-based '' approach to one that more explicitly links U.S. assistance to concrete results from the Afghan government .
There are now about 14,000 U.S. forces there , and more trainers and advisers are scheduled to deploy in the coming months .
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis earlier this month said this will make it possible for U.S. advisers to serve with more of the Afghan units , strengthening them in the fight against the insurgents . The U.S.-led coalition has also increased targeting of Taliban opium operations , including narcotic processing facilities in Helmand Province in the south .
In more recent briefings , military leaders have said they believe the momentum is shifting . As the military operations escalate , Mattis said the next step would be to `` really come on strong at the reconciliation effort because that 's the way this is going to end . ''
The White House lunch was attended by representatives from the 15-member U.N. Security Council , including ambassadors from China , France , Russia and Britain . The discussions were expected to also focus on international hotspots such as Iran , North Korea and terrorism .
France 's U.N. ambassador Francois Delattre called the discussion `` very cordial '' and told The Associated Press that a broad range of issues were discussed , including North Korea , Iran , Yemen , Syria and a new 5,000-troop African force to fight extremists in western Africa 's vast Sahel region .
Earlier , attendees viewed missile remnants the U.S. says are proof that Iran has been arming rebels in Yemen . The Trump administration has pushed to punish Iran for funneling weapons to Houthi Shiite rebels in Yemen , which Tehran has emphatically denied .
The itinerary also included a trip to the U.S . Holocaust Memorial Museum with national security adviser H.R . McMaster .
__
Associated Press writers Josh Lederman and Lolita Baldor in Washington and Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations contributed to this report .
Bavaria break transfer record to sign Corentin Tolisso from Lyon
France midfielder Corentin Tolisso has moved to Bayern Munich from Lyon for a record fee that could reach 47.5 million euros ( $ 53.5 million ) , the Bundesliga champions announced on Wednesday .
The 22-year-old signed a five-year deal with Bavaria to bring an end to their 10-year association with Lyon .
Before bonuses Bayern paid 41.5 million euros , making Tolisso the most expensive player to be signed by a Bundesliga club , breaking the previous record set when Javi Martinez joined Bayern from Athletic Bilbao in 2012 .
It is also Lyon 's most expensive sale , ahead of Michael Essien 's departure to Chelsea for 38 million euros in 2005 .
Tolisso , who made their senior international debut against Spain in March , had been contracted to stay at Parc OL until 2020 .
They impressed in the recent French season by scoring 14 goals in all competitions , a career-best tally .
“ I had a wonderful time at Lyon , and I 'm very thankful for that , ” Tolisso said in a statement released by their new club .
“ Now I 'm really pleased to be at one of the best clubs in Europe . I have great aims for my time at FC Bayern . Today is a great day for me . ”
Tolisso is Bayern coach Carlo Ancelotti 's most expensive signing of the close season so far after the arrival of defender Niklas Suele from Hoffenheim for 20 million euros , and the permanent transfer of Tolisso 's compatriot Kingsley Coman from Juventus for 21 million .
The five-time European champions also paid Werder Bremen 10 million euros for former Arsenal winger Serge Gnabry .
After the retirement of Spaniard Xabi Alonso , there is a free slot in the Bavaria midfield .
“ We 're really pleased we 've been able to sign such a young and interesting player ahead of stiff competition from abroad . Corentin Tolisso was Carlo Ancelotti 's wish for our midfield , ” Bavaria chairperson Karl-Heinz Rummenigge added .
Tolisso will be a big miss though for Lyon , who finished fourth in Ligue 1 to miss out on a place in the Champions League .
“ Corentin is an exceptional player and without doubt one of the best European midfielders , but also a man with great personality , ” said Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas .
“ It 's a big and emotional loss for OL , but we are also proud to see one of the players trained in our academy join one of the best clubs in Europe . ”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Massive Supernova Visible Millions of Light Years from Earth
Astronomers have captured the early death throes of a massive star that was torn apart in a violent explosion in a galaxy far from Earth .
The star was already 10,000 times brighter than the sun when it collapsed in a supernova that made it shine so intensely it was visible from modern telescopes in orbit and on the ground .
Using an observatory on Palomar Mountain near San Diego , California , scientists spotted the brilliant flash of the explosion within three hours of it reaching Earth . They immediately alerted other telescope operators who swiftly turned their instruments on the stellar wreckage .
Thought to be a red supergiant more than 10 times the mass of the sun and several hundred times larger , the star detonated in a spiral galaxy named NGC7610 which sits 160m light years away in the constellation of Pegasus .
It is the first time that astronomers have measured light from a supernova in its infancy , a feat that Norbert Langer , an astrophysicist at the University of Bonn who was not involved in the study , called “ a remarkable achievement ” .
Measurements of the dying star show that it was shrouded in a 10bn-km-thick cloud of gas which formed when material equivalent to a thousand Earths blasted from the surface in the final year of the star 's lifetime .
“ Until several years ago , catching a supernova a week after the explosion was regarded as early , ” said Ofer Yaron , an astrophysicist who worked on the data at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel . “ This is not the case any more . ”
The first flicker from the stellar explosion was detected on 6 October 2013 by the Intermediate Palomar Transient Factory ( iPTF ) . On seeing the flash , researchers sent an alert to other astronomers to take what recordings they could . One scientist , Dan Perley , used the Keck telescope in Hawaii to analyze light coming from the supernova within six hours of the explosion . Other telescopes joined in , as did NASA 's Swift satellite , which captured x-rays and UV light from the event .
The data reveal that the explosion probably came from a red supergiant surrounded by a shell of material which had been ejected from the star over a few hundred days at 100km per second . When the star exploded this shell would have been obliterated as several suns ' worth of matter , including all of the elements forged in the star 's core , blasted outwards at 10,000km ( 6,200 miles ) per second .
The observations , reported in Nature Physics , have handed astronomers their best view yet of the most violent events in the universe . In the future , they hope to capture supernova at even earlier stages , within an hour or less of the explosions happening .
Astronomers expect one star , on average , to explode in a galaxy every 100 years . But the most recent supernova observed in the Milky Way was spotted in 1604 by Johannes Kepler . Unless stars have been exploding on the far side of the Milky Way -- where the light would be swamped by other stars -- we are long overdue a supernova in our cosmic neighborhood . That would be a boon for astronomers , if unsettling for the rest of us . “ If you ask swimmers in the sea , they do n't want to see sharks . But if you ask divers , that 's all they want to see . It 's the same thing . We all hope there will be a supernova in the Milky Way soon , ” said Yaron . “ As long as it 's not too near . ”
Image Credit : IStock .
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork/AP ) — White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said a pipe bomb explosion in an underground walkway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal shows the need for “ immigration reform . ”
Sanders said Monday that Congress should work with the president , stressing the need to “ protect our borders ” and calling for a “ merit-based ” immigration system .
Authorities say 27-year-old Akayed Ullah , inspired by the Islamic State group , set off a pipe bomb strapped to their body in the passageway on West 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues , which connects the Port Authority Bus Terminal to the Times Square subway station . Ullah is from Bangladesh . They arrived in the United States in February 2011 and had a visa . They came in with their parents and siblings and subsequently obtained a Green Card and became a permanent U.S. resident
EXTRAS : Traffic/Transit Changes | Videos | Photos
“ We know that the president 's policy calls for an end to chain migration which is what this individual came to the United States through , ” Sanders said . “ If their policy had been in place then that attacker would not have been allowed to come into the country . ”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a statement calling for a merit-based immigration system .
“ We have now seen two terrorist attacks in New York City in less than two months that were carried out by people who came here as the result of our failed immigration policies that do not serve the national interest—the diversity lottery and chain migration , ” Sessions said . “ The 20-year-old son of the sister of a U.S. citizen should not get priority to come to this country ahead of someone who is high-skilled , well educated , has learned English , and is likely to assimilate and flourish here . ”
“ It is a failure of logic and sound policy not to adopt a merit-based immigration system , ” Sessions added . “ That means welcoming the best and the brightest and turning away not only terrorists but gang members , fraudsters , drunk drivers , and child abusers . Such a merit-based system would make us safer and welcome individuals who would be best able to assimilate and flourish in our country . ”
New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker said President Donald Trump 's priorities are in the wrong place when it comes to security .
“ This is the most perverse priority that this president has , ” said Booker .
Booker says Trump talks out of one side of their mouth about public safety , yet is focused on building a wall along America 's southern border which the senator says will do little to nothing to actually protect against attacks like the one near the Port Authority bus terminal .
Booker believes the billions of dollars it would take to build that wall should be going to strengthening local law enforcement .
“ What 's going to make you safer in the long run is building up those first responders , ” Booker said . “ We have police departments up and down the state of New Jersey that are in desperate need of more resources . ”
The senator wants Transportation Security Administration to put greater emphasis on rail safety , saying the TSA is not just the airline safety administration .
“ We in America should be doing more to secure our subway systems and our rail systems , ” Booker said .
Ullah and five other people were injured in Monday 's incident .
( © Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Youth education : Commissioner advocates values , integrity
By Fredrick Okopie
THE Lagos State Commissioner for Establishment , Training and Pensions , Dr. Benson Oke , said the mind of children and youths are impressionable such that parents , teachers and the society have a unique and valuable opportunity to positively impress these fertile minds with ideas for true values of integrity and greatness .
Oke who was the special guest at the annual leadership lecture of Dansol High School , Lagos , spoke on the topic : Becoming an uncompromising leader of positive impact of values and integrity , said this initiative should be commended . They also commended the governing authorities of the school for their vision and foresight in initiating these lecture series and for their steadfastness in sustaining same .
They expressed delight at the efforts of the school in going the extra mile to mould today 's youths into the leaders of tomorrow with values .
Oke noted that this year 's theme bears a very relevant message for the Nigerian society . “ We seem to be bereft of leaders whom our youths can look up to . The best of our leaders are tainted with deeds and failings that do not encourage our youths to appreciate the place of values and integrity in an individual 's character and in the society as a whole . ”
The commissioner advised the students to imbibe the seven lessons of life if they want to succeed . “ First , never forget that all life is a test ; never underestimate the value of experience and the need to listen to wise counsel . Do the hard work , be consistent , do n't compare yourself to others and be truthful . ”
The post Youth education : Commissioner advocates values , integrity appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ethiopian airlines lands airbus in Abuja Tuesday
Ethiopian Airlines says it will land a brand new Airbus 8350 at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport , Abuja , on Tuesday to mark the reopening of the airport on Wednesday . The Airline 's Traffic and Sales Manager , Mrs Firiehiwot Mekonnen , made this known to the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) on Monday in Abuja . Mekonnen said that the aircraft would land in Abuja on its first day of operation from Addis Ababa and that it would remain on Abuja route .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Five years into the life of the Northern Nevada Business Weekly , the economy in the region — and throughout the country — started to crumble .
`` In 2007 , we were really seeing the effects , '' John Seelmeyer , the first editor of the NNBW , said in an interview . They watched the Great Recession unfold in Northern Nevada from a front row seat .
`` I was on a first name basis with the bankruptcy court judge , '' they said . `` A lot of personal friends were hurt . ''
That was true internally , too .
`` We had to lay off people , cut back people 's hours , and at the same time we were covering this stuff and covering it in ways that were meaningful . ''
Many were hard hit .
Recommended Stories For You
Seelmeyer relayed the story of how hard it was for a branch bank president who received a call on the golf course that the FDIC was at the bank to close it .
`` We combined the very human story with fairly good explanations of what was happening , '' they said .
Ken Moen , co-publisher of the NNBW in its beginning and now general aviation specialist for the Reno-Tahoe Airport Authority , had left the paper in 2005 to pursue other ventures .
`` When the recession hit , many thought it was like the Old West 's boom and bust cycle , '' Moen told the NNBW .
They are n't as pessimistic as others and , in fact , saw what eventually lead to the region 's dramatic turnaround .
`` I saw our neighbors , California , '' they said . `` I felt that with Reno being 12 miles from the border of California , we were going to get that growth . ''
Soon , the number of businesses fleeing California 's high costs increasingly moved into the Reno region , with its quality of life and lower costs . When Tesla announced it would move to the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center , Reno gained worldwide recognition , and businesses began to flood in .
The NNBW also weathered the storm and prepared for a better future .
James Arden , who has been with the NNBW 's parent company , Sierra Nevada Media Group since 2011 , was the general manager of the business weekly as the economic pendulum swung back to prosperity .
`` It was a waiting game for us , '' Arden told the NNBW . `` Waiting for those companies to realize the worst was behind and they could start to advertise again . ''
They were confident they would come back to the NNBW .
`` The key was that the NNBW stayed relevant throughout ( the recession ) , '' said Arden , who is now the finance director for PressWorks Ink , which is also part of SNMG . `` Business owners could see it was a tool to grow their businesses . So it was easy for companies , when they were able to , to come back to us . ''
With the economy growing , the NNBW is set to continue growing , too .
`` I expect great things ( in the economy ) , '' Arden said . `` I expect great things of ourselves . ''
AMIS to solve food crisis in Nigeria–Oyawale
National Project Coordinator of Agricultural Market and Information System , AMIS , Mr. Olutayo Oyawale in this interview , among other issues , explains how AMIS can help in solving food crisis in Nigeria .
Why has it become necessary to galvanize a collective action in support of the global food security drive of the UN ?
The world 's population is predicted to hit 9Bn by 2050 , up from today 's total of nearly 7.3Bn , and with it , food demand is predicted to increase substantially .
We need platforms like AMIS for reliable data and to help us plan and formulate polices . Most of the issues highlighted are global problems , hence , resolving the food security challenges will require a multi-national and collaborative effort to integrate the best research from science , engineering and socio-economics so that technological advances can bring benefits where they are most needed . That is why it is important for us to galvanize a collective action for global food security .
What are the roles FAO and AMIS are playing in the campaign for food security especially in Nigeria where we are said to import a larger part of our food ?
Contribute to the design of the Strategic Plan for Agricultural and Rural Statistics ( SPARS )
Developing a system to provide the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development reliable data that will aid identification of major challenges faced by the food producers and formulation of effective policies to create a more enabling environment that will result in higher yields of quality food .
As an expert in ICT , how did you become part of a drive towards global food security and what was your role in creating the AMIS CAPI System ?
As an ICT expert , I 'm a solutions provider . The identification of a problem and the cause of the problem aids the design a solution . I was part of the design and implementation team for AMIS CAPI system .
With the deliberate and comprehensive nature of the available data via AMIS CAPI data portal , who are the target audience and how much access will give to the data collected via AMIS CAPI System ?
The general public are the target audience for the crowdsourcing use of the AMIS CAPI system , which is designed for the production of unofficial data that can address the daily data needs of all data users while the Ministeries , Departments , Agencies in Nigeria will be the users of AMIS CAPI system for the production of official data in Nigeria . The crowdsourced data will be made available to all data users .
It is important to note that the AMIS CAPI system was not setup to compete with the NBS that is the custodian of official data and coordinator of national statistical system in Nigeria . The system is setup to enable MDAs improve their Agricultural data collection process .
What are the economic benefits of having a functional data system like AMIS CAPI System in Nigeria ?
These are the benefits : It improves the efficiency of agricultural data collection process in Nigeria by providing a monitoring and evaluation system .
It helps reduce the time take to produce agricultural data
It reduces the cost of agricultural data production .
AMIS CAPI system can easily integrate with systems that have commercial values to agricultural output producers and consumers e.g an agric marketplace .
Considering the diversified approach of most Nigerian farmers to planting of crops , will AMIS provide information on other crops aside the four major crops ?
Yes , AMIS CAPI system will provide information on other crops . The four focus crops were only selected for the pilot exercise .
What are the lessons learnt during the crowdsourcing pilot phase ?
Understanding the strengths and weaknesses of the data contributors proved very useful in the creation of a bespoke system that was able to effectively cater for the needs of the target audience .
It is more productive to work collectively than in isolation regardless of our role in the Agricultural value chain . The success of the pilot exercise is largely the result of the eventual cooperation amongst the traders and farmers in the pilot LGAs in Kaduna state .
Contrary to the common believe that humans find it difficult to accept changes , the pilot exercise proved that everyone is open to change as long as they see the benefits and positive impacts of such change .
What are the various doors of opportunities the AMIS CAPI System will open up for farmers , entrepreneurs , investors and other players in the agric value chain
AMIS CAPI system will create a virtual meeting room for farmers , entrepreneurs , investors and other players in the agricultural value chain , which will improve the exchange of information that is undoubtedly very key to business and economic growth .
The system will also provide a robust database for creative Nigerian youths that are planning to develop business solutions towards improving agribusiness in Nigeria .
What is the most exciting about this project ?
That 's a tough question . Almost every aspect of the project implementation was very exciting . However , I will always remember the excitement and level of involvement shown by the farmers and traders in the pilot state after tough weeks of training and dialogues to enable them to see the benefits and importance of data/information sharing .
When will the crowdsourcing pilot data portal become available to the public ?
The AMIS CAPI system and data portal are now the properties of the FMARD . I am sure FMARD will announce the release date very soon . However , the pilot data portal is available .
The post AMIS to solve food crisis in Nigeria–Oyawale appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DRIVING OUT STIGMA : Irina Foster hopes more awareness around mobility scooter laws and regulations will help reduce the endless abuse they face as a mobility scooter user .
DRIVING OUT STIGMA : Irina Foster hopes more awareness around mobility scooter laws and regulations will help reduce the endless abuse they face as a mobility scooter user . Marian Faa
IRENA Foster looks back on the day they almost got collected by a semi-trailer at a Warwick intersection and wishes they had known about mobility scooter laws .
Strict rules are designed to address the dangers of mobility scooter use but many ignore the laws or do n't know they exist .
`` People have n't got a clue , '' Ms Foster said .
A mobility scooter user for 10 years , Ms Foster only came across the laws when recently helping their daughter apply for a learner licence .
Things like wearing a helmet , driving less than 12km/h and keeping to the left on footpaths are part of a suite of rules mobility scooter users must abide by .
DID YOU KNOW : People on mobility scooters must keep left on footpaths and drive on the right side of the road . They must wear a helmet and can not use a mobile phone while driving . Marian Faa
Dangers need addressing with ageing population
In Australia , at least 62 people have died from mobility scooter accidents .
Warwick resident Nick Inmon 's father passed away after suffering serious brain injuries from a scooter accident in 2016 .
The 70-year-old man was knocked off their scooter and trapped under a car when a vehicle failed to give way at an intersection .
Mr Inmon said an ageing population meant road regulators would have to address a higher volume of mobility scooters .
`` They may need to run courses for people who use them , '' they said .
But Ms Foster said the physical danger was just part of the problem .
MORE TO Them STORY : Irena Foster has osteoarthritis and heart conditions that affect their mobility . They hope more awareness will make roads and footpaths safer for scooter users . Marian Faa
Abuse from all angles
They said the constant stream of abuse was something that would take much longer to address .
`` Pedestrians will swear at me , call me fat and useless , '' they said .
On the road , other vehicles honk , flash their headlights and tell them to move to the other side of the road .
Ms Foster hoped increased awareness of the regulations would improve safety and reduce the `` obscene '' abuse they faced every day .
`` People just think we are too lazy to walk and they do n't understand we are just trying to follow the rules . ''
Under law , failing to keep left could land Ms Foster with an $ 84 fine .
But many pedestrians expect them to steer to the right on the footpath to move out of their way .
BIG ISSUE : Driving down the main street , Irina Foster cops endless abuse from people who do n't understand the medical condition behind their mobility scooter . Marian Faa
More to mobility that laziness
Ms Foster said stigma surrounding the use of mobility scooters was everywhere .
`` People comment on my size , but they do n't know what I have been through , '' they said .
Suffering from osteoarthritis , Ms Foster uses a mobility device to `` save them from the embarrassment '' of falling over if they stand for extended periods of time .
`` People do n't seem to understand that I have a medical condition that makes me need this scooter , '' they said .
In order to register their vehicle with the Department of Transport , Mrs Foster had to go through rigorous medical checks .
The Department was unable to provide a response .
CHARDON , Ohio — The Omega Chapter of Delta Kappa Gamma , a society of women educators in Geauga County , is offering a grant-in-aid to a female student who is entering their senior year in college and is majoring in education .
The applicant must be a graduate of a Geauga County high school .
The deadline for completed applications is Aug. 6 .
Interested applicants should contact Deborah Hofstetter , Grant-in-Aid Committee , Delta Kappa Gamma , P.O . Box 313 , Chardon , OH 44024 .
In one of ABC News ' “ 18 for '18 ” races , the fight for the identity of the Democratic Party between its progressive and establishment wings has spilled into Illinois 3rd Congressional District where Blue Dog Democrat Dan Lipinski is facing a challenge from activist Marie Newman , who has the backing of Sen. Bernie Sanders , EMILY 's List and a handful of labor groups .
Money has dominated the high-profile gubernatorial primaries in the state — $ 100 million has been spent already on the Republican and Democratic sides .
Gov . Bruce Rauner , likely the most vulnerable GOP incumbent governor in the nation , has been dogged by a budget crisis and sagging approval ratings . J.B. Pritzker , the heir to the Hyatt Hotel fortune , has emerged as the front-runner on the Democratic side , setting up a multi-million versus billionaire battle that could be the most expensive gubernatorial race of the cycle .
Democrats are also sorting out primaries in a number of congressional districts both in the Chicago suburbs and downstate that are expected to be competitive come November .
In a continuation of a national trend emerging in 2018 , female candidates have emerged as contenders in congressional races across the state , a sign that the 'pink wave ' may continue its rise Tuesday night .
Here are five things to watch ahead of Tuesday night 's competitive primaries :
IL-03 : Blue Dog Democrat fights for their political life in Dem proxy war
As Democrats look to take back the House in 2018 , the party is still grappling with internal divisions between its more progressive and centrist wings .
No race highlights the divisions within the party more than Illinois ' 3rd Congressional District . Seven-term incumbent Dan Lipinski — one of the most conservative Democrats in Congress — is facing a serious challenge from progressive newcomer Marie Newman .
Getty Images | AP , FILE
A Lipinski has represented the area in Congress for the last 35 years . Rep. Dan Lipinski was first elected to Congress in 2004 , after their father , Rep. William Lipinski , dropped out of the general election , and the Democratic Party tapped the younger Lipinski to fill the empty slot .
Since being elected , Lipinski has held positions often at odds with the rest of their party . They hold strong pro-life beliefs and voted against Obamacare and the DREAM act . They also did not publically endorse President Obama for a second term .
Newman is the first serious challenge Lipinski has faced and he 's looking to capitalize on the progressive movement that began after the 2016 election . Newman — who is running for office for the first time — is campaigning on a pro-choice , pro-LGBT , healthcare-for-all agenda .
Perhaps the starkest indication of the divide between these two candidates is the big name endorsements they 've nabbed . Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi — who has said that abortion should not be a litmus test for the party , and has faced pressure to step aside to allow for new leadership in the party — has given their support to Lipinski . On the other side , progressive Senator Bernie Sanders has thrown their support behind Newman and them agenda .
One thing the district does n't have to worry about ? Pushing conservative Democrats to vote for a Republican if Newman wins Tuesday night .
The district is deeply blue and went for Bernie Sanders in 2016 primary and Hillary Clinton in the General Election .
The only Republican running in the district was Holocaust denier and self-described ‘ white racialist ' Arthur Jones until after the filing deadline had passed .
The Million Dollar Men
With over $ 160 million spent by candidates on both sides , the Illinois gubernatorial race has the potential to be the most expensive in American history , and with two ultra-wealthy business people expected to capture nominations Tuesday night , the heavy spending seems poised to continue .
There is no more vulnerable incumbent Republican governor in the country than Bruce Rauner . While they were able to buck Illinois ' consistent blue tint and unseat a sitting governor in 2014 , Rauner faces an uphill race for re-election in 2018 in what could be the most expensive gubernatorial race in U.S. history .
Buoyed by the eye-popping $ 57.2 million of their own money that they gave their re-election campaign , Rauner is hoping to stave off a pack of eager Democrats eyeing the governor 's mansion in the nation 's sixth most populous state .
State Rep. Jeanne Ives is mounting a primary challenge to Rauner from the right , and just last week national Democrats tried to put their thumb on the scales . The Democratic Governors Association rolled out two television ads , one focusing on Rauner 's record on jobs and the budget and the other painting Ives as “ too conservative ” for Illinois in an attempt to boost Ives and energize the state 's more conservative voters against Rauner .
Just last week Rauner vetoed a gun control bill that passed the state legislature , a sign that they may be worried Ives could outflank them from the right on Tuesday .
On the Democratic side , J.B. Pritzker , the heir to the Hyatt Hotel fortune , is leading the pack for the nomination but is tangled in an expensive primary against State Sen. Daniel Biss and Chris Kennedy , the son of former Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy . According to campaign finance records , Pritzker has spent close to $ 70 million so far in their bid to unseat Rauner but has been dogged by their connections to former Democratic Governor and convicted felon Rod Blagojevich . Rauner has run an ad featuring a recording of Pritzker speaking to then-Gov . Rod Blagojevich in 2008 about who would replace then Illinois Senate and future President Barack Obama .
Pink wave rising
A record number of women are seeking office in 2018 , with more than 400 women running nationwide . Women in Texas saw great success in the first primary of the 2018 season — more than half of the 50 women running for Congress won their primaries or advanced to runoff elections .
Now Illinois is looking to continue the ‘ pink wave . '
Currently , only four women represent Illinois in Washington out of its 20-member congressional delegation . This year , 17 women are running for House Seats .
Courtesy of the Campaign
One race to keep an eye on Tuesday night is Illinois 6th Congressional District . That race alone has five women competing for the Democratic slot on the ticket and the chance to take on Incumbent Rep. Peter Roskam in November . The suburban district went for Clinton in 2016—which could spell trouble for Roskam , who has generally supported President Trump 's agenda .
Vulnerable GOPers get their opponents
Democrats see the path to the 24 seats they need to regain control of the House as going through the nation 's suburbs .
These suburban-held GOP seats are so important to the party , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee criticized one of their own candidates in Texas in attempt to influence the race toward their favorite to take on Republican Rep. John Culberson , whose district lies just outside of Houston .
Now the suburban attention turns to west of Chicago and the 6th Congressional District seat held by five-term GOP Rep. Peter Roskam .
Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call/Getty Images , FILE
Clinton won this seat by seven points in 2016 and it 's a heavy Democratic target this cycle .
Seven Democrats are running for the right to take on Roskam in November .
Kelly Mazeski , a scientist , has the backing of EMILY 's List and Illinois Democratic Reps. Cheri Bustos and Jan Schakowsky . She 's also been the biggest fundraiser in the race , bringing in over $ 800,000 , according to Federal Election Commission reports .
A breast cancer survivor , they announced their candidacy last May on the same day Roskam joined their fellow Republicans in voting to repeal Obamacare .
Other contenders include Amanda Howland , who ran against Roskam in 2016 but lost to them by 19 points , and Carole Cheney , a former staffer for Democratic Reps. Bill Foster and Robin Kelly , both of whom have endorsed them
Finally , there 's small business owner Becky Anderson , energy executive Sean Casten , attorney Jennifer Zordani , and Ryan Huffman , a journalist who worked for President Obama 's 2008 campaign .
Republicans are downplaying concerns about this district . One GOP strategist pointed out that Roskam has long ties the district . They grew up in the area and represented it in the state legislature from 1993 until they were elected to Congress in 2007 .
Republicans also believe their tax cut message will play well here and in other suburban races .
Unions flex their political muscle
Unions have always been a political force in Illinois , and this cycle is no different .
In the wake of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's loss in the 2016 presidential election , Democrats are still fighting to regain their standing with many blue-collar voters that have abandoned them in recent years . In Illinois , Democrats are eagerly courting the most powerful labor voices in the state , who in this instance have continually clashed with Rauner over `` Right to Work '' laws and other issues .
In the race between Lipinski and Newman , organized labor is split , with the incumbent scoring the endorsement from the Illinois AFL-CIO and the Chicago Federation of Labor , while Newman is backed by the SEIU Local 1 .
At a press conference last month , SEIU Illinois State Council President Tom Balanoff bashed Lipinski as `` out of touch with their constituents '' and labeled Newman as `` a progressive champion that third District working families need in Congress . ''
Organized labor is no fan of Rauner , and Prizker has worked hard to court them for the anticipated November match-up . Pritzker scored the endorsement of the Illinois AFL-CIO and a handful of other labor groups who are expected to go all in to defeat Rauner in November .
PHOTOS : Dino Melaye Taken to Hospital After Escape Attempt
A Senator representing Kogi State , Dino Melaye has been taken to the hospital after injuring himself . The Senator who was taken into custody earlier today allegedly tried to escape from the vehicle that was transporting them to Abuja and in the process injured himself . Melaye was taken to Zankli hospital in the Mabushi [ … ]
The post PHOTOS : Dino Melaye Taken to Hospital After Escape Attempt appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
54th Birthday : Dele Oshinowo felicitates with Ambode
The Progressive Congress ( APC ) chairpersonship candidate , Agboyi-Ketu LCDA , Mayor Dele Oshinowo has felicitated with the executive governor of Lagos State , Mr Akinwunmi Ambode , on their 54th birthday .
This was contained in a congratulatory message issued , Tuesday , in Lagos by their media office .
The chairpersonship candidate , in their statement , enjoined their family , friends , political loyalists , and well-wishers to celebrate this milestone of them attaining the joyous age of fifty-four in good health and sound mind .
Also , the chairpersonship candidate expressed gratitude to God for rewarding Lagosians with a pragmatic governor , whom has displayed a high sense of leadership , in directing the affairs of the state .
“ Within two years in office , the people 's governor has displayed a high sense of leadership , which has created a seed of unity , endeared them to Lagosians and surpassing the expectations of all . ”
” While the chant of recession is hindering good governance in the country , the governor has worked diligently to ensure the pain associated with it becomes a gain for the government and people of the state ”
“ As people from different strata of life beat the drum , all should be remindful that the singular reward needed by the governor is for them to support them with their ardent prayers to engineer them to perform beyond the expectation of man ” The statement reads .
The post 54th Birthday : Dele Oshinowo felicitates with Ambode appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. ( AP ) — Jack Morris always prided themselves on being a tough guy when they pitched , a big-game winner who would n't break down .
So guess what happened when the newly elected Hall of Famer spoke in front of George Brett , Robin Yount and a couple of their Cooperstown pals ?
They lost it .
Morris choked up several times Monday , often pausing to catch themselves as they and former Detroit Tigers teammate Alan Trammell were formally introduced a day after they were elevated forever .
`` I was a wreck , '' they said .
A Hall of a moment it was , during a news conference at the baseball winter meetings .
`` I 'm overwhelmed . I 'm grateful . I 'm honored and very humbled , '' Morris said . `` I want to share it . ''
Morris and Trammell were elected by the 16-man Modern Era Committee , which considered candidates whose biggest contributions came from 1970-87 . Brett and Yount were on the panel , along with fellow Hall of Famers Rod Carew , Dennis Eckersley , Dave Winfield , Don Sutton , Bobby Cox and John Schuerholz .
The former Detroit stars made their major league debuts in 1977 , played with the Tigers for 13 years and now will be enshrined together on July 29 .
They got a head start on the festivities by putting on Hall of Fame jerseys for photographers .
`` How does it look , buddy ? '' Trammell asked .
`` Makes you look good , '' Morris answered .
Morris earned 254 wins and was best known for throwing a 10-inning shutout in Game 7 of the 1991 World Series , pitching Minnesota past Atlanta .
Trammell was a six-time All-Star and four-time Gold Glover at shortstop , hitting .285 while scoring more than 1,000 runs and driving in more than 1,000 .
`` I 'm going to be honest . I feel a little bit out of place . The Hall of Fame , that 's got a great ring to it , '' they said . `` But when I hear 'Alan Trammell , Hall of Fame , ' it has n't resonated yet . And I 'm just speaking from the heart . ''
Morris and Trammell both fell short during their 15 years of eligibility in Hall voting by members of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America .
`` I came very close , '' Morris said . `` Tram was behind , in my opinion , where they should have been . But the process did n't work for us for a lot of reasons .
`` You want all the writers to know that I 'm not mad at any of you . ... I respect everybody for whatever they thought . Now that I 'm in , I do n't have to worry about that anymore , '' they said , drawing laughs .
Morris figures it will be a bit more emotional when it comes time for their induction speech in Cooperstown , where a throng of Detroit fans is expected to fill the upstate New York shrine .
`` I might not make it through . I 'm going to do my best . I 'm going to remember 'The King 's Speech ' and see if I can work on it , '' they said . `` I hope I can represent the people that have supported me well . I 'll do my best . ''
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Blame N'Delta Leaders for Region 's Woes , Says Akinaka
The consensus is that the federal government and oil companies should take the blame for the sordid state of the Niger Delta . But the coordinator of the Pan-Niger Delta Youth Leadership Forum , Richard Akinaka disagrees . They spoke with Ahamefula Ogbu . Excerpts :
What does the Pan-Niger Delta Youths Leadership Forum stand for and while is it protesting ?
You can call it a socio-political group for young , responsible and vibrant youth leaders across the Niger Delta to take responsibility for what happens in the region . Often times , we have come to realise that as a people , we have laid too much of the blame of the problems of the Niger Delta on the federal government without necessarily looking back at ourselves and identifying those core areas we have failed our region . The bottom-line is that Nigeria is just a union of convenience , I do n't see it as a country where everybody wants to be part of but anytime you find yourself in an unfair unionism like this , you take the best opportunities . As a people , have we not had opportunities ? We 've had opportunities ; but have we managed these opportunities well to the development of our region ? No . So as a people we had our inaugural meeting in Calabar and we found out that the greatest problem of the Niger Delta is the Niger Deltan themselves . Our leaders have failed us and this is not just a Niger Delta problem , this could be a Nigerian problem , it could be the problem of the north east , north central or the problem of the South-west but we are trying to take direct responsibility of our own problem , confronting every leadership that has failed us and making sure that we put up structures that will prevent such from happening in the future because you ask yourself , every day you wake up blaming the federal government , blame the Nigerian state for not treating us well but the opportunities we have had , have we used them well ? No . Local government administration has failed , state governors have failed . Today you can go to Bayelsa and you ca n't point out one project since democracy came that Bayelsa can look up to , no .
What of intervention agencies created specifically for the region ?
Regional intervention agencies like the NDDC and the Ministry of Niger Delta were created for the region have failed and when you look deep into those things , perhaps some people will say that Amnesty has failed too . When you look at these things you will understand that we need to take responsibility in appraising ourselves how well we have done with resources that came to our region ? Of course you have heard some IOCs coming out to say they have given so so amount to the NDDC but do we have commensurate result on ground to show that those monies have come to the region ? No . So are we still going to blame the federal government ? Blame your own people who have managed these resources poorly and until we do that , we can not have the moral standing to face outsiders and say you have not treated us well . For instance we are agitating for political space and development in Niger Delta , eventually , as God will have it , we had our own brother as President of this country for six years . Before they became president , the late president granted amnesty to agitators who were in the creeks fighting for the betterment of the region and in solving that problem , they set up structures to address these fundamental developmental issues , environmental issues . You are aware of the Ministry of Niger Delta that was solely created to address infrastructural deficit issues in Niger Delta as part of the amnesty programme . The Environment Ministry was tasked to address the environmental issues , look into the Ogoni cleanup and the entire Niger Delta clean up ; you look at the Ministry of Petroleum was tasked by the minister with membership from the Ijaw , the Niger Delta to participate , to make sure that the oil and gas industry accommodates the people which eventually led to the PIB Bill that has struggled all this while . We have the DDR sub-committee that was directly responsible for the disarmament , demobilisation and reintegration of the people that were in the creeks fighting . As God would have it , death took this president and our own brother came on board and every other aspect that would have complemented the growth of the Niger Delta was abandoned by our own brother 's government . The only amnesty programme that people know as amnesty is one subcommittee which is DDR aspect which is the only aspect still working now . Every other thing that the president ( Yar'Adua ) put in place to make sure these things do not happen in the nearby future was abandoned by our own brother with our own people in government , so who are you going to blame , are you going to blame the man from the north for not treating your region well ? Capital no . So right now what we are out to do is to appraise ourselves , look deep into areas we have done ourselves disservice and correct those things and move on . That is the essence of this group . Even the concession of refineries which is headed by a man from the Niger Delta , Ibe Kachikwu but they are doing that without consideration for the region .
What grouse does your group have with the concession of the refineries that have not been working well ?
The crux of the matter is to hold leadership accountable . If you look at the way Kachikwu is failing on two key areas , you will agree with me . When this renewed agitation came , they started a direct negotiation process with the groups , but when you are fostering or advancing such peace moves , you must be careful not to set precedence that people are being recognised for destroying national assets , for damaging oil facilities . There were the likes of Ateke , Boylof , Africa , Ogunbos who still have capacity but because the government of the day was just coming on and had not found its footing , there was need for the general Niger Delta people to give it time to come out with overall package the government had for the region , started destroying pipelines for their own selfish interests . As a minister , they started talking to the people ; it was n't bad talking to the people to stop what they were doing but you did that at the expense of those who decided to keep the peace in different locations by making them look as if they were not important . That could have made them say oh , because we are keeping the peace that is why they think that we are not important . The minister failed to talk to those who are stakeholders in the region on their own rights . If some of these people say okay let this happen , it will happen within 24 hours . Some of them have greater strength than the so-called Avengers that were destroying the pipelines . They are even patronising them .
Are you saying there are faces now behind the Avengers attacks ?
So if they are not known how did they secure the ceasefire ? They are known , do you talk with spirits ? How was Kachikwu able to secure the ceasefire ?
Back to the concession of the refineries , what are your grouses ?
The same mistake they are making ; these refineries are not working we know , and we know that government does not do well in business and that privatisation is key . If you want to privatise , you must consider the interest of the people , especially those that have suffered the environmental impact of these refineries . I will take you to Okrika and show you the waste water that runs through the densely populated Okochiri from the refinery with horrible chemical odour . Someone has given birth to a deformed baby with six legs there . I will show you the exposed pipelines and you have no consideration for them and shut the door to other people who have capacity to participate in the project by giving it to some privileged people . Are they your private properties that you are dishing out to people you wish ? If you are going to privatise , you make it open , advertise and people will participate and those who win will get it . Before you do that , you must set up the right framework . The land for those refineries were given to government on overriding public interest , now you want to concession it to private companies that will make profit out of them why not call the owners of the land and give them the absolute right to negotiate ?
But the land is already acquired by government…
Yes , acquired in overriding public interest , now they are going to private people to be managed .
Are there Niger Delta people with resources and capacity to run the refineries well ?
The minister said just over a billion dollars was required to turn around those refineries . There are people in the Niger Delta that can raise that though no one keeps that type of money but these are investment opportunities . How much did it take Femi Otedola to turn AP to Forte Oil ? Go and look at the history of the takeover of those assets , they were government assets that were given to these people at abysmal and unimaginable rates , today they are billionaires being celebrated by Forbes and the rest of them . Do you think people in the Niger Delta do n't have the technical knowhow to secure loans or get counterparts from abroad to manage them and give money back to government ?
But the government is negotiating with Nigerian Delta on granting them modular refineries licences , is that not good enough ?
We have had this problem of product shortage . This country is large to an extent that most times you experience scarcity of products . Let me tell you , 80 per cent of the products we use in this country are refined by our brothers in the Niger Delta crudely , unguidedly and when the Acting President carried our a fact finding for themselves on what actually goes on in the Niger Delta , they realised this and the JTF can attest to this . The diesel they use in Aso Rock I am convinced is refined by our brothers because most of these people who took subsidy , you will see the vessels in the shores of the Niger Delta taking these products from these boys after it has been refined and they will come and claim subsidy for importation . There is already an ugly situation , the environment is being messed up on daily basis ; so what we expect is that just as Lagos State turned area boys to LASTMA and provided a framework , using a bad situation to create a good framework , why ca n't we through the DPR create a regulatory platform , using bad situation to provide jobs for our people and make sure that there is direct labour and help the economy ?
But that is the plan of the government…
Did n't you hear what Kachikwu said ? That the government is pedaling down on it , perhaps that is why they are concessioning the refineries , that the Niger Delta people do n't have the technical know-how , the capacity and that they do not want to destroy the environment the more . The environment is already damaged . We have put in proposals , people have even submitted technical drawings seeking for this licence and they came out to say it was not going to work , talking from both sides of their mouth . When we took up this issue of concessioning of the refineries , they said they were going to do private bidding process and we asked them to make it open after the protest we had in Port Harcourt . We have organised series of protests , the next is going to be in Warri next month . They said they have not concessioned the refinery to anybody and that they are no longer doing it but that is not true . We are saying do it according to the law , let the one that wins take it but do n't shut out anyone and infact people from the Niger Delta should be given the first offer of refusal .
Recently Niger Delta Youths asked for return of oil blocks held by northerners following a quit order on Igbo by Arewa Youths Coalition , why such demand ?
I listened to the Arewa speech and for me it was one of the most brilliant speech I have heard from a group in northern Nigeria the reason being that when something is not working , you identify clearly that it is not working out . There is no permanent situation in life , so you change . There is nothing in life except God that does n't change . The agitation for separation is growing louder daily . What I heard them say is that Nigeria can stay as a name but let us have fiscal federalism where everybody is an independent structure contributing to the center .
They asked Igbo to leave ; that to me is like a threat and security agencies should handle that . Even if you are not a citizen of the same country and you have right to reside , you have that right to stay in that part of the world . If Nigeria separates today the Igbo should still have the right to live in the northern part of the country if they want but I listened to it carefully and it was a brilliant thing but the threat aspect of it does n't go down well with me and nobody has monopoly of violence and that is why the group in the Niger Delta came out to say okay if they are threatening people like this , they should leave our oil . It does n't take anything for anybody to create that kind of problem especially in the Niger Delta that would affect the whole of this country . I like their position except the threat and government should take responsibility and do the needful . That threat they made is more grievous than what Nnamdi Kanu did that cost them years in incarceration . Government must show cause that some people have made a statement capable of disintegrating this country .
Are you for restructuring or for separation ?
Nigeria has come to stay as an entity so I am totally in support of fiscal federalism . It has practised it before and that was when development thrived because it created competition and each region wanted to excel .
Quote
Our leaders have failed us and this is not just a Niger Delta problem , this could be a Nigerian problem , it could be the problem of the north east , north central or the problem of the South-west but we are trying to take direct responsibility for our own problem , confronting every leadership that has failed us and making sure that we put up structures that will prevent such from happening in the future
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Singapore Airlines ( SIA ) has revealed new details of its planned nonstop flight to Newark Liberty International Airport ( EWR ) , which will be the world 's longest route . The flight from Singapore to EWR will begin Oct. 11 with three services per week , using the first of the carrier 's Airbus A350-900ULRs . The route will switch to daily Oct. 18 after the second of the -900ULRs is delivered . The airline said these flights will be about 9,000 nautical miles with a flight time of up to ...
Hoping to find a solution to constant overflow parking in the Bennett Ranch and Viejo West neighborhoods , several residents offered personal experiences to the Lake Forest City Council during its discussion about parking situations Tuesday night .
Residents said parking in the 354-home community , which runs from 2nd Street to Trabuco Road along Cherry Avenue , has been a problem since June .
On Tuesday night , the City Council voted unanimously to adopt a new Residential Parking Manual , adopt an amended Permit Parking Policy , adopt an amended Street Sweeping Policy and advance to a first reading of proposed amendments to the Lake Forest Municipal Code .
In addition , at the request of Councilman Dwight Robinson , the city also asked staff to look into restricting commercial vehicles from parking in residential streets .
The City Council also directed staff to include the option of adding a parking enforcement officer or program to the Orange County Sheriff 's Department budget at the upcoming workshop for the 2017-18 fiscal year budget in April .
Double-parking , parking in red lanes , vehicles left longer than 72 hours and commercial vehicles left overnight highlighted the parking concerns for residents .
Other complaints included trash in the streets and on curbs , and washers , dryers and other furniture left on curbs outside homes .
“ We have a wonderful historic area , ” said Lisa Hodson , a resident in Bennett Ranch since 1984 . “ We need to live up to that ; we need to be proud of our neighborhood . ”
Hodson 's concerns were safety related .
They said double-parking leads to drivers potentially merging into oncoming traffic or hitting pedestrians not visible as they 're walking into the street behind cars .
Many speakers , including 30-year resident Monica Levack , believed the hiring of a parking enforcement officer would help alleviate the issue .
“ By having a parking enforcement officer there , they will become aware of the vehicles that belong in the area , ” they said .
Among proposed changes , the city would amend two chapters of its Municipal Code to prohibit the storage in residential zones of trailers , semi-trailers or trailer coaches , according to a staff report .
Additionally , staff recommended reducing the number of parking permits per single-family household to two , while multifamily homes would have two spaces with an additional two spaces available .
But in order for a street to be approved for parking permits , an impact threshold of 75 percent overflow of available parking must be reached .
After that , a vote of residences on the street must be 67 percent or higher for the permit process to be approved .
But according to a case study on four Bennett Ranch streets , the impact threshold fell between 15 percent and 20 percent .
The City Council will discuss the issue again at a future meeting .
Mayor Scott Voigts said the potential of adding a parking enforcement officer would be discussed at the budget workshop in April .
Contact the writer : npercy @ scng.com
How do films make you feel ? The Independent gets personal about cinema and TV with actors , directors , cinematographers and other people from the continually evolving world of `` content '' in a new fortnightly podcast hosted by Culture Editor Christopher Hooton .
After completing Disney animation Pete 's Dragon , director David Lowery took a real left turn , heading to Texas with friends Rooney Mara and Casey Affleck and making weird , avant garde , self-funded indie film A Ghost Story in secret . Chris talks to them about this bold move , Casey acting under a bed sheet for most of the movie , finding motivation in the face of the futility of existence , and how great pie is .
Listen to it below , subscribe on iTunes and podcasts apps here and follow the podcast @ kernels and host @ ChristophHooton on Twitter . You can find early episodes with Matthew McConaughey , Sir Patrick Stewart and more here .
New Indonesia Tsunami Network Could Add Crucial Minutes
Indonesia 's tsunami detection system , made up of seafloor sensors that communicate with transmitting buoys on the surface , has been rendered useless by vandals and lack of funding . Now Indonesian and U.S. scientists say they 've developed a way to dispense with the expensive buoys and possibly add crucial extra minutes of warning for vulnerable coastal cities .
The prototype , nearly four years in the making , is designed for detection of so-called near-field tsunamis and has been tested off Padang on the western coast of Sumatra . It awaits a decision on government funding to connect it to disaster agencies on land .
A tsunami triggered by a Dec. 26 , 2004 earthquake in the Indian Ocean that killed or left missing nearly 230,000 people , a large share in Indonesia , raised the urgency of ensuring communities have the fastest possible warnings .
But when a sizeable earthquake struck near the Mentawai islands 170 kilometers ( 106 miles ) from Padang in March last year , none of the buoys in the area meant to transmit tsunami warnings were working . A disaster official said all of Indonesia 's 22 buoys , which cost several hundred thousand dollars each and are expensive to operate , were inoperable because of vandalism by boat crews or a lack of funds for maintenance .
That quake did n't cause a tsunami but there was a chaotic evacuation in Padang , population 1 million , and other cities , which have at most 30 minutes before tsunami waves hit . Because of lack of information , officials did n't cancel the tsunami warning for two hours .
`` Now we have no buoys in Indonesia . They are all damaged , '' said Iyan Turyana , an ocean engineer at BPPT , Indonesia 's Agency for the Assessment and Application of Technology . `` Where do you live in Indonesia ? Jakarta ! It 's ok . But if you live in Padang , if you live in Bengkulu , your life is very dangerous . ''
Germany and the U.S. provided 12 of the buoys , but did not maintain them , they said .
For Indonesians , Aceh province in the north of Sumatra where more than 100,000 people died after 2004 earthquake , is synonymous with tsunami risk . Now , however , Padang and nearby cities face the greatest danger of being wiped out by giant waves .
The magnitude 9.1 quake in 2004 , centered in the north of a subduction zone where one major section of the earth 's crust is being forced under another , released enough energy to make a similarly powerful quake in that area unlikely in the foreseeable future . In the section of that `` megathrust '' off Padang , pressure has built relentlessly and an undersea earthquake greater than magnitude 8.5 is possible in the next few decades .
To boost its detection ability , tsunami-prone Japan has linked dozens of seafloor sensors off its eastern coast with thousands of kilometers of fiber-optic cable . It cost several hundred million dollars and a similar endeavor would be impossibly expensive for Indonesia , a vast but poor archipelago that sits on the one of most seismically active regions in the world .
But with $ 3 million of funding from the U.S. National Science Foundation , a prototype network of undersea sensors has been deployed between Padang and the Mentawai islands .
Buoys are not needed because the undersea seismometers and pressure sensors send data-laden sound waves to the warm surface waters . From there they refract back into the depths , traveling 20-30 kilometers to the next node in the network and so on .
At its final undersea point , the network needs a few kilometers of fiber optic cable to connect it to a shore station in the Mentawai islands where the cascades of data would be transmitted by satellite to the meteorology and geophysics agency , which issues tsunami warnings , and to disaster officials in Padang .
`` This entire process likely takes 1-3 minutes instead of the 5-45 minutes typical of the buoy system , '' said Louise Comfort , a University of Pittsburgh expert in disaster management who has led the project , which also involves engineers from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute .
`` We get a more immediate record of the seismic movement and with that more immediate record we gain a few minutes of very valuable time , '' they said . `` And we get a clearer signal of whether or not there is going to be a tsunami . ''
Laying the cable will cost the Indonesian government about 1.5 billion rupiah ( $ 112,000 ) , said Turyana , the ocean engineer . The Ministry of Research , Technology and Higher Education is considering a funding proposal .
The system has not been deployed elsewhere , but could be an option for other poor countries or regions that are vulnerable to tsunamis .
Since 2004 , the mantra among disaster officials in Indonesia has been that the earthquake is the tsunami warning and signal for immediate evacuation . Not everyone is convinced a tsunami detection system is essential .
`` Why ? Because the tsunami is too quick to arrive to the land . After the earthquake , we evacuate . No need to detect the tsunami . Just evacuate . That is the second opinion . That is why it is hard to have the budget , '' said Turyana .
Memories of the 2004 tsunami are fresh enough that Indonesians living near the coast typically run for high ground whenever the land shakes , as it frequently does .
Yet without a reliable system that reduces false alarms , a `` crying wolf '' effect will eventually change people 's behavior , say proponents of the detection network .
Not least , it can give disaster officials give crucial information about a tsunami , such as the heights of its waves and where and when they will hit .
`` This system is to make sure the tsunami is really coming , '' said Febrin Ismail , a structural engineer involved in earthquake mitigation and tsunami planning for Padang .
`` Sometimes after the earthquake , people are running and then they see the tsunami does n't come . In the future maybe they do n't run again . We are afraid the quake itself is not effective . ''
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Read more on : Environment , Earthquake , Tsunami , Indonesia
TYSONS , Va. & Cvent , Inc. , the market leader in cloud based meetings , events and travel technology , today announced strong company growth that includes an intention to hire 200 employees by the end of 2017 and a new office expansion strategy to fuel its continued customer growth .
`` At Cvent , we have a strong track record of delivering robust year-over-year growth in the huge and largely untapped market for meetings , events and travel technology . 2017 has continued to propel growth , as we have expanded the platform to now include Cvent Passkey and Business Transient solutions . We also have announced new innovations in our Event Cloud with the new Cvent Flex , and on our Hospitality Cloud with the new Cvent Supplier Network and Business Intelligence , '' said Reggie Aggarwal , founder and CEO of Cvent . `` Recruiting talent has always been a priority for Cvent , and as an entrepreneur and CEO , I 'm incredibly passionate about job creation . This year , we are looking to hire more than 200 people around the world to meet our increased growth , and we 've opened new offices in APAC in order to meet the demand in that region . ''
Specific growth highlights include :
`` We see that there is a huge opportunity for us to continue leading the industry in innovation for both the buyers and suppliers of the meetings and events industry . Each day , more planners and hotels are discovering Cvent , whiles an increasing number of current customers are leveraging additional elements of the Cvent platform to increase event ROI and group business profitability , '' continued Aggarwal .
About Cvent
Cvent , Inc. is a leading cloud-based enterprise event management company , with tens of thousands of customers and more than 2,600 employees worldwide . Cvent offers software solutions to event planners for online event registration , venue selection , event management , mobile apps for events , email marketing , and web surveys . Cvent provides hoteliers with an integrated platform , enabling properties to increase group business demand through targeted advertising and improve conversion through proprietary demand management and business intelligence solutions . Cvent solutions optimize the entire event management value chain and have enabled clients around the world to manage hundreds of thousands of meetings and events . For more information , please visit Cvent.com , or connect with us on Facebook , Twitter or LinkedIn .
`` Obviously , we 're going to be extra cautious with him , '' Matheny said .
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago , striking out 52 in 46 innings . They felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals physician Dr. George Paletta .
Reyes went 3-0 in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria , Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis . They struck out 44 in 23 innings .
`` This was the first time he 's had to work , '' Matheny said . `` All those minor league rehab starts they had barely had anybody on base . So , they had to bear down . Did n't give up any runs . Their stuff looked right . Their stuff looked good . ''
Arcia was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs . They were sent down to work on their batting and was surprised at being recalled so soon .
`` Things were n't going my way and they wanted me to go down there to work on my hitting and reset everything . '' Arcia said through a translator . `` Thankfully , things were starting to go a lot better . ''
They looked pretty good in the seventh . With two out and runners on first and second , Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala ( 1-1 ) .
Jeremy Jeffress ( 5-0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh . Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth , and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save in seven chances .
Milwaukee went 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position , but the NL Central leaders still improved to 19-8 in May , setting a team record for wins in the month . Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers , and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run .
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis , and Dexter Fowler had three singles .
MAKING MOVES
Reyes was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list . Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis , and right-hander Dominic Leone was transferred to the 60-day DL . Leone has been out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Cardinals : Fowler returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a bruised right knee . They were hit by a pitch Saturday at Pittsburgh . ... LF Marcell Ozuna was a late scratch and replaced by Tyler O'Neill . Ozuna pinch-hit in the ninth and walked .
Brewers : SS Tyler Saladino ( left ankle sprain ) was placed on the 10-day DL . They got hurt Tuesday night . Eric Sogard started in their place , and Arcia took over in the seventh .
UP NEXT
Cardinals : RHP Jack Flaherty ( 2-1 , 2.15 ERA ) is scheduled to make their third career start against Pittsburgh on Friday . RHP Trevor Williams ( 5-3 , 3.43 ERA ) starts for the visiting Pirates .
Brewers : RHP Chase Anderson ( 4-3 , 4.42 ERA ) faces the Chicago White Sox on Friday night in the opener of an eight-game trip . They beat the White Sox 5-1 for Arizona in their major league debut on May 11 , 2014 .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Joe Totoraitis , The Associated Press
Vice President Pence declares end to 'strategic patience ' on North Korea
Pence made the statement while on a surprise visit to the demilitarized zone ( DMZ ) at the border of South and North Korea during their trip to the region .
The chairperson of South Korea 's Asiana Airlines has apologized for inflight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a meal supplier .
Park Sam-koo , chairperson of the country 's second-largest air carrier , said they felt a moral responsibility after the boss of the company that had been supplying the meals killed himself , according to media reports citing police .
The apology came as criticism mounted following the reports , which linked the apparent suicide to pressure from Asiana on its caterer .
Asiana Airlines said 114 out of 310 flights had left South Korea without meals since Sunday . Most were short-haul flights to Asian destinations .
The problems arose after the airline tried to change its meal catering service .
So , What 's Your Summer Body Looking Like ? – WATCH
Stephen Colbert Rips Jeff Sessions Inability to Remember Anything : WATCH
Rapper-singer-songwriter Chika , a 20-year-old from Montgomery , Alabama , took Ed Sheeran 's massive hit “ Shape of You ” and turned it into a Pride anthem that 's quickly going viral .
Wrote Chika on Twitter : “ Happy # PrideMonth . Never be ashamed of who you are . ”
i turned @ edsheeran 's `` Shape Of You '' into a Pride Anthem . ♥️ Happy # PrideMonth . Never be ashamed of who you are . 🏳️‍🌈✊🏾 pic.twitter.com/kAwdMfIQel — chika ( @ oranicuhh ) June 13 , 2017
Here 's the full version :
Your daily look at late-breaking news , upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today :
1 . PUTIN MAKES SURPRISE STOP IN SYRIA EN ROUTE TO CAIRO
The Russian president visits a Russian military air base in Latakia and announces a partial pullout of their forces from the country .
2 . DIVERGENT VIEWS ON WHAT ALABAMA SENATE VOTE MEANS
The matchup between Roy Moore and Doug Jones mixes both the Deep South state 's tortured history and the nation 's current divisive , bitterly partisan politics .
3 . MYANMAR MILITARY 'S RAPE OF ROHINGYA MUSLIMS SWEEPING , METHODICAL
In interviews with the AP , more than two dozen women and girls bolster the U.N. 's contention that the Myanmar armed forces are systematically using rape as a `` calculated tool of terror '' to exterminate the Rohingya people .
4 . FOR TRUMP , GOP A MOMENTOUS 2 WEEKS
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation 's tax code in three decades and agree on a spending bill to avert a government shutdown over the holidays .
5 . WHAT ARE UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES OF WORKPLACE SCANDALS
Some women , and men , worry the same climate that 's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues .
6 . FIREFIGHTERS BRACE FOR 2ND WEEK OF CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES
Southern California fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts , no rain and decades-old dry vegetation .
7 . DEADLINE WEEK CRUNCH FOR HEALTH LAW SIGN-UPS
Friday is the last day for millions of people still eligible to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website .
8 . BITCOIN FUTURES RISE AS VIRTUAL CURRENCY HITS MAJOR EXCHANGE
The futures contract that expires in January surges more than $ 3,000 to $ 18,580 eight hours after trading for the popular virtual currency launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange .
9. WHO ARE FAVORITES FOR POST-WEINSTEIN GOLDEN GLOBES
Steven Spielberg 's Pentagon Papers drama `` The Post '' and Christopher Nolan 's World War II tale `` Dunkirk '' are expected to lead the film categories , while Hulu 's `` The Handmaid 's Tale '' and HBO 's `` Big Little Lies '' could be in for a big day on the TV side .
10 . STEELERS CLINCH AFC NORTH
Ben Roethlisberger throws for 506 yards and two touchdowns , becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times , as Pittsburgh ( 11-2 ) rallies past Baltimore 39-38 .
243AI 115 Berger I have been loading the 115 Berger but it appears if I get them over 3020 FPS in my 8 twist carbon fiber barrel . At 211 yard the bullets go from .5 moa at 2900FPS to 18-20 inch groups and the bullet impact appears to look like a pepper shaker hit the target . These are the new 115 Targets bullets so I am not sure why they are doing this .
The 105 berger seems fine at 3193fps average along with the 105 AMax . Anyone else has this issue with the new 115 bullets ? I saw there was an issue back in 2009 but could n't find much else .
Most Asian stock markets rose Wednesday after U.S. benchmarks hit new highs and Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the U.S. central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month .
KEEPING SCORE : Tokyo 's Nikkei 225 index rose 1 percent to 19,437.98 and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng jumped 1.1 percent to 24,961.29 . Sydney 's S & P-ASX 200 gained 0.9 percent to 5,809.10 . Seoul 's Kospi added 0.5 percent to 2,083.86 . The Shanghai Composite Index slipped 0.2 percent to 3,208.31 and India 's Sensex dropped 0.6 percent to 28,158.79 . Benchmarks in New Zealand and Taiwan rose , while Southeast Asian markets declined .
WALL STREET : U.S. stock indexes hit new highs , boosted by bank stocks on hopes of bigger profits ahead . General Motors jumped 4.8 percent following news that France 's PSA Group , maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars , is exploring a deal to buy Opel , GM 's money-losing European business . Cynosure , which makes devices used in laser body contouring , hair removal and skin care , soared after agreeing to be bought by medical device maker Hologic for $ 1.57 billion . The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 0.4 percent to 2,337.58 for its sixth straight day of gains . The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.5 percent to 20,504.41 . The Nasdaq composite rose 0.3 percent to 5,782.57 .
FED WATCH : Yellen told a Senate committee the central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month . Bond yields jumped and fed through to shares of banks , which can benefit from higher rates by charging more for loans . Yellen said little to alter most investors ' expectations . The Fed raised interest rates in December for just the second time in a decade , and Yellen said the strengthening job market and a modest move higher in inflation should warrant continued , gradual increases .
ANALYST 'S TAKE : Yellen 's comments were `` the main catalyst for overnight markets , evidently surprising on the hawkish side , '' said Jingyi Pan of IG in a report . `` While the market had expected a strong rhetoric on improving economic conditions , the push to hasten the next rate hike had been unexpected . '' Based on history , markets put the likelihood of a policy change out of the Fed 's March meeting at 34 percent , Pan said , `` but that had not stopped the U.S. dollar and equity markets from ticking up . ''
CHINA INFLATION : Chinese consumer and wholesale inflation ticked higher , fueling concern the central bank might hike rates or tighten access to credit . Analysts said they saw no sign the People 's Bank of China would change course but money market rates should be elevated this year . Policymakers have indicated a `` tightening bias '' for policy since late last year but December and January data on credit `` clearly show that there has been no meaningful monetary and credit tightening at the macro level , '' said UBS economists in a report .
CURRENCY : The dollar gained to 114.38 yen from Tuesday 's 114.31 yen . The euro edged up to $ 1.0577 from $ 1.0571 .
ENERGY : Benchmark U.S. crude sank 35 cents to $ 52.85 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange . The contract gained 27 cents on Tuesday to $ 53.20 . Brent crude , used to price international oils , lost 27 cents to $ 55.70 in London . It advanced 38 cents the previous session to $ 55.97 .
( AP Photo/John Locher , file ) . FILE-In this Oct. 16 , 2017 , file photo , ,photos and notes adorn a wall at the Las Vegas Community Healing Garden in Las Vegas . The garden was built as a memorial for the victims of the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas . Two ...
( Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via AP , File ) . FILE - This October , 2017 file photo released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Force Investigation Team Report shows the kitchenette in the hotel room of Las Vegas gunman Stephen P ...
By JACQUES BILLEAUD
Associated Press
CHANDLER , Ariz. ( AP ) - An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets , according to court documents .
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig , according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix . It says Haig did n't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition .
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people . Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct .
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition - armor-piercing bullets .
The documents do n't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack . Las Vegas police would n't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition .
Haig , a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years , was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where they said they did n't notice anything suspicious when they sold the tracer rounds to Paddock .
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at their home in suburban Phoenix , Paddock went to their car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig , the complaint said .
`` I had no contribution to what Paddock did , '' Haig told reporters earlier Friday , adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought . `` I had no way to see into their mind . ''
A phone message left for Haig 's attorney , Marc Victor , was n't immediately returned .
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock 's hotel room with Haig 's fingerprints had an `` incendiary capsule '' on their noses , the documents said . A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig 's backyard workshop , according to the complaint .
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig 's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition .
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States , including Nevada , Texas , Virginia , Wyoming and South Carolina .
They appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition they not possess guns or ammunition . If convicted , they could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $ 250,000 .
Haig and their business partner , whose name was n't provided , sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show , according to the complaint .
The next month , Haig said they met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that they were well-dressed and polite .
They did n't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking , so Paddock contacted them several days later and lined up a sale at Haig 's home .
Haig said they were shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed them of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded .
Haig 's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect their reputation after they were revealed earlier this week to be a `` person of interest '' in the investigation . Haig 's identity emerged by mistake after their name was not redacted in court documents .
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators do n't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when they sold ammunition to Paddock . The official was n't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity .
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with their name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below .
They gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale .
Haig said Paddock told them that `` he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show , either with or for their friends . I ca n't remember whether they used the word 'with ' or 'for . ' But they said that they were going out at night to shoot it with friends . ''
Haig , who has closed their ammunition business , said they have received unwanted media attention and death threats since their name was released .
The FBI did n't immediately respond to a request for comment . The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney 's office in Las Vegas , which declined to comment .
___
Associated Press writers Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles and Regina Garcia Cano in Las Vegas contributed to this report .
___
Follow Jacques Billeaud at www.twitter.com/jacquesbilleaud . Their work can be found at https : //www.apnews.com/search/jacques % 20billeaud .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The City of Oak Ridge 's Community Development Department is continuing the Oak Ridge City Blueprint effort with a discussion focused on multiple subareas . An open house will be held from 5:30 p.m. to 7 p.m. on Thursday , April 26 , at the Oak Ridge Civic Center .
Families and local business representatives are invited to attend meetings and share ideas for possible neighborhood improvements . While the meeting that focuses on the subarea where residents live or work may have the most relevant information for them , every citizen is encouraged to engage in the Blueprint process at each meeting .
Meeting dates , times and locations are posted online . Residents can view subarea plans , maps and comments using the City Blueprint online resource page . No formal presentation is planned for these events so attendees can come and go anytime during the open house . Citizens can also submit feedback via email .
The blueprint is being coordinated by the Community Development Department , under the guidance of the Oak Ridge Municipal Planning Commission . The department recently finished a midpoint report on the Blueprint process , highlighting significant findings and outlining a plan for moving forward . The report is available online along with a public survey .
For more information on the Oak Ridge City Blueprint effort , contact the Community Development Department at ( 865 ) 425-3531 .
TOKYO ( AP ) — Japanese telecommunications , internet and solar company SoftBank Group Corp. is buying U.S. investment company Fortress Investment Group for $ 3.3 billion .
The deal was announced by both sides Wednesday . New York-based Fortress , which manages global investments , said its senior professionals will stay to keep up its fund performance .
Tokyo-based SoftBank has been aggressive in global acquisitions . Chief Executive Masayoshi Son was recently seen with President Donald Trump , who praised their promise to invest and create jobs in the U.S .
SoftBank owns the U.S. wireless company Sprint Corp. and Britain 's ARM Holdings . ARM is known as an innovator in the `` internet of things , '' and in technology used in smartphones .
It has set up a $ 25 billion private fund for technology investments that it says may grow to $ 100 billion .
FG begins N30,000 stipends payment for the N-Power scheme beneficiaries
The Federal Government has commenced the payment of the N30 , 000 monthly stipends for beneficiaries of the N-Power scheme -the job creation programme of the Buhari presidency . The N-Power programme is designed to engage the teeming and massive numbers of unemployed Nigerian graduates from tertiary institutions across the country . The Senior Special Assistant , Media and Publicity , Office of the Vice President , Mr Laolu Akande , disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) on Friday , stating that “ all successfully verified beneficiaries who have provided bank accounts are being processed for payment .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Seth Meyers on Trump 's Lies : ‘ If The Feds Put Pressure on Him , There 's a Good Chance He 'll Flip on Himself ' – WATCH
Christina Aguilera joined James Corden for a new episode of Carpool Karaoke and tries to educate James on their signature growl in “ Fighter ” ( “ That 's an angsty thing , you 've got to get your fighter on ” ) , their time in Mickey Mouse Club with Ryan Gosling ( “ I think there were crushes but I was n't on the train ” ) and Justin Timberlake ( “ he had swagged ” ) .
Said Aguilera : “ Um , I think , well there was like a—me and Britney were , you know , like… well , you know , there was like a thing back then , ” they said . “ Oh my god , you 're going in ! It was a good time… I know Ryan actually , pretty much , they did actually have a crush on Britney . I mean , I think so ! I think so . I do n't know… ”
They 're then joined by Melissa McCarthy who popped up from out of nowhere to contribute Redman 's rap on “ Dirrty ” before Xtina pulled a few bedazzled microphones out of the glove compartment as some props for diva lessons .
Soon it was on to “ Genie in a Bottle ” and “ Beautiful ”
Watch :
Royal Canadian Legion Branch 56 in Port Colborne will be taking time next Friday to remember those who served in the Dieppe Raid during the Second World War .
Bob Saracino , second vice-president of Branch 56 , described the raid as a battle that taught a valuable lesson and started the ball rolling toward D-Day in 1944 , but at a frightful price .
The Dieppe Raid took place 75 years ago on Aug. 19 and involved nearly 5,000 Canadian troops , of which only 2,210 returned to England , many of whom were wounded . Saracino said 907 Canadians lost their lives as a result of the raid .
They said although there is controversy surrounding the Dieppe Raid , they want to recognize those who fought and sees the day as important because of how it affected the war from that point forward .
The Legion will be having a short ceremony at King George Park , on Clarence Street at Catharine Street , on Aug. 18 at 11:30 a.m. , the day before the anniversary of the raid . The public is invited to attend .
Saracino said they will share about the raid and there will be a wreath laying with the colour guard on site .
They said they are looking into whether any Port Colborne residents took part in the battle . While there are a couple names that popped into their head , they want to confirm the two men did indeed participate in the raid before announcing anything . Should they prove to have been a part of the raid , they will be recognized at the ceremony .
lbarton @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ LBartonTribune
Temperatures are set to rise across the region this weekend with many families eager to find the best location to enjoy the sun .
Here 's our short guide to seven different places you can visit for free ...
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
UPDATE 8.30am : Forensic Crash police are continuing to investigate a fatal crash where a pedestrian died last night just north of Gympie ..
The Bruce Highway is now open to traffic .
A Queensland Ambulance spokesperson was unable to comment about any specific details of the crash but confirmed it happened about 3km north of the Curra service station at about 10.20pm last night .
The incident is being investigated by the Maryborough Forensic Crash Unit and Maryborough police .
EARLIER : A PEDESTRIAN has died following a crash on the Bruce Highway on Friday evening .
Emergency services were called about 10:20pm to a single vehicle crash in the Gympie Region of Curra .
It will be alleged that the vehicle crashed into a pedestrian .
Police are investigating with more details to come .
Former NSA Technical Director Bill Binney outlines how the 2016 DNC emails were actually taken by a leaker using a portable storage device , and not taken by a computer hack initiated by the vast Russian enterprise .
Mr. Binney 's outline on Tucker Carlson mirrors a previous new discussion that was reported within The Nation –See Here– A generally far-left media outlet .
The reality that it was an internal leak further advances the possibility that DNC employee Seth Rich was actually the person who took the DNC email data after becoming disenfranchised by the DNC intentionally undermining Bernie Sanders and aiding candidate Hillary Clinton . Seth Rich was murdered under rather unusual circumstances in 2016 , shortly after WikiLeaks began releasing and publishing the emails .
Advertisements
A dozen charities have received a share of £100,000 from the Yorkshire Building Society Charitable Foundation after being nominated by people in Leeds .
St Gemma 's Hospice , For Disability Mobility and The Donkey Sanctuary were among those to receive £100 each after the society 's Small Change Big Difference Month campaign .
Caring For Life , Farsley Scout Group , Friends Of St Johns , Churwell Primary PTA , Morley Amateur Operatic Society , Sunshine & Smiles , Rothwell ( North & South ) Wards Aged People 's Welfare Committee , The Trussell Trust and Yeadon Charities Association also benefitted .
The charitable foundation is funded through the Small Change Big Difference scheme where members donate the pennies from the annual interest on their accounts to help charities and good causes .
A total of 1,000 charities and good causes received £100,000 after being nominated by people at Yorkshire Building Society branches around the UK .
James Paynter , manager of the Briggate branch of Yorkshire Building Society , said : “ I 'd like to say a huge thank you to everyone who came into the branch to nominate a charity for a donation during our Small Change Big Difference Month campaign .
“ At Yorkshire Building Society we are committed to being at the heart of our community and I hope these donations will enable the charities to carry on their wonderful work here in Leeds and the surrounding area . ”
Small Change Big Difference Month took place between September 19 and October 15 .
In 2015 , the charitable foundation paid 1,502 donations totalling £392,276 to good causes and charities throughout the UK . It supports good causes where the society members and staff live and work . For more information about the foundation 's work and the Small Change Big Difference scheme visit www.ybs.co.uk/charitablefoundation .
ASHLAND CITY ( WATE ) – A Middle Tennessee Endangered Child Alert has been issued for two small children from Cheatham County believed to be in danger .
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation says they believe Lillyanna Beneke , 4 , and Ryder Beneke , 2 , were taken by their noncustodial parents Cody Beneke , 27 , and Danielle Beneke , 27 .
Agents say both adults are addicted to heroin and meth and a court had granted temporary custody to the state . They both have outstanding warrants and violent criminal histories .
Lillyanna is described as a white female with blonde hair and hazel eyes . They stand 3 feet tall and weighs 50 pounds . Ryder is a white male with brown hair and hazel eyes . They are three feet tall and weighs 30 pounds .
The Benekes may be traveling in a green Buick Sedan or white van with South Carolina plates and may be in the area of Mt . Juliet or Hermitage .
Anyone with information is urged to call the Cheatham County sheriff at ( 615 ) 792-2098 or TBI at 1-800-TBI-FIND .
Oni delivers UNILAG inaugural lecture
An erudite scholar and astute university administrator , Prof. Iyiola Oni , will tomorrow deliver an inaugural lecture at the University of Lagos ( UNILAG ) .
Oni , who is currently the Dean , Faculty of Social Sciences of the university , will speak on the topic , “ A spatio-temporal restructuring of transportation systems in Nigeria ” , at the main auditorium of the university .
The university teacher , who has a doctoral degree in Geography with specialisation in transportation , had since been lecturing and researching in transportation and logistics planning , urban transportation development , planning and infrastructure management as well as environmental issues and spatial planning-related courses both at the undergraduate and post-graduate levels of the Department of Geography , UNILAG .
Prof. Oni started their lecturing career as a graduate assistant in 1986 and rose to the position of professor of Geography at UNILAG in 2011 . They were the chairperson , departmental postgraduate committee between 1996-2003 and served as the acting head of department and substantive from August 1 , 2012 to July 2015 .
This post was syndicated from Breaking News , Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In the Alabama Republican Senate race , every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump .
But in Tuesday 's primary , the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president , while it 's the incumbent , an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff , who has Trump 's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's favorite candidate .
That 's the conundrum of the Republican contest , largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore , a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice ; Sen. Luther Strange , appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions ; and Rep. Mo Brooks , who 's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president 's attacks against the Senate 's top Republican have intensified recently .
Moore has consistently polled atop the field , and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff . Their ads sound downright Trumpian , promising to `` drain the swamp '' and taking a swipe at D.C. elites .
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too . They first gained national notoriety when they refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order ; Moore themselves was then removed from their position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003 . They won election to the same post again in 2012 , but was then suspended after they ordered judges to enforce the state 's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court 's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution . They resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange .
To state observers , it 's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be their typical conservative base in the state .
`` Alabama voters supported Trump because they spoke their mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government , '' said Brent Buchanan , a GOP strategist and pollster in the state . `` Out of all the candidates , Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics . You may not agree with all of their policy or personal preferences , but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes . ''
That 's why it was so , well , strange last week when Trump tweeted out their support for Strange , saying the incumbent has their `` complete and total endorsement ! ''
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC . The very next day after endorsing Strange , Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act .
Strange has tried to prove their loyalty to the president ever since they were appointed under less than auspicious circumstances . As Alabama 's attorney general , Strange was investigating then-Gov . Robert Bentley for misuse of their office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions . Facing impeachment , Bentley eventually resigned , and the new governor , Kay Ivey , moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term .
Polling done in the wake of Trump 's surprise endorsement showed that the president 's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange . One by cygnal , Buchanan 's firm , conducted partly after the endorsement , showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables , Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit .
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday , which could be key in what 's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair .
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $ 200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange .
However , although he 's slipping in polling , Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell 's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore . He 's hitched a `` Ditch Mitch '' banner to their campaign bus in the final days , and in their closing ad they echo Trump 's frustration with McConnell 's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal .
`` McConnell and Strange are weak , but together we can be strong , '' Brooks says . `` Mr. President , is n't it time we tell McConnell and Strange , 'You 're fired ? ' ''
Ultimately , the Huntsville-area member of congress has n't had the resources the other two candidates have had , and they have n't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange . And , perhaps most damaging , they were certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year , during which they supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . McConnell 's super PAC has pointed that out in ads , saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , and Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass .
If Strange does fall short of the runoff , University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart , a longtime political observer in the state , said that 's a big problem for McConnell . And , if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff , expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange , too .
`` The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell , as the president says , has n't been successful at pushing through the president 's agenda , `` Stewart said . `` If Strange does n't make the runoff , that 's a definite blow to McConnell , '' more so than Trump .
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff , and that 's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given their surprising endorsement . Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts their muscle behind Strange later , and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump 's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator 's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost .
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though , they 'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election , even if it 's the more controversial Moore . Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones , a former U.S. attorney , though they could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr. , a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family .
If Moore is the GOP nominee , it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart , the former University of Alabama professor , said is doubtful , and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South .
`` Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here , '' Stewart said . `` I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner . ''
Kano shuts down four pharmaceuticals for selling narcotics
The Kano State Pharmaceutical Inspection Committee on Tuesday shut down four pharmaceutical outlets in Gwale Local Government Area of Kano for selling narcotics and uncontrolled drugs .
A statement signed by the Chairman of the committee , Mr Abdu Madaki said that the outlets were also shut for operating without license and due registration with the Pharmacists Council of Nigeria .
Read Also : Kano Hisbah Board records 50 cases in three weeks
The committee urged residents of the state to be mindful of where they purchase their drugs and to report any pharmaceutical store suspected of selling uncontrolled drugs and narcotics .
The newsmen report that the committee under the Ministry of health to sanitise the drugs market and prevent sales and consumption of fake and counterfeit drugs in the state .
NAN
The post Kano shuts down four pharmaceuticals for selling narcotics appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In a late night meeting on Monday , senior Tamil Nadu ministers discussed the issue of having talks with rival faction led by former Chief Minister O.Pannneerselvam , said Finance Minister D.Jayakumar .
Speaking to the media after the meeting , Jayakumar welcomed Panneerselvam 's remark that they are open for talks if somebody comes with the plan to merge the two factions in AIADMK .
They said that Lok Sabha Deputy Speaker M. Thambidurai also welcomed Panneerselvam 's remark and the stand of the ministers is also the same .
The ministers belong to the faction led by AIADMK General Secretary V.K.Sasikala .
Egan expects replay to be more open 14 June 2017
Offaly 's Cian Donohue and Ger Egan of Westmeath .
©INPHO/Bryan Keane . Offaly 's Cian Donohue and Ger Egan of Westmeath.©INPHO/Bryan Keane .
The shackles will be off both teams in Saturday 's Leinster SFC quarterfinal replay between Westmeath and Offaly , according to Lake County captain Ger Egan .
In what was generally described as a terrible game of football last Sunday , the sides played out a dire draw with the Westmeath Twitter account stating that they were watching 'garbage ' .
However , Egan who was one of the few players on either side to have an excellent game stressed to the Westmeath Independent that both sides will be going for it at Cusack Park this weekend .
“ I guarantee you , it will be more free-flowing next weekend because we got a game under our belt , ” stated Egan .
“ Both teams got to feel each other out and show their weaknesses and strengths . ”
NETFLIX
Netflix knows all your secrets .
All your secrets that involve watching Parks and Recreation for the fifth time this year , at least . The streaming service might not release viewership numbers to the public ( although Nielsen is trying to figure it out ) , but every so often , they 'll give a hint as to who 's watching , and how much . We know , for instance , that Gilmore Girls : A Year In the Life , Fuller House , Marvel 's The Defenders , The Seven Deadly Sins , and The Ranch are the most binge-raced shows , and that there are 53 people who love A Christmas Prince more than anyone should .
To the 53 people who 've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days : Who hurt you ? — Netflix US ( @ netflix ) December 11 , 2017
“ To the 53 people who 've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days , ” the tweet reads , “ who hurt you ? ” A Christmas Prince , for all you Grinches out there , is a Netflix original movie with Hallmark-level quality about a reporter ( iZombie ‘ s Rose McIver ) who goes undercover , yadda yadda yadda , there 's a hot prince , etc . It 's not a Christmas movie that , unlike The Muppet Christmas Carol , should be seen more than once ( if it all ) . When writer Amanda Bell asked Netflix why they were calling out people for their viewing habits , no matter how unusual , they replied , “ I just want to make sure you 're okay . ”
I just want to make sure you 're okay — Netflix US ( @ netflix ) December 11 , 2017
If you do want to watch the same Christmas movie every day for nearly three weeks , we have some better ideas .
Bayero University SCE Part-Time Admission List 2016/2017 Released .
The School of Continuing Education ( SCE ) part-time degree programmes applicants of the Bayero University Kano are hereby informed that the 2016/2017 admission list for Part-Time applicants is now available . The admission list has been uploaded online and can be downloaded in PDF . Click Here To Download Congrats To All Admitted Students . To see related …
The post Bayero University SCE Part-Time Admission List 2016/2017 Released . appeared first on Students Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The environmental `` Green '' police have opened a criminal investigation into last week 's fire at the oil refineries in Haifa Bay , which caused property damage and filled local skies with smoke .
Refinery workers have been questioned under warning of prosecution .
The Latest on the Nobel Peace Prize ( all times local ) :
8:50 p.m .
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has tweeted their congratulations to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons , saying : `` Now more than ever we need a world without nuclear weapons . ''
Their spokesperson Stephane Dujarric said Friday that `` events over the past months have reminded us of the catastrophic risk that nuclear weapons pose to humanity . ''
This was a clear reference to North Korea 's increasingly sophisticated nuclear and ballistic missile tests and the threatening exchanges between U.S. President Donald Trump and the North 's leader , Kim Jong-un .
Dujarric says `` at a time when nuclear anxieties are at the highest level since the Cold War , the secretary-general calls on all countries to show vision and greater commitment for a world free of nuclear weapons . ''
———
2:50 p.m .
Former Soviet Union leader Mikhail Gorbachev has hailed the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to a group campaigning against nuclear weapons , saying it reinforces the position that they and Ronald Reagan took at the Reykjavik summit a generation ago .
Gorbachev , who has themselves campaigned against nuclear weapons since leaving office in 1991 , said they were `` very worried that military doctrines again allow the use of nuclear weapons .
They added in a statement : `` I would like to remind about a joint statement we signed with Ronald Reagan : A nuclear war ca n't be won and must never be fought . ''
Although the 1986 Reykjavik meeting collapsed at the last minute , it led to the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces treaty that banned all land-based cruise and ballistic missiles with a range between 500 and 5,500 kilometers ( 310 and 3,410 miles ) .
———
2:10 p.m .
Two days before their organization won the Nobel Peace Prize , Beatrice Fihn , sent a tweet that turned awkward : `` Donald Trump is a moron . ''
The executive director of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons told a news conference after the prize announcement that they were trying to make a joke , `` which I kind of regret now , '' based on reports that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said the same of Trump .
But , they added , `` I think that the election of President Donald Trump has made a lot of people very uncomfortable with the fact that they alone can authorize the use of nuclear weapons . ''
———
12:45 p.m .
The European Union 's foreign policy chief welcomed the awarding of this year 's Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons .
Federica Mogherini said on Twitter Friday : `` We share a strong commitment to achieving the objective of a world free from nuclear weapons . ''
Two European Union members — France and Britain — are nuclear powers .
Mogherini and their predecessor , Catherine Ashton , were heavily involved in brokering a deal to contain Iran 's nuclear program .
———
12:40 p.m .
In Japan , the only country to suffer an atomic bombing in the closing days of World War II , this year 's Nobel Peace Prize resonated with many .
Sunao Tsuboi , a 92-year-old survivor of the Hiroshima bombing , said they were overjoyed to hear of the Nobel Peace award going to those who were also working toward the abolition of nuclear weapons .
They said that `` as long as I live , I hope to work toward a realization of a world without nuclear weapons with ICAN and many other people . ''
Tsuboi , whose ear is partly missing and their face blotched with burn marks , is co-chair of the Japan Confederation of A- and H-Bomb Sufferers Organizations , or Hidankyo , and has devoted their life to the fight to eradicate nuclear weapons , stressing that the weapon is designed simply to kill .
———
11:50 a.m .
The director of the anti-nuclear campaign that won this year 's Nobel Peace Prize says that `` it sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behavior . ''
Beatrice Fihn , executive director of the Geneva-based International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons , told reporters that `` we ca n't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security . That 's not how you build security . ''
Fihn said that the group has received a phone call minutes before the official announcement was made that ICAN had won the prize . But they thought it was `` a prank '' and they did n't believe it until heard the name of the group during the Peace Prize announcement in Oslo .
———
11 a.m .
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons has won the Nobel Peace Prize .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee honored the Geneva-based group `` for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons . ''
The statement , read by committee chairperson Berit Reiss-Andersen , said that `` through its inspiring and innovative support for the U.N. negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons , ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress . ''
Asked by journalists whether the prize was essentially symbolic , given that no international measures against nuclear weapons have been reached , Reiss-Andersen said that `` what will not have an impact is being passive . ''
———
7 a.m .
The Norwegian committee that chooses the Nobel Peace Prize winner sorted through more than 300 nominations for this year 's award , which recognizes both accomplishments and intentions .
The prize announcement comes Friday in the Norwegian capital Oslo , culminating a week in which Nobel laureates have been named in medicine , physics , chemistry and literature .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee does not release names of those it considers for the prize , but said 215 individuals and 103 organizations were nominated .
Observers see the Syrian volunteer humanitarian organization White Helmets as a top contender , along with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif and EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini for shepherding the deal to curb Iran 's nuclear program .
Singer/songwriter Bob Bennett , a master guitarist and storyteller in song , will perform a solo acoustic concert in the Student Worship Center at Abba 's House . Bennett is known by many as an influential figure in the early days of contemporary Christian music . CCM Magazine acclaimed their 1982 album Matters of the Heart as `` Album of the Year , '' ranking it among the top 20 contemporary Christian albums of all time .
Admission is free with a suggested donation of $ 10 per person or $ 25 per family .
Trump Lashes Out at NYT Over Story Detailing Their Diet Coke Addiction , 4-Hour-a-Day TV Habits
Santa 's Buffest Pole Dancing Elf is Making Our Christmas Wishes Come True : WATCH
The 2018 Golden Globe nominations were announced this morning by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association . They 'll be handed out on January 7 at a ceremony hosted this year by Seth Meyers .
Here are the nominees :
Best Motion Picture – Drama
Call Me by Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
The Disaster Artist ,
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I , Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Motion Picture – Animated
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama
Jessica Chastain , Molly 's Game
Sally Hawkins , The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Meryl Streep , The Post
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothée Chalamet , Call Me by Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis , Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks , The Post
Gary Oldman , The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington , Roman J. Israel , Esq .
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench , Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren , The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie , I , Tonya
Saoirse Ronan , Lady Bird
Emma Stone , Battle of the Sexes
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell , Battle of The Sexes
Ansel Elgort , Baby Driver
James Franco , The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman , The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya , Get Out
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige , Mudbound
Hung Choe , Downsizing
Laurie Metcalf , Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer , The Shape of Water
Allison Janney , I , Tonya
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe , The Florida Project
Armie Hammer , Call Me by Your Name
Richard Jenkins , The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer , All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Best Director – Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro , The Shape Of Water
Martin McDonagh , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Christopher Nolan , Dunkirk
Ridley Scott , All the Money In The World
Steve Spielberg , The Post
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Molly 's Game
Best Original Score – Motion Picture
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
“ Home , ” Ferdinand
“ Mighty River , ” Mudbound
“ Remember Me ” Coco
“ The Star , ” The Star
“ This is Me , ” The Greatest Showman
Best Television Series – Drama
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid 's Tale
Stranger Things
This Is Us
Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Blackish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud : Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake : China Girl
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Jessica Biel , The Sinner
Nicole Kidman , Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange , Feud : Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon , Feud : Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon , Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Robert De Niro , The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law , The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan , Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor , Fargo
Geoffrey Rush , Genius
Best Performance by an Actress In A Television Series – Drama
Elisabeth Moss , The Handmaid 's Tale
Claire Foy , The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal , The Deuce
Caitriona Balfe , Outlander
Catherine Langford , 13 Reasons Why
Best Performance by an Actor In A Television Series – Drama
Sterling K. Brown , This Is Us
Freddie Highmore , The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk , Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber , Ray Donovan
Jason Bateman , Ozark
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Pamela Adlon , Better Things
Alison Brie , GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan , The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae , Insecure
Frankie Shaw , SMILF
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Anthony Anderson , Blackish
Aziz Anari , Master of None
Kevin Bacon , I Love Dick
William H. Macy , Shameless
Eric McCormack , Will & Grace
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series , Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Laura Dern , Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd , The Handmaid 's Tale
Chrissy Metz , This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer , The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley , Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series , Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
David Harbour , Stranger Things
Alfred Molina , Feud : Bette and Joan
Christian Slater , Mr . Robot
Alexander Skarsgard , Big Little Lies
David Thewlis , Fargo
This interview will be on `` St. Louis on the Air '' at noon on Wednesday ; this story will be updated after the show . You can listen live .
Public colleges and universities throughout the U.S. are relying more and more on student tuition and fees to make ends meet , and institutions in the St. Louis region have been no exception to that trend .
Just in the past few weeks , money squabbles within the Southern Illinois University System have made headlines , as did a University of Missouri­-St. Louis administrative report that recommends investing in some academic areas while inactivating others , including the theater and anthropology departments among other programs .
On Wednesday 's St. Louis on the Air , host Don Marsh will discuss the impact of higher education 's ongoing budget crisis on those at the center of the whole endeavor : the students who are pursuing degrees .
Several local undergrads from Southern Illinois University Edwardsville and the University of Missouri-St. Louis will be joining Marsh for the discussion along with an adjunct professor who teaches at St. Louis Community College and Jefferson College .
Have a question or comment about the funding issues affecting college students ' success ? Tweet us ( @ STLonAir ) or send us an email ( talk @ stlpublicradio.org ) .
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live , work and create in our region . St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards , Alex Heuer , Evie Hemphill and Lara Hamdan give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region .
This Is What Buhari Does To Their Friends .. FFK Speaks On Dino Melaye 's Hospitalization
Tweet with photo below… .
The post This Is What Buhari Does To Their Friends .. FFK Speaks On Dino Melaye 's Hospitalization appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PACIFIC PALISADES – The Official World Golf Rankings – officially , all uppercase – are mashed together each week based on one of those sausage-packing formulas you should really not concern yourself with .
Just admire it for what it is and do n't ask how it 's made .
The computations are weighted values that add and take away points depending on how one performs at any of the pro events on the planet week by week , as well as taking into consideration the strength of the field . The computer , not a bunch of fans or sportswriters , then spits out its tally each Saturday .
For the moment – as well as the past 47 weeks – Jason Day 's position at No . 1 has maintained solid roots .
By this weekend , Day 's performance in a relatively deep PGA Tour Genesis Open at Riviera Country Club , as it also compares to who else is playing on the European Tour stop in Day 's native Australia , could cause some ground shifting .
FedEx Cup leader Hideki Matsuyama , currently No . 5 , has been piling up more positive points lately and could overtake Day . So , too , could Dustin Johnson , currently No . 3 . Both are in the Riviera field , as are eight of the Top 10 players in the world rankings . Meanwhile , No . 2 Rory McIlroy is fighting a rib injury while No . 4 Henrik Stenson is oscillating on the European Tour .
Considering Day 's past performance at Riviera – seven of their eight rounds have been over par , they have missed two cuts and managed a tie for 62nd in 2012 , the last time they played here – it might have been a safer strategy to just skip this place altogether , go pitch-and-putt with their kids in Florida where the next round of pre-Masters tournaments are taking place , and deal with the consequences .
But that would seem to be counterproductive to the mindset of the 29-year-old .
“ I 've said that I wanted to go ( No . 1 ) from a calendar year , but I need to just focus on what I need to do because you ca n't really focus on staying No . 1 , ” they said after their practice Tuesday at Riviera .
“ The more you focus on the actual target itself , the more you attach yourself to it , you make mental errors out there , you get more frustrated , you do silly things on the golf course that you should n't be doing . I just need to focus on getting the process right and making sure I 'm waking up at the right time , doing my corrective exercises – all the boring little crap that you have to do . ”
If someone supplants them at No . 1 by this weekend , Day claims he 's OK with it .
“ I 'm not going to be angry or sad about it , ” they said . “ Just goes to show that I need to work harder , need to be smarter and try and win more tournaments . ”
There are demands that play into the No . 1 status , some that interrupt practice routines and family life . But the positives outweigh the negatives .
“ You 're seeing the fans , seeing the media , trying to play competitive golf and then you go back home and you 're trying to be the No . 1 dad as well , ” they said . “ Unfortunately , sometimes it 's really , really difficult not to bring it home .
“ I felt like I 've really learned a lot about myself over the past year , being able to let things go more … I do n't look at a thing on social media . I do n't wish to because the amount of negative stuff that comes out of social media is pretty poor . But to be honest , it does n't affect me when I see negative stuff about me because it 's not my problem , it 's the person 's problem that 's writing the negative stuff .
“ It is a lot of pressure but you 've got to keep pushing forward because , you get to No . 1 in the world , my whole goal in life was to get to No . 1 in the world . … Where do you go now ? You know what I mean ? ”
Jordan Spieth does .
The rankings as of last week show six players actually bunched tightly near the top — including Spieth , at No . 6 and coming off a strong victory at Pebble Beach last weekend to give them six Top 10 finishes in six events this season .
After finishing second to Day at the 2015 PGA Championship , Spieth leapt for the first time into the World No . 1 spot and kept it off and on . They secured it for a time after winning the 2015 FedEx Cup championship . That was the same season they won the Masters and U.S. Open .
Spieth 's four-stroke win at last week 's AT & T at Pebble Beach was seven better than Day , who tied for fifth with a weekend that included a third-round score of 3-over 75 .
Spieth has had little time to soak the triumph . The University of Texas alum who once won an NCAA championship at Riviera had to jet down to L.A. last Sunday to make at 8:40 a.m. tee time Monday with three current Longhorn players to compete in the Collegiate Showcase .
He 's hardly complaining .
“ I think it 's very advantageous to be playing right after a win , ” they said . “ You should have the most confidence of anyone in the field — which I believe I do . Guys playing well should be working their way into contention this week , either early or later on . The more you can play when you are playing well , the better , in my opinion .
“ A short week , and short travel , and pretty similar grass — and what looks like pretty similar ( weather ) conditions , honestly , will be very helpful and very useful . ”
According to those who profess to having figured out the algorithms , if Day finishes outside the top 24 this weekend , it opens the door for Johnson to leap to the top . If Day is in a three-way tie or worse , Matsuyama has an opening .
And if Tiger Woods , currently at No . 693 , could once enjoy 683 weeks as the World No . 1 during their career , why not envision what life could be back on the top .
“ Oh , man , being No . 1 in the world ... is tough , ” said Day . “ It really is . It 's exciting… . ”
They then took a pause of a few seconds .
“ It 's really a good place to be . I would n't trade it for the world . ”
Also
Day will be paired with Matsuyama and Justin Thomas , a two-time winner this season , for the first two rounds , with a 12:23 p.m. start from the first tee on Thursday and 7:43 a.m. start from the 10th tee for Friday 's second round . Just ahead of them , Spieth and defending champion Bubba Watson will be with former Riviera champion Bill Haas at 12:12 p.m. first tee Thursday and 7:32 a.m. 10th tee Friday .
Phil Mickelson , Jim Furyk and Sergio Garcia are playing partners at 7:22 a.m. on the 10th tee Thursday and 12:02 p.m. on the first tee Friday , just ahead of Dustin Johnson , Adam Scott and Justin Rose ( 7:32 a.m. 10th tee Thursday ; 12:12 first tee Friday ) .
GENESIS OPEN AT A GLANCE
• Where : Riviera Country Club ( 1250 Capri Drive , Pacific Palisades )
• The course : Par 71 on a layout of 7,322 yards
• Prize money : $ 7 million purse ; $ 1.224 million to the winner
• Defending champion : Bubba Watson , winning two of the last three tournaments .
• The field : The 144 players include current World No . 1 ranked Jason Day , defending U.S. Open champion Dustin Johnson , former Riviera champions Phil Mickelson and Adam Scott plus Top 25-ranked players Hideki Matsuyama , Jordan Spieth , Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose . Tiger Woods intended to play but pulled out Friday with back issues . Fan favorite and former winner Fred Couples also is not here after 34 starts in a 36-year span .
Schedule of events :
Today : Pro-Am begins at 6:40 a.m. ; gates open at 6 a.m .
Thursday and Friday : First two rounds begin at 6:40 a.m. ; gates open at 6 a.m .
Saturday and Sunday : Final two rounds begin at 8 a.m. , gates open at 7:30 a.m .
• Tickets : All information and purchases available at www.tigerwoodsfoundation.org/events/open/tickets
Grounds tickets start at $ 25 ( Wednesday ) , $ 55 ( Thursday or Friday ) and $ 65 ( Saturday or Sunday ) . Youths 15 and under are free with an adult admission . Military veterans receive at 25 percent discount . Active and retired military and National Guard can redeem complimentary tickets on the website . Clubhouse tickets are $ 99 per day . High school and college student tickets ( $ 25 with ID ) can only be purchased at the box office .
• Prohibited items : Security inspection at the course entrance will not allow , among other things , backpacks or large purses , beverage container or coolers , large camera bags , folding chairs higher than 18 inches , ladders , periscopes , picnic baskets , radios and TVs , signs or banners , video camera or recorders . More info at GenesisOpen.com/spectators
• Public parking : Downtown Santa Monica parking structures S1 through S1 are open 24 hours and include a complimentary shuttle . The pickup and drop off locations are on Wilshire Boulevard , between 2nd and 3rd Street . Shuttles run from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Wednesday , Thursday and Friday and from 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday .
The Metro Express line riders can exit at the Downtown Santa Monica station and walk 10-to-15 minutes to the shuttle pick up and drop off spot . More info : www.metro.net .
• Uber : An Uber drop off spot has been designated at the Paul Revere Charter Middle School ( 1450 Allenford Ave. ) .
• Television : Golf Channel has live coverage Thursday and Friday from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m . The coverage for CBS ( KCBS-Channel 2 ) is scheduled for noon to 3 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday but it could be extended as rounds are completed . Golf Channel also has Saturday and Sunday coverage from 10 a.m. to 11:30 a.m .
• History : The PGA Tour professional stop in Los Angeles goes back to 1926 . It has rotated among several Southern California courses until staying at Riviera as the home course since 1973 ( with diversion to Rancho Park in 1983 and Valencia Country Club in 1998 ) . This year 's title sponsor is Genesis . It has previously been known as the Northern Trust Open , the Nissan Open and the Glen Campbell L.A. Open .
• Records : 72-holes – 264 by Lanny Wadkins in 1985 ; 18-holes – 61 by George Archer ( third round , 1983 , at Rancho Park ) and by Ted Tryba ( third round , 1999 , at Riviera )
Contact the writer : thoffarth @ scng.com
China has criticized proposed U.S. investment controls as a violation of global trade rules and says it reserves the right to retaliate if they take effect .
The Commerce Ministry 's comment Thursday came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China 's trade surplus and Beijing 's promise to buy more American goods .
A ministry spokesperson , Gao Feng , said the White House proposal to restrict Chinese investment in the United States violates the `` rules and basic spirit '' of the World Trade Organization .
Gao said , `` The Chinese side will carefully evaluate the U.S. measures and reserves the right to take corresponding measures . ''
WASHINGTON ( AP ) – Democratic Sen. Bernie Sanders says James T. Hodgkinson , the man authorities identified as opening fire on the Republican congressional baseball practice , had apparently volunteered on their presidential campaign .
Sanders , of Vermont , says in a statement : “ I am sickened by this despicable act. ” They say that “ violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms . ”
They paid tribute to Capitol Police for their response to the shooting , and said their “ hopes and prayers ” are with House GOP Whip Steve Scalise and others who were wounded .
Sanders challenged Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination in the 2016 presidential election . They add in their statement that “ real change ” can only come through nonviolent action .
Tekno Part Ways With Ubi Franklin 's Triple MG
As reported yesterday , Tekno has officially departed Triple MG to sign on to Paulo 's Upfront & Personal entertainment empire . The Sony Music artiste stylishly dropped the hint via their Instagram page yesterday saying ; “ thank you Upfront & Personal…thank you Pauloo for becoming a part of my label .. you know…buying into the company…and owning 50 % of shares …
The post Tekno Part Ways With Ubi Franklin 's Triple MG appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Denise Huskins and Aaron Quinn , the couple in a bizarre kidnapping case in 2015 that police initially called as a hoax , settled a defamation suit with the city of Vallejo , California .
Woman feared for their life during 2015 so-called 'Gone Girl ' kidnapping case
Denise Huskins , along with their fiancÃ© , Aaron Quinn , spoke to ABC News ' Amy Robach about the terror they faced when they were kidnapped and held for ransom for 48 hours by Matthew Muller in 2015 .
All Solid Waste Authority facilities will be closed Monday , Feb. 20 in observance of President 's Day .
About 250 people evacuated from adjacent Renaissance Square Apartments . They are at a nearby park . Firefighters expect many will be allowed to return in a couple of hours . pic.twitter.com/bgYWQWov4I — Matt Keller ( @ MattKellerABC7 ) April 24 , 2018
Firefighters say fire is under control at under construction apartment complex on Concord Blvd . and Galindo St. in Concord . 2 people taken to hospital for smoke inhalation . pic.twitter.com/YZtm23tvuY — Matt Keller ( @ MattKellerABC7 ) April 24 , 2018
A three-alarm fire burning at a huge apartment complex under construction in Concord is now under control . Two people suffering from smoke inhalation have been transported to the hospital , officials said.About 250 residents of the nearby Renaissance Apartment Building complex have been evacuated . The complex it is located at the intersection of Clayton Road and Galindo Street , about a block and a half from the BART station . Residents were being told to gather in nearby Todos Santos Plaza.Contra Costa County Health officials have issued a health advisory for people with respiratory conditions near the blaze . Residents are being advised to stay inside or stay away within a one mile radius of the fire.Several areas of the building have collapsed . The fire spread quickly because the building was still in stick frame construction , firefighters said.First reports of the fire came in at 1 a.m. At least 70 firefighters have been on scene . The structure spreads for an entire city blockGalindo Street is closed at Clayton Road and Salvio Street . In addition , Willow Pass Road , Concord Boulevard and Clayton Road are all closed at Galindo and Sutter streets .
OAP Freeze Weighs On The Trending Hallelujah Challenge
OAP Daddy Freeze has weighed in on the trending Nathaniel Bassey 's hallelujah challenge and how people now screen grab their comments and celebrity comments for show . Celebrities like Omoni Oboli , Donjazzy , Kcee , Ice Prince , Funke Akindele , ChiomaAkpota , Uche Jombo , Lynxx , Toke Makinwa , Weird MC , Chika Ike , Iyanya , Paul Okoye and many more have joined the …
The post OAP Freeze Weighs On The Trending Hallelujah Challenge appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The National Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ) said that the FCT and Lagos State reported a total of 58,566 crime cases in 2016 .
The NBS stated this in a report published on its website on Tuesday .
According to the bureau , the FCT and Lagos State reported highest crime cases while Katsina State and Abia had the lowest percentage share of total cases reported in 2016 .
The bureau said that the FCT reported 13,181 crime cases while Lagos State reported 45 , 385 crime cases .
The cases were in categories as offence against persons , offence against property , offence against lawful authority and offence against local Acts .
A breakdown of crime cases showed that FCT reported 2,984 cases of offence against persons , 9,350 cases against property , 843 cases lawful authority and only four cases against local Acts .
The report said offence against persons are those offences against human beings such as murder , manslaughter , infanticide , concealment of birth , rape and other physical abuse , etc .
Offences against properties were those offences against human belonging : Properties of any kind like stealing , receiving stolen properties , obtaining property by false pretence , robbery , burglary and house breaking .
Offences against lawful authority , this is any offence committed against any establishment of the law e.g . failure to pay tax to the appropriate authority .
It explained that Local Acts are those laws that we can not enforce outside Nigeria – e.g . Liquor Act or Firearms Act .
Meanwhile , the bureau said that Lagos State reported 15 , 426 cases of offence against persons ; 22,885 cases of offence against property ; 6 , 768 cases of offence against lawful authority and 306 cases of offence against offence local Acts .
The bureau further stated that a total of 125,790 cases were reported from the 36 states in 2016 .
It stated that offence against property had the highest number of cases reported with 65,397 of such cases .
The bureau said that offence against persons recorded 45,554 cases reported while offence against lawful authority and local Acts recorded the least with 12,144 and 2,695 cases recorded respectively .
It stated that Lagos State had the highest percentage share of total cases reported with 36.08 per cent and 45,385 cases recorded .
The bureau stated that FCT Abuja and Delta State followed closely with 10.48 per cent and 13,181 and 6.25 per cent and 7,867 cases recorded respectively .
It stated that Katsina State had the lowest percentage share of total cases reported with 0.10 per cent and 120 cases recorded .
The bureau stated that Abia and Zamfara followed closely with 0.29 per cent and 364 cases and 0.38 per cent and 483 cases recorded respectively .
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) – Red dragon fruit grown in Tainan County , southern Taiwan has entered the production phase and is now available in stores at a good price , reported CNA .
This season 's product is of good quality , stable price and in steady supply , according to reports .
In a bid to encourage a wider audience to try the red fruit , the Agriculture Bureau , Tainan City Government has invited the region 's best farmers to package the fruit in gift boxes for the local government .
Red dragon fruit gift boxes . ( CNA image )
Wu Chun-chieh ( 吳俊傑 ) , head of agricultural marketing for the Agriculture Bureau , Tainan City Government said red dragon fruit is mostly sold within Taiwan , but is becoming increasingly popular overseas in Canada , China and Hong Kong .
Tainan 's dragon fruit exports increased by 32 percent last year to May .
According to Wu , dragon fruit comes in both white and red flesh varieties , with the red flesh type being sweet and popular with consumers .
Dragon fruit is good on its own , in a fruit salad or as a juice , Wu added .
The main farm areas in Tainan County will produce around 6,800 metric tons of red dragon fruit this season , the fourth highest production region in Taiwan .
Now Playing : FULL SPECIAL REPORT : FBI updates on Congressional shooting
Now Playing : Alexandria residents say they called 911 after hearing gunshots
Now Playing : Scalise in critical condition after Virginia shooting
Now Playing : Dramatic video captures sounds of gunfire at congressional baseball practice in Virginia
Now Playing : Bartender : Suspected shooter 'came off a little creepy '
Now Playing : Mom turns to Facebook to thank 'Wal-Mart angel '
Now Playing : Friend of suspected shooter describes 'happy-go-lucky guy '
Now Playing : A timeline of the shooting at a Virginia baseball field
Now Playing : Nurses honoring tiny 'graduates ' leaving the NICU
Now Playing : Friend of Virginia shooter had no inclination they were violent
Now Playing : San Francisco police respond to shooting at UPS facility
Now Playing : Rep. Costello : ' I would 've been right in the line of fire '
Now Playing : Nancy Pelosi : 'It 's an injury in the family '
Now Playing : House Speaker Paul Ryan : 'We are united in our anguish '
Now Playing : House chaplain offers prayer in wake of shooting
Now Playing : Bernie Sanders says gunman volunteered on their presidential campaign
Now Playing : Boy dies after being left in hot day care van
Now Playing : Witnesses reflect on the Virginia shooting
Now Playing : Suspect in congressional baseball shooting identified
Sometimes the road to the ultimate goal is paved with setbacks along the way .
That was the case this year for Foothill 's boys lacrosse team .
During the regular season , the Knights encountered some difficult stretches and lost more games than usual , but in the end , the payoff from having to deal with a tough schedule was worth it .
Foothill lost 11 games overall , but managed to stand out as the best team in Orange County by winning the O.C . title and advancing to the Southern Section final .
For their leadership through the journey , Jon Fox is the Register 's boys lacrosse coach of the year .
Foothill head coach Jon Fox is this year 's All-County boys lacrosse coach of the year . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Corona del Mar 's Jordan Pakzad is the Register 's boys lacrosse player of the year . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
The Register 's All-County boys lacrosse team from top row left : Foothill 's Ellis Geis , Corona del Mar 's Jordan Pakzad , Nick Puglia , Will Favreau , Santa Margarita 's Chase Lynch , Quentin Buchman , San Clemente 's David Howren , Foothill 's George Dalis , and El Toro 's Tyler Collins . Bottom row from left : Foothill 's Tony Delcrognale , Cole Falbo , Corona del Mar 's Kyle Cord , Brennan Greenwald , Sachin Gokhale , St. Margaret 's Kevin Groeninger , San Clemente 's Nick Lemus , Beckman 's Justin Cheng , Santa Margarita 's Garrett Caruso , and Servite 's Hayden Rodenbeck . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Corona del Mar 's Jordan Pakzad is this year 's boys lacrosse player of the year . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Corona del Mar 's Kyle Cord is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Corona del Mar 's Brennan Greenwald is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Corona del Mar 's Will Favreau is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Corona del Mar 's Sachin Gokhale is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Corona del Mar 's Nick Puglia is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Foothill 's Ellis Geis is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Foothill 's George Dalis is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Foothill 's Tony Delcrognale is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Santa Margarita 's Quentin Buchman is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Santa Margarita 's Garrett Caruso is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Santa Margarita 's Chase Lynch is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
San Clemente 's Nick Lemus is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
San Clemente 's David Howren is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
Servite 's Hayden Rodenbeck is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
El Toro 's Tyler Collins is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
St. Margaret 's Kevin Groeninger is selected to this year 's All-County boys lacrosse team . ( Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG )
“ We approach every season trying to play the toughest competition possible , and to try and give the kids a real challenging schedule and something to work toward , ” Fox said . “ They know that have to work hard every week .
“ We were facing a league champ , county champ or state champ every week , sometimes multiple times in the same week . It was really challenging and it gets you motivated . ”
The Knights faced the top teams in Orange County , Los Angeles County , Northern California and San Diego . They also took on teams from Texas , Colorado and Maryland .
“ We came out the underside of a few of those battles , but it was a great experience , ” Fox said . “ It motivated the kids to get better and gives them that experience to be ready for the playoffs and the finals , knowing that they 've already played hard teams and that they can handle it . ”
Foothill lost its final game of the regular season , dropping a 15-9 decision to Poway .
The Knights opened the Southern Division O.C . playoffs as the third seed and defeated Santiago of Corona , Tesoro and second-seeded San Clemente to make it back to the O.C . final .
In the final , Foothill avenged a loss to Corona del Mar earlier in the season by winning , 9-3 .
“ For us , we chose the hard route and we felt for these kids , it would push them more and give them a chance to show that they 're more than just an Orange County team , and they want that challenge , ” Fox said . “ Even though we did n't win all of them , they went out and battled and in the end to come out top was a great treat . ”
Foothill also claimed its 200th victory since becoming a CIF team in 2006 .
“ It just reminds me of the hard work of all of the kids that have been here , all the boosters that have worked hard to give kids an opportunity , ” Fox said . “ This sport has come a long way . ”
Rock plays down GPS incident 06 October 2017
Dublin 's Dean Rock lifts the Sam Maguire Cup .
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne . Dublin 's Dean Rock lifts the Sam Maguire Cup.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne .
Dean Rock says they were `` completely oblivious to everything else around me '' , including Lee Keegan 's attempts to put them off by tossing a GPS unit in their direction , as they were about to score the winning free in last month 's All-Ireland football final .
The Dublin match-winner claims they thought the unit was a `` piece of muck '' as they stepped up to take the vital kick .
`` It was only after the game when it blew up on social media and it became a thing , '' Rock said at an AIG event yesterday .
`` I genuinely thought it was a piece of muck or something that was thrown , and that was okay . I was just completely focused on the ball and a certain point on the ball and I was completely oblivious to everything else around me .
`` The item did n't hit me or anything so it was n't an issue at the time . I just struck the ball over the bar and then straight on to the kick-out to try and shut it down .
“ You 'd always notice lads distracting you , putting you off or calling you different things . That 's just part and parcel of it especially in Gaelic football . You hear from spectators , you hear from players on the pitch . That 's just the norm . ”
Rock , who works with people with intellectual disabilities in Stewart 's Care in Palmerstown , describes themselves as a `` calm individual '' .
“ I 'm a very calm individual and that comes across in the way I approach my day-to-day life and my job , my professional work with people with intellectual disabilities , '' they said .
`` There is a lot of transferable stuff there , people would always talk about me being calm , cool and collected . not just from a free-taking point of view . ''
By Dave Lee | BBC News |
Much of Facebook 's recent growth can be attributed to the spread of video on its network – and the company told investors recently it planned to aggressively monetise that success .
Today , it announced some ideas to get things moving – starting with a change many users may not appreciate .
Videos have autoplayed on Facebook 's News Feed for some time , leading to a curious rise of “ silent movies ” as publishers adapted to knowing that the majority of viewers would be watching , but not listening , to their work .
But between now and the end of the year Facebook 's News Feed will be enabling sound on your News Feed by default , a move the company has been testing out on a limited number of users for a short while .
The firm said it had received “ positive feedback ” so far .
“ With this update , sound fades in and out as you scroll through videos in News Feed , bringing those videos to life , ” the company explained in a blog post on Tuesday .
“ As people watch more video on phones , they 've come to expect sound when the volume on their device is turned on . ”
Thankfully – for those who do n't want videos to suddenly play out on the bus – if your phone is set to be completely silent , Facebook will not override that . You can also turn it off completely in the Facebook app 's settings .
But data shows us that when something is thrust upon users as the default , they will mostly stick to it .
It will likely change the style of many of the videos we see on the network . For some time now , publishers have realised that because viewers were probably not listening to clips , but just watching them , they needed to add subtitles as a way to draw people in .
Publishers may well relish the chance to do away with that legwork . Subtitling is time-consuming and costly . Facebook 's analytics tools go into great detail about how videos are performing , and so expect companies to be watching closely to see if they can now give up on subtitles .
Accessibility hit
If that 's the case , it could potentially be terrible news for accessibility . One welcome side effect of viewing habits on Facebook has been that impaired viewers were benefitting from subtitling becoming good business sense as well as just the right thing to do for accessibility .
Earlier this week in the UK , disability groups cheered the arrival of a new amendment to the Digital Economy Bill that would push broadcasters to improve subtitling for on-demand content . It is intended to bring existing laws over TV subtitling into the modern age – giving media regulator Ofcom the ability to set quotas and minimum standards for subtitling online .
But that , as it stands , would not apply to Facebook – and even if it did , the majority of video posted to Facebook originates overseas .
There is , however , potential good news on the horizon : Facebook has also been tentatively rolling out voice recognition software designed to automatically transcribe clips and add subtitles . But , I 'm yet to see software truly up to that massive task .
Today 's announcement by Facebook was just one part of several plans the company shared about its video ambitions . Vertical videos will be displayed in full , and therefore appear larger in your feed . And you 'll also be able to carry on watching a video while scrolling down your feed – a feature already found in YouTube 's app .
The plans also include new efforts to reach viewers through their televisions .
The company is launching an app on Apple TV , Amazon Fire TV and Samsung Smart TV with more platforms to come , it said .
UEFA Champions League : Salah shines as Liverpool beat Roma
Liverpool took a big step towards the UEFA Champions League final with a 5-2 win over AS Roma in their semifinal , first leg at Anfield on Tuesday . Two late Roma goals , however , will give the Italians , who came back from 4-1 down to beat Barcelona in the previous round , some hope of an upset in the return game next Wednesday . Two superbly taken goals from Mohamed Salah gave Jurgen Klopp 's side a 2-0 lead at halftime and Liverpool ripped Roma apart after the break .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. ( AP ) — Officials at the nation 's only underground nuclear waste repository will be flipping the switch on an interim ventilation system this week , allowing mining to resume for the first time since a 2014 radiation release contaminated part of the facility .
Still , they caution it will be a few years before the flow of air is enough to meet the pace of operations before the leak .
Bruce Covert , president of the contractor that runs the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant , said testing was done and the U.S. Energy Department approved starting up the ventilation system .
They called it a big step for the facility , which disposes of waste from decades of bomb-making and nuclear research .
Officials are planning for a permanent system that 's expected to cost a quarter-billion dollars and take until 2021 to complete .
Fashola chides estate valuers over property pricing
The Nation Newspaper
This was the poser for estate surveyors and valuers at the inauguration of the reconstituted Estate Surveyors and Valuers Registration Board of Nigeria ( ESVARBON ) in Abuja by the Minister of Power , Works and Housing , Mr. Babatunde Fashola . “ For me , I …
and more »
A new solar farm designed to power an energy firm 's data centre in Italy has been completed .
Enerray has finished installing the photovoltaic system for Eni New Energy , the Eni subsidiary dedicated to developing plans for the production of renewable power .
The solar plant is located in the city of Ferrera Erbognone , in close proximity to the company 's Sannazzaro de ' Burgondi oil refinery .
The 3,000-panel system is expected to be able to generate a capacity of 1,438MWh and slash carbon dioxide emissions equal to approximately 800 tonnes .
Eni 's green data centre will use all of the energy produced from the system during its 24/7 operation .
When President Trump officially recognized the city of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital last week , with no mention of Palestinian claims to it , critics said it was like tossing a hand grenade into the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , and warned it would light the Palestinian street on fire .
Thousands of Palestinians have indeed taken to the streets to demonstrate , sparking a predictable round of clashes with Israeli security forces that to date have left two protesters killed in Gaza and dozens more Palestinians wounded . A few rockets were fired into southern Israel from Hamas-ruled Gaza as well , eliciting Israeli return fire .
But overall the response – especially in Jerusalem – has been muted , at least in terms of physical protest .
Recommended : How much do you know about the Palestinians ? Take our quiz
To be sure there is outrage , but there is also deep despair , for Mr. Trump 's declaration was issued after two decades of a Middle East peace process so stuck it has already been given up for dead by many Palestinians .
“ Why would we need another intifada for our sons to die in ? ” asks Ziad Fawzeh , 60 , wearing a navy wool hat emblazoned with the word “ Jerusalem ” as they stand next to a stand of fresh bread in the Old City of Jerusalem . “ There 's no peace process as it is . So why should there should be violence . For what ? ”
Part of that “ for what ” sentiment stems from the reality that Trump 's declaration , dramatic as it may sound , does not change the situation on the ground for Jerusalem in any practical sense , at least for the time being .
Compounding Palestinian frustration is a deeply unpopular Palestinian leadership . And the consensus seems to be , among analysts and Palestinians going about their daily lives , that the elements for a genuine uprising at the moment are lacking : There is neither the hope that another intifada will change anything – there have been two such costly uprisings so far – nor is there the political leadership , or political will , to direct it .
Among Palestinians there is talk now that it may be time to change course dramatically – away from the much vaunted , but elusive , two-state solution that envisions an independent Israel and a Palestine living side by side , and toward a one-state solution .
For some that means a grudging acceptance that the de-facto one-state solution as pushed by the policies of a hard-right Israeli government have won out by building “ facts on the ground ” – settlements in the West Bank and Jerusalem that make dividing the land nearly impossible . For others it means fighting for a one-state solution that incorporates respect for human rights and equality for both Palestinians and Israelis , its advocates say .
ONE BINATIONAL STATE ?
One of the bellwethers of this possible shift is the embittered response to Trump 's declaration from Saeb Erekat , the longtime chief Palestinian peace negotiator . Since the Oslo Accords were signed in 1993 and during countless rounds of ensuing peace talks , Mr. Erekat remained a tireless champion of an independent Palestinian state within the holy grail of a two-state solution .
But immediately after Trump 's speech Wednesday night , a visibly distraught Erekat told reporters : “ Unfortunately , President Trump just destroyed any possibility of two states . ”
In an interview with the Israeli newspaper Haaretz , they said they now also endorses a single binational state for both Israelis and Palestinians to share , saying , “ Now is the time to transform the struggle for one state , with equal rights for everyone living in historic Palestine . ”
Jawad Siyam , director of the Wadi Information Center in the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Silwan , says , “ It is Trump and Israel that have brought us to a one-state solution , but one that does not want to include us in this state . Israel wants a Jewish state , but how does one make it democratic for us as well ? ”
But a one-state solution is a firm red line ( with flashing red lights ) for the vast majority of Israelis if that one state is not a Jewish majority state , and the number of Palestinian Arabs living in Gaza , Israel , and the West Bank already nearly rivals the number of Israeli Jews .
And officials in the governing Palestinian Authority ( PA ) , run by the Fatah Party founded by Yasser Arafat and comprised mostly of their former colleagues , are so wedded to the two-state solution – and to the US foreign aid that comes with it – that it 's unlikely they would make such a dramatic pivot away from the idea .
The new Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) for Our Lady of the Lake Regional Medical Center , Stephanie Manson , assumes their role as COO this week , succeeding Terrie Sterling .
Manson has a distinguished healthcare career that began as an administrative fellow at Our Lady of the Lake in 1998 . Most recently , they served as Chief Information Officer and Vice President of Operations for the Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System where they led successful implementation of the new single electronic health record , EPIC , across the statewide enterprise .
“ Stephanie has shown exceptional operational leadership , strategic planning and process improvement throughout their career and she 'll continue to bring that innovation and energy to this newest assignment and our community , ” said K. Scott Wester , CEO of Our Lady of the Lake . “ Stephanie 's leadership will further drive our culture of excellence and quality as they partner with our physicians , leaders and team members . ”
Following their administrative fellowship , Manson has served in roles with executive responsibilities across both acute and ambulatory areas including the complex planning and implementation for Our Lady of the Lake 's public-private partnership with the state of Louisiana and the LSU School of Medicine . From 2006 to 2009 , Manson served as vice president for Innovative Healthcare Solutions of Louisiana before returning to Our Lady of the Lake as vice president , Operations from 2009 to 2015 .
They received their Bachelor of Science , Psychology from Louisiana State University , and a Master of Business Administration and a Master of Science Health Administration from the University of Alabama Birmingham .
Manson received the Tomorrow 's Leaders Award from Catholic Health Association in 2011 , was named a 40 Under 40 recipient by the Baton Rouge Business Report in 2004 , and is a graduate of the Baton Rouge Chamber of Commerce , Leadership Baton Rouge Class of 2002 . They currently serve on the Board of Directors for Capital Area United Way and University of Alabama Birmingham Graduate Programs in Health Administration Alumnae .
Sterling , who has served the Lake for 32 years and held the COO position since 2006 , will lead the continued development of the freestanding Children 's Hospital as it advances toward opening in Fall , 2019 , as well as other strategic organizational initiatives .
`` Terrie is an incredible leader for our ministry and their three decades here have helped shape the high-quality organization we are today , '' said Wester . `` Terrie and Stephanie have worked over the last several months to ensure a smooth transition . I look forward to the continued contributions Terrie will be making for our organization , community and state . ''
Information on this page was provided by Our Lady of the Lake .
RED WING , Minn. ( AP ) — Red Wing officials are considering changing a policy regarding a decades-long tradition of painting graffiti on a bluff .
Source : LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
For the 16th consecutive year , Foundations Entertainment University ( FEU ) will be inviting FEC newbies to the well-vetted educational program held just before Expo . ( Organizers claim over 1,350 have graduated from the program and 250 FECs got their start thanks to FEU . )
It will take place at the Las Vegas Convention Center on Feb. 25 and 26 . The two days and evenings of educational workshops will include one-on-one consultations with instructors , dinner and lunch , a free Amusement Expo pass and more .
Early bird registration ends on Jan. 31 , 2018 , and comes in at $ 395 . Regular registration is $ 495 . Learn more and register here . AAMA and AMOA 's annual Amusement Expo comes up right afterward ( Feb. 27 to March 1 ) . Learn more about the Amusement Expo right here .
US speaks on Nigeria being giant of Africa
The United States of America has spoken on Nigeria being the giant of Africa . Speaking through its Consul General , Mr. F. John Bray , the United States said its continued support for Nigeria 's democratic process is rooted in its conviction that the country “ is key to Africa 's prosperity and stability. ” Bray said it is the belief [ … ]
US speaks on Nigeria being giant of Africa
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
by Capt David Hare
Water Temperature : 84 degrees , lake level : full pool , clarity : clear .
So far May has been another good striper month . We have caught a world of them on top with artificial and with live bait on top . Very exciting action when you 're catching trophy 20 to 40-pounders on light weight tackle . Hope it continues to June .
For June , expect some very early action out of stripers out in the open water . Occasionally , you 'll get late afternoon action , but right at dark the night bite gets busy in June . Expect to find a few around dock lights that will be catchable , but almost all of my night trips I fish the wide open waters and get the fish to come to me instead of doing a whole lot of dock light fishing . To do this type of open water fishing , you should rig your boat with a nice LED light package . My personal favorites are the brand name Blue Water LED lights .
My favorite nighttime live bait is the smaller gizzard shad rigged with a 2-3 ounce weight , # 2 circle hook and a fluorocarbon leader . Size line and size leaders depend on clarity of water and the size fish you are targeting . Try to use the lightest test line you think you can get by with . As I tell all my clients , most people do not have the capability to catch shad , or even harder , to keep shad alive , so just buy you a few black salties and try your luck with them .
If none of this sounds like your cup of tea as far as night fishing or real early morning fishing , then as I always say , get a couple downriggers and troll deep water with your lures running deep around 2-3 mph and you should be able to boat these awesome fish in June with not a lot of trouble .
Until next time catch one for me ! For bookings , contact me at ( 256 ) 401-3089
Taking a Different Look at Quality and Valuation in International Equities
Egor N. Rybakov , CFA , is Senior Vice President and Global Equity Portfolio Manager for RMB Capital , a Chicago-based independent financial services firm with more than $ 8.1 billion in assets under management . Mr. Rybakov brought to RMB the investment process they have honed for the past two decades — screening the universe of international equities to uncover mispriced quality companies expected to create long-term value . Mr. Rybakov joined the firm in March 2016 to help expand RMB 's international and global strategies , including a concentrated portfolio of non-U.S. companies selected across the market-cap spectrum . Prior to joining RMB , Mr. Rybakov was Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Keeley Asset Management 's global equities practice . Previously , they held international equity portfolio management and research positions at a number of firms , including ENR Investments , Principal Global Investors/EDGE AM , affiliates of Nuveen Investments — Tradewinds Global Investors and SBAM — as well as Thornburg Investment Management . Mr. Rybakov holds a bachelor 's degree in economics and management from the Moscow State University — MGU — and an MBA with concentrations in finance and accounting from The University of Illinois at Chicago . They are a CFA charterholder . Mr. Rybakov is based in RMB 's Irvine , California , office . Profile
Mr. Rybakov : I am responsible for international equities at RMB and manage the team
JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice in 2017 UTME
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board ( JAMB ) has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test ( CBT ) centres over their involvement in extortion and organised examination malpractices during the 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination ( UTME ) .
JAMB 's Registrar , Prof. Is-haq Oloyede , made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abuja at a news conference at the end of an enlarged meeting with external examiners and other stakeholders in the conduct of the 2017 UTME .
Oloyede , who also announced the cancellation of the results of 59,698 candidates who sat for the examination , said another 24 CBT centres had been suspended for one year for failing to live up to expectations .
“ The ( 24 CBT ) centres will not participate in the 2018 UTME , but they can be reconsidered for 2019 and above .
“ The delisting of 48 centres from participating in the board 's examination in future is as a result of serious technical deficiencies , extortion , organised examination malpractices and other damaging infractions . ”
They said that JAMB had fixed July 1 , 2017 as the date for supplementary examination for candidates who registered late for this year 's UTME .
Oloyede added that some of the candidates whose results were cancelled , would also take part in the rescheduled exam .
The JAMB boss said the decision to allow the candidates sit for the rescheduled examination was reached after a thorough review of all the reports that emanated from their centres .
According to him , 1,386 candidates have their results cancelled over examination malpractice ; 57,646 results were also affected as a result of centres-induced malpractices while the results of 666 candidates were cancelled due to multiple examinations .
They listed the categories of candidates whose results were cancelled but would take part in the rescheduled examination to include candidates of centres with mass malpractices but who are deemed innocent , biometric non-verification machine related issues .
Others include technical and log out issues , late registration , incomplete results and candidates who lost examination sessions due to malfunctioning of servers at the affected centre .
The post JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice in 2017 UTME appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
`` I could n't be more excited about the potential this creates for the digital transformation of Australian and New Zealand governments and what it means to our combined ecosystem , ” CDC CEO Greg Boorer ( left ) said .
By Andrew Kunambura
Relatives of a 22-year-old man have demanded that police thoroughly investigate Chief Musarurwa for shooting them at point-blank range , amid fears there is an attempt to downplay the case in a move that risks sparking a new scandal for the law enforcement agency .
The man , who was only identified by their surname Majongwe , suffered a serious gunshot wound in the chest from the shooting and is being treated in the Chivhu General Hospital 's intensive care unit where their condition is deteriorating , relatives told the Daily News yesterday .
“ He is battling for life at Chivhu General Hospital after being shot in the chest by the degenerate traditional leader , ” a fuming close relative told the Daily News .
Police national spokesperson Charity Charamba told the Daily News in a telephone interview yesterday that police had concluded that the shooting was accidental .
“ Yes , I can confirm that , but it was an accidental shooting , ” they said , and declined to give further details .
Chief Musarurwa could not be reached for comment yesterday .
Although details of the shooting were still sketchy at the time of going to print last night , reports are that Musarurwa , whose real name is Enos Musakwa , allegedly opened fire at the man at point-blank range in the tiny farming town on Tuesday last week after an unspecified altercation .
They are also said to have lost a lot of blood following the shooting , which left them unconscious .
Close relatives who declined to be named for fear of victimisation also said they feared for their lives .
They added that efforts to bring Musarurwa , who is also a Senator to book have so far proved fruitless as members of the Zimbabwe Republic Police ( ZRP ) officers in the area have reportedly received orders from their superiors to stop pursuing the matter and conclude it was an accidental shooting .
Majongwe 's family said they are now considering hiring a private investigator to look into the shooting after being frustrated by police .
A distraught uncle said the family is disgusted by the police 's approach .
“ The police 's claim is a load of bulls * * * . . . . full of lies , ” said the uncle .
“ We wanted justice for my nephew and we have not got it . We are hiring a private investigator to get to the bottom of this and find out the truth , ” they added .
The chief is not shy of controversy .
Last year , a Chikomba district-based war veteran , Justice Munhapa , was accused of savagely beating the chief after they failed to peacefully resolve their dispute over a piece of land .
In 2015 , they publicly clashed with the opposition MDC leadership after it failed to inform them of the death of one of its prominent supporters in the area after they turned up to mark the party 's 16th anniversary at Nharira Growth Point in Chikomba district .
Also last year , Chief Musarurwa stirred controversy when they swam against the tide and said there was nothing wrong with raunchy South African dancer Zodwa Wabantu to come and perform in the country after the censorship board blocked them from staging two shows in the country .
Zodwa drew continental controversy for their sexually suggestive dances which they perform mainly to drooling male fans without underwear . DailyNews
Wednesday is not only Flag Day but the U.S. Army 's birthday too . This week 's Hero of Texoma is an Army veteran who turned their life around .
Thomas Graham went from using drugs and living on the streets to having their home and a job .
Graham said their whole life they were looking for a structure to help shape their life .
They said thanks to help from the Wichita Falls Faith Mission and Military Veterans Peer Network they got the structure they needed to get their boots back on the right path .
`` I started off doing drugs and alcohol at a young age , '' Graham said .
They were born in Dallas , Texas and made their way all over the Lone Star state before ending up in Wichita Falls .
They joined the Army at the age of 17 to give their lives structure .
`` That worked out for the most part , still had some discipline issues , '' Graham said .
Those issues led to them leaving the Army before their two-year contract ended and lost their veteran 's benefits .
After leaving the armed forces , Graham moved back to Houston to live with their mother .
But in 2008 , Hurricane Ike destroyed their home and they began their battle with sobriety again .
`` I ended up homeless and went to Atlanta , Georgia for a couple of years , '' Graham said .
When they returned to Texas , they finally met their father in Plainview .
Graham moved in with them shortly after . The reunion was not as positive as they had hoped .
`` He got me back into drinking and smoking weed , '' Graham said . `` When I left there , I have just been putting one foot in front of the other , trying to sober back up . ''
They moved to Wichita Falls to join Faith Mission . They entered the building in what was described by Faith Mission site director Clay Kahler as 'full blown detox . '
`` He showed up here and we immediately transported them to the hospital , '' Kahler said .
Graham was told about MVPN , a group made up of military veterans , who help veterans overcome their issues .
Graham said interacting with other veteran 's who have struggled like they have been really helpful .
They said veterans are the only people who understand what they are dealing with and how to overcome those issues .
`` Most of the time , when you talk to folks and you tell them what goes on in the Army , they do not believe you , '' Graham said .
MVPN helped Graham find a job and Faith Mission allowed Graham to live there until they were able to afford to live on their own .
With the support of the two organizations , Graham is almost one-year sober , has a full-time job and their own apartment .
`` I am as proud of Thomas as they were my own kid , '' Kahler said . `` He is my brother in [ Jesus ] Christ and not only that they are my brother in uniform . '' Kahler is also an Army veteran .
MVPN and Wichita Falls Faith Mission are planning to put a 30-foot flag pole to honor homeless military veterans in front of the Faith Mission building .
It will have the Texas and U.S. flag .
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
Angellist : Number of New Crypto Job Listings Doubled in the Last Three Months
Angellist , a popular website that allows startups to raise money from angel investors , has revealed data about new crypto job listings on its platform . The company details the hiring needs of companies in the crypto space and what jobs are in demand .
Also read : Russian Regulators Draft Law to Restrict Crypto Mining , Payments , and Token Sales
Crypto Job Listings Doubled
Angellist revealed its new crypto job listing statistics last week . Citing that even though the price of bitcoin has dropped 60 % since December of last year , the company wrote :
In the last 3 months , the number of new crypto job listings has doubled .
Angellist is a U.S. website created in 2010 for startups , angel investors , and job-seekers looking to work at startups . In July 2013 , the company partnered with Crunchbase , an online tech company database owned by Techcrunch . Since 2015 , the site has allowed startups to raise money from angel investors .
What 's Behind Crypto Hiring Boom
Angellist explained the driving forces behind the crypto job boom .
Firstly , “ the price run-up of bitcoin and ethereum in 2017 is attracting more people into the space for the first time , and the level of interest from the investor community is also at a record high. ” The second factor is the ICO boom .
Successes of startups in raising millions have attracted others to raise money in the same way . “ For example , the team behind Filecoin recently broke the record for the largest ICO in history , raising $ 257M to build a decentralized file storage system , ” Angellist elaborated , noting :
The large sums of money going into the cryptocurrency space , from ICOs , to VC financings , and the price appreciation of bitcoin and ethereum , has led to a hiring boom at cryptocurrency startups .
The company emphasized , “ as cryptocurrency companies are growing , raising larger amounts of money at higher valuations , so are their hiring needs for finding top talent , ” adding that over $ 3 billion was raised using token sales in March alone .
In Demand Jobs
Not only “ experienced engineers who 've worked on cryptocurrency projects are in high demand , but so are talented engineers with an interest in blockchain technologies , ” the company detailed , noting :
There are also open positions needing to be filled in marketing , business development , operations , customer support , and other job functions that do n't require a technical background . Similar to any other high-growth startups , cryptocurrency companies need to hire at job functions across the entire organization , and fast .
What do you think of the rapid rise in the number of job listings in the crypto space ? Let us know in the comments section below .
Images courtesy of Shutterstock and Angellist .
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings ? Check our tools section .
The post Angellist : Number of New Crypto Job Listings Doubled in the Last Three Months appeared first on Bitcoin News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A girl swimming at a popular resort town in South Carolina was injured in what was an apparent shark attack on Monday .
Cristy Torres , who was at Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , on Monday celebrating their husband 's birthday , filmed video of the girl being treated for a bite wound on their leg . The video , shared on Torres ' Facebook page had been viewed over 1.6 million times early Wednesday .
Myrtle Beach Fire Rescue was n't able to confirm whether it was a shark attack , but said the girl was transported to the hospital for a `` marine-life incident '' at around 2:55 p.m. on Monday .
`` All of a sudden we see a family screaming for help , '' Torres told ABC News in an interview Tuesday . `` Nobody was doing anything so we all looked around and then they all started running back to shore . `` That 's when I heard , 'Someone 's been bitten by a shark , someone 's been bitten by a shark . ' I told my husband that someone was bitten by a shark . I saw the family , they started screaming , 'Shark , shark . ' ''
Torres said they ran over to where the girl had come out of the ocean with their family , which is when they began filming . The girl was immediately attended to by lifeguards and had the wound wrapped .
`` I glanced [ in the water ] real fast , I saw a tip of a fin , '' Torres said . `` I could n't tell if it was big or small . ''
Cristy Torres
Myrtle Beach is a popular tourist destination , but not unfamiliar with shark sightings . A blacktip reef shark was filmed swimming on June 5 in the same location where the girl was apparently bitten on Monday . The video was shared with Durham , North Carolina , ABC affiliate WTVD by Nicki Welch-Hudson .
`` I 'm hoping that tourists seeing the video will respect our oceans a little more , '' Welch-Hudson said . `` I heard lots of people on the beach attempting to say the shark was n't dangerous , one man even said they would jump in and 'punch the shark , ' that angered me of course . ''
The water was cleared by lifeguards during that incident .
Blacktip sharks , bull sharks and tiger sharks are all common to the South Carolina coast , according to the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources , and can all pose a threat to humans in coastal areas .
ABC News ' Rachel Katz contributed to this report .
Yellowstone is one of the most remarkable places on the planet .
It 's home to North America 's most famous wildlife and every year these animals must survive The Thaw – one of the harshest seasonal changes on Earth .
Temperatures swing from minus 40 Celsius in the winter to approaching 40 plus in the summer months . To understand how the animals cope and to witness the effects of our changing climate , presenters Kate Humble and Patrick Aryee are joined by a team of scientists and wildlife cameramen . They capture the wildlife dramas as they unfold and analyse the impact on individual animal families of wolves , grizzly bears , beavers and the great grey owls .
In the first episode Aryee follows the grizzly bears , who are taking a risk with the weather by leaving their winter dens early , while Humble gets to grips with the science behind this remarkable season and discovers how Yellowstone 's unique geology is posing problems for some grazers ' teeth .
Yellowstone : The Wildest Winter , BBC2 , Tuesday , January 3 , 9pm
Cumberland ( 15-31-1 , 2-22 Mid-South ) was to head to Martin Methodist in Pulaski for a doubleheader beginning at 3 p.m. and will take on host Freed-Hardeman for a two-game series Tuesday .
Big innings for the Bears ( 21-16 , 12-12 Mid-South ) and errors on CU led them to victory , scoring three runs in the first inning and five in the second for an 8-0 advantage . Cumberland scored one run in the bottom of the second inning with a solo homer from Kassydi Montgomery . SSU plated one more in the top of the third , with an RBI double by Kayla Koch to pull ahead , 9-1 .
The fourth inning was scoreless for both teams , but in the bottom of the fifth a single to second base by Hernandez drove in Taylor Woodring to keep the Phoenix in the game , 9-2 . The Bears again did not score in the sixth but the Phoenix responded with two runs in the bottom of the inning . A two-run single for Shelbi Prichard cut the Phoenix deficit to 9-4 .
The Bears ' Koch singled in the sixth and scored in Victoria Bevington and with bases loaded back to back walks scored two more runs for Shawnee . One final walk scored in Rawlins for the 13-4 advantage .
Cumberland drove in two runs on four hits in the bottom of the seventh , with a two-run double by Shae Dunn to pull the Phoenix within seven , 13-6 before Shawnee State closed out the game .
Tessa Tomaselli , Dunn and Graham each collected two hits in the opener and Woodring went 1-for-3 and added one run . Kaitlin Kralj ( 5-12 ) took the loss , allowing eight hits , eight runs , five earned and one walk in one plus innings of work . Kinsey Wilder pitched their longest appearance all year , allowing nine hits , five runs and one walk in five innings of work .
Allie Tomlinson tossed one inning in relief allowing no runs and no hits , and Sara Jordan finished off the game with no runs and no hits as well . Cumberland stranded eight base runners in the opener and collected 15 hits .
Saunders went 4-for-5 at the plate and collected four runs while Kayla Koch recorded four hits , one run and three RBIs for the Bears . Brooke Blevins ( 11-9 ) pitched a complete game allowing six runs on 15 hits and striking out eight batters .
Shawnee completed a comeback in the second game as Cumberland took an early lead , plating two runs in the first for a 2-1 advantage . Tomaselli 's RBI single drove in Hernandez and Miles followed with a single to left field to plate Dunn .
The Phoenix scored four runs in the second inning with a two-run single by Graham . Torregano reached on a fielding error and Graham scored on the play as an RBI single by Dunn brought home Torregano for the 6-1 advantage .
The Bears scored six runs in the third inning to pull ahead by one 7-6 . Cumberland tied the game at seven in the sixth but Shawnee State scored one run in the seventh and held off CU to complete the four-game series sweep .
Graham recorded three hits , one run and two RBIs in the game and Dunn added two hits one run and two RBIs . Alexa Snyder ( 5-8 ) took the loss for the squad , allowing seven runs , four earned , and seven hits in three innings of work . Nicole Pratt allowed one run , unearned , and three hits in four innings of relief .
Koch had another impressive game going 2-for-4 and adding one run and three RBIs for the Bears and Bevington recorded two hits , one run and one RBI . Mackenzie Whittaker ( 10-6 ) tossed all seven innings , allowing seven runs , just two earned and eight hits .
Saunders singled to the pitcher to start the opening inning and Katlyn Gleich reached on a fielding error for runners at first and second . Brown then reached on an error to load the bases for the Bears and a single to left field by Koch drove in the first run . Duncan 's sac fly to left field scored home Gleich and Katie Wolsefer reached on a fielder 's choice but one more run would score on the play .
A five-run second inning secured the lead for Shawnee State as Saunders singled to start the lineup off again . A bunt single by Gleich advanced Saunders to scoring position and an RBI single by Brown scored in Saunders . Duncan singled to left field plating Gleich and an RBI single by Riley scored in Brown and Duncan scored on a fielding error . Riley came home off a single by Wolsefer to put SSU ahead , 8-0 .
Montgomery hit their sixth homer of the year in the bottom of the second inning to center field to pull the squad with seven , 8-1 . In the third inning the Bears scored a solo run as Saunders started the lineup off again with a single to right field . A one-run double by Koch brought across Saunders on the play putting the Bears ahead 9-1 .
Woodring singled up the middle in the fifth and a two-out RBI single by Hernandez brings home Woodring on the play and cut the deficit to 9-2 . The squad held off the Bears in the top of the sixth and scored two more in the bottom of the inning . Back-to-back singles by Dunn and Wilson placed runners at first and second . Tomaselli singles to load the bases for the Phoenix and a two-run single for Prichard drove in Wilson and pinch runner Abatti .
A four-run seventh inning for SSU gave them a 13-4 advantage as Bevington and Saunders both singled to start the inning off . A sacrifice bunt by Gleich advanced both base runners to scoring position and Brown then walked . With bases loaded Koch singled to center field and Bevington scored on the play . Three walks for the Bears scored their final three runs of the inning .
CU tried to come back in the bottom of the inning with single to center field by Imani Torregano and stole second . Courtney Miles followed with a single to left field and a two-run double by Dunn plated both baserunners for the 13-6 deficit .
SSU plated a solo run in the first inning as Saunders singled to start the game off and stole second , advancing all the way to third on a throwing error . Brown 's RBI single to right center drove in Saunders .
Graham got on base in the bottom of the inning with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Torregano walked and Hernandez reached on a fielder 's choice to load the bases . Back-to-back singles for the Phoenix with two outs drove in their first two runs for the lead , 2-1 .
A single by Kayala Hoppenjans sparked a four-run second inning for the squad and Woodring then reached on an error . Graham 's two-run single scored in both Hoppenjans and Woodring as Dunn singled up the middle to drive home Torregano who reached on an error to pull ahead 6-1 .
SSU made a comeback scoring six runs to take their first lead of the game in the third . Saunders and Gleich both hit a single with one out and Brown 's single plated Saunders . Koch ripped a two-run double to left field and Bevington singled to score in Koch . Wolsefer then reached on an error and both Bevington and Melvins came home on the play for the 7-6 lead .
Cumberland scored one run in the sixth to tie the game at seven , as Torregano reached on a fielding error and a sac bunt advanced them to scoring position . Dunn 's RBI single up the middle tied the game for the squad , helping Torregano come home on the play .
In the top of the seventh Shawnee State 's Gleich reached on an error and Brown drew a walk for runners at first and second . Koch 's single up the middle was all they needed as Gleich came across for the 8-7 victory .
Budget 2017 : Our fears , hopes , by stakeholders
Despite signing the 2017 Appropriation Bill into law six months behind schedule , stakeholders believe the real issue is with the implementation of the Appropriation Law , report SIMEON EBULU , LUCAS AJANAKU , OKWY IROEGBU-CHIKEZIE , EMEKA UGWUANYI COLLINS NWEZE and TOBA AGBOOLA .
NIGERIANS have been expressed their reservations over the the 2017 Appropriation Bill since it was signed into law on Tuesday . They speak of their fears and expectations of the N7.44 trillion Budget of Economic Recovery and Growth .
The Appropriation Bill was on Monday signed into law at the State House in Abuja by Acting President Yemi Osinbajo , about 25 days after it was passed at a joint session of the Senate and House of Representatives by the National Assembly .
Not a few of the stakeholders expressed concern that an Appropriation Law that should have started running since January was being signed almost halfway into the year .
The former Executive Director , Keystone Bank Limited , Richard Obire , said the delay in signing the budget was not good for the economy , pointing out that the Federal Government has barely six months to implement the document .
He , however , said that the delay may not affect the implementation of the recurrent expenditure , considering that the government has been paying salaries to workers . On the other hand , they said the capital expenditure remains the aspect adversely affected by the delay .
They said : “ By delaying the signing of the budget , many projects that would have been initiated and scheduled for completiion within the period may not be completed within the fiscal year ” , adding that the delay will rub off negatively on the budget implementation .
Noting that the N143 billion injected into the budget by the National Assembly is on the expenditure side , Obire said increasing the expenditure vote would trigger an increment on the deficit side of the budget , a development they said , would require more borrowing .
They argued that more cash would be required through borrowing , thus increasing the chances of the government competing with private sector operators in the debt market .
“ That delay was not good at all for the economy . But now that it has been signed , the next approach will be to ensure it is well implemented for its positive impact to bear on the economy to be realised , ” they said .
They said the recurrent expenditure was estimated at N2.99 trillion , capital expenditure ( N2.18 trillion ) and N2.36 trillion was allocated to fiscal deficit .
The highlight of the budget showed that the Ministry of Power , Works & Housing got the highest vote of N586.54 billion . The Transport Ministry got N256.52 billion and Education and Healt ministries were allocated N455.41 billion and N308.46 billion respectively .
A one-time president of the Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria ( CIBN ) , Okechukwu Unegbu , said that signing the budget was not as important as what the budget can do to the economy . “ It is not about signing . The question is : will the budget help the economy ?
Unegbu pitched their tent with the Acting President 's position that the National Assembly lacks the power to raise the budget , but that they can cut it , warning that the executive may not implement the additional projects ‘ imported ' into the budget . He , however , said the budget passage and signing would reduce the level of unemployment in the country , even as they regretted the small allocation to education .
Unegbu said : “ Education should have the lion 's share because of its importance in the socio-economic development of the country . Overall , the budget signing is good news for the economy and a great start . ”
The President , Manufacturers ' Association of Nigeria ( MAN ) , Dr. Frank Udemba Jacobs , commended the N7.44 trillion Budget and expressed the hope that the implementation would commence soon to compensate for the nearly six-month lost .
They criticised the practice of rolling over development plans into another year , saying the practice makes planning difficult . Jacobs regretted that the uncertain nature of the country 's budget process has conditioned many to either plan outside the document , or take the initial figures mentioned during the budget presentation .
“ The first half of the year is gone and the signing now kick-starts financial market 's strategy that is targeted at the country 's fiscal plans . Budget is about time and resources ” , they said .
Responding to a question on whether the sectoral votes as exemplified by about 30 per cent of the budget going for capital expenditure is commendable , the MAN chief lauded the new development , hinging their commendation on the deplorable state of infrastructure , which affects business operations .
According to him , if the implementation is carried out judiciously , there would be a significant improvement on the national basic infrastructure .
The Director-General of the Lagos Chamber of Commerce & Industry , Mr. Muda Yusuf , welcomed the signing of the budget as a step forward .
They told The Nation that it would put an end to the suspense and uncertainty caused by the non-passage and signing of the budget .
According to him , the next level of expectation is its speedy and effective implementation so that the citizens can get the desired value from the budget .
Yusuf canvassed for a review of the entire budgetary process and to set timelines for every stage of the process .
They advised that specific time frame must be set for the presentation of the budget to the National Assembly , for the consideration of the Appropriation Bill by the National Assembly and for the assent by the President .
The LCCI director-general suggested the enforcement of discipline of timing into the budgetary process , stressing that delivering a budget halfway into the financial year does not augur well for the overall economy .
Yusuf said : “ There is also an urgent need to define the limits of authorities of the executive and the legislature on the Appropriation Bill . A judicial pronouncement is imperative to determine the extent to which the National Assembly can make changes to the Appropriation Bill . This issue has become a recurring factor in the delay that have characterised our budgetary process . ”
To labour unions , the delay in the assent to the 2017 Budget notwithstanding , its full implementation would have a positive effect and also take care of moving the economy out of recession .
The Secretary-General of the National Union of Textile , Garment and Tailoring Workers of Nigeria ( NUTGTWN ) , Mr. Issa Aremu , said urged the Ministries , Departments and Agencies ( MDAs ) to hit the ground running .
Aremu said : “ Although the budget is coming very late , it is better for it to be late than never . The various agencies of the government should be allowed to do their job without undue interference or hindrances . The only way the budget can make a meaningful impact is for the government to ensure its full implementation . ”
Applauding the N7.44 trillion Appropriation Acts for focusing on reflating the economy through import substitution and patronage of made-in-Nigeria goods , they called for the immediate constitution of a tripartite committee by the government to agree on a new minimum wage , after which a supplementary budget should be sent to the National Assembly for its implementation .
They said : “ Our union will support President Muhammadu Buhari to realise the vision of import substitution and jobs creation . We demand that the disbursement of this huge fund should revive local industry , reopen closed factories and should not be spent on financing frivolous imports and perpetuate unemployment . ”
President of the United Labour Congress ( ULC ) , Joe Ajearo , insisted that the full implementation of the budget should not be played down , saying that it is the only way Nigerians can feel the impact of the budget .
Reacting , former President , Association of Telecoms Companies of Nigeria ( ARCON ) , Emmanuel Ekuwem , commended the huge capital component of the budget . They advised the Federal Government to ensure its effective implementation .
According to him , investment on infrastructure and construction would accelerate Nigeria 's exit out of recession , create massive job opportunities and ensure a boost in the national gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
Dr. Ekuwem , who is also the chairperson , Teledons Group , an information communication technology ( ICT ) firm , advised the government to lay emphasis on Nigerian content in the implementation of the budget .
They said local content involvement in the budget must be holistic , ranging from the use of local hardware , software and expertise , warning that the failure to do this will lead to capital flight and further worsen the already weakened Naira .
The Chief Executive Officer , Pinet Infomatic , Lanre Ajayi , urged the Federal Government to follow the blueprint of the National Broadband Plan ( NBP ) outline by the previous administration .
According to him , there are milestones set in the yet-to-be met plan , which they noted , has been drawing the entire industry back .
They also urged the government to encourage the growth of the local ICT ecosystem by patronising products and services from the industry .
Ajayi , who is a former president of the Nigeria Internet Group ( NIG ) , said the Federal Government , as the biggest spender in the economy , should , as a deliberate policy , patronise indigenous and Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEMs ) to boost job creation and the economic growth .
Detecon International Client Partner Olusola Teniola urged the government to put control and monitoring procedures in place to ensure implementation of projects .
Detecon International is a subsidiary of Deutsch Telecom Group of Germany .
Teniola said : “ If projects are successfully executed and delivered , the social dividend to the communities that need it most will be felt . Financial Year 2017 has only six months more to go and therefore expedient disbursement of funds by government is paramount at this critical time – these funds will fuel economic activity through government spending . ”
An analyst and lecturer at the Pan Atlantic University , Lagos , Dr. Austin Nweze , described signing the budget into law halfway into the year as a challenge on its own unless the government hits the ground running with the implementation .
They noted that the delay has caused grave setback to economic activities . Companies and industrial concerns have been waiting for the budget for a long time . ”
He , however , expressed doubt over the immediate implementation , as according to him , it would take at least one month to implement the budget .
Nweze also disagreed with Prof Osinbajo 's position that the budget would take the country out of recession . They identified faulty fiscal and monetary policies as hinderances . Nweze noted that if the economic fundamentals are wrong , it would be difficult to get the economy on the right track .
Their words : “ Signing the budget in the sixth month of the year is already a setback . Although , they ( government ) may extend the execution to May of 2018 . Even if they extend the execution of the budget to May next year , it might be difficult to achieve its anticipated objectives .
“ It 's also important to know that it would take at least one month before the execution of the budget . Remember that what the government has been spending illegally before the signing of the budget must be factored into the budget .
“ Also do they have the money to execute it ? Sourcing for the funds to execute the budget is a challenge . Although they can borrow from institutions such as the World Bank to fund the budget , to make the budget have positive impact on the economy , the government needs to start implementation immediately , deploy money into the system and ensure that at least 85 per cent of the capital appropriation is achieved and on the appropriate projects in addition to the recurrent appropriation .
“ Also the political rhetoric that having signed the budget into law will get the country out of recession is untrue . That the budget is tied to Economic Growth and Recovery Plan ( EGRP ) is only an aspiration . The nation needs more than two budgets to get out of recession in addition to putting place proper fiscal regime and monetary policies . We need to have good policies in place before we begin to make meaningful and sustainable impact on the economy .
“ Nigeria needs to have single exchange rate as against the current multiple exchange rates . Interest rate has to be brought down to boost economy . The government has to encourage domestic production , encourage growth of science and technology and focus less on oil and gas .
“ Currently , inflation is 17.4 per cent , monetary policy rate ( MPR ) is 14 per cent and interest rate is 25 per cent or above . The Federal Government through the Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) is only practicing inflation targeting , which is not good enough for our economy .
“ Inflation targeting is the reason interest rate is high . The monopoly and undue control of the foreign exchange market by the government and dependence on importation does n't encourage growth of the economy .
“ Power accounts for 65-80 per cent of cost of production underscoring the critical position of power in economic growth . All efforts to make the power sector work seem fruitless because the fundamentals are not right . The government has to focus on making the power sector work by getting the policies and actions right .
“ The government should not focus on short-term plans as currently seen because it is not helping the economy . Local production has to be highly encouraged to enable the merger of inflation and local production at a point . This will mark the foundation of a stable economy .
“ Currently , the fundamentals are not right . The future is science and technology and these should be highly encouraged to diversify the country from dependence on oil and gas to other sectors . ”
The post Budget 2017 : Our fears , hopes , by stakeholders appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Stocks ended modestly higher Monday , nudging the Standard & Poor 's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average to record highs .
Technology stocks accounted for most of the gains . Health care stocks also rose , making up for losses in banks and industrial companies . Traders also had their eye on bitcoin futures on their first day of trading .
On Monday :
The S & P 500 index rose 8.49 points , or 0.3 percent , to 2,659.99 , a record .
The Dow gained 56.87 points , or 0.2 percent , to 24,386.03 , a record .
The Nasdaq composite added 35 points , or 0.5 percent , to 6,875.08 .
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 1.88 points , or 0.1 percent , to 1,519.84 .
For the year :
The S & P 500 is up 421.16 points , or 18.8 percent .
The Dow is up 4,623.43 points , or 23.4 percent .
The Nasdaq is up 1,491.96 points , or 27.7 percent .
The Russell 2000 is up 162.71 points , or 12 percent .
Eighteen-time grand slam champion Martina Navratilova has criticized the BBC for paying John McEnroe at least 10 times more than them during its coverage of the Wimbledon championship .
During an interview for a TV program investigating gender pay discrepancy within the United Kingdom , Navratilova revealed that they were “ shocked ” and “ not happy ” to learn that McEnroe was being paid between $ 210,000 and $ 280,000 while they earned just $ 21,000 .
Matthew Stockman/Getty Images , FILE
The BBC said in a statement that the relative pay packets reflected completely different roles , adding that McEnroe and Navratilova are “ simply not comparable , ” and that “ gender is n't a factor ” in their pay .
The BBC added that “ along with Sue Barker , ” McEnroe is “ the face of our Wimbledon coverage ” and said their contract is far more all-encompassing than that of Navratilova , who is an occasional contributor “ contracted to carry out a fixed volume of work and paid per appearance . ”
In contrast , McEnroe is expected to be on call for the duration of the tournament , was on air every day and was a commentator on live matches “ 12 of the 13 days , ” in addition to having a whole host of TV , radio and press duties , the BBC said . Navratilova commentated on three live matches over the tournament , as well as “ four highlights appearances , one short video and two other short studio appearances . ”
Kevin Lamarque/Reuters , FILE
When questioned in the interview over the BBC 's likely response that McEnroe did more work than her , Navratilova replied “ 10 times as much ? I do n't think so . ”
But the BBC statement said McEnroe has contractual obligations that extend beyond their time on screen , including the stipulation that they not work with any other U.K. broadcaster without the express permission of the BBC .
Sue Barker , whom the BBC named as the “ face of Wimbledon ” alongside McEnroe , earns between $ 420,000 and $ 490,000 . However , they work throughout the year on various TV productions , whereas McEnroe is only contracted during the Wimbledon fortnight , the BBC said .
The BBC has been mired in controversy over its pay discrepancies ever since it published the earnings figures of its top-earning ( over $ 210,000 ) on air stars .
Only a third were women , and the top seven were all male .
Page 2 – News Debris For The Week of March 12th
Apple 's Sound Strategy
• Neil Cybart , as usual , has presented us with a thoughtful analysis of Apple 's thinking . In : “ Apple 's Strategy for Controlling Sound , ” author Cybart lays out the history of how Apple has delivered music and why certain decisions were made .
AirPods mark the latest step in Apple 's sound on the go strategy . The device is born out of the belief that there is n't a place for wires in a wearables world . AirPods were initially criticized for their unusual looks , but those concerns have quickly disappeared . Whereas wireless AirPods may have looked odd to some , having wires hanging out of people 's ears will eventually look out of place .
The author continues to expand on their reasoning to the HomePod .
In addition , the value found with an Echo or Google Home is n't derived from sound quality but rather from the intelligence of the digital voice assistant that lives in the cloud . This has led the tech community to think Apple misfired by positioning HomePod as a high-quality music speaker .
This logic is at the very core of the HomePod design . The thinking is that Apple is all about delivering a better music listening experience in the home , and that 's a project worth pursuing for the long run . Smart Speakers , like Echo , are n't designed to deliver a great music experience , and Apple seems to be betting that the wearable AI technology will sort itself out , perhaps even morph dramatically , but great music in the home endures .
As always , author Cybart develops a compelling analysis of Apple 's long range thinking .
More Debris
• The organizations that are lining up against FCC 's reversal of net neutrality is impressive . Those who have file lawsuits include Public Knowledge , attorneys general from 21 states , Mozilla , the California Public Utilities Commission and more . Now , a consolidation of the cases has been ordered and the venue will be the Ninth Circuit court in San Francisco . You can read much more here : “ FCC must defend net neutrality repeal in court against dozens of litigants . ”
• Are you still using a 4-digit passcode on your iPhone ? Grayshift has built a box that 'll crack your iPhone 's password in about two hours . It 'll take three days for 6-digits . Jonny Evans at Apple Must report : “ GrayKey iPhone ‘ hack-in-a-box ' proves you need complex passcodes. ” Personally , I think it 's time to go to 8 character passcodes on our iPhones .
• Regular readers here know that I have been writing a lot about 4K/UHD TV , Apple TV 4K and one of its related technologies , High Dynamic Range ( HDR ) . In turn , I want to point you to additional reading by Josh Centers , who has written a Take Control Book on Apple TV . They dug into the industry 's ( and Apple 's ) difficulties with a consistent , coherent delivery of HDR across all our platforms . This is must read before you buy an Apple TV 4K : “ The Apple TV 4K 's HDR Nightmare . ”
• This next link is neither cause for alarm nor overconfidence . It 's simply a very interesting and informative piece about how very experienced experts can hack our systems , despite constant updates from Apple and others . “ Safari Exploited Again on Day Two of Pwn2Own. ” Here 's the real takeaway :
Hardware and software vendors benefit from the competition by gaining information about vulnerabilities in their software and hardware , and gain the chance to patch this holes before they are widely exploited .
• Finally , it seems that every smartphone maker would have you believe that its camera system is superior to all others . So it 's nice to find one of those showdown tests that does actual image comparions and analysis . Here 's a good one , so you can judge for yourself . “ Camera Comparison : iPhone X vs Galaxy S9 vs Pixel 2. ” The final winner may surprise you .
Particle Debris is a generally a mix of John Martellaro 's observations and opinions about a standout event or article of the week ( preamble on page one ) followed on page two by a discussion of articles that did n't make the TMO headlines , the technical news debris . The column is published most every Friday except for holiday weeks .
Health Department Urges Residents to Get their Annual Flu Shot
The Chattanooga-Hamilton County Health Department will offer flu shots at all their locations beginning October 9 , 2017 . Anyone 6 months or older is encouraged to get the vaccine . Medicare , TennCare , and select other insurance providers can be billed and some people may be eligible for vaccine free or at a reduced cost . For those who want to pay out-of-pocket for a standard flu vaccination , the cost is $ 35 .
“ Getting a flu shot is the most effective way to prevent catching the flu , ” says Connie Buecker , RN , Communicable Disease Clinics Program Manager at the Health Department , “ It 's also the best way to protect those around you who can not get the vaccine , such as babies under 6 months old and others who can not get a flu shot for a variety of reasons . ”
The influenza virus is easily spread from person to person . Sneezing , coughing , and talking produce infectious droplets that eventually contact the mouth , nose , and mucous membranes of another person . In this way , the virus moves rapidly through the population . When the virus reaches someone who is vaccinated , not only are they less likely to get the flu , but they are less likely to transmit the virus to others . The more people who are vaccinated , the more difficult it is for the virus to spread .
Young children , adults aged 65 years or older , pregnant women , and people with certain chronic medical conditions are at risk for more serious complications from the flu , requiring hospitalization or even resulting in death . In 2015 , Hamilton County recorded 4 influenza deaths .
Other important flu preventive measures include :
• Wash hands often with soap and warm water .
• Avoid people who are sick .
• If you become sick , seek medical care , and take anti-virals if prescribed by your health care provider .
• Cover your cough or sneeze , and if you do so with a tissue , throw it away , do not carry it around .
• Keep your immune system healthy by quitting tobacco , eating healthy , and being active .
Flu symptoms include fever , cough , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , muscle or body aches , headaches , fatigue , and sometimes vomiting and diarrhea . These usually last from a few days to less than two weeks . It is possible to infect others even when you do not show any symptoms .
Each year , the CDC estimates that nearly 111 million work days are lost due to the flu , resulting in approximately $ 7 billion per year in sick days and lost productivity .
Flu vaccine will be available at all Health Department locations :
• 3rd Street Main Campus ; Adults - call for appointment 209-8340 ; Children - walk-in ; call 209-8050 for more information
• Ooltewah Health Center - walk-in ; call 238-4269 for more information
• Sequoyah Health Center - walk-in ; call 842-3031 for more information
• Birchwood Health Center – walk-in or appointment ; call 961-0446 to make appointment or for more information .
For more information : http : //health.hamiltontn.org/AllServices/CommunicableDiseases/Influenza.aspx
Announced Today : The @ internetarchive is now emulating handheld toys and games , building on the work of the @ mamedev_org team . These are not `` remakes '' but emulations of the original circuits . Announcement is here : https : //t.co/yuKihutxVs spread the word widely . pic.twitter.com/fCjzNCMFBR — Jason Scott ( @ textfiles ) March 18 , 2018
Archivist Jason Scott explains the painstaking process of emulating these little plastic chunks of joy , explaining the technology behind making sure the various VFD , LCD and LED games are thoroughly scanned and emulated at a high level of verisimilitude .
Scott explains that while most circuit boards containing these games can be read from non-destructively , it can sometimes be necessary ( as with LCD game machines ) to rip the entire thing apart to get all the information off of it . `` To get the information off an LCD game , it has to be pulled apart and all its components scanned , vectorized , and traced to then make them into a software version of themselves , '' writes Scott . `` Among the information grabbed is the LCD display itself , which has a pre-formed set of images that do not overlap and represent every possible permutation of any visual data in the game . ''
Lest anyone wonder about their own favorite titles from the bygone era of LCD handheld gaming , Scott tweeted that more are on the way , as soon as they make sure there are n't any major bugs for individual games .
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time .
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat : a 106-year-old cake , found in one of Antarctica 's first buildings .
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott . According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust , `` it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with them at that time . ''
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin , which is showing signs of deterioration . However , the cake itself is `` well-preserved , '' the conservators say .
`` There was a very , very slight rancid butter smell to it , but other than that , the cake looked and smelled edible ! '' the Trust 's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement . `` There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation . ''
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare .
According to the Trust , the first buildings on the continent `` were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink 's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott 's party in 1911 . '' Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert .
They add that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake : `` It 's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions , and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice . ''
The cake 's sheer density probably helps . As NPR 's Maria Godoy has reported , people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you 're involved in manhauling , which is `` pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies . ''
Maria writes that there 's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years : `` When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements , bring plenty of snacks . ''
This is something Scott 's team knew — in fact , Maria says that `` his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb , high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes . ''
But tragically , explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry . Scott themselves starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole .
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there , because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area . That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves .
It described the Reina nightclub , where many foreigners as well as Turks were killed , as a gathering point for Christians celebrating their `` apostate holiday '' . The attack , it said , was revenge for Turkish military involvement in Syria .
`` The apostate Turkish government should know that the blood of Muslims shed with airplanes and artillery fire will , with God 's permission , ignite a fire in their own land , '' the Islamic State declaration said .
There was no immediate comment from Turkish officials .
The jihadist group has been blamed for at least half a dozen attacks on civilian targets in Turkey over the past 18 months ; but , other than assassinations , this is the first time it has directly claimed any of them . It made the statement on one of its Telegram channels , a method used after attacks elsewhere .
NATO member Turkey is part of the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State and launched an incursion into neighboring Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders , sending in tanks and special forces backed by fighter jets .
Nationals of Saudi Arabia , Lebanon , Morocco , Libya , Israel , India , Canada , a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed at the nightclub on the shores of the Bosphorus waterway . Twenty-five of the dead were foreigners , according to the state-run Anadolu news agency .
All of those killed died from gunshot wounds , some of them shot at a very close distance or even point-blank range , according to a forensics report quoted by Milliyet newspaper .
Police distributed a hazy black-and-white photo of the alleged gunman taken from security footage . State broadcaster TRT Haber said eight people had been detained in Istanbul .
The authorities believe the attacker may be from a Central Asian nation and suspect they had links to Islamic State , the Hurriyet newspaper said . It said they may be from the same cell responsible for a gun-and-bomb attack on Istanbul 's main airport in June , in which 45 people were killed and hundreds wounded .
The attack at Reina , popular with Turkish celebrities and wealthy visitors , shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings , some blamed on Islamic State , others claimed by Kurdish militants .
Around 600 people were thought to be inside when the gunman shot dead a police officer and civilian at the door , forcing their way in then opening fire with an automatic assault rifle . Witnesses said they shouted `` Allahu Akbar '' ( God is Greatest ) .
Some at the exclusive club jumped into the Bosphorus after the attacker opened fire at random just over an hour into the new year . Witnesses described how they shot the wounded as they lay on the ground .
Kalashnikov in suitcast
The attacker was believed to have taken a taxi from the southern Zeytinburnu district of Istanbul and , because of the busy traffic , got out and walked the last four minutes to the entrance of the nightclub , newspaper Haberturk said .
They pulled their Kalashnikov rifle from a suitcase at the side of the road , opened fire on those at the door , then threw two hand grenades after entering , Haberturk said , without citing its sources . It said six empty magazines were found at the scene and that they were estimated to have fired at least 180 bullets .
Security services had been on alert across Europe for new year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people . Only days ago , an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by `` lone wolves '' on `` celebrations , gatherings and clubs '' .
In a statement hours after the shooting , President Tayyip Erdoğan said such attacks aimed to create chaos and destabilize the country .
Four months into its operation in Syria , the Turkish army and the rebels it backs are besieging the Islamic State-held town of al-Bab . Erdoğan has said they want them to continue to Raqqa , the jihadists ' Syrian stronghold .
Turkey has also been cracking down on Islamic State networks at home . In counter-terrorism operations between Dec 26-Jan 2 , Turkish police detained 147 people over links to the group and formally arrested 25 of them , the interior ministry said .
The New Year 's Day attack came five months after a failed military coup , in which more than 240 people were killed , many of them in Istanbul , as rogue soldiers commandeered tanks and fighter jets in a bid to seize power .
More than 100,000 people , including soldiers and police officers , have been sacked or suspended in a subsequent crackdown ordered by Erdoğan , raising concern both about civic rights and the effectiveness of Turkey 's security apparatus .
# BBNaija : Princess releases new seductive photos , looks HOT !
Ex-BBNaija 2018 housemate , Princess has released sultry photos of themselves in a seductive outfit .
In the photos , they have their body spiced up with different paint colours .
The pictures have garnered attention from their fans with flirty comments .
The idea behind these pictures which have kept them in the news remain unknown .
“ Opinions are like colours some are warm , others are cool.but a fine blend of them only makes you more beautiful . Stay true to thyself . PRINCESS THE PRIMA-DONNA ” they captioned the photos .
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post # BBNaija : Princess releases new seductive photos , looks HOT ! appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
The Latest on Cambridge Analytica 's use of Facebook data ( all times local ) :
1:15 p.m .
Experts are saying that Cambridge Analytica , the political firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining data from Facebook , is n't alone in its data-mining capability .
Robert Ricci , a marketing director at Blue Fountain Media , says what makes this case more insidious is its connection with possible elections meddling , something Facebook has been under scrutiny for .
Ricci says marketers are already using similar profiling techniques to sell products and services . What 's different here is the use of data to try to influence who you are voting for — or whether you are voting at all .
Cambridge Analytica , whose clients have included Donald Trump 's presidential campaign , reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories .
———
1 p.m .
The head of the European Union 's parliament says the bloc will investigate Facebook over the use of its data by a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm .
Cambridge Analytica , whose clients have included Donald Trump 's presidential campaign , reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories .
Antonio Tajani tweeted on Monday : `` Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens ' privacy rights . The European Parliament will investigate fully , calling digital platforms to account . '' Tajani , who is president of the EU parliament , has n't provided details .
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee about this case .
———
12:35 p.m .
Facebook is having its worst trading day since 2012 as details emerge about how a data mining company working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and kept data on tens of millions of users during the 2016 election .
A former employee of Cambridge Analytica said Monday on NBC 's `` Today '' that the group identified voters who might be swayed and `` injected content '' that may or may not be true . Late Friday , Facebook said it would ban Cambridge Analytica , saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test . Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago , but has n't disclosed it until now .
Facebook shares sank $ 13.43 in midday trading , putting the stock on pace for its biggest one-day fall since August 2012 and dragging down the rest of the technology sector , with fears rising of increased government regulation .
Alphabet , Google 's parent company , lost almost 3 percent and Microsoft fell almost 2 percent .
———————
11:30 a.m .
A former employee of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm says it used algorithms that `` took fake news to the next level '' using data inappropriately obtained from Facebook .
Chris Wylie says the firm , Cambridge Analytica , secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions .
They say the firm used `` informational dominance '' to capture every channel of information around a person to surround them with curated information , changing their perception of what 's actually happening .
In an interview Monday on NBC 's `` Today , '' Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to `` explore mental vulnerabilities of people .
While Wylie said they do n't know to what extent Trump 's campaign used the techniques , they said Trump 's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015 , before Trump even announced their run for office .
The NRA has been particularly quiet in the days following the deadly Las Vegas shooting that left 58 people dead and hundreds injured .
Its Twitter account has n't posted anything since Sept. 29 and the organization has refrained from any public comment . Until now .
SEE ALSO : Jimmy Kimmel tears up talking about their hometown Las Vegas
In a brief statement issued Thursday , the powerful and vehemently anti-gun control organization surprised many by insisting that `` bump stocks , '' the devices used to convert semi-automatic weapons to act like even deadlier and illegal automatic ones , should be subject to more regulation .
Silence after a mass shooting is typical for the NRA . Supporting a gun control measure is definitely out of the ordinary — even it is a play to look less like an evil villain as families and friends weep for the fallen . And then just continue to be an evil villain after offering a tiny olive branch that gun control activists say does n't do enough .
`` The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations , '' said NRA executive vice president and CEO Wayne La Pierre and chief lobbyist Chris Cox in a joint statement . The organization laughably blamed the Obama administration for approving the devices for sale on several occasions . ( Obama did n't do much during their first term as far as gun control goes , and even strengthened gun rights a bit , according to PolitiFact , but they campaigned on re-instituting an expired federal assault weapons ban for their second term . Sadly , the ban never came to be because ... Congress . Obama also directed a number of executive actions in January 2016 lauded by gun control activists , including strengthening background checks . )
Bump stocks improve a gun 's firing range from 45 to 60 rounds per minute to 400 to 800 rounds per minute for the low price of less than $ 200 , the Guardian reports .
The move is striking , particularly as the NRA lobbied against similar gun control legislation after the Newtown shooting . But it should come viewed through a prism of caution .
Top House Republicans had already indicated they were open to a conversation on restricting bump stocks — something reiterated by White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders in Thursday 's press briefing — and Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduced a bill Wednesday again trying to outlaw their sale and possession . Them efforts to pass the bill date back to the days of Sandy Hook . And they could n't get that bill out of the Senate due to the NRA working behind the curtain .
Also , the issue of bump stocks , while important , has been viewed by many as a minor concession that helps avoid a broader discussion .
NRA calling for restrictions on `` bump stocks '' - their compromise to keep public from going after broader gun control . They are a bit worried . — Genie Stowers ( @ gstowers835 ) October 5 , 2017
I 'm really glad GOP and NRA are behind this , but banning `` bump stocks '' has got to be the easiest bargaining chip they could possibly cede . — Travis M ( @ travis_miller1 ) October 5 , 2017
Also , media , please do n't shower the NRA with praise because they support tighter regulations on bump stocks . That wo n't even dent the gun problem this country is facing . — Carlos ( @ caguirre94 ) October 5 , 2017
Today was the day the NRA truly became president — Jesse Singal ( @ jessesingal ) October 5 , 2017
And of course , this is the NRA , and the statement also insisted that gun control laws `` will do nothing to prevent future attacks '' and that proposed legislation allowing Americans to carry their weapons across state lines would `` allow law-abiding Americans to defend themselves and their families from acts of violence . ''
“ Banning guns from law-abiding Americans based on the criminal act of a madman will do nothing to prevent future attacks , ” the organization added .
So yea , it 's a tiny concession to push their bigger talking points . But it still feels like hell is freezing over .
Toymaker Mattel Inc. is warning that its holiday sales are being hurt by the struggles of some of its key brands and by retailers tightening their inventories .
The outlook , made in a regulatory filing Monday , comes two weeks before Christmas and marks the latest in a string of challenges for the nation 's largest toy retailer .
Mattel 's brands include Barbie , Hot Wheels and Fisher-Price . It says it expects its gross sales for the full year to decline in the at least mid-to-high single percentage range compared to last year .
The company based in El Segundo , California , has struggled with children 's increasing penchant toward technology .
The `` Industrial Convergence 5G , AI , Cloud Computing , Data Analytics , IIoT and Robotics 2017 2022 '' report has been added to Research and Markets ' offering .
This research evaluates 5G , AI , Cloud Computing , Data Analytics , IIoT and Robotics technologies and solutions in support various industrial segments . The research also assesses the outlook of various converged technologies and solutions such as the integration of teleoperation , robotics , and cloud systems . The research analyzes the impact of each technology upon industrial automation such as the impact of SaaS , PaaS , and IaaS upon IIoT as well as cloud computing software , platforms , and infrastructure in support of edge computing . The research includes detailed quantitative analysis with forecasts for the 2017 to 2022 period .
The convergence of 5G wireless , artificial intelligence , cloud computing ( including mobile edge computing ) , data analytics , industrial IoT technologies , and advanced robotics is transforming industrial automation and taking manufacturing and other industrial sub-sectors to new heights of productivity and innovation . While different industrial sub-sectors will realize certain unique benefits , industry as a whole will realize substantial improvements including greater efficiency , new and improved products and services , improved visibility and impact upon product life cycles , and greater flexibility such as products as a service .
The use of 5G for Industrial IoT ( IIoT ) networks will be of great importance to certain industry verticals such as agriculture , logistics , and manufacturing . All of these industrial sectors will also require efficient and effective computing systems . There is a substantial opportunity for both a centralized cloud as a service model for software , platforms , and infrastructure as well as edge computing cloud solutions for industry . The combination of robotics , teleoperation , and cloud technologies is poised to transform industrial processes across many industry verticals .
Data Analytics provides the means to process vast amounts of machine-generated and often unstructured data . Accordingly , Big Data technologies and predictive analytics enable stream lining of industrial processes . As IIoT progresses , there will an increasingly large amount of unstructured machine data . The growing amount of machine generated industrial data will drive substantial opportunities for AI support of unstructured data analytics solutions .
Select Research Benefits :
Target Audience :
For more information about this report visit https : //www.researchandmarkets.com/research/drxbvz/industrial
RICHMOND , Va. ( AP ) – Virginia Republican Corey Stewart says they may run for U.S. Senate next year after their surprisingly strong showing in the GOP primary for governor . The former state campaign chairperson for President Donald Trump said Wednesday in an interview with The Associated Press that their near-victory over former Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie showed there 's strong interest in their brand of confrontational politics . Their remarks came as Republicans and Democrats alike are calling for unity and civil discourse , despite their political disagreements , after a gunman opened fire on several Republican members of congress during their baseball practice . Stewart said the harmful rhetoric is coming from Democrats and conservatives need to push back . They said they plan to take a break for a few weeks before deciding on their political future , which could include trying to challenge incumbent Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine in next year 's senate contest . Stewart said they will vote for the Republican ticket in this year 's elections , but wo n't actively support Gillespie unless they become a “ fighter ” for Trump and against illegal immigration and the removal of Confederate statues .
PORTLAND , Maine ( AP ) — Federal fishing regulators are set to vote on a proposal that could protect nearly 90 percent of the coral habitat in a key commercial fishing area off New England .
The New England Fishery Management Council is expected to vote on the proposal on Tuesday . The council approved protections in another key fishing area , the Gulf of Maine , in June .
The same council has held off on voting on protections for an area south of Georges Bank until it could get more information about how the protections would impact commercial fisheries .
The council could send a completed coral protection plan to the U.S. Department of Commerce for implementation if it makes a decision on Tuesday . Environmentalists and fishermen have debated the protections for several years .
Mikel Obi says Super Eagles will be ready for England friendly – Pulse Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BAGUIO CITY—Church leaders led by Bishop Carlito Cenzon of the Baguio vicariate are discouraging Mayor Mauricio Domogan from renewing the permits of electronic bingo outfits in the city .
“ Gambling when available becomes a choice . A choice between being in the gambling dens rather in school , work , home or in fruitful endeavors , ” they said in a letter to Domogan .
“ It is a choice between betting or using money for food and basic necessities . It is a choice between gambling time as against fruitful time spent with family and friends . It is a choice between believing in chance or becoming an honest earner . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The letter was transmitted ahead of President Duterte 's directive to stop all forms of online gaming during their visit to the Clark Freeport on Dec. 22 .
Cenzon and church leaders belonging to the Baguio-Benguet Ecumenical Group have been waging a campaign against gambling in the summer capital .
In 2015 , they demanded an investigation into the operation of an “ e-Bingo Boutique ” which was granted a permit allegedly using a council resolution bearing forged signatures .
The supposedly fake council endorsement was exposed in February 2015 by Vice Mayor Edison Bilog but the city council passed a new resolution in May 2015 endorsing the same operation . The churches asked the Office of the Ombudsman to investigate the council .
During its session on Dec. 12 , the city council discussed the application of an outfit to operate e-Bingo games at the Maharlika Livelihood Center beside the city public market . —VINCENT CABREZA
Privacy is also good , particularly for tasks that require intense concentration , the thinking goes . That does n't mean a return to the glory days of private offices , but it does mean workers have more space and more places to seek solitude than in the neo-Dickensian workbench settings . The new designs often include “ isolation rooms , ” soundproof phone booths , and even lounges where technology is forbidden .
And it 's meant to be tweaked as needs change . “ This continues to be iterated , ” said Frank Cuevas , who is working on a major redesign at IBM — and whose use of the word “ iterated ” hints at the kind of start-up mentality the changes are intended to evoke .
“ It 's not something we 're going stop and say , ‘ This is it , ' ” they said .
The corporations setting the new standard are not young Silicon Valley companies known for free food , slides and foosball tables at work — or for carefree spending , as at Apple , whose new corporate mothership cost a reported $ 5 billion . Nor are the designs one-of-a-kind projects that veer toward eccentricity . Salesforce 's new skyscraper campus in San Francisco , for example , has areas on every floor for meditation , partly inspired by the teachings of Thich Nhat Hanh , a Buddhist monk .
Instead , the companies behind the emerging new norm in workplace design are a lineup of more staid companies across a range of industries , and they may spend heavily but also systematically . They include Microsoft , IBM and General Electric . Certain workspace innovations may surface first at Google or Facebook , but the older stalwarts are combining and refining them for mainstream businesses .
“ These workplace ideas are beginning to be adopted across all industries , ” said Arlyn Vogelmann , a principal at Gensler , an architecture and design firm whose clients include Facebook and G.E .
The new designs are not about looks . They are an attempt to adapt to the spread of internet-era digital technology — and its hurry-up ways — into every industry . Space drives behavior , experts say , and the goal of the new designs is to hasten the pace of sharing ideas , making decisions and creating new products . They are also meant to appeal to millennial recruits , many of whom are more comfortable working in a Starbucks than in a traditional office .
Photo
Photo
The new model eschews the common dogmas of work life : Everybody gets an office , or everyone gets a cubicle , or everybody gets a seat on a workbench . A diversity of spaces , experts say , is more productive , and the new concept is called “ activity-based workplace design , ” tailoring spaces for the kind of work done .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Office geography matters , and it can be a key managerial lever to increase communication and the cross-fertilization of ideas , ” said Christopher Liu , an assistant professor at the Rotman School of Management at the University of Toronto .
One of the most aggressive makeovers is happening at Microsoft , a change forced by business necessity . The company faces a new wave of technology , as the market has shifted to software delivered and constantly updated as a service over the internet cloud , as opposed to being loaded onto individual computers , with the code often stored on compact discs and sold as a product every few years . To compete , Microsoft has had to adopt a faster pace .
“ You have to collaborate more , ” said Michael Ford , Microsoft 's general manager of global real estate . “ We absolutely have to change . ”
For decades , the company , based outside Seattle , housed its software engineers in secluded offices , thinking that the privacy helped employees focus while writing computer code . But in 2010 , Microsoft started testing open designs with a quarter of a floor , and then expanded . Since 2014 , it has opened 10 renovated buildings without offices , including four this year .
Microsoft , Mr. Ford said , has taken a test-and-learn approach . It learned , for example , that its early designs were too open plan , with 16 to 24 engineers in team-based spaces . Engineers found those spaces noisy and distracting , and concentration suffered . Too much openness can cause workers to “ do a turtle , ” researchers say , and retrench and communicate less — colleagues who retreat into their headphones all day , for example
Today , there are more private spaces , and the team areas hold only eight to 12 engineers . “ That 's the sweet spot for Microsoft , ” Mr. Ford said .
The company thinks it is working . Microsoft 's Azure cloud software business has surged in the last few years , as has the company 's stock price . Mr. Ford said about 20 percent of the workplaces have been redone on Microsoft 's campus in Redmond , Wash. , and the surrounding area . Within five years , they said , they expect the renovated share to reach 80 percent .
Offices , they said , will not disappear entirely , but they will be reserved mainly for people who regularly have confidential conversations , like lawyers and top executives .
Green River , Wyoming native Robin M. Toone , 62 , passed on March 16 , 2018 after a long courageous fight with illness ,
Robin is survived by their wife Aldena , parents Patricia and Dorland Toone , brother Barry F. Toone , children Justin and wife Erin Toone , Crystal Toone and companion Leroy Evans , Jeannie Toone , stepdaughters Jennifer Knox and companion Scott Zanetti and Jessica and husband Dusty Hudson and grandchildren Bella Knox-Zanetti , Kenneth Knox-Zanetti and Aurora Hudson .
Robin had a long successful career with Stauffer Chemical and then the Joint Powers Water Board . They recently retired due to their illness .
Robin enjoyed every day of life and every day was good . They were very kind and generous to everyone who entered their life . If it needed doing or fixing they did it or fixed it . They were the go-to guy .
Cremation has taken place and a celebration of life will be held when the sun is shining and it is warmer .
Robin will be sorely missed by their family and friends .
Good ride cowboy – be good .
PHOTOS : Celebrities Troop Out For Ali Baba 's January 1st Concert
Nigerian celebrities trooped out to support ace Nigerian comedian , Ali Baba as they ushered in the new year with their comedy concert . Ali Baba who held the first comedy concert in the year had a massive turnout at the event which held at Eko Hotel in Lagos yesterday . Present at the concerts were Nollywood actors…
The post PHOTOS : Celebrities Troop Out For Ali Baba 's January 1st Concert appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Known Details : •Police were called to an explosion at 7:20 a.m . ET in a below-ground walkway that connects two NYC subway lines at 42nd Street . •Responding units found an injured 27-year-old male , identified them as Akayed Ullah . •Terrorist is of Bangladeshi descent and lives in Brooklyn . •Terrorist was wearing an improvised “ low-tech ” explosive device attached to their body . •Three additional people in the immediate area sustained minor injuries .
•Terrorist Akayed Ullah told police they made the device at their workplace . •Terrorist is a lawful permanent resident from Bangladesh , who arrived in 2011 on an F43 family immigrant visa in 2011 , according to DHS spokesperson Tyler Houlton
“ DHS can confirm that the suspect was admitted to the United States after presenting a passport displaying an F43 family immigrant visa in 2011 . The suspect is a Lawful Permanent Resident from Bangladesh who benefited from extended family chain migration . ”
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders stated President Trump 's plan to end chain migration would have kept the suspect in the New York City attack out of the country .
“ We do know and the Department of Homeland Security has confirmed that the suspect was admitted to the United States after presenting a passport , displaying an F-43 family immigrant visa in 2011 and so we know that the President 's policy calls for end to chain migration , which is what this individual came to the United States through and had their policy been in place , then that attacker would not have been allowed to come into the country. ” ~ Sarah Sanders
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passageway when the bomb suddenly went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke , which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters fleeing in terror .
Law enforcement officials told the Associated Press Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) , but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group . The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to comment publicly about the suspect or incident .
BREAKING VIDEO : MOMENT OF EXPLOSION AT TIMES SQUARE SUBWAY STATION pic.twitter.com/bb6nEPwfqD — Breaking911 ( @ Breaking911 ) December 11 , 2017
Mayor Bill de Blasio called the subway station blast an attempted terrorist attack and said no other explosive devices had been found https : //t.co/UY15reA1pj — The New York Times ( @ nytimes ) December 11 , 2017
Advertisements
Shenzhen International Prize Money – 2017 Purse & Payouts
The Shenzhen International purse is $ 2,800,000 for the 2017 tournament at Shenzhen Genzon Golf Club in Shenzhen , China . The winner of the 2017 Shenzhen International will receive the 1st prize payout of $ 2,474,121 and 2,474,121 Race to Dubai points .
The Shenzhen International prize fund has remained the same as the last year 's tournament where tournament winner Soomin Lee collected the $ 2,474,121 winner 's prize money .
2017 Shenzhen International Prize Money
The Shenzhen International prize money distribution including player payouts for each prize winning leaderboard position will be published when the tournament has been concluded on Sunday 23rd April . The provisional Shenzhen International money list for the 1st 20 leaderboard positions are :
The post Shenzhen International Prize Money – 2017 Purse & Payouts appeared first on Golf and Course .
This post was syndicated from News – Golf and Course . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
2Baba reveals dropping new song soon ( See detail )
Nigerian legendary singer , Tuface Idibia , popularly know as 2Baba is set to release a new song on the 20th of June which also happens to be World Refugee day . According to 2baba , this song is meant to support camps of the internally displaced people ( IDP ) who need every help in the world as it is . …
The post 2Baba reveals dropping new song soon ( See detail ) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BB Naija 's Miyonse set to start a cooking show
Nigerian Entertainment Today
They also revealed why compared to their other housemates , they have mostly stayed out of the public eye . Miyonse . Big Brother Naija 2017 housemate , Miyonse , says there are plans for them to launch their new television show with focus on cooking and …
Ex-BBNaija housemate , Miyonse , launches own cooking show Information Nigeria
all 3 news articles »
05:01 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19 , 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19 , 5777 , 15/02/17 Austrian chancellor praises resistance to Nazism Read more
Austria 's chancellor praises workers of their country 's railway company for their resistance to Nazism during the Holocaust . ► ◄ Last Briefs
“ I do n't think that White House has a chance of functioning properly as long as there 's a resident lunatic fringe , ” said Mark Salter , a longtime adviser to Senator John McCain . At best , they said , Mr. Bannon seems willing to “ tolerate something that 's intolerable ” in Mr. Trump 's base .
Mr. Bannon also has admirers , including Representative Mark Meadows , the North Carolina Republican and the chairperson of the House Freedom Caucus , who said that without Mr. Bannon , “ there is a concern among conservatives that Washington , D.C. , will influence the president in way that moves them away from those voters that put them in the White House . ”
And Representative Steve King , Republican of Iowa and an immigration hard-liner , said that shoving out Mr. Bannon would leave conservatives “ crushed . ”
Mr. Bannon , who adamantly rejects claims that they are a racist or a sympathizer of white supremacists , is in trouble with John F. Kelly , a retired Marine general and the new White House chief of staff . Mr. Kelly has told Mr. Trump 's top staff that they will not tolerate Mr. Bannon 's shadowland machinations , according to a dozen current and former Trump aides and associates with knowledge of the situation .
Mr. Bannon 's alleged crimes : Leaking nasty stories about General McMaster and other colleagues they deem insufficiently populist , feuding bitterly with Mr. Trump 's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , and creating their own cadre within the West Wing that operates outside the chain of command .
One of their main sins in the eyes of the president is appearing to revel in the perception that they are the mastermind behind the rise of a pliable Mr. Trump . The president was deeply annoyed at a Time magazine cover article that described Mr. Bannon as the real power and brains behind the Trump throne . Mr. Trump was equally put off by a recent book , “ Devil 's Bargain , ” by the Bloomberg Businessweek writer Joshua Green , which lavished credit for Mr. Trump 's election on Mr. Bannon .
Others say Mr. Bannon 's continued presence in the White House is not serving the president 's interests .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ He 's got to move more into the mainstream , he 's got to be more into where the moderates are and the independents are , ” said Mr. Scaramucci , referring to the president , in an interview on Sunday on ABC 's “ This Week . '' “ And so if they do that , he 'll have a very successful legislative agenda that he 'll be able to execute . And if they do n't do that , you 're going to see inertia and you 're going to see this resistance from more of the establishment senators that they need to curry favor with. ” Mr. Scaramucci is on friendly terms with Mr. Kushner .
Others say the problem is not Mr. Bannon 's closeness to the far right , it is that they have not done enough for them .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day , delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ I do think he 's in trouble , but it 's trouble of their own making , ” said Roger J . Stone Jr. , Mr. Trump 's sometime adviser , who has publicly criticized Mr. Bannon as ineffective . “ I do n't know why conservatives would be upset about them being fired . They have not delivered for them . ”
Top administration officials like to joke that working for Mr. Trump is like toiling in the court of Henry VIII . Mick Mulvaney , the president 's budget director , recently handed out copies of the play “ A Man for all Seasons , ” about the last years of Sir Thomas More , Henry 's chancellor , who was executed for failing to endorse Henry 's split with Rome . Mr. Bannon read it , according to a person familiar with the situation , and was amused when an associate compared them to More .
From the start , Mr. Bannon , 63 , has told people in their orbit that they never expected to last in their current position longer than eight months to a year , and hoped to ram through as much of their agenda as they could while they stood in the president 's favor . More recently they have told friends that they are working in the White House one day at a time , and constantly asks themselves whether they could better pursue their to-do list — including cracking down on legal and illegal immigration — on the outside .
But the choice might not be his . At a recent dinner at the White House with Mr. Kushner and Mr. Kelly , before Mr. Trump decamped for a working vacation at their private golf club in Bedminster , N.J. , the president listened while one of the guests , Mr. Murdoch , a founder of Fox News , said Mr. Bannon had to go .
Mr. Trump offered little pushback , according to a person familiar with the conversation , and vented their frustrations about Mr. Bannon . Mr. Murdoch is close to Mr. Kushner , who has been in open warfare with Mr. Bannon since the spring .
But Mr. Trump has expressed similar sentiments in the past , then backed off . Just a week earlier , as Mr. Trump ruminated on whether to dismiss their chief of staff at the time , Reince Priebus , they were pushed by Mr. Kushner and others to dismiss Mr. Bannon as well . Mr. Trump signaled to allies that they were pretty much there .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Someone — people close to the situation are still unsure whether it was initiated by Mr. Bannon or their cadre of administration allies — mustered a counteroffensive . Mr. Meadows reached out to the president and told them that they would lose their base without Mr. Bannon .
Mr. Bannon 's ability to hang on as Mr. Trump 's in-house populist is in part because of their connections to a handful of ultrarich political patrons , including Sheldon G. Adelson , the pro-Israel , Las Vegas-based casino magnate .
They are especially close to the reclusive conservative billionaire Robert Mercer and their daughter , Rebekah , who is a frequent sounding board for Mr. Bannon . In April , Mr. Mercer received assurances from Mr. Trump that they were not about to fire Mr. Bannon over their war with Mr. Kushner and moderates like Gary D. Cohn , the chairperson of the National Economic Council and a top Trump adviser .
But Mr. Trump still publicly flayed Mr. Bannon , insulting them as a guy “ who works for me. ” It was a far cry from the lofty status Mr. Bannon enjoyed when they joined Mr. Trump 's faltering campaign in August 2016 , when as a rich former investment banker they enjoyed the status of a near-peer and hell-raiser who shared their candidate 's daredevil approach to politics .
Mr. Bannon has not fared well in West Wing politics . Their bonds with the president seem to be fraying daily , and Mr. Bannon has told friends their status as “ staff ” — compared with Mr. Kushner 's familial relationship with the president — will ultimately dictate their departure . But they have been adamant in maintaining that their loyalty to Mr. Trump will survive , and has suggested that they might direct their energies at creating a movement to challenge mainstream Republicans too timid to pursue the president 's agenda , like Speaker Paul D. Ryan .
Mr. Bannon 's cause is being damaged , people close to the president say , by a war they are waging against General McMaster . It has taken on a life of its own , with several alt-right websites faithful to Mr. Bannon tearing into the national security adviser .
Mr. Bannon , through a spokesperson , denied they have had anything to do with the campaign against General McMaster , and said they have tried unsuccessfully to stem the tide of negative news stories about the national security adviser , whom they believe to be prodding the president toward possible war with North Korea and Venezuela . But other White House aides have noted that Mr. Bannon has not publicly rebuked the websites over the stories .
At the least , they are also no longer Mr. Trump 's indispensable man . Mr. Bannon 's protégé , chief speechwriter and policy director , Stephen Miller , shares their populist agenda — centered around a controversial immigration crackdown — and has become one of the president 's favorite aides . Despite their image in the news media as a confrontational ideologue , Mr. Miller has proved to be a deft operator who has ingratiated themselves to Mr. Kushner .
Still , Mr. Bannon is a survivor . They have been left for dead before . Mr. Trump is mercurial , and can easily change their mind .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This spring , as Mr. Kushner pressured Mr. Trump to fire Mr. Bannon , the president shot back at their son-in-law . They were not going to get rid of him , they said , just because Mr. Kushner wanted them to go .
Photo
SYDNEY — The chief executive of one of Australia 's biggest banks will resign next year , as the lender struggles with accusations that criminals used its cash machines to launder nearly $ 35 million .
Catherine Livingstone , chairperson of Commonwealth Bank of Australia , said in a news release that Ian Narev , 50 , who started as chief in December 2011 , would step down and had agreed that it was “ important for the business that we deal with the speculation and questions about their tenure . ”
Mr. Narev had been heavily criticized over the case . The bank was accused this month of failing to report more than 53,000 “ serious and systemic ” breaches of antimoney laundering laws that involved at least four criminal syndicates and more than 44 million Australian dollars .
In one example , a member of a syndicate was charged with making cash deposits to Commonwealth Bank automated teller machines using proceeds from drug deals , according to the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Center , or Austrac . The man was sentenced to two years in prison , and their case is one of several cited in the accusations against the bank .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In its announcement on Monday , the bank played down the scandal 's role in Mr. Narev 's departure .
The board has “ decided to provide details of its planned chief executive succession process to ensure the market is fully informed and to provide certainty for the business , ” Ms. Livingstone said in the statement . Mr. Narev 's pay had already been cut in response to the allegations .
Fake versions of the new ‘ counterfeit-proof ' fiver have turned out to be genuine , washed-out notes .
Police had issued a warning over fake versions of the new £5 notes - despite claims it was impossible to copy .
Officers issued the alert after what appeared to be counterfeits of the new design were seized .
Police published two key differences between a real £5 note and a fake one .
The Big Ben clock tower appears in gold on the real note but the landmark did not appear at all on the ‘ fake ' .
Also , clear holograms appear on the top and bottom on the front of the new note while the ones discovered in Cornwall are coloured and not holographic .
But The Bank of England subsequently issued a statement saying the ‘ fake ' fivers highlighted by police were genuine notes - but badly worn through ‘ extreme use ' .
A spokesperson said : “ Polymer notes are stronger than paper notes and last longer in usual day-to-day use but they are not indestructible .
“ The Bank of England is aware that a small number of polymer £5 notes have been damaged due to extreme use , for example prolonged washing at high temperatures .
“ In some cases this has resulted in the foil Elizabeth Tower ( Big Ben ) being removed .
“ These notes are damaged genuine banknotes not counterfeits , and a lot of other security features remain intact such as the Queen 's portrait in the window and the microlettering .
“ The Bank has not seen any counterfeit Churchill £5 notes printed on polymer . ”
‘ The Wedding Party 2 ' wraps filming in Dubai
Filming of the sequel to Nollywood 's highest-grossing movie , The Wedding Party , in Dubai has ended and the movie is now in post-production . This was revealed by producers of the film in an email . The Wedding Party 2 : Destination Dubai , will have its Lagos premiere on December 10 , with cinema release in time for the Christmas …
The post ‘ The Wedding Party 2 ' wraps filming in Dubai appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Health authorities in Jakarta have started a special immunisation programme to control an `` extraordinary '' outbreak of diphtheria , which could have serious consequences for next year 's Asian Games in the Indonesian capital .
Health officials revealed diphtheria cases have increased by 42 per cent since last year and that 590 cases of the bacterial infection have been recorded across Indonesia , resulting in 32 deaths .
The bulk of cases have been recorded in Jakarta , which is set to host the Asian Games next year , along with Palembang , the capital of South Sumatra Province .
The city finds itself in a similar situation to Rio de Janeiro before the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games when Brazil had worries about the Zika virus .
Jakarta Governor Anies Baswedan expressed their worry at the situation .
`` If we have an extraordinary event like this [ diphtheria outbreak ] , it might mean the Asian Games would not be a success and that could become a burden for us in the Health Department , '' they said .
Monday 's immunisation programme , which will be rolled out in other provinces in the coming weeks , has seen mothers take their children to receive free vaccinations at a clinic in West Jakarta
Experts say that the immunisation programme was necessary and well-timed as the diphtheria outbreak could spread uncontrollably in an event like the Asian Games , which could see thousands of people congregate in one relatively small area .
Mothers have been taking their children for vaccinations against the infection in a clinic in Jakarta ©Getty Images
Diphtheria causes a thick covering in the back of the throat and can lead to difficulty breathing , heart failure , paralysis and even death .
“ Events that have mass gatherings make it easy for the disease to spread , so it is important now to provide as much [ immunization ] coverage as possible , '' Dr Vinod Bura , acting representative of the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) in Jakarta said .
Health Minister Nila Moeloek warned that the disease could still spread rapidly as some people lack access to healthcare whilst others believe that vaccinations do not work .
`` We must emphasise that this [ vaccination ] is beneficial , '' Moeloek said .
`` f the benefits outweigh the disadvantages , this is a necessity . ''
Rates of diphtheria in Indonesia are among the world 's highest , along with India and several African countries .
Worldwide rates are down considerably across the rest of the world with the WHO recording 7,000 cases of diphtheria last year , compared to 100,000 in 1980 .
The 2018 Asian Games are scheduled to take place from August 18 to September 2 .
U.S. stocks are higher Tuesday morning as investors applaud strong first-quarter results from companies including machinery maker Caterpillar , appliance maker Whirlpool and Fifth Third Bancorp . Smaller companies made big gains in an optimistic sign for the U.S. economy . Bond yields continue to rise and the 10-year Treasury note reached 3 percent for the first time in more than four years . Alphabet , Google 's parent company , slid after it reported greater revenue but also an increase in spending .
KEEPING SCORE : The S & P 500 index gained 4 points , or 0.2 percent , to 2,675 as of 9:55 a.m. Eastern time . The Dow Jones industrial average rose 43 points , or 0.2 percent , to 24,492 . The Nasdaq composite added 13 points , or 0.2 percent , to 7,141 . The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks rose 8 points , or 0.5 percent , to 1,570 .
MACHINE POWER : Caterpillar said the strong global economy helped its sales of construction and energy industry machinery and it raised its forecasts for the year . It also said prices rose and its stock jumped 3.3 percent to $ 159 . Appliance maker Whirlpool also surpassed expectations and rose 5 percent to $ 157.80 . Aircraft maker United Technologies rallied 1.5 percent to $ 125.29 after its report and competitor Boeing gained 1.7 percent to $ 344.59 . Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies picked up 2.4 percent to $ 90.15 .
MISPRINT : Alphabet slid 2.6 percent to $ 1,045.78 after the company said ad revenue climbed , but expenses also rose . Google 's parent company benefited from strong digital ad sales as well as an accounting change .
Drugmaker Biogen reported weaker sales than analysts expected and its stock gave up 2.3 percent to $ 253.34 while scientific equipment maker Waters said sales to industrial customers decreased . The stock plunged 7.9 percent to $ 193 .
BONDS : Bond prices kept slipping . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 3 percent before it slipped to 2.99 percent . It finished at 2.98 percent on Monday .
The yield on the 10-year note is a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages , and it 's been climbing because investors expect greater economic growth and faster inflation . It had n't reached 3 percent since early January of 2014 .
Since the global financial crisis in 2008-09 , a combination of low inflation expectations and a bond-buying program by the Federal Reserve have helped keep bond yields low , but they have climbed this year as inflation has picked up and the Fed raised interest rates . With the Fed no longer buying bonds and investors expecting greater inflation , analysts say higher yields could make bonds more attractive .
CURRENCIES : The dollar rose to 109.13 yen from 108.65 yen . The euro rose to $ 1.2230 from $ 1.2205 .
ENERGY : Benchmark U.S. crude oil gained 19 cents to $ 68.83 a barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , gained 7 cents to $ 74.78 per barrel in London .
OVERSEAS : Germany 's DAX lost 0.3 percent while the French CAC 40 dipped 0.2 percent . Britain 's FTSE 100 rose 0.2 percent . Japan 's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.9 percent , helped by the weaker yen . The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.4 percent and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng added 1.4 percent .
————
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/marley % 20jay
NEW YORK ( AP ) — She 's once , twice , three times a Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover lady .
Kate Upton is once again gracing the cover of the annual issue , becoming only the fourth woman to do so three times . This year , she 's making the splash with three different covers .
Other women who did the cover three times include Tyra Banks , Heidi Klum and Christie Brinkley , who also is featured in this year 's edition with their two daughters . Elle Macpherson holds the record with five cover appearances .
Other notables in this year 's edition include former cover girl Chrissy Teigen , an expectant mother and athletes including tennis champ Serena Williams and Olympic gold medal gymnast Simone Biles .
—
Online :
http : //www.si.com/swimsuit/
The MLS Disciplinary Committee has issued one suspension following Week 30 of the 2017 MLS regular season .
Watts serious foul play
The Disciplinary Committee has suspended Colorado Rapids defender Jared Watts one additional game ( two total games ) and fined them an undisclosed amount for serious foul play that endangered the safety of an opponent . The incident took place during the 9th minute of the Rapids ' match against the Montreal Impact on Sept. 9 and Watts was shown a red card for the play after Video Review . Watts will serve the suspensions during Colorado 's match on Saturday , Oct. 7 against FC Dallas and Sunday , Oct. 15 against Real Salt Lake .
( AP Photo/Matt Slocum ) . Bill Cosby , center , arrives with their wife , Camille , right , for their sexual assault trial , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pa .
( AP Photo/Matt Slocum ) . Bill Cosby , left , arrives with their wife , Camille , for their sexual assault retrial , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pa .
NORRISTOWN , Pa. ( AP ) - The Latest on Bill Cosby 's sexual assault retrial ( all times local ) :
12:10 p.m .
Bill Cosby 's lawyers are urging a jury to acquit the 80-year-old comedian of sexual assault charges they say are based on `` flimsy , silly , ridiculous evidence . ''
The defense at Cosby 's retrial gave its closing argument Tuesday . Their lawyers slammed chief accuser Andrea Constand as a `` pathological liar . '' They highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years about their relationship with Cosby and their allegations that they drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia home .
Cosby 's wife of 54 years was in the courtroom for their lawyers ' arguments .
Prosecutors will deliver their closing argument next . The jury is expected to get the case later Tuesday .
Cosby says their encounter with Constand was consensual . A jury deadlocked on the charges last year , setting the stage for a retrial .
The Associated Press does n't typically identify people who say they 're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission . Constand has done so .
___
9:50 a.m .
Bill Cosby 's spokesperson says the comedian 's wife will be in the courtroom for the defense closing argument .
Cosby arrived for the 12th day of their sexual assault retrial Tuesday morning accompanied for the first time by Camille , their wife of 54 years .
Cosby spokesperson Andrew Wyatt says they did n't want Camille and other family members there for the rest of the trial .
Wyatt says she 's in court to support defense lawyers Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss as they deliver their closing argument , just as they were there to support their husband 's lawyer during closing arguments at last year 's trial . That jury deadlocked on the charges .
Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting a woman in 2004 . They say it was consensual .
___
8:45 a.m .
Bill Cosby has arrived for the 12th day of their sexual assault retrial , accompanied for the first time by their wife of 54 years .
The 80-year-old and their wife , Camille , did n't talk to reporters as they entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse , where closing arguments and deliberations are expected Tuesday .
The comedian is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault .
The charges stem from Andrea Constand 's allegations that they drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004 .
Cosby 's lawyers devoted part of their case to travel records they say prove they could n't have been there when they say the alleged assault happened .
They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier , outside the statute of limitations .
The Associated Press does n't typically identify people who say they 're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission , which Constand has done .
___
12:10 a.m .
Bill Cosby 's sexual assault retrial will soon be in the hands of a jury .
Closing arguments and deliberations are set for Tuesday . The defense rested Monday after Cosby said they would n't testify .
The comedian is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault .
The charges stem from Andrea Constand 's allegations that they drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004 .
Cosby 's lawyers devoted part of their case to travel records they say prove they could n't have been there when they say the alleged assault happened .
They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier , outside the statute of limitations .
The Associated Press does n't typically identify people who say they 're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission , which Constand has done .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
LAS VEGAS — After their first two games with the Vegas Golden Knights in late February , there were n't many fans who were happy with Ryan Reaves .
They arrived from Pittsburgh and immediately made their presence known with six penalty minutes in a home-and-home series against Los Angeles , both losses . The Vegas faithful thought team chemistry was ruined .
`` Ruin the whole team , yeah ? '' Reaves joked Tuesday as Vegas prepared for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final against Washington . `` I apologize to Vegas . ''
Vegas was n't the only one they apologized to . Reaves immediately went to coach Gerard Gallant after those Kings games to acknowledge that while they did n't necessarily agree with the penalties , they also would not be taking silly penalties and disrupt what Gallant and general manager George McPhee worked hard to build .
`` He was up front , and they took responsibility , but I said , 'Just play your game , that 's why we got you , to play your game and work hard ' and he 's been excellent ever since , '' Gallant said Tuesday . `` He does n't take penalties , they really does n't . ''
Reave believes it 's been their on-ice intelligence and hockey IQ that has made them an effective teammate over nine seasons in St. Louis , Pittsburgh and now Vegas , where he 's since become a crowd favourite .
`` My fights have gone down every year , '' Reaves said . `` I only had six this year and all within the first two or three months ( with Pittsburgh ) . I think there 's always going to be physical play in this league , and as long as I can keep up and and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that 's not hurting the team , then yeah , I think I got a spot here . ''
Especially after scoring what may have been the biggest goals in franchise history .
In Game 5 of the Western Conference Final in their hometown of Winnipeg , Reaves scored the game-winning goal that sent the Golden Knights to the Stanley Cup Final . And in Game 1 against the Capitals on Monday , they scored the game-tying goal before linemate Tomas Nosek put the game-winner past Braden Holtby in a 6-4 victory that gave Vegas a 1-0 series lead .
`` Playoff hockey you have to be a little smarter , you got to be a little faster , everything is kind of magnified , '' Reaves said . `` I think at this time of the year the details have to be there for sure . ''
Mauricio Pochettino : Chelsea rivals want Spurs win – Tottenham manager
With Chelsea six points clear , Pochettino thinks Liverpool , Arsenal and the two Manchester clubs will be hoping for a Spurs victory to stop Antonio Conte 's team .
Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino believes rival Premier League managers and fans want their team to win when they tackle leaders Chelsea at White Hart Lane on Wednesday .
With Chelsea six points clear , Pochettino thinks Liverpool , Arsenal and the two Manchester clubs will be hoping for a Spurs victory to stop Antonio Conte ‘ s team widening the gap at the top .
Furthermore , the Argentine says it will be good for the league as a whole , as well as for Tottenham , if Chelsea fail to set a new record of 14 successive Premier League victories within the same season .
`` I think it 's important for the Premier League and for us to try to win and try to stop them and reduce the gap because in the end for us the challenge is to try to be at the top , '' Pochettino said after their side 's 4-1 win at Watford on Sunday .
Last season the situations were reversed , with many neutrals wanting Tottenham to falter against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge so unlikely contenders Leicester City could take the title .
Their wishes were granted as a stormy 2-2 draw delivered the championship to the King Power Stadium .
`` Yes , maybe we will feel how Leicester felt last season when all the teams were with them and against us , '' Pochettino said .
`` Maybe they felt the same as us last season . ''
However , they warned it will be tough for Tottenham against Conte 's turbo-charged team .
`` You know Chelsea arrives in very good shape , us too after the last few games , '' they said .
`` For me it will be a very , very tough game to try to stop them and try to reduce the gap . ''
Mazzarri 's ‘ lowest moment '
The win at Watford was a perfect warm-up , effectively decided by half-time when Spurs led 3-0 despite the absences of suspended duo Jan Vertonghen and Kyle Walker , both of whom will be available to face Chelsea .
`` The first half was great . I think it was one of the best performances so far , '' said Pochettino , whose side supplanted Manchester City in the Champions League places on goal difference .
`` It was nearly a perfect game . The shame was that we conceded a goal in the last minute , but a lot of positive things , very happy .
`` We scored from the beginning and at that moment I think the game was over . We controlled it and created some chances . ''
They also praised the two-goal contributions of Harry Kane and Dele Alli , as well as Vertonghen and Walker 's replacements Kevin Wimmer and Kieran Trippier , who set up both of Kane 's goals .
`` I think ( Kane ) was very good , them and Dele , and ( it was good ) that they scored , '' said the Spurs manager .
`` I 'm very pleased with players like Trippier and Wimmer , who do n't have the opportunity to play too much , but make us more competitive . Their performance was fantastic . ''
Watford head coach Walter Mazzarri said the result was their `` lowest moment '' in charge , but they pointed to injuries that robbed them of the services of 10 players .
`` If you play against Tottenham when you are missing 10 players , maybe five or six of a starting XI , you know it wo n't be easy , '' they said .
`` I do n't want to make comparisons , but if you take away five important members of any other team , they will also be in great difficulty . ''
They denied that a run of six defeats in nine games , which has left Watford in 13th place , has put them under pressure .
`` When I 've spoken with the club , with the president , the objective has always been to avoid relegation and we are doing better than that , '' said the Italian , whose side replied through Younes Kaboul .
`` Before we had the players missing we were doing something extraordinary , better than expectations , so we have to take this into account . ''
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria 's entertainment & lifestyle platform online . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
World Cup hosts Russia defend anti-racism chief in theft probe – Vanguard
Vanguard World Cup hosts Russia defend anti-racism chief in theft probe
Vanguard
Russian football bosses are rallying behind World Cup anti-racism inspector Alexei Smertin in an embezzlement probe unfolding less than two months before kickoff . 2018 FIFA World Cup : 1.3m tickets allocated , sales restart on Tuesday . Official 2018 FIFA …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
What Really Happened In The Viral Owerri Bank Robbery CCTV Footage That Led To Iboko , Others Death – Lawyer Narrates
A social media user identified as Kissinger Ikeokwu , a lawyer based in Imo state took to their social media page on Facebook to narrate what happened on the day of the Zenith Bank Owerri shootout between robbers and police officers leading to the death of one Sgt . Iboko and other police officers . The social media user narrated…
The post What Really Happened In The Viral Owerri Bank Robbery CCTV Footage That Led To Iboko , Others Death – Lawyer Narrates appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One back , one gone .
Two of the three NBA Draft decisions are in for the Kentucky Wildcats .
Shortly after first-year student forward PJ Washington announced their choice to withdraw from the draft and return to UK for another season , sophomore forward Wenyen Gabriel said they will pursue their professional dream .
`` BBN , thank you for supporting me for the last two years and being patient with me through these last few weeks , ” Gabriel said in a video statement released by UK . “ This process has n't been easy for me and it 's choosing between a lifelong dream and playing in front of a fan base that I 've grown to love so much . Opportunities like these do n't come without the support and encouragement from my family , Coach Cal , the coaching staff , my teammates , and of course , the fans .
“ I 've enjoyed every moment of this journey at the University of Kentucky and I just want to thank everyone for who has supported me through both my ups and my downs . Lord knows this has n't been easy , but my time here has only better prepared me for what the future has for me .
“ After receiving positive feedback , my dreams of becoming a professional basketball player are that much closer to reality . I believe that I 'm ready to take that jump and will be keeping my name in the 2018 draft . ”
All Times EDT Eastern Conference W L T Pts GF GA FC Cincinnati 10 3 4 34 35 21 Pittsburgh Riverhounds 7 1 7 28 18 7 Nashville SC 7 3 5 26 17 10 Louisville City FC 7 3 5 26 22 16 Indy Eleven 7 4 4 25 20 16 Charleston Battery 6 3 7 25 22 16 Charlotte Independence 6 5 6 24 26 25 Bethlehem Steel FC 6 5 5 23 26 20 New York Red Bulls II 5 5 7 22 30 28 Penn FC 5 4 7 22 18 18 FC Tampa Bay Rowdies 5 6 4 19 22 21 North Carolina FC 5 7 3 18 23 21 Ottawa Fury FC 5 7 3 18 14 21 Richmond Kickers 4 9 2 14 16 28 Atlanta United 2 2 8 5 11 16 31 Toronto FC II 0 13 3 3 16 40 Western Conference W L T Pts GF GA Real Monarchs SLC 12 4 1 37 27 16 Phoenix Rising FC 10 3 5 35 34 15 Reno 1868 FC 8 3 7 31 26 20 Orange County SC 9 5 3 30 29 12 Sacramento Republic FC 8 5 5 29 21 19 Swope Park Rangers 8 4 4 28 25 25 Portland Timbers II 8 7 2 26 26 22 Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC 7 9 3 24 20 16 Fresno FC 5 7 7 22 24 22 Saint Louis FC 5 5 7 22 19 21 San Antonio FC 5 4 6 21 15 16 Las Vegas Lights 4 6 5 17 23 30 OKC Energy FC 5 10 1 16 13 24 LA Galaxy II 4 9 4 16 28 33 Rio Grande Valley FC 1 6 9 12 14 20 Seattle Sounders II 3 9 2 11 16 30 Tulsa Roughnecks FC 1 8 8 11 15 36
NOTE : Three points for victory , one point for tie .
___
Tuesday , June 26
Indy Eleven 2 , Nashville SC 0
Real Monarchs SLC 1 , Fresno FC 0
Wednesday , June 27
FC Cincinnati 3 , Toronto FC II 3 , tie
Pittsburgh Riverhounds 1 , Louisville City FC 0
FC Tampa Bay Rowdies 2 , Charlotte Independence 2 , tie
Tulsa Roughnecks FC 2 , LA Galaxy II 0
Friday , June 29
Phoenix Rising FC 1 , Orange County SC 0
Saturday , June 30
Bethlehem Steel FC 4 , Charlotte Independence 1
North Carolina FC 3 , Richmond Kickers 1
Penn FC 1 , Indy Eleven 1 , tie
FC Cincinnati 2 , Ottawa Fury FC 0
New York Red Bulls II 3 , Louisville City FC 3 , tie
Las Vegas Lights 2 , Tulsa Roughnecks FC 2 , tie
Nashville SC 3 , Atlanta United 2 0
Rio Grande Valley FC 0 , Saint Louis FC 0 , tie
San Antonio FC 1 , Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC 1 , tie
Fresno FC 2 , Sacramento Republic FC 0
Reno 1868 FC 1 , Portland Timbers II 0
Sunday , July 1
Charleston Battery 4 , Toronto FC II 0
LA Galaxy II 5 , Seattle Sounders II 3
Tuesday , July 3
Orange County SC 1 , Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC 0
Reno 1868 FC 3 , Real Monarchs SLC 0
Wednesday , July 4
North Carolina FC at Pittsburgh Riverhounds , 7 p.m .
Ottawa Fury FC at Indy Eleven , 7 p.m .
Toronto FC II at FC Tampa Bay Rowdies , 7 p.m .
OKC Energy FC at San Antonio FC , 8:30 p.m .
Thursday , July 5
Swope Park Rangers at Seattle Sounders II , 10 p.m .
Friday , July 6
Atlanta United 2 at New York Red Bulls II , 7 p.m .
Bethlehem Steel FC at Penn FC , 7 p.m .
Saturday , July 7
Charleston Battery at North Carolina FC , 7 p.m .
Charlotte Independence at Indy Eleven , 7 p.m .
Louisville City FC at FC Tampa Bay Rowdies , 7:30 p.m .
Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC at OKC Energy FC , 8:30 p.m .
FC Cincinnati at Nashville SC , 8:30 p.m .
Tulsa Roughnecks FC at Rio Grande Valley FC , 8:30 p.m .
LA Galaxy II at Orange County SC , 10 p.m .
Real Monarchs SLC at Sacramento Republic FC , 11 p.m .
Saint Louis FC at Las Vegas Lights , 11 p.m .
Sunday , July 8
Pittsburgh Riverhounds at Ottawa Fury FC , 1 p.m .
Reno 1868 FC at Seattle Sounders II , 4:30 p.m .
Fresno FC at Portland Timbers II , 5 p.m .
UPND planning for HH 's innuaguration as Head of State – PF
FISHERIES and Livestock Minister Michael Katambo says it is mischievous and criminal for anyone in Western Province to suggest that a new president will be sworn in this week to take over from President Edgar Lungu .
Addressing party officials at the Kaoma Council chambers yesterday , Katambo said it was unthinkable for anyone to create stories suggesting that there would be a swearing in ceremony to install another President .
They said Zambians and in particular those from the opposition should realise that President Lungu was elected President after scoring 50 per cent plus 1 vote in the just ended 2016 general elections .
“ There is nothing that will change the August 2016 general elections results . No single paper will change the outlook of the results . President Lungu is President now until 2021 and beyond , ” they said .
Katambo challenged the PF leadership in Kaoma District to wait for the end of the week to see whether there would be a change in government .
The minister said people should stop living in denial anymore because elections were over and President Lungu was legitimately elected and occupying office .
They said people should accept that for now President Lungu was president and they have a government to run .
Katambo also warned against tribalism and other old bad vices that brings division in the country .
Katambo said this after they received reports that opposition UPND leaders in Western Province were going round telling people that the Courts would this week overturn President Lungu 's election .
Mangango Constituency PF chairperson Alex Muyunda informed the minister that the UPND were organising for the inauguration of its leader Hakainde Hichilema in Western Province .
Muyunda said the situation was making it difficult for the PF to mobilise in the region .
Hollywood 's Captain America is sharing some real-life encouragement with a young bullying victim . Earlier this weekend , a video started to make the rounds on Twitter of a boy from Knoxville , Tennessee , tearfully explaining that he 's being severely bullied at school .
“ Why do they bully , what 's the point of it ? ” the boy , Keaton Jones , asks their mother as she 's filming . “ People that are different do n't need to be criticized about it , it 's not their fault . But if you are made fun of , do n't let it bother you . stay strong , I guess . It 's hard . But , it 'll probably get better one day . ”
This is Keaton Jones , they live in Knoxville and they have a little something to say about bullying.pic.twitter.com/coyQxFp33V — Everything TN ( @ Everything_TN ) December 9 , 2017
“ Stay strong , Keaton . Do n't let them make you turn cold . I promise it gets better , ” Evans tweeted . “ While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world , how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year ? ”
Stay strong , Keaton . Do n't let them make you turn cold . I promise it gets better . While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world , how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year ? https : //t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans ( @ ChrisEvans ) December 10 , 2017
Avengers : Infinity Waris due in theaters May 4 . Marvel Studios chief Kevin Feige told Vanity Fair recently that the untitled fourth Avengers film set for 2019 is intended to be a “ finale ” for the Marvel Cinematic Universe as we know it .
Several other celebrities sent similar messages of goodwill to Keaton , including Evans ' Avengers costar Mark Ruffalo , Star Wars icon Mark Hamill , and Stranger Things breakout Millie Bobby Brown . Check out some highlights below .
Little buddy , I was bullied when I was a kid . You are right # ItGetsBetter ! You are my own personal superhero . Protect Yo Heart . You got a pal in the Hulk . https : //t.co/fRTAENcmV4 — Mark Ruffalo ( @ MarkRuffalo ) December 10 , 2017
Keaton-Do n't waste time wondering why a bully would be so mean-They 're sad people who think hurting others will make them feel better because they really do n't like themselves-They 're just jealous because you 're so smart & handsome ? ? Your friend-mh https : //t.co/SUMw3OoCTm — @ HamillHimself ( @ HamillHimself ) December 10 , 2017
I # StandwithKeaton . Keaton baby , just know you 're not alone . There are so many people who come out of bullying so much stronger and you will be one of them ! ! God bless you sweetheart . https : //t.co/LdCAy2lDHu — Demi Lovato ( @ ddlovato ) December 11 , 2017
@ Lakyn_Jones Keaton , this is so accurate . Why do people do this ? I think your sooo cool Keaton ! I wan na be your friend ( but srsly ) ur freakin awesome ? ? — Millie Bobby Brown ( @ milliebbrown ) December 9 , 2017
Keaton jones you are a hero . This extremely raw and real moment has brought hope and truth to so many people . Be you and be forever fearless . Never give up . You are loved ! — kevin jonas ( @ kevinjonas ) December 10 , 2017
I 'm so Sad and angry like I 'm OD hot ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? but not too pick on others — iamcardib ( @ iamcardib ) December 10 , 2017
Oh sweet boy . We see you . You are not alone . https : //t.co/splq8LEMFR — Idina Menzel ( @ idinamenzel ) December 10 , 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I 'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say they are sorry to you . you do n't deserve that . keep your head up and continue to be kind ... you will always Come out on top . sending a hug . https : //t.co/fZn2hbMPKp — Kelsea Ballerini ( @ KelseaBallerini ) December 10 , 2017
Dear Keaton Jones , hopefully you see this . Your an amazing soul my man , never let ANYONE tell you otherwise ! Keep your head up & chest out . Your a solider , always remember that . — DeAndre Washington ( @ dwa5hington ) December 10 , 2017
We hear you # KeatonJones . I was bullied constantly growing up . And could never have put into words what you have . It does get better . And it gets better because of who are and what you know and how you share it with all of us . Thank you for your courage . https : //t.co/P4cCQtkAnB — Patrick J Adams ( @ halfadams ) December 9 , 2017
CHANGES NEEDED : Gympie gun shop owner Ron Owen says legislation needs to be geared towards business owners have the right to carry .
CHANGES NEEDED : Gympie gun shop owner Ron Owen says legislation needs to be geared towards business owners have the right to carry . Tom Daunt
GYMPIE gun shop owner Ron Owen is not worried about having their business robbed .
However , they are concerned employees in one of the state 's most criminally targeted industries do n't have the opportunity to protect themselves .
Lobbyists have said southeast Queensland gun shops are soft targets for criminals , with the majority of firearm shop fronts ill-equipped to repel ram raids .
It follows the armed robbery of a Melbourne gun shop this week .
Queensland law requires gun shops to have some security , but some shop owners fear only stronger legislation will protect them from organised crime .
An outspoken critic of current firearm legislation , Mr Owen believes if law changes were to be made , they needed to be directed at a business owner 's right to openly carry guns in store .
`` We feel our security is certainly strong enough , '' Mr Owen said .
`` We have to conform with legislation that basically makes us put everything in a vault with 10cm of concrete and reinforced steel .
`` But we are not happy with the fact that the staff and people in the gun shops have been disarmed . That leaves them defenceless .
`` The ( existing ) legislation has actually made firearm shops a target , '' they said .
Sporting Shooters ' Association president Geoff Jones said most shop owners felt safe but called for legislative revision .
`` With the sorts of vehicles getting around these days , there is a risk of big four-wheel-drives , '' they said .
Gun Control Australia spokesperson Roland Browne said firearm dealerships were a `` buffet '' to criminals .
`` If they are being targeted by thieves and fetch a lot of money on the black market , gun storage requirements need to increase proportionally because we have to stem the flow , '' Mr Browne told The Courier-Mail .
Despite ram raid concerns from shop owners , the number of guns stolen decreased from 777 in 2016 - the highest since 2013 - to 581 in 2017 .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Nigerians abroad sent $ 22 billion home in 2017
Nigerians living abroad ( Diaspora ) , sent $ 21.9 billion back home in 2017 , the World Bank said in its latest migration and development report , representing a 12 percent increase when compared to the $ 19.64 billion it repatriated in 2016 . The amount sent home by Nigerians in Diaspora represents the highest in the Sub-Saharan Africa and the fifth…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only . Visit the site and log in/register to read .
The post Nigerians abroad sent $ 22 billion home in 2017 appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Beauty And The Beard Eats and Events ' owners Lauren Langley and Jarrod Dan .
WHEN their first foray into branding was met with some indifference by their friends , Jarrod Dan and Lauren Langley started brainstorming a new angle .
It was when the live action Beauty and the Beast film was released that things clicked and the catering legend of Beauty and the Beard Eats and Events was born .
`` We said we can play with that , and it just kind of stuck outright , ” Jarrod said .
While Jarrod had moved around and worked in other industries , cooking had remained a passion since their teenage years .
`` I 've always enjoyed cooking since I was 15 , with my sister in the kitchen ... I never really lost that , ” they said .
They had intended to officially start the business once their current work concluded , but a call from the Gympie Hammers moved everything in their schedule up .
`` We did n't really get a choice , ” they said .
In short order their smokers were fired up , and they found the sense of fun had not faded .
`` I do n't think there 's any other catering job where you get to cook 200kg of meat , ” they said .
Like their namesake , their business is the story of two halves .
`` I love making salads and I love baking , so I sort of sit on the other side , ” Lauren said .
`` We complement each other .
Them background as a dance teacher and working in retail has been of benefit , too .
`` I bring the creative and admin side . ”
However , neither is sure if the name means Mr Dan is forbidden from shaving ever again .
`` Maybe get them a beard shirt , ” Lauren said .
`` Or maybe a Father Christmas beard , ” Jarrod added .
Osun bye-election : Why I dumped APC – Adeleke
Mr. Adeleke joined the Peoples Democratic Party , and became its candidate for the seat .
The post Osun bye-election : Why I dumped APC – Adeleke appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Cities had to apply for the FAA and DOT 's US Unmanned Aerial System Integration Pilot Program by the end of last November , but of the hundreds of applicants , only five will be chosen . So far , only Louisville is proposing this particular use for a drone fleet , according to Gizmodo .
But the city 's mayor and civic innovation chief believe a host of UAVs buzzing in to photograph or video record a location and leaving thereafter would be less of a privacy violation than blanketing the city in security cameras -- and be cheaper , too . Louisville wo n't know if its pitch will be be accepted for the program for a couple months , according to WDRB .
Last week , Google fired a software engineer for writing a memo that questioned the company 's gender diversity policies and made statements about women 's biological suitability for technical jobs .
“ Portions of the memo violate our code of conduct and cross the line by advancing harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace , ” Google 's chief executive , Sundar Pichai , wrote in a companywide email .
It 's impossible to believe that Google or other large tech companies a few years ago would have reacted like this to such a memo . In 2011 when CNN filed Freedom of Information Act request for the workplace diversity data on big tech companies , Google , among others , asked the Department of Labor for its data to be excluded . The company said that releasing that information would cause “ competitive harm. ” It was not until 2014 that Google began to disclose statistics showing that only 17 percent of its technical work force was female .
The rise of Google and the other giant businesses of Silicon Valley have been driven by a libertarian culture that paid only lip service to notions of diversity . Peter Thiel , one of the ideological leaders in the Valley , wrote in 2009 on a blog affiliated with the Cato Institute that “ since 1920 , the vast increase in welfare beneficiaries and the extension of the franchise to women — two constituencies that are notoriously tough for libertarians — have rendered the notion of ‘ capitalist democracy ' into an oxymoron . ”
If women should not even have the vote , why should we worry about gender diversity in the engineering ranks ?
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday , get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists , the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Today Google is under growing scrutiny , and the cognitive dissonance between the outward-facing “ Do n't be evil ” stance and the internal misogynistic “ brogrammer ” rhetoric was too extreme .
Google had to fire the offending engineer , James Damore , but anyone who spends time on the message boards frequented by Valley engineers will know that the “ bro ” culture that gave us Gamergate — an online movement that targeted women in the video game industry — is much more prevalent than Mr. Pichai wants to acknowledge .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Google employees who opposed Mr. Damore found their internal company profile pictures posted on Breitbart , the Verge reported . “ What really gets me is that when Googlers leaked these screenshots , they knew this was the element of the internet they were leaking it to , ” a former Google employee said . “ They knew they were subjecting their colleagues to this type of abuse . ”
The company canceled a planned all-hands meeting on Thursday , citing concern about harassment .
For much of the short life of Silicon Valley , America has held a largely romantic view of the tech industry . Men like Steve Jobs and Bill Gates were held in high esteem . But increasingly , companies like Google , Amazon and Facebook are coming under the same cultural microscope that questioned the “ greed is good ” culture of the 1980s . Viewers of the comedy series “ Silicon Valley ” note that uber-libertarianism and uber-geek machismo go hand in hand . And certainly Mark Zuckerberg was not happy with their portrayal in David Fincher 's “ The Social Network , ” nor could anyone in the Valley be happy with Dave Eggers 's novel “ The Circle ” or Don DeLillo 's “ Zero K . ”
The effects of the darker side of tech culture reach well beyond the Valley . It starts with an unwillingness to control fake news and pervasive sexism that no doubt contributes to the gender pay gap . But it will soon involve the heart of Google 's business : surveillance capitalism . The trope that “ if you are not paying for it , you are n't the customer — you 're the product ” has been around for a while . But now the European Union has passed the General Data Protection Regulation , which will go into effect next May . This regulation aims to give people more control over their data , so search engines ca n't follow them everywhere they roam online . It will be an arrow to the heart of Google 's business .
We have an obligation to care about the values of the people who run Google , because we 've given Google enormous control over our lives and the lives of our children . As the former Google design ethicist Tristan Harris points out , “ Without realizing the implications , a handful of tech leaders at Google and Facebook have built the most pervasive , centralized systems for steering human attention that has ever existed , while enabling skilled actors ( addictive apps , bots , foreign governments ) to hijack our attention for manipulative ends . ”
The future implications of a couple of companies ' having such deep influence on our attention and our behavior are only beginning to be felt . The rise of artificial intelligence combined with Google 's omnipresence in our lives is an issue that is not well understood by politicians or regulators .
America is slowly waking up both culturally and politically to the takeover of our economy by a few tech monopolies . We know we are being driven by men like Peter Thiel and Jeff Bezos toward a future that will be better for them . We are not sure that it will be better for us .
As George Packer , writing in The New Yorker in 2011 , put it , “ In Thiel 's techno-utopia , a few thousand Americans might own robot-driven cars and live to 150 , while millions of others lose their jobs to computers that are far smarter than they are , then perish at 60 . ”
Somehow the citizens of the world have been left out of this discussion of our future . Because tools like Google and Facebook have become so essential and because we have almost no choice in whether to use them , we need to consider the role they play in our lives .
By giving networks like Google and Facebook control of the present , we cede our freedom to choose our future .
It 's not the first time the BBC has backed Alexa , however . The news organisation is one of many that support Amazon 's `` flash briefing , '' a quick rundown of the day 's top stories . The broadcaster has also experimented with an interactive sci-fi drama called The Inspection Chamber , which lets you answer various questions and choices throughout its 20-minute run-time . ( My colleague Jamie Rigg , in a rare moment of praise , called it `` genuinely fun and entertaining . '' ) We 're glad the BBC is supporting Alexa , but now we have to ask : when will all of this come to Google Home ?
Christine Massarany took their love for playing dress up and dramatic style changes to creating their semi-couture fashion brand . Them designs embody the modern women and draw inspiration from women 's silhouettes . With their feminine cuts , their brand is for the ones who love to stand out . Them label was founded in 2017 creating pieces for evening and morning wear .
Can you introduce yourself ?
My name is Christine El Massarany . I 'm a mother of two . I used to work in PR and advertising , but I always dreamed of becoming a fashion designer and creating my own brand . After graduating from university , I worked for 5 years , then I got married and had my first child .
4 years later with my second baby , I was waiting for the right time to start taking courses to know more about the fashion industry . At some point , I realized that there is no right time , and that I had to create my chance not wait for it . If there is a will , there is a way .
My Husband pushed me to get out of my comfort zone and finally start taking my first course . It was a positive step , because it showed me how much I 'm really passionate about it . My husband was always telling me to just start so I can for sure know if this is what I want , because sometimes you think you love something , but once it takes an academic path , you find out it 's not what you imagined .
What do you think makes your designs stand out in the industry ?
I think , working with passion and love makes each piece special . I do n't work on a mass production basis , I 'm just doing what I love without any restrictions , budget or specific taste . It 's all about creating special and different pieces .
I enjoy what I 'm doing so much and believe that people can feel my passion and effort put in each piece . I work on each dress as if it 's the hit of the collection or a piece that I will personally wear in a special occasion , so I end up coming with a full collection of special fabrics and designs . I always think about how to make statement dresses ; whether playing with the fabrics and/or the design .
Another thing I give so much attention to is the finishing ; and that 's why it takes me a hell of a time to finish a collection . I 'm not the kind of person who wears tailor made dresses because I always disapprove of the quality . That 's why when I first started , I decided to make a ready-to-wear collection . I wanted to give my clients super quality products that are hassle free , which is a deficiency in the Egyptian market ; especially evening dresses .
What sparked your love for fashion as a teenager ?
When I was a teenager , I gave so much attention to clothes and fashion . I had two older sisters and they had more clothing options that I used to play around with . I remember getting creative while dressing up for Thursday nights out . I loved changing my style . I would also change my hair color and cuts a lot , which I still do until now . I love my style to be more interesting and unpredictable .
What inspires your designs ? Where do you draw inspiration from when you 're caught in a rut ?
You can be inspired by anything . Sometimes I have to search for inspiration and sometimes it just comes to me . My first collection was inspired by the Oyster Mushroom . It all starts at a mood board . Once I come out with the inspiration , everything else goes smoothly because the key element that inspired you , gives you the template for the color scheme , fabrics and materials .
What 's it like to work with your partner ? Is it hard to separate the business and personal life ?
I can safely say that I 'm very lucky to have a husband who believes in me and my talent so much . Working with them is the greatest thing . I always tell them that I could n't have made it without him . They are not always involved in my work because they also have their own work , but they always find a way to be there when there are any difficulties .
What future plans do you have for your brand ?
My dream is to become an international brand and have more than one line , like ready-to-wear and swimwear . I also want to have showrooms in the US , UK and of course Dubai .
What piece of advice do you have for someone wanting to pursue their passion in fashion ?
Go ahead and do n't waste your time ! Just start now because nothing beats seeing your dream come true , doing what u love is priceless .
Pictures featured are from Christine 's latest collection 'Stardust ' inspired by the disco age .
PETROLIA – This Lambton County community 's scandal-plagued local government has now been swatted by a provincial watchdog , who ruled town council held an illegal secret meeting last fall .
Ontario Ombudsman Andre Dube , who investigates complaints provincewide about closed-door municipal council meetings , says the Sept. 11 , 2017 , closed-door meeting between Petrolia town council and YMCA officials broke Ontario 's Municipal Act rules .
In their just-released report , Dube says that while the minutes of the Sept. 11 closed-door meeting stated it discussed “ pending labour relations , ” there was no legal advice presented or labour information discussed during most of the session . The closed-door meeting – also known as an “ in camera meeting ” – was therefore illegal under the provincial law , Dube ruled .
The only part of the Sept. 11 meeting that did meet the requirements for an in-camera meeting took place during a question-and-answer period at the end of the presentation , the ombudsman said . Two other closed-door Petrolia town council meetings , Oct. 25 and Nov. 14 , were investigated and deemed legal .
Petrolia 's mayor , John McCharles , downplayed the ruling by the provincial watchdog – saying two out of the three meetings were legal .
“ I guess I was basically pleased with the report , because with two of the meetings ( the ombudsman ) could n't find any issues , ” they said Tuesday . “ The meeting where they did have an issue , they said that the presentation from the YMCA could have been in open forum . ”
Dube urged Petrolia to start making audio and video recordings of its open and closed meetings , although their office has no power to compel them to do so .
It 's been a tense several months at Petrolia town hall . Manny Baron resigned as the town 's top bureaucrat in November after an internal probe examined why they had n't disclosed their ownership of two buildings leased to the town , including one Baron bought from a local developer , then sold back soon after questions were raised , property records show .
In January , Baron was criminally charged with breach of trust by a public officer .
New for 2018 , Gerber Gear introduces the Center-Drive Black — a multi-tool featuring the innovative center-axis driver for alignment like a real screwdriver for maximum torque and rotation . The outboard blade is 30 percent longer , and one-thumb opening sliding jaws allow for quick , easy use .
( 800 ) 950-6161
www.gunsmagazine.com/company/gerber-gear
Israeli prime ministers have been investigated over the last two decades , and one was even tried , convicted and jailed . But no ... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited . Only 1 $ for the first month
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The CEO of the nation 's third largest pharmaceutical company resigned from a manufacturing council that advises President Donald Trump days after racially tinged clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia , citing `` a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ''
Trump , who is under increasing pressure to explicitly condemn the white supremacist and hate groups involved , lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter , saying that because of the resignation , the pharmaceutical executive `` will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ''
Drugmakers have come under closer scrutiny because of rising drug prices , though Merck has not been one of the companies targeted by lawmakers or watchdog groups .
Frazier , who is African American , said in a tweet on Monday that the country 's leaders must `` honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy . ''
One person was killed in the protests after a car slammed into a crowd and multiple people were injured in that incident and in running clashes between white supremacists and those opposing them .
Frazier is not the first executive to resign from advisory councils serving Trump .
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June , and two other advisory groups to the president , after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement . Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned from a White House advisory council for the same reason .
The manufacturing jobs council had 28 members initially , but it has shrunk since it was formed earlier this year as executives retire , are replaced , or , as with Frazier , Musk and Iger , resign .
Related Trump travel ban weighs on first advisory meeting with business execs Airbnb closes accounts linked to white supremacy rally The First Amendment wo n't protect you from saying something your company does n't like
An airline is demanding UK airports limit the amount passengers can drink before boarding flights .
Ryanair has called on UK airports to take necessary measures to prevent excessive alcohol consumption , in the wake of increased disruptive behaviour from passengers travelling from British airports .
It comes after reports this morning that the number of passengers arrested for drunken behaviour on flights or at UK airports increased by 50 % in the last year .
In recent years there have been a number of incidents from North East airports involving drunken passengers , including Jet2 banning six passengers from its flights after a drunken incident on a plane travelling from Newcastle to Tenerife .
The Civil Aviation Authority has reported a 600 % increase in disruptive passenger incidents in the UK between 2012 and 2016 , with most “ involving alcohol ” .
Ryanair today urged the airports to take more responsibility for the safety issue by :
: : Banning the sale of all alcohol in bars and restaurants before 10am .
: : Introducing the mandatory use of boarding cards when purchasing alcoholic drinks in bars and restaurants ( in the same way a boarding card is needed for airport purchases ) and limiting the number of drinks per boarding pass to a maximum of two
: : Controlling the sale of alcohol in bars and restaurants to passengers during flight delays by limiting the number of drinks per boarding pass to a maximum of two
Ryanair says it has already taken a number of measures to prevent disruptive behaviour on its UK flights , and customers are not permitted to consume their own duty-free purchases on board
Customers flying from Glasgow Prestwick and Manchester to Alicante and Ibiza are no longer permitted to bring duty-free alcohol on board the aircraft , and those who have purchased duty-free alcohol will be asked to put it into the hold or leave their purchases behind .
Kenny Jacobs of Ryanai said : `` “ It 's completely unfair that airports can profit from the unlimited sale of alcohol to passengers and leave the airlines to deal with the safety consequences . This is a particular problem during flight delays when airports apply no limit to the sale of alcohol in airside bars and restaurants .
`` This is an issue which the airports must now address and we are calling for significant changes to prohibit the sale of alcohol at airports , particularly with early morning flights and when flights are delayed .
They added : `` As the largest airline in Europe , Ryanair 's number one priority is the safety of our customers , crew and aircraft and we operate strict guidelines for the carriage of customers who are disruptive or appear to be under the influence of alcohol .
`` Given that all our flights are short-haul , very little alcohol is actually sold on board , so it 's incumbent on the airports to introduce these preventative measures to curb excessive drinking and the problems it creates , rather than allowing passengers to drink to excess before their flights . ”
Lloyd and Donnette Segner , of Raymond , will celebrate their 50th wedding anniversary with their family Sunday . They were married in 1968 by the Rev . Riley at Raymond United Methodist Church . They are retired after working for 45 years as a hair stylist , which they were a co-owner of Nu Image Hair Fashion . They worked for Segner Construction , the family business , before leaving to be the fire chief of Liberty Township 's fire department . They have two children , Keith ( Amie ) Segner and Kellie ( Mike ) Moffett , and four grandchildren , Klayton and Alyssa Segner and Hanna and Hunter Moffett . They are planning a trip for a later date .
( Photos submitted )
For the full story , Subscribe To Our E-edition .
The newly named executive director of facilities at the University of Indianapolis brings significant experience in managing construction and renovation , operations and maintenance , energy efficiency and sustainability efforts at large-scale campuses .
Layne Maloney assumed the University role on Dec. 1 , 2017 . They lead all construction , operations and maintenance functions for the growing University , home to more than 5,500 undergraduate , graduate and doctoral students . They also are responsible for environmental safety , housekeeping and compliance functions .
As part of its Vision 2030 strategic plan , the University continues to enhance its campus with new residential housing and investments in academic buildings , in addition to investments in the surrounding community that expand the campus life for students .
Founded in 1902 , the University occupies more than 65 acres in a tight-knit neighborhood just minutes from downtown Indianapolis .
“ I am excited to join UIndy and its vibrant , urban campus , ” Maloney said . “ Facilities impact teaching and learning in profound ways . They influence the decisions of incoming students and the overall student experience once they arrive on campus . I look forward to becoming part of the Facilities team that plays such a vital role in the success of the University . ”
Maloney most recently served as director of facilities for the Galen College of Nursing , where they were responsible for strategic planning and operational oversight of campus facilities in Kentucky , Ohio , Florida and Texas . They led capital construction projects , building maintenance and renovation , energy management and sustainability and contracted services .
They previously served as vice president of operations and chief operating officer for Western Michigan University Cooley School of Law in Lansing , Michigan . In that role , they managed more than 1 million square feet of facilities on 100 acres .
In both roles , Maloney successfully managed large-scale , capital improvement projects while cutting costs and improving energy efficiency .
“ We are excited to welcome Layne to our campus community and look forward to their support in achieving the goals of Vision 2030 , ” said Michael Holstein , vice president and chief financial officer .
Maloney is a graduate of Marian University in Indianapolis , where they earned a bachelor 's degree in business administration/management . They are a certified International Facility Management Association ( IFMA ) Facility Management Professional , a certified Lean Six Sigma Green Belt and a member of the IFMA , Building Owners and Managers Association and National Association of College Auxiliary Services .
About the University of Indianapolis
The University of Indianapolis , founded in 1902 , is a private , liberal arts university located just a few minutes from downtown Indianapolis . UIndy is ranked among the top Midwest Universities by the U.S. News and World Report , with a diverse enrollment of more than 5,500 undergraduate , graduate and continuing education students . The University offers a wide variety of study areas , including 109 undergraduate degrees , more than 41 masters degree programs and six doctoral programs . More occupational therapists , physical therapists and clinical psychologists graduate from UIndy each year than any other state institution . With strong programs also in engineering , business , and education , UIndy impacts its community by living its motto , “ Education for Service . ”
LONG BEACH — A 20-year-old Lakewood man freed from their wrecked vehicle by firefighters using heavy equipment has died , the Los Angeles County coroner 's office reported today .
Timothy Johnson , who suffered a fractured hip and pelvis in the crash about 12:30 p.m. on Sept. 11 at the intersection of Cherry Avenue and Carson Street in Long Beach , was alert and made a statement to officers when they were rescued and brought to a hospital , according to the Long Beach Police Department .
The other driver , 19-year-old Gardena resident Guillermo Fajardo-Soto , who was driving a 2004 Hyundai , was treated at the scene and released , although their vehicle sustained major damage , police said .
The preliminary crash investigation revealed the Hyundai was northbound Cherry Avenue and as it passed Carson Avenue , the Saturn driver made an unsafe right turn , directly in the Hyundai 's path , from a parking lot to go north on Cherry , police said .
“ The Hyundai was unable to avoid the Saturn and struck the Saturn on the driver 's side of the vehicle , ” according to a police statement .
Johnson was released from the hospital , but apparently suffered medical complications as a result of the crash and was re-hospitalized . They died at a hospital on Sept. 24 , according to Long Beach police .
“ At this time we are waiting for the coroner 's full report for final determination of the cause of death , ” Long Beach police Sgt . Brad Johnson said .
At Pilot Mountain 's annual planning retreat at the Pilot Center on Thursday , town commissioners , the mayor and town staff met with facilitators from the Department of Commerce to identify goals for the town and a path toward them .
Darren Rhodes and Jeff Emory from NC Department of Commerce put the town board through several hours of brainstorming , starting with a ‘ visioning session . '
Rhodes started the board off with a bit of advice .
“ A vision without a plan is a dream . A plan without a vision is drudgery . But a vision with a plan can transform a town . ”
Asking the board to envision what they wanted Pilot Mountain to look like in 20 years , Rhodes got down to helping the board perform that transformation .
The first round of ideas brought a vision of “ economic prosperity ” from Commissioner Kim Quinn .
Commissioner Linda Needham spoke of “ retail spaces filled with businesses that bring people to town , businesses people want . ”
“ New parks and public spaces , ” said Commissioner Evan Cockerham .
Mayor Dwight Atkins wanted “ an awareness of connection with the park ( Pilot Mountain State Park ) and an identity as “ kind of mountain town . ”
Commissioner Gary Bell said , “ what I see and what I want to see is completely different . I see a ghost town . We 're a small town , less than two square miles . ”
Bell said the town 's identity as a “ home town ” was important , saying , “ using the mountain in our backyard , I 'd like the town to become alive again , with entrepreneurial activity downtown , and commercial activity that brings in visitors and supports residents . ”
Subsequent rounds of ideas finally resulted in enough material for Bell to craft a vision statement .
“ The Piedmont 's mountain town that offers unique experiences for outdoor , entertainment , shopping , the arts — and a hometown feel . A town that is business-friendly with a downtown that has something for everyone , residents and visitors alike . A true destination to be experienced . ”
Rhodes then attempted to guide the board to adopt some goals that would help realize the vision they had just created .
The four goals were :
1 . ) Be proactive in recruiting/supporting businesses .
2 . ) Visitor-friendly — infrastructure ( sidewalks , water/sewer ) improvements and maintenance .
3 . ) Town and mountain associated with each other .
4 . ) Town policy that promotes a small/hometown feel .
The next step was to develop one to two objectives for achieving each goal .
As far as Goal 1 , recruiting and supporting businesses , two objectives were identified ; an incentive policy focusing on jobs , capital investment and desired business types that is rebate-based , and the continued promotion of downtown events and businesses .
Goal 2 , becoming visitor-friendly , resulted in an objective of working with Surry County tourism and development partnerships to make sure visitors are directed to Pilot Mountain .
Discussion of Goal 3 , associating the town with the mountain , centered on finding a way for the town to capitalize on the almost-one-million visitors a year to Pilot Mountain State Park .
“ At some point , we will have to investigate a physical link between the town and the mountain , ” said Mayor Atkins .
A greenway connection was discussed . The beginnings of a route already exist .
Objectives for Goal 4 , town policy that promotes a small/home town feel include starting to implement the streetscape plan that is already in work and continue improvements to sidewalks .
As the retreat neared its end , a bump in the road was hit regarding “ hometown feel . ”
“ Hometown feel — I do n't know what that is , ” said Town Manager Michael Boaz .
“ It feels small because it is small , ” said Mayor Atkins .
Rhodes wound things up , saying , “ All of this stuff is going to take a collective effort , ” and promised to return with a cleaned-up plan based on the input given to them by the board .
Darren Rhodes , NC Department of Commerce , ( left ) , leads a planning retreat with Pilot Mountain town board and staff . https : //www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_IMG_8164.jpg Darren Rhodes , NC Department of Commerce , ( left ) , leads a planning retreat with Pilot Mountain town board and staff . Bill Colvard | The News
By Bill Colvard bcolvard @ MtAiryNews.com
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699 .
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699 .
# BBNaija : Princess releases new seductive photos , looks HOT !
Ex-BBNaija 2018 housemate , Princess has released sultry photos of themselves in a seductive outfit .
In the photos , they have their body spiced up with different paint colours .
The pictures have garnered attention from their fans with flirty comments .
The idea behind these pictures which have kept them in the news remain unknown .
“ Opinions are like colours some are warm , others are cool.but a fine blend of them only makes you more beautiful . Stay true to thyself . PRINCESS THE PRIMA-DONNA ” they captioned the photos .
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post # BBNaija : Princess releases new seductive photos , looks HOT ! appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Search
Nadine Dorries zinger :
“ If Grant Shapps has got 30 people signing their petition then Diane Abbott must be doing the adding up . ”
All or Nothing ? Big Pay Package and Big Goals for Tesla 's Elon Musk
Elon Musk will remain at Tesla Inc. under a 10-year , all-or-nothing pay package that demands massive growth . The agreement , revealed Tuesday in a regulatory filing , requires that Tesla grow in $ 50 billion leaps , to a staggering $ 650 billion market capitalization .
To put those demands in perspective , the electric maker , based in Palo Alto , California , is worth less than $ 60 billion today . Tesla must hit a series of escalating revenue and adjusted profit targets , only after which Musk [ seen here ] would vest stock options worth 1 percent of company shares . They would get no other guaranteed compensation including salary , bonuses or equity `` that vests simply by the passage of time , '' Tesla said .
The pay still needs the approval of Tesla shareholders , who will vote on it at a special meeting in late March . Elon and Kimbal Musk , Elon 's brother , will recuse themselves from the vote .
If the goals are reached , Tesla would be one of the biggest companies in America , and Musk 's wealth would grow exponentially . The $ 650 billion benchmark would make Tesla the fourth-most valuable U.S. company , behind only Apple Inc. , Alphabet Inc. , and Amazon.com Inc. based on current valuations . It would be larger than Microsoft Corp. , and would exceed the current combined valuation of the world 's top eight publicly-traded auto companies .
Tesla 's plan to meet those goals was laid out in 2016 in a document Musk called `` Master Plan , Part Deux . '' Tesla will expand from electric cars and SUVs to trucks -- including a semi tractor-trailer that 's due out in 2019 -- and buses . It will continue to work on autonomous vehicle technology and plans to enter the car-sharing business , letting owners share their cars when they 're not using them and running Tesla-owned fleets in cities . The company , which bought solar panel maker SolarCity Corp. in 2016 , also plans to expand its solar panel and energy storage businesses .
In order to vest shares when milestones are reached , Musk must stay on as CEO or serve as both executive chairperson and chief product officer . That would give Tesla the option of hiring a different CEO in the future . Tesla said while it does n't currently intend for Musk to step away from the CEO role , the terms allow Musk to potentially focus more of their attention on key product and strategic matters .
Musk is also the founder and CEO of rocket maker SpaceX and the co-founder and chairperson of OpenAI , a nonprofit that researches artificial intelligence . They were also the founder of the online payment service PayPal .
Musk has worked under similar all-or-nothing conditions before . Under a 2012 agreement , Musk 's stock options vested only if the Tesla 's market cap continued to rise in $ 4 billion increments . The company also had to hit matching operational milestones , including vehicle production targets and developmental milestones tied to the Model X and Model 3 programs . Tesla wound up reaching all of the market cap milestones and nine of the 10 operational milestones .
When that pay package was created , the company was worth just $ 3.2 billion . Its market cap at the end of last year was 17 times that amount .
Tesla -- which turns 15 this year -- has never earned a full-year profit . It has reported only two profitable quarters since it went public in 2010 .
Each of the four vehicles it has made has faced significant delays and production problems . Its newest vehicle , the lower-cost Model 3 sedan , is no exception . Musk said last summer that Tesla would be making 20,000 Model 3s per month by the end of last year , but Tesla made just 2,425 Model 3s in the fourth quarter . Musk now says Tesla will make 20,000 Model 3s per month at the end of the second quarter .
But that has n't dimmed investors ' appetite for Tesla 's stock . Tesla shares were up 1 percent to $ 355 in morning trading . They 've risen 39 percent over the last year .
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Elon Musk Twitter page .
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
In a major relief for the farmers , the Union cabinet on Wednesday , July 4 , cleared a hike of Rs 200 in the Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) of paddy . In February , the Narendra Modi government had declared that the MSP of 14 notified Kharif crops will be fixed at least 1.5 times higher than the production cost .
The Narendra Modi government on Wednesday , July 4 , approved hike of Rs 200 in the Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) of paddy . The move comes ahead of crucial elections in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh and the general elections due in 2019 . On Tuesday , PM Modi met agricultural Minister Radha Mohan Singh and official of the Niti Ayog , who finalised the perennial move of providing at least 1.5 times of the production cost to the farmers . The MSP for a common grade of paddy was Rs 1,550 per quintal in 2017 .
According to a report by theHindubusinessline , the MSP of paddy has been increased by Rs 200 to Rs 1,750 per quintal . The hike in paddy MSP will surge the food subsidy bill more than Rs 11,000 crore based on procurement figure of the 2016-17 marketing year .
ALSO READ Sugar crisis : With Lok Sabha polls in mind , Centre to announce Rs 8,000 crore package for cane farmers
ALSO READ : BJP celebrates one year of GST , calls it an example of cooperative federalism ; Congress rebukes , says GST a ‘ Grossly Scary Tax '
ALSO READ : Working to double farm income by 2022 , says Prime Minister Narendra Modi
For all the latest National News , download NewsX App
Read More
Home sales were down around Lake Tahoe in the first quarter of 2017 , with overall sales volume dipping 7 percent . The drop was mainly affected by a 13 percent decrease in the sale of homes priced under $ 1 million and was influenced by the severe winter the Lake Tahoe area experienced . The median home price remained steady with a 2 percent increase to $ 529,000 .
The figures are part of a quarterly report released by Tahoe-based real estate agency Chase International . The numbers compare all MLS home sales from Jan. 1 through March 31 to the same time frame in 2016 .
Homes sold for more than $ 1 million were down 5 percent and overall units sold were down 6 percent . Incline Village saw the biggest decreases with a 52 percent fall in volume and 24 percent decline in units sold . Homes sold for more than $ 1 million dropped 23 percent . The median price of a home in Incline Village fell 8 percent to $ 870,000 .
Lawrence Yun , chief economist for the National Association of Realtors , noted that February was the warmest in decades , which played a role in kick starting prospective buyer ' house hunting . The same could not be said for the Tahoe area where the region experienced near-record snowfall .
`` I 'm sure the series of heavy storms had an affect on people 's ability to do any serious house searching , '' said Susan Lowe , corporate vice president for Chase International . `` In the long run though , our winter with abundant snow will be a big positive for the region . ''
Tahoe City saw a 28 percent jump in volume sold , primarily from a 14 percent rise in the median home price ( $ 611,000 ) . The South Shore experienced a 67 percent increase in homes sold for more than a million and the median home price was up 4 percent to $ 412,000 . The East Shore also saw an uptick in homes sold for more than $ 1 million ( 25 percent ) while homes selling for less than a million dropped 31 percent . The median price of a home on the East Shore rose 26 percent to $ 965,000 .
Lake Tahoe 's numbers are essentially in line with regional trends . NAR reported that existing home sales in the West decreased 3.1 percent in February . The median price of home was up 9.6 percent from February 2016 .
The sale of condos around the lake fared much better with significant increases in volume sold . Units sold for more than $ 500,000 was up 80 percent and the median price jumped 17 percent to $ 375,000 .
Sales were down across the board in Truckee , with record-breaking snowfall and severe winter storms hampering buyers ' searches . Volume and units sold were both down , 29 and 18 percent , respectively , while median home price rose 7 percent to $ 709,000 .
This article was provided by Chase International .
Two drivers died in a head-on crash late Monday afternoon on Highway 377 in far western Hood County , according to the Texas Highway Patrol .
Carylane B. Bogan , 59 , of DeCordova , and Robert Earl Buttrey Jr. , 36 , of Stephenville , were pronounced dead at the scene by Justice of the Peace Danny Tuggle .
There were no other passengers in the collision west of Tolar near Campbell Road .
Dub Gillum of the highway patrol said troopers were investigating the cause of the “ horrific ” crash . A third vehicle may have been involved , Gillum said .
Highway 377 traffic is closed , and traffic is being rerouted to Campbell Road . Gillum said 377 is expected to reopen about 10 p.m. Monday .
$ 150K Stolen From MyEtherWallet Users in DNS Server Hijacking
According to MyEtherWallet 's CEO , the issue has been resolved .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Voluntary donations not enough to meet Africa 's blood needs – WHO
The World Health Organisation ( WHO ) says Africa still falls short of meeting its blood needs in spite of increase in the number of donors in the region . Dr Matshidiso Moeti , the WHO Regional Director for Africa , made this known in a statement in Abuja on Wednesday to mark the “ World Blood Donor Day 2017 ” , celebrated annually on June 14 . They said the 2016 report on the status of blood safety and availability in the region revealed that the number of blood donations between 2013 and 2016 increased from 3 .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Letter to the Editor
Bullying prevention needed within Gympie council
THE Bullying prevention and Cyber Safety Presentation organised by Gympie council on March 15 would appear to be a much-needed way to address this growing problem .
One would be impressed by the council instigating this program , were it not for the hard , cold fact that there would appear to be a culture of internal bullying within the current council itself .
Maybe even a flow on to attempt to bully elected councillors .
Despite all veiled threats to ex staff members to prevent details of the appalling treatment getting out to the community , it is indeed surfacing and as a community we are shocked , disappointed and frankly , disgusted .
So we would all applaud this bullying prevention presentation if it were not for the fact that it seems like there are those within the council could do with a good dose of bullying prevention themselves .
Coralie Clune ,
Lower Wonga
Earlier Steerpike reported that Grant Shapps was added to the Tory MPs ' WhatsApp group this morning . Here are a selection of messages to Grant from MPs in the group via WikiGuido 's column in the i tomorrow :
“ I 've added you to this group of colleagues . The summary is WTF and STFU . ”
“ There are fewer signatures on your list than files sent to the CPS after the election campaign you ran as chairperson . ”
“ Do yourself a favour and wind your neck in . ”
“ My constituents are demanding we get our sh * t together . ”
“ Keeping our sh * t together seems the most sensible approach .
“ Totally agree on the sh * t front . ”
KUALA LUMPUR , Malaysia ( AP ) — Henrik Stenson has won in Asia . Just three weeks ago they contributed two points as Europe won the EurAsia Cup .
But he 's never won an individual honor in Asia , a fact he 's out to rectify at the Maybank Championship starting on Thursday .
The Swede has the form to do it .
He 's coming off two top-10 finishes ; eighth at the Abu Dhabi Championship , and a tie for sixth at the Dubai Desert Classic last weekend .
They start the Maybank as the highest-ranked golfer in the field , at No . 12 .
`` I have played a lot in Asia over the years , I have got a strong base in this part of the world and I have been successful , '' Stenson said .
`` Now I would like to get an individual victory in Asia , and this is one of the opportunities . If you got a chance to win a golf tournament anywhere in the world these days , you got to play well , and we 'll see if we can get that going this week . ''
Li Haotong already has it going for the European and Asian Tour event after winning Dubai , where they edged Rory McIlroy by a stroke with a tournament-record score of 23 under . With their second European Tour victory , Li became the first Chinese male to break into the world top 50 ranking .
Former winners in the field at Saujana Golf and Country Club include Lee Westwood , Kiradech Aphibarnrat , and Fabrizio Zanotti .
Zanotti made one of the comebacks of 2017 when they eagled the final hole to overturn a six-stroke deficit to clinch the tournament by one stroke over David Lipsky .
`` It 's not often you defend a title so I am just trying to enjoy the week , '' Zanotti said .
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail :
Country : Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below , I acknowledge and agree to Penton 's Terms of Service and to Penton 's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton 's or its third-party partners ' products , services , events and research opportunities . Penton 's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton 's Privacy Policy .
Kallum Watkins scored 22 points with two tries and seven goals but Leeds were forced to withstand a fierce second-half fightback to complete a perfect Easter with a 42-22 victory over struggling Widnes .
The Rhinos , who won 52-24 at Hull on Good Friday , ran in five first-half tries to lead 30-6 at the break but three unanswered scores from the Vikings set up a tense finale .
Leeds ' sixth win in their last seven games ensured that they stay hard on the heels of Betfred Super League leaders Castleford , albeit the Tigers have a game in hand .
Widnes , still with just one win in their first 10 games , remain rooted to the foot of the table .
It was Leeds first success over their Cheshire rivals in four games between the sides , dating back to February 2015 .
Matt Parcell and Joel Moon also claimed a brace of tries for the Rhinos , while Tom Gilmore grabbed two tries and three goals for the visitors .
Chris King , the first person in the UK to have a double hand transplant , celebrated the success of their operation by clapping their beloved Rhinos onto the pitch and they got off to the perfect start after just five minutes .
Watkins continued their extraordinary run of scoring against Widnes , rising to catch a Danny McGuire cross-field kick and go between the posts - the eighth consecutive match against the Vikings in which they have scored at least one try .
Shortly afterwards fortune favoured the hosts as another , more speculative , McGuire kick bounced back off the upright and into the arms of Parcell , who gratefully strode over to help make it 12-0 .
And only a magnificent tackle to hold up Adam Cuthbertson prevented a third quick-fire Rhinos try but , as Widnes continued to heap more pressure on themselves through handling errors , Moon capitalised by diving over to keep their side scoring at a point a minute .
Gilmore steadied a rocking Vikings ' ship by dummying their way over then converting their own try .
Normal service was soon resumed for the hosts when Ryan Hall was set free down the left before the return pass gave Moon their second try of the game and eighth of the season .
Tom Briscoe then skipped their way down to blindside of some poor defence to score Leeds ' fifth try of the half with stand-in goal kicker Watkins keeping up hs 100 % record with the boot to send the Rhinos in at half-time with a seemingly comfortable 24-point cushion ..
A scrappy start the second period broke the Rhinos ' rhythm and Gilmore converted their second try just before the hour mark to provide the Vikings with some hope .
Chris Houston turned that into possible belief when taking an off-load from Owen Farnworth to score again with 18 minutes left and it was a different ball game with Leeds suddenly under the kosh .
Corey Thompson then scored in the corner and , although Gilmour missed their first conversion in four attempts , the visitors were suddenly only eight points adrift .
But Watkins crashed over for their second try of the game and added the conversion to settle any home nerves before Parcell completed the scoring in the dying seconds .
MUSIC : YMC – Letter To Mary Slessor ( Prod By Strategybeats )
Blackmoon Nation Dou YMC Celebrates their birthday with a emotional tune dedicated to the legendary missionary May Slessor who actually stooped the killing of infant twins in nigeria , the twin singers write a must-read letter to her , for always being there when no one else cared
listen below and comment
https : //www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Ymc_Letter-To-Late-Mary-Slessor-.mp3
Note : There is a file embedded within this post , please visit this post to download the file .
The post MUSIC : YMC – Letter To Mary Slessor ( Prod By Strategybeats ) appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Transcript for London high-rise apartment building becomes deadly towering inferno
Next tonight , to that devastating high-rise fire in London . The death toll is continuing to climb tonight . Flames trapping more than 100 families inside . Many as they slept . And this question , were warning signs ignored ? ABC 's James Longman from London . Reporter : A 24-story building up in flames . Explosions , fireballs , and residents trapped inside . Let me out ! Reporter : This resident streaming live on Facebook . Some seen dropping down makeshift ropes fastened from bed sheets , desperately attempting escape . This guys sending a rope ! Reporter : Others resorting to this -- A lady from what they were saying , I 'm about to throw my baby , please catch the baby . Reporter : The baby survived a nearly ten-story fall , caught by a bystander . There are serious questions being raised tonight about why the fire spread so rapidly and if the fire alarms were working properly . Police say there are 12 victims so far . Residents are complaining that their prior warnings about the building 's safety were ignored . Tonight , fire crews are scouring the building , but at this point it will be to look for bodies . Authorities saying it is very unlikely anyone still missing will have survived . David . James Longman from London , thank you .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Follow Us : by
GILMER–The Upshur County Grand Jury indicted a Longview man and Longview woman June 29 on capital murder charges in connection with the March 29 strangulation death of a woman whose body was found near rural Diana , said Upshur County District Attorney Billy Byrd 's office .
Carlton Lamar Grant , 37 , and Lindsey Jo McFadden , 29 , remained in Upshur County Jail in Gilmer under $ 4 million bond each after being charged with killing Rachel Rhoads , 24 , of Longview .
Bedford police arrested the suspects April 5 in the Fort Worth area , four days after Rhoads ' body was found on Easter Sunday just off a pipeline right-of-way on FM 726 in eastern Upshur County , said authorities . The suspects were transferred to the Gilmer jail April 9 , Byrd 's office said .
The body , found north of Texas 154 ( which is near FM 726 ) , was discovered by persons who were in the area for recreational riding , said Upshur County sheriff 's Chief Deputy David Hazel .
At a press conference which Sheriff Larry Webb and Byrd held soon following the arrests , the district attorney said Grant and McFadden were charged with capital murder because they were accused of killing Rhoads while in the course of committing another felony , which was kidnapping them
Under Texas law , capital murder is punishable only by lethal injection or life imprisonment without pa-role .
Byrd was not immediately available for comment on when the case might be tried .
Cuba is starting an electoral process that is expected to end with President Raul Castro stepping down in February .
The Council of State says in Wednesday 's state media that voting for municipal assemblies will take place on Oct. 22 . It does n't set the date of voting for the country 's parliament , which selects the Council of State and the president . Elections are held every five years .
Castro has said he 'll step down as president in February , although they are expected to remain head of the ruling Communist Party .
Above the municipal level , Cuban elections are choices between candidates preselected by the Cuban Communist Party and related organizations . That guarantees that the country 's nominally representative bodies in practice answer to the president and a small group of high-ranking officials .
Jessica Chastain is in talks to star as the villain in Fox 's X-Men spinoff Dark Phoenix , with Jennifer Lawrence , Michael Fassbender , James McAvoy , Sophie Turner , and Nicholas Hoult all returning to the franchise .
Fox also announced Wednesday that Simon Kinberg is making their directorial debut on the tentpole from their own adaptation . He 's best known for writing and producing films in the franchise , including X-Men : Apocalypse and X-Men : Days of Future Past .
Dark Phoenix will shoot in Montreal . Kinberg is also producing along with Hutch Parker and Lauren Shuler Donner .
Fox announced in April that it was releasing a trio of Marvel movies in 2018 — Deadpool 2 on June 1 , 2018 ; X-Men spinoff The New Mutants , which opens April 13 , 2018 ; and Dark Phoenix for Nov. 2 , 2018 .
Dark Phoenix centers on the telepathic Jean Grey , played by Turner , and the much-feared Phoenix force . The story originated in the 1976-77 comic book series Uncanny X-Men when Grey is exposed to deadly radiation after returning from a mission in space . Chastain would play Lilandra , who heads an alien empire called the Shi'ar .
Chastain starred in the World War II drama The Zookeeper 's Wife and has completed filming on Aaron Sorkin 's Molly 's Game .
They are repped by CAA , Mosaic , and Hansen Jacobson .
From The Trussville Tribune staff reports
TRUSSVILLE –Motorists should expect delays on North Chalkville Road this week as Jefferson County road crews work to improve drainage in the area near Snake Hill Road .
Mayor Buddy Choat urged drivers to seek an alternate route and exercise caution around the road work , which county commissioner Joe Knight said could take several days .
“ They 'll be excavating the ditch and installing a drainage pipe for storm water , ” Knight said . “ We 'll cover the pipe and fill the ditch , which will make the road much safer . ”
Knight said workers may find it necessary to close one lane for extended periods of time over the next several days while they complete the project . Any closures would begin after morning rush hour and school traffic with plans to open both lanes before the afternoon rush hour .
Drivers going south on Chalkville Road can take Valley Road until it turns into Linden Street and take a right onto Highland Avenue to reach U.S. Highway 11 south of downtown .
Drivers can also detour around the work by taking Green Drive to Trussville-Clay Road and turning right to get back to North Chalkville Road south of the construction area .
Nigeria 's disease control agency says its winning Lassa fever war
A new report issued by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control ( NCDC ) seems to suggest that the country is turning the corner on the scourge of Lassa fever as it has recorded the lowest number of cases in the last seven days since the beginning of the outbreak .
After more than 100 deaths and almost 416+ confirmed infections , Nigeria in April recorded a sharp decline in the spread of Lassa fever .
“ Only one new confirmed case with no new death of Lassa fever was reported in the Edo state in the reporting Week 16 ( April 16-22 , 2018 ) .
“ This is the lowest weekly case count since the first week of January 2018 , ” the NCDC said in its situation report released Tuesday .
The report stated that from 1st January to 22nd April 2018 , a total of 1865 suspected cases have been reported from 21 states . Of these , 416+ were confirmed positive , 9 are probable , 1439 are negative ( not a case ) and 1 are awaiting laboratory results ( pending ) .
This year 's epidemic is Nigeria 's largest on record , with confirmed cases in January and February alone exceeding the total number reported in the whole of 2017 .
“ Since the onset of the 2018 outbreak , there have been 105 deaths in confirmed cases , 9 in probable cases . Case Fatality Rate in confirmed cases is 25.2 per cent , ” say the report .
Lassa fever is an acute viral haemorrhagic illness , transmitted to humans through contact with food or household items contaminated by infected rodents . Person-to-person transmission can also occur , particularly in hospital environment in the absence of adequate infection control measures .
The agency further disclosed that at least one confirmed case have been recorded in Edo , Ondo , Bauchi , Nasarawa , Ebonyi , Anambra , Benue , Kogi , Imo , Plateau , Lagos , Taraba , Delta , Osun , Rivers , FCT , Gombe , Ekiti , Kaduna , Abia and Adamawa making it twenty – one states across 70 Local Government Areas .
“ In the reporting week 16 , one new healthcare worker was infected in a private health facility in Edo state. ” Thirty-seven health care workers have been affected since the onset of the outbreak in eight states Ebonyi ( sixteen ) , Edo ( twelve ) , Ondo ( three ) , Kogi ( two ) , Benue ( one ) , Nasarawa ( one ) , Taraba ( one ) , and Abia ( one ) with eight deaths in Ebonyi ( six ) , Kogi ( one ) and Abia ( one ) .
“ 81 per cent of all confirmed cases are from Edo ( 42 per cent ) Ondo ( 23 per cent ) and Ebonyi ( 16 per cent ) states ; and that three cases are currently being managed in treatment centres in Edo state . The lowest since the beginning of the outbreak , ” say the report .
The agency noted that a total of 4906 contacts have been identified from 21 states . Of these 420 ( 8.6 per cent ) are currently being followed up , 4476 ( 91.2 per cent ) have completed 21 days follow up while 7 ( 0.2 per cent ) were lost follow up . 78 symptomatic contacts have been identified , of which 28 ( 36 per cent ) have tested positive from five states ( Edo-13 , Ondo-8 , Ebonyi-3 , Kogi -3 and Bauchi-1 ) .
“ National Lassa fever multi-partner multi-agency Emergency Operations Centre ( EOC ) continues to coordinate the response activities at all levels , however response has been de-escalated due to continued decline of cases over the past 9 weeks , ” the report stated .
ANTHONIA OBOKOH
The post Nigeria 's disease control agency says its winning Lassa fever war appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
“ This world , which was lost to this jungle , is all of a sudden revealed in the data , ” said Albert Yu-Min Lin , an engineer and National Geographic explorer who worked on the television special . “ And what you thought was this massively understood , studied civilization is all of a sudden brand new again . ”
The lasers are only the first step , they added , noting that they and archaeologists still had to trek through jungles to verify the data while contending with thick undergrowth , poisonous snakes , swarms of killer bees and the odd scorpion .
Photo
The project was started by Pacunam , a Guatemalan nonprofit organization , and carried out with help from the National Center for Airborne Laser Mapping , which is based at the University of Houston . The lidar technology essentially allows researchers to spot bumps in the landscape . Most of the ruins look like rocky mounds — even in person , and to the naked eye — but experts can often identify a collapsed quarry , palace or street .
The Maya culture was known for its sophisticated approach to agriculture , arts and astronomy . The peak era for the civilization , which some archaeologists refer to as the Classic Period , is generally considered to have lasted from around A.D. 250 to 900 .
The total population at that time was once estimated to be a few million , said Diane Davies , an archaeologist and Maya specialist based in the United Kingdom . But in light of the new lidar data , they said it could now be closer to 10 million .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Dr. Davies was not involved in the lidar project but considered it “ really big , sensational news. ” They said the data should encourage people not only to re-evaluate Maya civilization , but also to learn from it .
“ To have such a large number of people living at such a high level for such a long period of time , it really proves the fact that these people were highly developed , and also quite environmentally conscientious , ” they said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Among the structures uncovered were roads , built wide and raised high above the wetlands to connect fields to farmers and markets to metropolises . There were also small dwellings , quarries and intricate irrigation systems . “ We 're seeing the spaces in between , and that 's where really interesting stuff was happening , ” Dr. Garrison said .
They added that in addition to changing people 's perception of the Maya culture , lidar represented “ a sea change ” in the field of archaeology .
“ I do n't think you see a lot of discoveries happening across the sciences right now that sort of turn a discipline on its head , ” they said . “ It 's exciting to know that it can still happen . ”
ZEPHYRHILLS , Fla. ( AP ) — A man is accused of hitting another man with a machete during a road-rage incident in Florida .
A Zephyrhills police report says 34-year-old Jonathan Bailey was arrested Tuesday night outside a Wal-Mart store .
The Tampa Bay Times reports that Bailey pulled their car up beside the victim 's vehicle and `` swung a sword , '' cutting the man 's hand .
The victim told officers the incident happened because they had cut Bailey off in traffic earlier . Bailey told police they used a machete but only because the other driver was following him .
Bailey was charged with aggravated battery with a deadly weapon and remained in jail Wednesday on a $ 10,000 bond . A lawyer was n't listed in jail records .
The victim had a cut on their hand between their thumb and index finger .
US Retail Sales Drop 0.3 % , The Biggest Drop in 16 Months
by Rashad Snell
Americans cut spending at gasoline stations , department stores and electronics shops in May as retail sales registered their biggest drop in 16 months , a cautionary sign for the economy .
The Commerce Department says retail sales dropped 0.3 percent last month , the first decline since February and the sharpest since a 1 percent decrease in January 2016 . Economists had expected sales to increase slightly last month after rising 0.4 percent in April .
Sales sank 2.8 percent at electronics stores , 2.4 percent at gasoline stations and 1 percent at department stores , which have struggled with competition from online retailers .
Economists have said they think consumer spending , which accounts for about 70 percent of U.S. economic activity , will pick up in the spring and summer after a slow start to 2017 .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Research Indicates 20 % of Financial Institutions Plan to Trade Crypto
According to a survey by Thomson Reuters , one in five financial institutions are thinking about trading digital currencies at some point over the next year . Despite the lull in prices so far in 2018 , it appears that many are seeing opportunity thanks to the volatility associated with the space .
Is This the Beginning of Institutions Taking Public Positions in Crypto ?
The survey published today was put to over 400 of Thomson Reuters Corp 's clients . These included asset managers , hedge funds , and trading desks associated with the world 's largest banks . Twenty percent of those asked indicated that they had thought about buying and selling digital assets at some point in the next twelve months .
The co-head of trading at Thomson Reuters , Neil Penney , spoke to Business Insider earlier today about the pending rise in institutional investment in digital assets :
“ Cryptocurrency is still a relatively small part of the trading market , but this survey makes clear this niche segment is starting to enter the mainstream of the financial services industry . This is a major change from a year ago . ”
Unfortunately , today 's survey was the first of its kind by Thomson Reuters . As such , there are no such figures to help determine the change in institutional interest in digital currencies over the last twelve months .
Many crypto analysts had wrongly assumed that the launch of the CME and CBOE Bitcoin futures markets last December would signal an influx of money from traditional investment sectors . However , these particular financial products have not proved nearly as popular as some had hoped .
This has n't dampened enthusiasm for cryptocurrency trading too much , however . Of the 20 % of survey respondents who affirmed that they were considering trading digital currencies in the next twelve months , over two thirds of them said they were planning on entering the market in the next three to six months .
Financial regulators have begun to clean up the space of fraudulent companies and blatant scams and it is this maturing market , along with the dramatic volatility and potentially limitless upside potential of certain crypto projects , that is currently attracting such institutional interest to trading digital currencies .
Already this week , we 've reported about Goldman Sachs ' new appointment of Justin Schmidt to their cryptocurrency markets unit . This highlights a very real commitment to helping their clients get the exposure to digital assets that they 're obviously seeking . It appears from the Thomson Reuters survey this week that many more will follow Goldman 's lead in the coming months .
Image from Shutterstock .
The post Research Indicates 20 % of Financial Institutions Plan to Trade Crypto appeared first on NewsBTC .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from NewsBTC . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Wide Bay MP Llew O'Brien is `` disappointed ” there was no funding for the upgrade to the Bruce Hwy/Wide Bay Hwy intersection .
WIDE Bay MP Llew O'Brien said they are disappointed with a State Budget which they say has little money for Gympie and lacks funding to fix a `` death trap '' .
While Mr O'Brien welcomed funding for projects in towns in the region , they were dismayed there was no direct funding for the Wide Bay Hwy/ Bruce Hwy intersection upgrade .
`` What 's concerning for me is that where I was hoping to see a commitment of a couple million dollars towards the Wide Bay Hwy/ Bruce Hwy intersection upgrade , there 's none , '' they said .
They said it would be up to Gympie MP Tony Perrett to `` demand '' the money for a road upgrade .
`` That 's an intersection that is a barrier to the economy locally , but it 's also a death trap , '' they said .
`` I know Tony 's very passionate about getting it upgraded as I am . ''
Overall , Mr O'Brien decried the lack of new projects in the Budget , with most having been announced a while ago .
RELATED : Our 'big fat nothing ' : Perrett 's take on state budget
`` I think in terms of putting together a document with a lot of big numbers in it they 've probably succeeded in doing that , '' they said .
`` But when you dig down on the detail there 's not much new money for Gympie . ''
They were pleased to see funding such as $ 900,000 for the fire and rescue station upgrade at Kilkivan .
`` Little towns like Kilkivan and Goomeri and the like certainly need their service to provide those services maintained , and I certainly welcome any funding that connected to that , '' they said .
Gympie Mayor Mick Curran was agreed the Budget was `` pretty tame '' for the region specifically .
`` The overall Budget seems to indicate its a budget for job growth right across Queensland , '' Cr Curran said .
They were happy to see the continuance of the Works for Queensland program , with funding for projects including the Rattler revitalisation , the Imbil lookout upgrade and the Mary River Walk .
They said the council wanted construction to start earlier , but welcomed funding which would allow regional projects such as the Curra Hall upgrade to start .
`` We had a bid in for these funds and are thankful to have received it , '' they said .
Regarding funding for the Wide Bay Hwy/Bruce Hwy upgrade , they said that funding would come from Transport and Main Roads budgets , without having a specific line in the State Budget .
`` It 's my understanding that money , because it 's been allocated by the Federal Government , the 20 % component from the state will follow as a matter of course , '' they said .
A bit bizarre hearing these right-wing calls for a “ Barista Visa ” . God forbid the idea of waiting longer in the morning for their posh coffee . — Andy Burnham ( @ andyburnhammp ) April 17 , 2017
Our Andy , who only ever drinks cold Bisto , is letting those southern softies on Twitter know what they think about their “ posh coffee ” . You 'd never catch Burnham drinking overpriced la-di-da beverages from a high street chain . Never . Anyway , here 's a photo they tweeted two days ago :
Liquidised chips ? Or was it a Moroccan mint tea…
UPDATE : Was n't long ago Andy was calling for posh coffee shops to expand…
Chicken Inn register fourth straight win
Chronicle
A late first half tactical substitution by Chicken Inn turned the direction of the game into their favour as they went on to grind a fourth straight win in a Castle Lager Premiership against ZPC Kariba at Luveve Stadium yesterday . Despite taking a …
and more »
Modest Growth Expected for Health Care IT
Nicholas Jansen joined Raymond James & Associates , Inc. , in June 2006 as part of the health care research team focusing primarily on the services space , becoming an Analyst in 2011 . During their time at the firm , their coverage broadened to encompass the pharma distribution channel , and their primary coverage responsibility now includes clinical laboratories , the human and veterinary diagnostics field , and health care information technology . Mr. Jansen has been recognized in the StarMine survey for estimate accuracy . They graduated from the University of Florida with a M.S . in finance , with undergraduate degrees in finance and economics as well . Profile
Mr. Jansen : Right now I cover three subsegments : health care information technology stocks , the clinical laboratories and diagnostics , and
CBS Local — As the government continues to crack down on tobacco products , more and more states are easing up on marijuana laws . One biologist is now saying those policies are misguided after finding that secondhand smoke from marijuana users may be just as deadly as cigarette smoke .
According to Matthew Springer , a professor at the University of California , San Francisco , marijuana smoke is three times worse for the arterial walls than cigarette smoke . In a study conducted with mice , secondhand smoke from tobacco was found to hinder the expanding of arteries for 30 minutes before the body recovers . Mice exposed to marijuana smoke had their arteries impaired for 90 minutes before returning to normal .
“ People think cannabis is fine because it 's ‘ natural . ' I hear this a lot . I do n't know what it means , ” Springer told NPR . Health officials warn that smokers could permanently damage their arteries through constant smoking , which can lead to blood clots , heart attacks , or a stroke .
“ We in the public health community have been telling them for decades to avoid inhaling secondhand smoke from tobacco , ” Springer added . “ We have not been telling them to avoid inhaling secondhand smoke from marijuana… it 's because we just have n't known . The experiments have n't been done . ”
According to the CDC , smoke from cigarettes contains over 7,000 chemicals ; at least 70 of which have been found to cause cancer . Although the CDC 's report also focused on tobacco-based smoke , the agency wrote that “ there is no risk-free level of exposure to secondhand smoke . ”
Country Line dancing class every Thursday at Westbound Bar located on Station St . The class is FREE . 21 and up only . Followed by the Total Request Country dance party .
Getty Image
The Cavaliers are still trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together . They 've gone 9-7 since blowing up their team at the trade deadline , putting them at risk of entering the playoffs without homecourt advantage in the first round for the first time since LeBron James returned to Cleveland in 2014 . There have been games when they 've looked like the best team in the Eastern Conference again , but recent losses to the 76ers , Nuggets , Clippers and Lakers served as a sobering reminder of how much further they have to go if they hope to return to the NBA Finals .
However , there is one thing that 's for certain . As inconsistent as George Hill , Rodney Hood and Jordan Clarkson have been over the last five weeks , Larry Nance Jr. has been everything the Cavaliers could 've ever hoped for and more .
The Cavaliers have been 16.4 points per 100 possessions better with Nance on the court since they made their debut on Feb. 11 . As noisy at that stat can be — it 's a small sample size that does n't give any insight into their role on the team and fails to account for the fact that Nance rarely plays without the most dominant player in the world — it 's a testament to how big of a need there was for their skill set . He 's not the offensive player Kevin Love is or the defensive player Tristan Thompson is when healthy , but Nance does enough on both ends of the court to make a positive impact at the center position , where they have logged practically all of their minutes with the Cavaliers .
On offense , Nance sticks to their strengths . Outside of the occasional midrange jumper , they focus on setting hard screens , making themselves as big of a target as possible on rolls to the basket and attacks the offensive glass for second chance opportunities . It makes them highly dependent on their teammates to create scoring opportunities for them — only 13 of their baskets have been unassisted in a Cavaliers uniform and most of those have come in the form of putbacks — but it makes the Cavaliers almost unstoppable offensively when he 's surrounded by the right players .
PISCATAWAY , N.J. -- Purdue takes its school-record and nation-best 18-game win streak to Rutgers on Saturday , a school the No . 3 Boilermakers have enjoyed recent success against .
The Boilermakers have n't lost since Nov. 23 , when they dropped a 77-73 decision to Western Kentucky . Purdue has scored at least 70 points in 16 straight games .
Purdue ( 22-2 , 11-0 Big Ten ) leads the series with Rutgers ( 12-12 , 2-9 ) 9-1 , having won seven games in a row . Purdue is 5-0 against the Scarlet Knights as members of the Big Ten Conference and has won all five games by at least seven points , including three straight by an average of 33.3 points .
A win Saturday would give Purdue eight straight wins against Rutgers , which would be the third-longest win streak against an active opponent .
Three Boilermakers are within reach of scoring milestones . Isaac Haas needs three points for 1,400 in their career . Vincent Edwards needs three points for 1,500 and Dakota Mathias is 10 points short of 1,000 for their career . They would be the 52nd Purdue player to achieve that mark .
Edwards and Haas combine to average 30.2 points and 13.2 rebounds per game .
`` It 's a lot of fun to see them ( Haas ) get double-teamed and see my man leave me and I 'm literally right there standing at the basket , '' Edwards told the Journal and Courier . `` That 's the best part . ''
`` This year it 's more understanding they 're not going to take the ball from me , because as soon as I see it I 'm just going to put the clamps on it and they 're not going to take it from me , '' Haas said .
`` They 're either going to foul me , or I 'm going to find the open guy or I 'm going to dribble away from it and then find the open guy -- drag them a little bit further away . It 's understanding as long as I become patient and do n't get rushed by the trap I should be fine . ''
Tyler Duncan follows their approach shot from the fairway to the 10th green of the Silverado Resort North Course during the second round of the Safeway Open PGA golf tournament Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , in Napa , Calif. ( AP Photo/Eric Risberg )
NAPA , Calif. ( AP ) — Tyler Duncan chipped in from the fringe for eagle on the par-5 18th hole Friday to take the second-round lead in the season-opening Safeway Open .
Making their second career PGA Tour start , Duncan shot a 6-under 66 for a one-stroke lead over defending champion Brendan Steele at Silverado Resort and Spa .
Duncan , the Web.com Tour graduate who shared the first-round lead with Steele and Tom Hoge , also had seven birdies and three bogeys to reach 13-under 131 .
`` It 's crazy , it 's nothing I could have ever dreamed of , '' said Duncan , whose only other PGA Tour event was as a regional qualifier in the 2015 U.S. Open . `` I do n't think it 's sunk in yet , to be honest . It 's something I 've dreamed about for a long time . I 'm just happy to be playing here and to be in the lead is something special . ''
Steele had six birdies and a bogey in a 67 . He 's 30 under is their past six rounds in the event .
`` It was really a solid day , very similar to yesterday , '' Steele said . `` I hit a lot of good shots , rolled and a lot of good putts and was able to watch Chesson go crazy . ''
Chesson Hadley , who began the second round seven shots behind the leaders , broke the course record with a career-best 61 to get within two strokes . They parred the final two holes .
`` It 's just one of those days everything was going my way , '' said Hadley , the 2014 Puerto Rico Open winner who regained their tour card through the Web.com Tour . `` I was hitting great shots , good putts and got some good breaks . When you get that of momentum , things just go your way .
They had an eagle , 10 birdies and a bogey . Their previous career best was a 64 in the opening round of the 2015 AT & T Pebble Beach Pro-Am .
Zac Blair ( 66 ) and Tony Finau ( 65 ) were 9 under , and Graham DeLaet ( 67 ) and Brian Davis ( 66 ) were another stroke back .
`` I just had a lot of good looks , '' said Blair , who does n't have a bogey through 36 holes . `` I made 17 greens out there , left myself in some good spots , made a few of them and it was just kind of easy out there . ''
Emiliano Grillo , who won the event two years ago , was 7 under after a 70
Phil Mickelson , seeking their first win in since 2013 , shot their second 69 to reach 6 under .
`` I expected to score a little bit better today , but I had some good chances today , '' said Mickelson , who had six birdies , one bogey and a double bogey . `` I drove it a lot better , I hit quite a few more fairways and gave myself some good birdie chances . But I let a few opportunities slide . ''
Mickelson , playing in their 91st PGA Tour event since their last win , finished eighth in the tournament last year and has six straight rounds in the 60s at Silverado .
`` A low round is out there , '' said Mickelson , who birdied three straight holes after double-bogeying the 14th — their fifth hole of the day . `` I feel like I 'm getting close to it . ''
John Daly , the two-time major winner who in May won their first PGA Tour Champions title and is playing via a sponsor exemption , birdied the 18th for second-round 69 to make the 1-under cut at 143 . Daly had missed the cuts in their past 12 PGA Tour events .
Listen at WEAA Live Stream : http : //amber.streamguys.com.4020/live.m3u
The so-called opioid epidemic in Maryland is literally overwhelming the State Medical Examiner 's officer , according to a recent report , which could cause the office to lose accreditation . We 'll have a full report , including insights from Israel Cason , founder of , “ I Ca n't , We Can , ” the addiction recovery facility .
These stories and much more on AFRO 's First Edition with Sean Yoes , Monday through Friday , 5-7 p.m .
In Germany this year , the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation . Today , as the number of churchgoers dwindles , the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person .
In the eastern city of Magdeburg , the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine .
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon , most fumble around in handbags and pockets , looking for their cellphones .
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening , these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books .
This is a Twitter service , where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online .
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it 's an experiment . They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers , even in today 's increasingly secular society .
`` There are lots of people who live online , '' they say . `` We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that 's comfortable to them . ''
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern , a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon . Above them , a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which , in real time , shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany .
`` Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers , '' Reimann says . `` So if you use social media , it 's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church , but Christians communicating among each other . ''
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on , embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants .
Five-hundred years ago , when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church , it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to `` go viral . ''
Luther 's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets . Cheap to produce and easy to distribute , these pamphlets fostered public debate .
Ulrike Zitzlsperger , a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England , says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther 's day .
`` I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong , '' Zitzlsperger says . `` You 've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public , the lay people . Everybody has a say . ''
Luther 's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own . These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy .
Today though , it 's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe .
Back in Magdeburg , the Twitter service is in full swing . Messages from around Germany , where dozens of others participated , are displayed on the church 's interactive screen in front of the altar .
Some posts are encouraging , like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German , `` We all make mistakes . God will show us the right way . ''
Some users share their private prayers , like one who posts : `` I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health . ''
Other users are less convinced . `` Sorry , this is too hectic , '' one writes . `` I go to church to find inner peace . I 'm signing off . ''
It 's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner , who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over . Brunner does n't own a smartphone , so they feel somewhat left out .
`` It was certainly interesting , but it 's not my cup of tea '' Brunner admits . `` I 'm a little old for Twitter . I prefer a proper service , when we get to sing hymns . ''
While Brunner says she 's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout , regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet .
After all , congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
CHICAGO ( AP ) — The Latest on an appeals court decision not to toss the corruption case against former U.S. House Rep. Aaron Schock ( all times local ) :
3:05 p.m .
Former U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock 's attorney says they are `` disappointed '' that an appeals court refused to dismiss the corruption charges against the Republican from central Illinois .
George Terwilliger said in a statement that Wednesday 's decision by the 7th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago `` is not consistent '' with decisions by other courts that examined similar cases .
The 7th Circuit said it does n't believe appellate courts have authority to address the kinds of constitutional issues at the core of Schock 's appeal before a trial takes place . Schock argued that prosecutors violated constitutional separation-of-powers clauses by relying too much on rules the U.S. House drew up for its members .
Schock 's attorney says they are `` evaluating '' options about further appeals . A trial date for Schock has n't been set .
___
1 p.m .
An appeals court has refused to toss corruption charges against former U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock , saying it ca n't assess whether their prosecution violated constitutional separation-of-powers clauses until after they go to trial .
The 7th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago says in its unanimous ruling Wednesday that it does n't believe appellate courts have the authority to address such questions until after a verdict . No date has been set for the 36-year-old Schock 's trial on 22 corruption counts .
The Republican from the central Illinois city of Peoria was indicted in 2016 on charges of misusing funds . They resigned in 2015 amid scrutiny of their spending , including to redecorate their Capitol Hill office in the style of the TV show `` Downton Abbey . ''
A Schock spokesperson did n't have an immediate comment .
Do n't accept back pain as you would accept grey hair on the head !
It is very common nowadays for most elderly people to link ageing with back pain . A man found it difficult to coerce their 68 years father , who had prolonged pain in the lower back to attend a health facility for attention . They would say : “ My son , do n't bother yourself about my back problem ; it has been with me for decades and as I become older , I get more and more disabled , which accompanies the pain . It is the reward of old age . ”
Another had this to say : “ My father and mother suffered this pain in the back for more than 20 years and they all died with it ; so my case should not be different at my 70s .
“ Back pain is a price I know I have to pay for ageing . My father had it which made them to even bend over like the letter ‘ C ' and it was never a major complaint while they lived . Their complaint mostly was frequent urination . ”
Common back pain may metamorphose from acute to disabling chronic stage and when this occurs the victim gradually assumes a habitual poor posture , which bent towards the pain-free side ( scoliosis ) , a reflex reaction to avoid pain on the opposite side of the body . This could bring about structural changes in the joints of the spine if allowed to persist . Also , excessive wear will occur resulting in premature ageing in the joints .
Those of us who allow poor postures to persist throughout our lifetime become bent and stooped as the ageing process develops . When called to straighten and stand erect , we are unable to comply our mobility is now impaired and we are considered by others to be affected by normal ageing process . Most deformities in the elderly people and even the younger ones are the visible effects of poor postural habit or persistent back pain that was not properly addressed earlier .
There are secondary and sometimes severe consequences when their effects are transmitted to our body organs . Organs such as the lungs are constricted and breathing is affected . Stomach and other internal organs are deprived of their proper support . Furthermore , there could be interference with bowel movement , urine control and even penile erection !
Really , bones and disks in our spines can degenerate over time , causing stiffness and soreness . To be candid , in my years of practice as a physiotherapist , coupled with my postgraduate experience in Human Kinetics , back pain really does n't need to be an inevitable part of aging if one takes the right lifestyle approach.Top of ForBottom of Form
Nearly all of us experience back pain sometime in our lives , and the list of possible back pain causes is long — poor posture , being overweight , smoking , poor eating habits , spinal diseases , and other health conditions , including cancer . And then there 's the number-one back pain cause , which is aging , brought about by just normal wear and tear .
What is causing the pain ? Your spine consists of individual bones called vertebrae , which are stacked one on top of the other . Between each vertebra are small joints that allow your spine to move and discs with jelly-like centres that act as shock absorbers and prevent your bones from rubbing against each other .
As we age , the discs between the vertebrae wear away and shrink , which causes pain and stiffness as the bones start to rub against each other . In addition , the space around our spinal cord narrows over time . This condition , known as spinal stenosis , also puts pressure on the cord and spinal nerves , causing pain .
If you overdo it , you may feel muscle soreness in your lower back . Should you break a bone or experience whiplash during your lifetime , you can accelerate a type of arthritis that can cause back or neck pain ,
While disc degeneration and spinal stenosis are most commonly seen in older patients , they are becoming younger persons ' problems , too . So many more young people — people in their 20s and 30s — who , if you x-rayed their spines , would show some level of arthritis or degenerative changes . The reason is that more people , including children , are seriously overweight and have diabetes , which can create an inflammatory process in the entire body that results in neck and back pain .
If your back pain cause can be determined , the pain can be treated in three ways — with medications , especially when it is caused by infections or inflammation , physiotherapy could be applied for mechanical or non-specific back pain and surgery , used when the preceding ones fail and could be , either singly or in combination .
To keep your back from hurting as you age , it 's very important to have good posture when you stand or sit , maintain a healthy weight , eat a good diet with needed nutrients for joint and bone health , exercise to keep your back and abdomen strong and flexible , and reduce stress . Indeed People with healthy habits can age better .
If you do experience back pain , even if you think the cause is aging , do n't ignore it . It could be a sign of a serious , but treatable disease . You do n't have to live with back pain , no matter what your age . Talk to your doctor for a referral to reputable physiotherapy outfit and see what can be done to provide back pain relief .
Lest I forget , the back pain care foundation shall , as their corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) , conduct a three-day free treatment ( physiotherapy ) for neck pain , mid-back pain and lower back pain sufferers in Abuja , next month .
This post was syndicated from The Sun News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Trump administration said Tuesday that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a dramatic shift from former President Barack Obama , who said they saw no alternative .
Speaking to reporters ahead of President Donald Trump 's meeting Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , a senior White House official said Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hoping to bring them together soon .
But the official , who was not authorized to speak publicly on the meeting beforehand , said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail — and that peace , not a two-state solution , is the goal .
For decades , the U.S. position has been that Israelis and Palestinians must work through direct negotiations to establish two states living side by side , with Palestinians to ultimately create an independent state . All serious peace negotiations in that have time have assumed that the two-state solution was the basis for future peace .
During their final White House news conference , Obama warned that the moment for a two-state solution `` may be passing '' and said the `` status quo is unsustainable . ''
It was not clear if the White House had intended to declare a major shift in policy during the hastily arranged briefing Tuesday night .
Netanyahu is scheduled to meet with Trump at the White House Wednesday . The two leaders will hold a joint press conference before convening for meetings and a working lunch . The prime minister will then head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle , including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer .
Trump takes pride in their deal-making skills and said during their campaign that he 'd love the challenge of negotiating a Mideast agreement . They have appointed their son-in-law , Jared Kushner , to lead the effort .
The official said the visit was meant to mark a new , closer relationship between Israel and the United States , which grew strained during the Obama years .
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts as well as expanded Israeli settlements , Iran and Trump 's campaign pledge to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem .
The latter would signal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , a move that would infuriate Palestinians . They claim the eastern sector of the city , captured by Israel in 1967 , as their capital .
American presidents have long struck a delicate balance addressing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , stressing the close U.S. friendship and lavishing the Jewish state with aid . But recent presidents also have tried to negotiate , and they have called out Israel for actions seen as undermining peace efforts , such as expanding settlements in the occupied West Bank .
Trump told The Associated Press during their campaign that they wanted to be `` very neutral '' and try to get both sides together . But their tone became decidedly more pro-Israel as the campaign progressed . They have spoken disparagingly of Palestinians , saying they have been `` taken over '' by or are condoning militant groups . Some of their top aides challenge the legitimacy of Palestinian demands for a state .
After repeatedly clashing with Obama for eight years , capped by a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements , Netanyahu seemed relieved by Trump 's arrival . Trump slammed the U.S. decision to abstain from the U.N. vote , saying in December that Israel is being treated `` very , very unfairly . ''
Now in office , however , Trump has been forced to reevaluate and revisit their position on a number of issues — including those relating to Israel .
After initially greeting Israel 's settlement announcements with a shrug , Trump appears to be having second thoughts . In an interview with a pro-Netanyahu Israeli daily Friday , Trump said , `` I am not somebody that believes that going forward with these settlements is a good thing for peace . ''
While the meeting is expected to be much warmer than Netanyahu 's famously tense encounters with Obama , the Israeli leader will still need to tread with caution on sensitive issues like Israeli settlement construction , Iran and the war in Syria .
I 'm a bit of a masochist in that I like to make things harder for myself than they should be . As difficult as it is to get paid for writing these days , I 've made the task even tougher for myself by limiting my subject matter to Iran . And , as if that were n't enough , I steer clear of politics ( I 'm just not interested ) and focus solely on arts and culture .
But thanks to the White House 's belligerent orange-hued resident , the load on my scrawny shoulders has lightened . Somewhat .
During the run-up to the presidential election , I , as a writer , was tearing my hair out in frustration . Trump , Trump , Trump , Trump , Trump . Is n't there anything else these guys are interested in ? I would think to myself . Before I hurled my MacBook off my balcony , however , things started changing .
One morning , I received an email from the editor of Columbia University 's Columbia Journal asking me to guest-edit its 2016 election feature . The gig sounded interesting , and I accepted . During my stint there , I received scores of articles , prose pieces and poems dealing with Donald Trump , many of which also dealt with immigrants and — my favorite subject — Iran . I saw that , by dint of Trump 's presence in our pieces , readers were willing to listen to what the journal 's contributors had to say . If it 's going to take The Donald to get certain people to read about Persian poet Hafez , I thought to myself , so be it !
After Trump 's election , and , in particular , the president 's travel ban , everything changed . In terms of my own endeavors , they did for the better . Interest in Iran , one of the countries targeted by Trump 's ban , has been renewed . As a writer dedicated to promoting Iranian culture , stories I pitched ages ago have now , because of Trump , become more relevant than ever . “ Highlight why this is important in light of Trump and the travel ban , ” I 'm often told by editors these days . In the past few months , readers of prestigious publications have come across pieces dealing with the profound influence and legacy of Iranian culture in what we so often take for granted as “ Western ” civilization .
Other Iranian creatives should take note . While there is certainly much to be angry about as an Iranian in the world today , there are also huge opportunities to be seized . In my experience and that of heavyweights in the realms of visual art and cinema , those critiquing Trump are now looking to highlight Iranian culture and provide outlets for people like me to finally tell things like they really are .
Therefore , to my fellow Iranian creatives ( artists , writers , directors , whatever ) in America and elsewhere : Instead of tearing your hair out like I once did , and tossing every expletive under the sun at Trump , think of this as your long-overdue time . Indeed , our time may truly have come . When else have we witnessed such interest in our beloved homeland in America and elsewhere in the West as now ? Today , more than ever before in recent history , the world is thirsting to hear what we have to say .
This is our chance to tell them the truth about a much-maligned and misunderstood nation , so long perceived as the antithesis of all that is good and holy .
Mr. Trump — on behalf of all lovers of Iran everywhere — thank you .
From PRI 's The World ©2017 PRI
Freed -- or rather , soon to be separated -- from the family companies , current CEO of 21st Century Fox James Murdoch practically burst into song at the Code 2018 media conflab on Wednesday .
The man who was once in line to be king , who brought you the News of the World phone hacking scandal ( by doing nothing about it for years as chair of News UK ) , had a view on quite a number of things . They spoke about the Disney deal with Fox ; Netflix and Facebook ; the # MeToo movement ; the cancellation of Roseanne by rival ABC ; and Bill O'Reilly , formerly Fox News ' most watched host who was `` let go '' last year after revelations that they paid US $ 32 million to settle sexual harassment claims ( after previously paying at least $ 9 million to settle others ) .
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be , you 're not alone .
Americans work hard , and it takes a physical and mental toll , not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time , according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday . But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing .
In 2015 , RAND researchers , along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California , Los Angeles , began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs . What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers .
This kind of data , examining workplace conditions in the U.S. , has not been collected for decades . `` We have excellent data on wages , on training ... but we do n't know much about the conditions of work , '' says Nicole Maestas , an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study .
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they do n't have enough time to do their jobs , with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time . This was most prevalent among white-collar workers . Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed .
In addition , 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse , threats , humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month ; or they experienced bullying , harassment or sexual harassment in the past year .
`` One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work , '' says Maestas . Them survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board , verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college . Younger women and women of `` prime age , '' defined in the survey as ages 35-49 , experienced the most unwanted sexual attention .
But people who have `` good '' bosses — or bosses who respect them , praise them , work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats , Maestra notes .
`` Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem , '' they say , when it comes to a hostile work environment .
American workers feel , by and large , that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills . Still , many workers , particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree , have little control over their work schedules . Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before .
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable , and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week 's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors ' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs .
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting , it is still a rare option for many workers . The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours .
No matter where we work , friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs . Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement `` I have very good friends at work , '' while 53 percent of men agreed .
While the emotional support helps , many jobs are simply tough on the body . Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time . While workers who do n't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well , particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day .
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early . It 's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the `` right '' job , Maestas says .
`` We 've got more people retiring than ever , and there just are n't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy , '' they say , so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older , experienced workers .
Additionally , 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke , fumes , infectious materials , extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time . `` That was strikingly high , '' Maestas says .
Saba Waheed , the research director at UCLA 's Labor Center who was not involved in the study , says they were also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey .
`` We have a lot of great laws , but we need better enforcement , '' they say .
While they largely praise the survey 's comprehensiveness , Waheed says they would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines , as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers . `` I would really love to see race in here , '' they say , as well .
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant .
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years . Maestas and their team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018 .
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration .
Expert tasks FG on establishment of national blood transfusion service
Prof. Yetunde Aken'Ova , Head , Department of Haematology , University College Hospital ( UCH ) , Ibadan , has urged the Federal Government to establish a national blood transfusion service to encourage voluntary blood donation in Nigeria . Aken'Ova made this charge at the symposium organised by the department to mark this year 's World Blood Day with the theme : “ Blood connects us…
The post Expert tasks FG on establishment of national blood transfusion service appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
ITHACA , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Matt Morgan scored 17 of their 28 points in the final 8 1/2 minutes and Joel Davis hit two free throws with 25 seconds left to help Cornell beat Dartmouth 86-85 on Friday night .
Davis finished with 16 points . Stone Gettings had 20 points , five rebounds and five assists , while Steven Julian added nine points and 10 rebounds for Cornell ( 8-10 , 2-3 Ivy League ) .
Taylor Johnson made two free throws to give Dartmouth an 84-79 lead with a minute left . Morgan hit a jumper and , after Will Emery made 1 of 2 free throws on the other end , added a 3-pointer that pulled Cornell within one with 33 seconds to go . Davis made a steal , was fouled and hit two free throws eight seconds later to put the Big Red up 86-85 . Johnson missed a jumper with four seconds to go and Cornell 's Terrance McBride grabbed the rebound to seal it .
Johnson led Dartmouth ( 4-14 , 0-5 ) with 25 points , Miles Wright scored 18 and Ian Sistare had a career-high 15 points . Wright now has 1,006 career points .
The Big Green has lost eight in a row .
Apple Inc. quelled investor concern with results showing solid demand for its flagship iPhone X and a pledge to put its cash hoard to work in buybacks , dividends and acquisitions . The shares rose about 3 % in extended trading Thursday .
The average selling price for the iPhone , Apple 's most important gadget , was $ 796 in the crucial holiday quarter . That was up from less than $ 700 a year earlier and it suggests that people are gravitating toward the iPhone X , which starts at a lofty $ 999 . The metric reassured investors who were initially spooked when Apple forecast lower-than-expected revenue in the current quarter and missed analysts ' estimates for the number of iPhones sold during the holidays .
“ IPhone units were below expectations , though much higher ASP helped offset the unit softness , ” Amit Daryanani , an analyst at RBC Capital Markets , wrote in a note to investors .
For the final quarter of 2017 , Apple sold 77.3 million iPhones , down 1 % from a year earlier and below analysts ' projections of 80.2 million units . Apple said revenue in the three months ending in March will be $ 60 billion to $ 62 billion , also missing analysts ' expectations .
Apple CFO Luca Maestri gave rare additional guidance , telling analysts on a conference call that iPhone sales would grow by at least 10 % year-over-year in the current quarter . Average selling prices will fall , but services and wearable device revenue growth will be strong in the period , they added .
The results capped a stressful few weeks for investors who have been reading reports saying Apple was cutting orders to suppliers and consumers were holding off buying iPhones . The company needs as many handsets in use as possible because that helps sell related services , accessories and other devices . Apple noted it has 1.3 billion devices in use now , up 30 % in two years .
Strong sales of the iPhone X help even more because those handsets are capable of running Apple 's latest features and controlling most Apple accessories . This also buys the company more time to create It 's next big hit , be it in wearable technology , augmented reality or self-driving vehicles .
“ IPhone X was the most popular phone and since we launched it in early November , for every week it 's been the top selling iPhone , ” Apple CEO Tim Cook said in an interview . “ Could n't be prouder of it . ”
Apple 's cash jumped to $ 285 billion , adding to the pile of offshore money that will be taxed under new U.S. legislation . The company is bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S. and plans to pay $ 38 billion in tax .
The CFO told Bloomberg that Apple ultimately plans to hold an equal amount of cash and debt without specifying when this would happen . With about $ 104 billion in long-term debt , that suggests more than $ 100 billion will be put to work .
The plans could include acquisitions and additional stock buybacks , the CFO said . The company made 19 purchases in 2017 , and Maestri said Apple looks at deals of all sizes . Apple will discuss the plans in full when it reports March quarter results .
“ Major buybacks and dividends are on the way for shareholders as the repatriation party is now in full gear with Cook leading the charge , a major positive , ” said Dan Ives , head of technology research at GBH Insights .
Apple sold 5.1 million Macs in the quarter on revenue of $ 6.9 billion , indicating 5 % year over year declines . The iPad business continued to grow with the company posting 13.2 million unit sales and revenue of $ 5.9 billion . IPad units grew by 1 % , while revenue climbed 6 % , suggesting more customers bought the more-expensive iPad Pro models .
For services , which includes Apple Music , movie rentals , app downloads , cloud storage upgrades , and digital books , Apple reported revenue of $ 8.5 billion , topping last year 's $ 7.2 billion by 18 % .
The results show Apple is successfully continuing its march to services revenue of roughly $ 50 billion by 2020 . Last year , the segment generated $ 30 billion in sales . In early January , Apple said customers of its App Store , just one component of the services business , spent more than $ 890 million in the seven days starting on Christmas Eve .
Apple 's Other Products business generated fiscal first-quarter revenue of $ 5.5 billion on strong sales of the latest Apple TV set-top-box , continued popularity of the AirPods headphones , and a growing interest in the Apple Watch due to recent models with cellular connectivity .
This segment saw revenue jump 36 % , the largest year-over-year increase among Apple product divisions . In an interview with Bloomberg News , Cook said this was the fourth consecutive quarter of over 50 % growth for the Apple Watch .
The Other Products business could see further gains in the March quarter due to the recent release of the HomePod wireless speaker . On its first day , the HomePod outsold competing Sonos One and Google Home Max speakers . However , consumers purchased more Amazon Echo Show speakers that day , according to Slice Intelligence .
By Mark Gurman
When the Kings ' Drew Doughty scored a goal during a 3-0 victory at Dallas on Tuesday , it gave them 100 for their career . They surpassed Steve Duchesne for second on the team 's all-time list for defensemen and is behind only team vice president/general manager Rob Blake , who had 161 for the Kings .
Ever humble , Doughty still takes pride in the accomplishment .
“ It was a pretty big milestone , ” said Doughty , in their 10th season , all with the Kings . “ Obviously , it 's something I guess I 've never really thought of before until it kind of came up . It was never one of my goals to score 100 goals in the league ; I never really thought of that .
“ So , obviously , take a lot of pride trying to put up points and score goals for the team . But that 's not my main objective . ”
Doughty , 28 , has eight goals and 28 assists this season . Their 36 points were second on the team to forward Anze Kopitar 's 53 before the team took on Arizona on Saturday at Staples Center .
Doughty acknowledged during the morning skate that they wanted to be a scoring defenseman at the outset of their career .
“ I knew I needed to chip in on offense because I knew I had the ability to , and I think I 've grown in that category , ” they said .
Coach John Stevens , a defenseman during their short NHL career , has an appreciation for a defender who can also put up points . They referred to Doughty 's 100 goals as a “ pretty significant number. ” Related Articles Kings have no trouble dispatching cellar-dwelling Coyotes
Paul LaDue 's first NHL goal becomes father-son moment on Kings ' trip
Kings get Jonathan Quick back , but Predators dominate the puck in one-sided game
Darcy Kuemper says Kings are on verge of taking off
Darcy Kuemper makes 28 saves as Kings blank Stars
“ If you talk to Drew and you watch Drew , you understand Drew , ” Stevens said . “ I think points are important … because it helps the hockey team , but they have a real deep passion to be a great defender and keep the puck out of the net . I see Drew as a guy who can make a difference at both ends of the rink .
“ But certainly their ability to produce offense and get involved in the play , I think has always been a part of their game . I think the fact that he 's such a well-rounded player is what makes them such a valuable guy . ”
So , Doughty was asked , can they catch Blake ?
“ I would like to , you know , ” Doughty said . “ It would be kind of cool to catch him . They were one of my idols growing up . I loved the way they played . I do n't think I 'll ever catch them in total goals scored , but if I re-sign here like I 'd like to , hopefully I can play another 10 years in the league .
“ All I 've got ta do is score , I guess , 10 on average to beat him , so I have a shot at it . ”
Actually , if Doughty plays another 10 seasons , they would only need to average about six goals to get to Blake . Doughty is averaging roughly 10 per season .
But like they said , catching Blake 's overall goal total would be very difficult . Blake also played for Colorado and San Jose during their 20-year career and had a combined 79 goals for them for 240 lifetimes .
Ice Chips
The Kings will next play host to Edmonton on Wednesday . They then leave for a seven-game trip over 12 days that will have stops at Florida , Tampa Bay , Carolina , Pittsburgh , Buffalo , Chicago and Winnipeg . … The Kings entered Saturday two points out of a playoff spot .
The U.S. National Cancer Institute compiled the information based on the habits of more than 500,000 British volunteers . ( Source : Pixabay )
( RNN ) – Coffee drinkers , raise a cup .
A new study says java lovers may live longer . And it has nothing to do with the caffeine .
The results were published this week in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine .
The U.S. National Cancer Institute compiled the information based on the habits of about 500,000 British volunteers over the course of a decade .
Almost one-third of those in the study drank two to three cups of coffee a day . The real caffeine freaks , about 10,000 in total , guzzled at least eight cups daily .
In the end , the study showed that non-coffee drinkers were more likely to have died than those who did n't partake .
And the type of coffee did n't matter . Regular , decaf , expensive or cheap , it was all the same .
The bottom line : “ This study provides further evidence that coffee drinking can be part of a healthy diet and offers reassurance to coffee drinkers . ”
Bottoms up .
# research published in # JAMA IM suggests # coffee may increase “ chances for a longer life. ” In the “ study of nearly half-a-million British adults , coffee drinkers had a slightly lower risk of death over 10 years than abstainers. ” https : //t.co/U77pGEdU47 pic.twitter.com/7Mk4LewPyy — Michelle Ramírez , MD ( @ themamadoc ) July 3 , 2018
Copyright 2018 Raycom News Network . All rights reserved .
Wizkid , 2Baba , Other Stars Show Support For Emma Ugolee Who Needs N50M for Kidney Transplant
TV Host , Emma Ugolee is down with kidney disease . This was announced by legendary comedian Ali Baba who took to their Instagram Page to reveal details of the media guru 's recent battle with the disease . Ugolee needs to undergo kidney transplant and is unable to financially support themselves alone anymore . They have battled kidney disease [ … ]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
( AP Photo/Cliff Owen ) . Shiva Yeshlur , 13 , from Rock Springs , Wyo. , jumps into the air after correctly spelling `` diastrophism '' during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Cliff Owen ) . Brody Dicks , 13 , from Park City , Utah , spells `` caudation '' correctly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster ) . Melodie Loya , 13 , from Bainbridge , N.Y. , right , hugs Tara Singh , 13 , from Louisville , Ky. , left , after Tara received their medal to advance to the final round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , M ...
( AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster ) . Pronouncer Brian Sietsema , right , speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster ) . Melodie Loya , 13 , from Bainbridge , N.Y. , right , hugs Tara Singh , 13 , from Louisville , Ky. , left , after Tara received their medal to advance to the final round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , M ...
By BEN NUCKOLS
Associated Press
OXON HILL , Md . ( AP ) - The dramatic final rounds of the Scripps National Spelling Bee are set to begin .
Forty-one spellers advanced to Thursday 's finals out of a field of 516 - by far the largest in the 93-year history of the competition . Scripps started a wild-card program this year that created a path to nationals for spellers who did n't win their regional bees , and some of the finalists got to the bee that way .
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American , and that trend could easily continue . Most of the consensus favorites in this year 's bee have Indian heritage .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Robert Allen Taylor , 52 , passed away on Tuesday , January 30 , 2018 , at the Memorial Hospital of Sweetwater County following a sudden illness . They were a longtime resident of Rock Springs and former resident of Point of Rocks , Wyoming .
They were born on October 31 , 1965 , in Riverton , Wyoming , the son of Arthur Franklin Taylor and Audrey Maxine Bauman .
They attended schools in Superior , Wyoming and Rock Springs , Wyoming and graduated from Rock Springs High School with the class of 1985 ,
They were employed by Southwest Rehabilitation Center as a direct service provider for many years until ill health forced their retirement .
Their interests included four wheeling and spending time with their family .
Survivors include four sisters , Gloria Gene Peterson and husband Eldon of Pierre , South Dakota , Dianna Beatty and husband Jack of Rock Springs , Wyoming , Linda Bollinger and husband Clayton of Pinedale , Wyoming and Darlene Smith and husband Larry J. of Rock Springs , Wyoming , two uncles , and several cousins , nieces , and nephews
They were preceded in death by their mother , Audrey Bauman , father , Arthur Taylor , stepmother , Ardis Taylor and brother David Taylor .
Cremation has taken place and a celebration of life will be held at 3:00 P.M. , Saturday , February 3 , 2018 , at Grace Community Fellowship , 2190 West Teton , Green River , Wyoming .
Condolences may be left at www.vasefuneralhomes.com
LAS VEGAS — Verbiage , posturing and drama have not been lacking leading up to the main event at UFC 216 .
The interim lightweight championship fight between second-ranked Tony Ferguson and seventh-ranked Kevin Lee on Saturday at T-Mobile Arena once had an air of uncertainty amid a barrage of trash-talking .
UFC lightweight Paul Felder on Wednesday referred to it as an intriguing matchup .
“ A lot of people say Kevin Lee is gon na smoke him . I talk to other people and they 're like , ‘ Tony Ferguson is gon na murder him , ' ” said Felder , who is making their UFC studio analyst debut Saturday . “ So that makes for a great main event when people are drawn down the line how they think it 's gon na go . ”
Related Articles Photos : UFC 216 official weigh-ins Questions remain , but now they 're mainly focused on Lee , who needed an extra hour to make the lightweight championship limit of 155 pounds at Friday morning 's weigh-ins at The Mirage .
Lee 's first attempt on the scale , for which they waited until the last minute and stood naked behind a towel , was 156 pounds – 1 pound over , as fighters are allotted a 1-pound grace limit for only non-title fights .
Spotted a few minutes later in the hallway , Lee , 25 , was slowly walking with their team , holding their coach 's arm for support .
On their second try , again behind a towel , Lee was announced at 154.5 pounds , a huge sigh of relief coming from a drained-looking Lee and no doubt from nearby UFC headquarters .
Orange County 's Ferguson , on the other hand , arrived on time for the weigh-ins , smiling and cracking jokes .
They weighed 155 pounds on the dot .
At the ceremonial weigh-ins that evening , Lee appeared rehydrated and recharged – and perhaps too energized . After they were introduced , “ The Motown Phenom ” was pacing and jawing as Ferguson walked on stage wearing headphones .
When they squared off , Lee kept yelling at Ferguson , who calmly ignored their opponent and swayed to the music .
Asked by UFC commentator and weigh-ins emcee Joe Rogan what they were listening to , Ferguson said : “ Some old-school stuff . ‘ Strawberry Letter # 23 . ' Listen to it , feel it and enjoy it . I want to say thank you to my fans . I weighed in on time . I 'm a professional , and I 'll continue to be a professional . ”
Ferguson then pointed over at Lee : “ I 'm going to teach this kid a lesson . They talk too much . ”
Ferguson , 33 , has certainly earned the title shot . After winning Season 13 of “ The Ultimate Fighter ” in 2011 , all “ El Cucuy ” has done is gone 11-1 and win their past nine fights .
While they ooze confidence at the prospect of walking out of the Octagon with the belt , that 's not what motivates him .
“ Gold 's awesome , but to me it 's about the record , man , ” Ferguson ( 23-3 ) said . “ I want to go in the Hall of Fame . I 'm looking at the big picture . It 's not about the belt . A belt holds your pants up , man . ”
The “ real ” gold is currently hibernating in Ireland with Conor McGregor and their tens of millions of dollars after their blockbuster boxing match with Floyd Mayweather in August .
McGregor won the title by knocking out Eddie Alvarez 11 months ago at UFC 205 , but has yet to defend it .
Therefore , with a 9-2 record in the UFC and on a five-fight winning streak , Lee considers Saturday 's scrap to be the one that matters for the 155-pound division .
“ This is for the real lightweight championship . Me and Tony both have the most fights in this division , ” said Lee , who lives in Las Vegas .
Again , none of that matters to Ferguson .
“ Good for him , ” they said . “ Whatever he 's gon na think , if it 's the world lightweight title or whatever it is , this kid has n't earned the right to talk . Not one bit . ”
Lee ( 16-2 ) stunned the MMA world and earned the interim title shot with a rear-naked choke victory over Mike Chiesa in June .
Ferguson tips their cap to Lee , who is strong for a lightweight and uses their wrestling skills to demonstrate a nasty ground game .
“ That dude has got more heart than half these dudes in the top five . Since he 's got more heart , we 're going to go in there and put on a hell of a show , ” Ferguson said .
For their part , Ferguson might be one of the most unpredictable fighters to ever enter the Octagon . They are all offense , fluid , versatile and aggressive .
The pace they set would be impossible without their exceptional conditioning . And when Ferguson has found themselves in trouble in fights , they find a way out .
“ It 's not so much a technical thing . It 's their mindset that drives them through a lot of these fights , ” Lee said . “ He 's in the fight getting hurt , but they come back and he 's hurting up the guys and he 's able to weather the storms . ”
One of the concerns now is how durable Lee will be against Ferguson and their elite cardio should the fight extend past the third round and into the championship rounds .
On Thursday , Lee had no worries and forecast their future .
“ I feel like I 'm built for five rounds , I 've always said it , ” Lee said . “ I feel like all my fights should be five rounds .
From here on out , they will be . ”
Some feel Lee is getting this title fight too soon , but Felder thinks their fellow lightweight is ready . Whether he 's ready for a fighter like Ferguson is up for debate .
“ I 'm just curious when Kevin Lee arrives in the cage against a guy who can take a whooping and still finish fights with submissions in Ferguson , ” Felder said . “ My fight edge is leaning toward the more experienced guy in Tony , but , man , Kevin Lee can be a handful for absolutely anybody at 155 . ”
UFC 216 AT A GLANCE
Saturday at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas
Main event : No . 2 Tony Ferguson ( 23-3 ) vs. No . 7 Kevin Lee ( 16-2 ) for the interim lightweight title
Co-main event : Flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson ( 26-2-1 ) vs. No . 3 Ray Borg ( 11-2 )
3:15 p.m. – early prelims ( UFC Fight Pass )
5 p.m. – prelims ( FX )
7 p.m. – main card ( PPV )
Puxatony Phil saw their shadow this morning in Pennsylvania . Meanwhile , our prairie dog also saw their shadow meaning 6 more long weeks of winter ! This weekend will be nice however , expect mostly mild weather with highs both Saturday and Sunday in the 60s . A surge of cool air arrives Sunday night into Monday with some ups and downs in temperatures expected next week . The overall weather pattern looks very dry .
Ken Johnson , First Alert 6 Chief Meteorologist
Akintola University faces tough test in funding
Daily Trust
Ladoke Akintola University of Technology ( LAUTECH ) was established by the old Oyo State and when Osun State was carved out of Oyo , it became the inheritance of the two states . The new Oyo contributes 60 per cent to its subvention while Osun contributes …
Opinion : Save LAUTECH ! | Frustrated student cries out for help YNaija
all 2 news articles »
Arewa/Biafra Quit Notice : ” Stay Where You Are ” – Lai Mohammed To Nigerians
The Minister of Information and Culture , Lai Mohammed has asked Nigerians not to panic or find alternatives outside the country in the face of the recent threats by the Arewa and Biafra groups .
The Minister stated this on Wednesday while briefing State House correspondents after the Federal Executive Council meeting in Abuja .
“ The idea is not just to assure Nigerians that we are doing something about it but also to give comfort to all Nigerians that this matter is completely under control , ” they said .
Mr Mohammed gave strong assurances that the Federal Government was putting measures in place measure to address the issue .
They further reiterated that Nigeria remains safe for every citizen and everyone is free to live in any desired part of the country .
“ Any Nigerian anywhere is safe . The security authorities are completely on top of the matter and they will deal decisively with any conduct that they believe is going to create instability in the country , ” the Minster said .
“ So there is no need for anybody to panic , there is no need for anybody to move from any part of the country . The security agencies are on top of the matter and there is no reason for anybody to panic , ” they added .
The post Arewa/Biafra Quit Notice : ” Stay Where You Are ” – Lai Mohammed To Nigerians appeared first on Ngyab .
This post was syndicated from Ngyab . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
A wheelchair athlete who was injured after organizers of a San Diego marathon altered the course has been awarded $ 4 million .
The San Diego Union-Tribune says a jury this week ruled for Craig Blanchette in a negligence lawsuit against organizers of the 2014 Rock 'n ' Roll marathon .
Blanchette , a former Olympian , says on the morning of the race , organizers narrowed part of the course by eliminating one lane without telling the racers .
Blanchette says they were doing about 20 mph when their wheelchair slammed into a car . The crash broke their collarbone and several ribs , tore their rotator cuff and ended their career as an elite racer .
A representative for the race organizer , Competitor Group Inc. , told the Union-Tribune that the company does n't comment on ongoing litigation .
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
WHITE PLAINS , N.Y. ( CBSNewYork ) — Being a caregiver for an ill or injured loved one can be incredibly stressful .
Studies show 70 percent of caregivers exhibit signs of depression . So , a growing number of hospitals are trying to do more to care for those who are caring for others , CBS2 's Tony Aiello reported Wednesday .
The snip of a red ribbon officially opened an oasis of serenity at Burke Rehabilitation Hospital in White Plains .
Everything inside the Marsal Caregiver Center is designed to soothe the senses , and calm the worries of caregivers , stressed and concerned for loved ones being treated here .
“ In effect , there 's no privacy here when I want to meet with somebody , whatever it may be . So I think it 's going to be very , very important , ” caregiver Tom Grace said .
Grace spends ten hours a day at Burke as their wife recovers from a brain hemorrhage . They said they look forward to using the new center as an on-site getaway .
It offers a window on Mother Nature , a spot to check email and a place to grab a decent cup of coffee .
The center also has two rooms designed for privacy , a place for caregivers to go and be alone , or perhaps with a few others to pray , meditate , talk , or even just to close their eyes .
One is called “ Tranquility ” and the other “ Serenity . ”
Importantly , there 's also a full-time social worker to help caregivers cope with the emotional toll of supporting loved ones recovering from serious illness or injury .
“ There are a lot of things . I would say fear for sure , anger , guilt in not really wanting this role that they were just forced into , ” Marsal Caregiver Center director Carla Assenza said .
Assenza said the center will offer caregivers support and education groups . The staff includes specially trained volunteers and caregivers , themselves , to share advice and a sympathetic ear .
“ Sometimes they just need to vent and share their feelings , ” Assenza said .
At a stressful time in a peaceful place .
At least four other hospitals in the Montefiore system offer caregiver centers . The one at Burke is the first in the nation inside a rehab hospital .
Zhakata is set to release two albums this year , a social commentary and a worship album , H-Metro can exclusively reveal .
zhakataAll things being equal , they said the first project should be ready by end of next month while the other one will come on a later date .
They are yet to come up with names for the albums .
Apart from the two albums , they are also working on a DVD album expected end of year .
“ I would n't want to give specific dates but I 'm hoping that end of July everything will be done . I 'm going to release the Zora album first then the worship album later .
“ So far we 've already finished recording five songs and we 're left with three , ”  said Zhakata .
The musician , who is a pastor at United Family International Church ( UFIC ) , said 2017 has been a busy year for them because God has tasked them to teach Their people . At the same time they do n't want to abandon their Zora fans , forcing them to do two projects .
“ I 've been under a lot of pressure this year because I want to release a zora project as well as a worship album .
“ Although my fans accept Zora , I want to show people that there 's a difference between social commentary and worship , ” he said .
Asked if they will do the same in future , they said it now depends on the Almighty 's will .
“ It now depends on ( to release two albums per year ) , gospel is not about passion but about the word that God wants you to deliver to Their people . I should not do it on my own because I end up doing the wrong thing , but if it 's God 's will then I 've no option but to release two albums each year . They ( God ) provides the message and not me , ”  they said .
“ The songs ( on worship album ) are not all new , there are some which were accepted by the gospel community and the other ones I composed. ” 
Zhakata said the way they are receiving message for the worship album is unique which made them believe that they have a huge task ahead of him .
“ The way I 'm coming up with the songs for the worship album is unique , the way I 'm getting the messages is different which means God wants me to deliver that to their people , ”  they said .
The Madam Boss hitmaker last year launched their album , Mutungadzose , at the Harare International Conference Centre but they might take a different approach this year .
They are already sampling one of the new songs titled Game Changer , which was endorsed by fans who watched them performing at the Alick Macheso birthday bash in Chitungwiza Saturday night .
“ This year we are taking a different approach , ”  they said .
“ One of our songs , Game Changer , is already doing well . I usually do n't want to surprise my fans , they should at least know one or two songs before the release of the album , ” said Zhakata .
Three songs off their previous album were voted the best for the Radio Zimbabwe Coca-Cola Top 50 and they believe the forthcoming album can cause another ‘ upset ' .
“ Well that now lies in the hands of music fans . But I 'm working on such stuff and I would be happy to see my song/s making it again .
“ Remember the industry has several artists who are all doing well , ” they said . H-Metro
Rachel Maddow mocked FOX News and the Republicans for overhyping the Nunes memo .
“ That 's it ? …This memo will make Donald Trump innocent . This memo will put Robert Mueller in jail . It 'll abolish the FBI ! …I ca n't believe this is it . I do n't really believe in the whole cable news wars idea . I know people who work across the street at the Fox News channel . I have friended this work there . I think we 're all doing our own thing our own way the best we can , but oh my god . they have been hyping and hyping and huffing and puffing and working their audience into a frenzy for two solid weeks . They have literally built a right-wing public movement that this memo must be released because this memo will fix the Trump presidency . It will fix the Russia scandal for President Trump and make the whole thing go away . Apparently , despite that , apparently they did n't know or they did n't notice that this thing they have been clambering for and hyping for two solid weeks , that they have built up this frenzy around disproves their whole point… .. I will admit to being shocked that this is all they released… ”
Said Maddow : “ They promised the Fox News audience . they promised the country , they talked a big portion of the normal media into believing they were about to shake the earth . ”
Maddow also compared the memo 's release with their own release of two pages of Trump 's tax returns last year : “ You know , I hyped that I had Donald Trump 's tax returns , then I clarified that I actually had two pages of Donald Trump 's tax returns for one hour before I actually released what actually were two pages of Donald Trump 's tax returns . For a year now , people have been telling me that was unconscionable hype about Donald Trump 's tax returns . But you know what ? At least those actually were Donald Trump 's tax returns , even if they were boring . ”
And Maddow points out that the memo actually contains a bit which undercuts its whole argument.Today was the big reveal – the memo ! – that proves the whole Russia investigation is based on the dossier . And then they release this memo – which says in its final paragraph – they let slip in the last paragraph of the memo that , oh , by the way , the dossier did n't actually lead to the Russia investigation . ”
Tanner Lee has n't even taken a snap yet at Nebraska but the Huskers junior is still earning plenty of preseason praise .
Earlier this week , a former NFL GM tweeted that Lee would be a top pro prospect in 2019 or even possibly next year .
After seeing @ HuskerFBNation QB Tanner Lee spin it yesterday , they will be a top NFL prospect for '18 or '19 . Size , arm talent , intangibles . — Phil Savage ( @ SeniorBowlPhil ) August 11 , 2017
Nebraska head coach Mike Riley is also liking what he 's seen so far through two weeks of fall camp from their starting quarterback .
`` There 's not a bunch of drama with him , '' Riley said about Lee . `` I mean high , low , goofy , crazy , mad , happy , it 's kind of like this and I really like that about him . Nothing much rattles him . The guy 's got talent , likes to work . Give us that everyday . That 's a beautiful thing . ''
The Huskers open the season in less than three weeks at home against Arkansas State on September 2 .
Prienu Vytautas , the Lithuanian team for which LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball will soon play professionally in Europe , announced the impending arrival of LaVar Ball 's two youngest sons through an official statement to The Vertical 's Shams Charania .
Lithuanian team Vytautas ‘ statement on signing LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball to one-year deals : “ Our club is excited about the arrival of LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball . We are committed to their long-term success and development as professional basketball players. ” — Shams Charania ( @ ShamsCharania ) December 11 , 2017
The team has also distributed a photo of Gelo and Melo signing their six-month contracts which will pay them , at most , a total of $ 4,000 , per international basketball reporter David Pick .
LiAngelo , LaMelo sign six-month deal on low-level Lithuania team with coach and GM that speak ZERO English . Club is MONTHS behind on checks , and I 'm told Ball Bros can peak at $ 4000 total . Max . Might not even get it . Cluture Shock . — David Pick ( @ IAmDPick ) December 11 , 2017
Look for the Big Baller Brand reps to get going with BC Prienai after the holidays in early January .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
President Reuven Rivlin held a condolence visit to the family of Staff Sergeant Ronen Lubarsky , who was wounded during an operation in Ramallah and died of their injuries two days later .
The President warmly embraced Lubarsky 's parents and brothers and expressed deep regret over the loss . They related how much they had heard about Ronen and the man who they are , and said , `` We prayed so hard that a miracle would happen for us and we were so downcast . They served in a magnificent unit and had a wonderful family . ''
Their brother and their parents told the President about the deep love for country that was in Ronen and how the first thing anyone saw in their room was the State flag spread on the wall . The President said excitedly that as a person who was a child when the State arose they merited to see the flag of Israel rise for the first time to the top of the mast , so they know that this was not self-evident at all and that Ronen 's strong connection to the country is evident in everything said about him .
Courtesy of the family Ronen Lubarsky
`` Ronen wanted to go on with the unit as much as possible . I did n't know exactly why until I met the men of the unit who surrounded them - at the shiva , '' their brother Aryeh related , `` He glowed when they were with them and when they were around them and that was all they had in mind . ''
Mother Elena , who spoke to the President only on Friday , said that when they became aware of the mass prayers by the entire nation for their recovery , they said to herself : `` 'The whole nation is praying , it ca n't be that we wo n't be answered ' , but apparently plans were different . We were so moved by the embrace of the people and we are grateful for it . Without that I do n't know how I could have gone on , it really gives strength and I feel much stabler thanks to it . ''
`` The strength you radiate is what strengthens the entire nation , '' the President told her , and embraced the family warmly before leaving .
( CNN ) -- A gunman killed three people at a UPS facility in San Francisco before killing themselves on Wednesday morning , Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters .
Two other people were shot and survived , they said .
Police responded to a report of an active shooter around 8:55 a.m. local time ( 11:55 a.m . ET ) at the UPS San Francisco Customer Center , a couple of blocks east of Franklin Square . The package sorting and delivery facility employs about 850 people .
Officers arrived to learn the suspect was still inside the building , Chaplin said . A police `` contact team '' soon found them armed with an assault pistol , the assistant chief said .
`` The suspect put the gun to their head and immediately discharged the weapon , '' they said .
Though the suspect was wearing a UPS uniform , investigators have yet to confirm they were actually an employee , Chaplin said .
There is no indication the shooting was terror-related , they said without providing an actual motive . More information should be available during a 2 p.m. ( 5 p.m . ET ) briefing .
The San Francisco police have contained the incident and secured the building , and its special operations unit continues to search the building for victims and witnesses , the department said in a tweet .
A woman named Michelle , who did not want to provide their last name , was walking to work across the street from a UPS facility when they saw several UPS employees running down the street . They told them to run because there had been a shooting , they told CNN , explaining they ran about a block with the workers .
`` I was confused . They crossed the street and when they got to me , they said , 'Run , there is a shooter , ' so I started to run with them , '' they said . `` Several of them said it was a driver they worked with who had a gun and opened fired . I feel terrible for the people hurt and for the UPS team that was there but survived . ''
Antonio Salic told CNN they were working in a house across from the UPS building when they heard shots fired .
`` I was working and suddenly I heard shots and I peeked out the window , '' they said . `` I saw people getting out ( of the building ) , and they were wounded . A lot of people were running . ''
The construction worker said they also saw people on the roof with their hands up , letting police know they were unarmed .
`` Police approached and they were taken to a safe place , '' they said .
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut released a statement saying four employees were involved in a `` shooting incident '' but that the company can not provide any identifications until the police investigation is complete .
`` We understand that there are potentially multiple deaths , although some individuals were transported to the hospital and we are unsure of their status at this time , '' the statement said . `` The company is saddened and deeply concerned about affected employees , family members and the community we share . ''
Aerial footage showed police leading dozens of people , many in matching brown work uniforms , out of a building . A tactical vehicle arrived shortly thereafter .
The site of the shooting is the Potrero Hill area , a largely residential neighborhood . The shooting was also not far from a Whole Foods market and the brewery that makes Anchor Steam beer .
Residents have been warned to avoid the area because of heavy law enforcement activity . Authorities say they will hold a briefing soon .
CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Gisela Crespo , Scott Glover and Eric Levenson contributed to this report .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
Entertainment of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
Minister for Tourism , Culture and Creative Arts , Catherine Ablema Afeku
The Minister for Tourism , Arts and Culture , Mrs Catherine Afeku , has pleaded with players in the creative arts industry to stop politicising the sector .
Speaking at the official launch of the Ghana Tourism Booster Handbook on Tuesday at the Ministry 's conference room , the Minister noted that the situation could hinder the industry 's growth as it makes it difficult to tap into the rich knowledge of players from opposing sides .
The Ghana Tourism Booster Handbook is published by the Musicians Union of Ghana ( MUSIGA ) in conjunction with the Ministry Tourism , Arts and Culture with support from the US Embassy .
“ Yes , there 's a time we can do the politics and campaign for our preferred political parties but that is yet to come . For now , it 's serious business and we need everyone on board to develop the industry .
“ When we allow politics to creep into our system , we ca n't tap into the knowledge of experts whose guidance could go a long way to help the industry . Ghana is blessed with great human resource and it 's important that we grow beyond politics and make the development of the country our utmost interest , ” they said .
Mrs Afeku is not alone in this call . Last week , the Federation of Concerned Arts Professionals ( FOCAP ) , an arts-based pressure group also expressed similar sentiments after the announcement of the selection of 50 tourism ambassadors .
In a statement , the group condemned the Tourism Ministry for relieving radio presenter , Abeiku Santana of their ambassadorial status although they had been very vibrant in the role .
The group sought to portray that Abeiku Santana was excluded because of their affiliation to the National Democratic Congress ( NDC ) , for which they actively campaigned in the 2016 elections .
Using the occasion to clear the air on the matter , Mrs Afeku said the selection of the ambassadors was non-political .
“ A lot of concerns have been raised about the selection of these ambassadors but they have been selected for very important roles . They are to project the country 's image and sell our tourist attractions through their work , ” they stated .
They noted that the tourism industry needs all stakeholders regardless of their political affiliation to help market Ghana at the International level .
The Minister commended the Musicians Union of Ghana ( MUSIGA ) for publishing the tourism handbook to be used by practitioners in their creative endeavours .
“ I am aware of the linkages between music and the rest of the creative arts and tourism and the efforts by MUSIGA to promote tourism through music by hosting international launches of the Ghana Music Week Festival in the UK , USA , and China among others .
“ This is one of the many endeavours the Union is involved in and I would like to commend the leadership for their vision , ” they stated .
In their remarks , the President of MUSIGA , Bice Osei Kuffuor popularly known as Obour said their outfit 's involvement in tourism is due to the umbilical ties it has with music explaining that a vibrant tourism sector has a huge impact on the music industry .
The Union 's determination to see the growth of tourism they said is evident in the annual hosting of the Ghana Music Week Festival .
“ The festival is aimed at attracting tourists who can go on to explore our numerous tourist attractions and experience our unique hospitality , ” they said .
The launch was attended by representatives from the Public Affairs Department of the US Embassy , the ARSOG , Copy Ghana , GHAMRO , Ghana Tourism Federation , Ghana Tourism Development Corporation , Ghana Tourism Authority and former Minister for Chieftaincy and Culture under the erstwhile Kufuor administration , Mr S.K Boafo .
Herdsmen menace : Edo to set up security c'ttee
Edo State Government said , yesterday , that it will set up a security committee to develop security network to provide adequate security in rural communities and effectively tackle herdsmen attacks on farmers in the state .
Edo State Deputy Governor , Mr Philip Shiabu , made this known in Elele , during a condolence visit to the family of a pregnant woman , Mrs Magdalene Tunner , who was recently killed in their farm by suspected herdsmen .
Shiabu , while addressing members of the community at the residence of the deceased , said that the state government was concerned about the recent killings , which were blamed on suspected Fulani herdsmen .
They called on local communities to be very vigilant and report strange persons to security agencies , while urging community leaders to fish out local collaborators of such dastardly acts for improved security .
Shiabu said that the government was aware of the fear farmers now faced when going for their farming activities , adding that the government would not allow insecurity affect the agricultural plan of the state .
They said that the state would reactivate vigilante groups and incorporate them into the security network to effectively police farming communities .
On their part , the Police Area Commander in Edo North , Adamu Isa , said that the police were already working with local vigilante on an operation which started from Ekpere forest to Uziarue community to ensure the vast farming lands were cleared of possible bad elements .
Narrating the sad incidence , the landlord of the diseased , Mr Batholomew Omomo , said that the woman and their husband had been leaving peacefully for years before they were attacked in the farm .
They explained that the pregnant mother of seven children was shot in the stomach and died instantly , while their husband sustained machete cut at the back of their head and was still in the hospital .
Speaking on behalf of the women in the community , Mrs Marry Ifarumhe decried their inability to go to the farm because of the fear of the unknown .
The post Herdsmen menace : Edo to set up security c'ttee appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Transcript for 200K US jobs created in January ; wages rise at fastest pace in 8 years
Next to your money . The 401k . Most analysts turning to something else . An improving economy , and a likeliness that interest rates could go up soon . For the week , it 's down 1,095 points and that 's the worst week in two years . Let 's get to Rebecca Jarvis live from the New York stock exchange tonight . What are you hearing ? Reporter : We learned today that the economy added 200,000 jobs in January , and wages are growing at their fastest pace in eight years . That 's positive news for workers , but ultimately , it 's also a sign that the fed can start hiking interest rates even more . We have been in a period over the last decade of rock bottom interest rates and as though begin to rise , the cost of boar Reing gets more expensive . People and businesses spend less , but even after the selloff today , the stock market over the last year , still up 28 % over the last five years of 82 % , David . Putting it in perspective . Thank you .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Violet Brown spent much of their life cutting sugarcane in the fields around their home in western Jamaica . They attended church regularly , avoids pork and chicken and celebrated their 117th birthday last month .
On Saturday , they are believed to have become the world 's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy , born Nov. 29 , 1899 .
Brown told The Associated Press they are surprised but grateful to have lived this long .
`` This is what God has given me , so I have to take it — long life , '' Brown said in an interview in their home in the town of Duanvale .
Brown is considered to be the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation , according to Robert Young , director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group , a network of volunteer researchers into the world 's oldest people . Its website says they were born on March 10 , 1900 .
Brown has not yet been declared the world 's oldest by Guinness World Records , considered to be the official arbiter of the oldest person title but Guinness depends heavily on Young 's group . Young said they have met Brown and examined their birth certificate , which was issued by the British authorities who governed Jamaica at the time of their birth .
`` She 's the oldest person that we have sufficient documentation for at this time , '' Young said .
Jamaica 's prime minister congratulated Brown on Twitter .
Guinness said it was researching a number of candidates for the new world 's oldest person title .
`` It can be a uniquely complex and sometimes lengthy process , '' Guinness spokesperson Elizabeth Montoya said . `` There is no confirmation of a new titleholder until our thorough processes are complete . ''
Brown has two caregivers and spends most of the day resting in the home they share with their 97-year-old son . They are able to sit up by themselves and walk short distances . And while they are hard of hearing , they offered swift , complete responses to questions about their life and family .
The secret to long life is hard work , they said .
`` I was a cane farmer . I would do every work myself , '' they said . `` I worked , me and my husband , over that hill . ''
They also credited their Christian faith for their long life .
`` I 've done nearly everything at the church , '' they said . `` I spent all my time in the church . I like to sing . I spent all my time in the church from a child to right up , '' to today , they said .
McStay not looking beyond Leitrim 14 June 2017
Roscommon manager Kevin McStay .
©INPHO/Morgan Treacy . Roscommon manager Kevin McStay.©INPHO/Morgan Treacy .
Roscommon manager Kevin McStay believes it would be remiss of them to look ahead to the Connacht SFC final .
The Rossies take on Leitrim in the provincial semi-final at Dr Hyde Park this Sunday and in many people 's minds , they are strong favourites to advance to the final where Galway will be the opponents .
McStay points to their poor league form which saw them relegated as one of the reasons for not being over-confident going into this match .
While , the Mayo native also points to the fact that Leitrim have a championship game under their belt , unlike their opponents .
“ How could we possibly look beyond this game after the league we 've had ? We have to win this game . There 's no life for us beyond Leitrim , ” said McStay .
“ You ca n't recover from a Connacht semi-final defeat when you 're at home in a game you 're favourites to win . We have to handle that expectation but I 've no doubt that we will handle it . We 'd be very hopeful of giving a really good account of ourselves . ”
Liguori : Thomas Is Ready To Become A Face Of PGA Tour By winning the PGA Championship -- and their first major in the process -- Justin Thomas has finally emerged from the long shadow cast by their buddy Jordan Spieth .
Rookie Prospects Can Mess With Your Fantasy Baseball RosterMLB has seen a lot of injuries to major stars in the last month or so , in addition to a plethora of trades . If you think those are the only things that can derail your journey to a fantasy baseball league championship , think again . Here come the rookies !
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles . ( Source : KNXV/CNN )
TEMPE , Ariz. ( AP ) - The Latest on the pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle in Tempe ( all times local ) :
10:35 a.m .
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles .
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix , Pittsburgh , San Francisco and Toronto .
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology .
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber 's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night .
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit .
The woman died of their injuries at a hospital .
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation .
10:15 a.m .
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber 's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian .
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit .
Sgt . Ronald Elcock says in an email that the crash happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning .
The woman died of their injuries at a hospital and their name was not made public .
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months .
Uber says on Twitter that it is `` fully cooperating '' with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Letters to the Editor
DO N'T CHANGE ANZAC DAY
DURING my public life in Gympie I was asked to be guest speaker for Anzac Day at Sexton .
BAKE YOUR OWN : Anzac biscuits a recipe for remembrance
CLICK HERE : The full list of Gympie region Anzac services and events
READ MORE : There will be an Anzac Day flyover over Gympie and the Cooloola Coast
I did some research on the subject and was amazed at what was expected of soldiers in their line of duty .
For three long weeks young men were forced to stand in trenches which had sufficient water in them to stop them from lying down .
Added to this was unrelenting bombardment all day and night - non-stop .
And of course the wounded suffered immensely .
These days we get sterilised for a scratch - not too available in war zones .
My search for knowledge certainly gave me some insight into what these men and boys put up with to keep me safe in Australia .
As school children in Brisbane we lived in fear of the Japanese and the Germans coming to eat us up . And it was a real fear that our men would die in battle .
We can never give into the activists who want to change Anzac Day .
We need to be reminded that we are the lucky ones - we did n't have to go .
Julia Lawrence O.A.M
Gympie
Keep reading for more letters to the editor
Bob Fredman , Division 8 by-election Renee Albrecht
WILL BOB FREDMAN FIX THE GYMPIE REGION ROADS IF They Are ELECTED ?
ONE has to see the irony of Bob Fredman 's promotional flyers for the upcoming council by-election .
At the top of the list is `` roads '' .
This from the man who , as chief engineer on the council , devised and implemented all of the road maintenance plans that see our regional roads in such a mess .
Not only that - it was Mr Fredman who designed and implemented the `` unmaintained roads ” program .
And now they want to be elected back to the council to `` fix the roads ” ?
Come on Bob , how can you stand to represent the electorate to fix the problems that you were instrumental in causing and expect us to take you seriously ?
Tony Jakeman ,
Laurel Rd , Gympie
Since their breakout role as Tyra Collette on the beloved television drama Friday Night Lights ( # ClearEyesFullHeartsCantLose ) , Adrianne Palicki has participated in some grand-scale productions . Them film credits include John Wick and G.I . Joe : Retaliation , and on the small screen she 's worked on both sides of the comic-book aisle , appearing in Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.EL.D . and the DC-inspired Supernatural ( in addition to their brief stint as Wonder Woman… more on that later ) .
Them the latest film , however , is a much more intimate affair . They costar with writer-director Brian Klugman ( Cloverfield , Bones ) in Baby , Baby , Baby , a romantic comedy about two Los Angelenos desperate to make their budding relationship work despite a copious amount of red flags . As Baby , Baby , Baby hits DVD and Digital HD , Palicki dropped by Yahoo Studios for a Facebook Live interview ( watch above ) to tell us all about their new indie , plus their idea for a FNL spin-off and what they think went wrong with their failed Wonder Woman pilot . Some highlights :
Palicki got to explore their artsy side in Baby , Baby , Baby . Them character , Sunny , is a struggling painter who pays the bills by tending bar , and the 33-year-old Toledo , Ohio , native could be playing an alternate-universe version of herself . “ I almost went to art school for water color in real life , ” Palicki said . They did not , however , go all James Franco and create the paintings you actually see in the film .
They have an idea for a Friday Nights Light reboot . “ Riggins and Tyra , they get married . They come back and is the counselor of the school , they become the coach. ” So it 's essentially the same plot as the original , with Palicki and Taylor Kitch taking on the Connie Britton and Kyle Chandler roles , “ but a very different dynamic , ” Palicki explained . “ I could see it happening . Bring back people in and out from the original series. ” Call it Friday Night Lights : The Next Generation . ( On a related note , Palicki also wishes the second season of FNL “ did n't happen . ” )
And about that Wonder Woman pilot… In 2011 , Palicki was cast as Diana Prince in a David E. Kelley-produced Wonder Woman series for NBC . A photo of Palicki in the superhero 's iconic costume went viral , and a pilot episode was filmed… but never aired . “ I think it was too early , I think it was right before its time , ” they said . “ It was right before that cusp hit of the Marvel universe taking off and all the TV shows . It 's too bad . It was really fun to make. ” Palicki does see look at the bright side : “ At least I got paid to wear that costume . As opposed to just in my house walking around. ” And she 'll be at the movies when the highly anticipated Gal Gadot-starring movie opens this July : “ I 'm very excited for them I think it 's awesome . It 's an amazing female character , and I just love that so many are becoming such huge successes . The more and more that are out there , the better . ”
Watch the trailer for ‘ Baby , Baby , Baby ' :
Read more :
( AP Photo/J . Scott Applewhite , File ) . FILE - In this Dec. 22 , 2017 , file photo , the U.S. Capitol in the early morning in Washington . Top-level Capitol Hill talks on a massive $ 1.3 trillion catchall spending bill are reaching a critical stage as negotia ...
By ANDREW TAYLOR
Associated Press
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Capitol Hill Democrats have rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $ 25 billion in funding for President Donald Trump 's long-sought border wall as Washington talks on a $ 1.3 trillion catchall spending bill hit a critical stage on Monday .
Disputes remain over immigration enforcement and a smaller infusion of wall funding , as well as a major rail project that pits Trump against their most powerful Democratic adversary , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , D-N.Y .
Monday 's developments were described by congressional aides in both parties who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks remain secretive .
All sides pressed toward an agreement by Monday night , though aides said it appeared more likely that the measure would be unveiled Tuesday for a House vote Thursday . House and Senate action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown .
The bipartisan measure is loaded with political and policy victories for both parties . Republicans and Trump are winning a long-sought budget increase for the Pentagon , while Democrats obtain funding for infrastructure , the opioid crisis and a wide swath of domestic programs .
The bill would implement last month 's budget agreement , providing 10 percent increases for the Pentagon and domestic agencies . Coupled with last year 's tax cuts , it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits as soon as the budget year starting in October .
While most of the funding issues in the enormous measure have been sorted out , fights involving a number of policy `` riders '' - so named because they catch a ride on a difficult-to-stop spending bill - continued into the weekend .
As is typical , many or most of the policy riders were melting away .
For instance , an effort to add a plan to revive federal subsidies to stabilize the individual health insurance market and help the poor cover out-of-pocket costs under President Barack Obama 's health law appeared to be failing . A complicated dispute involving abortion was at fault .
President Donald Trump told two Republican senators on Saturday that they support adding proposals to a huge spending bill that would provide billions in federal subsidies to insurers to help curb health care premium increases .
Sens . Lamar Alexander of Tennessee and Susan Collins of Maine spoke to Trump for an hour on Saturday in a call initiated by the two lawmakers , the sources said .
Alexander and Collins are among Republicans backing proposals to revive payments to insurers that Trump halted last fall that reimburse the carriers for reducing out-of-pocket costs for many low-earning customers . Those reductions are required by the Obama health law , and insurers have made up for the lost federal payments by boosting premiums .
They would also create a $ 30 billion , three-year reinsurance program that states could use to help insurers afford to cover their most seriously ill , expensive consumers .
Both proposals are in trouble because Democrats oppose GOP provisions that would forbid the federal payments from being used to help pay for insurance policies that provide abortion .
And Republicans appeared likely to fail in a bid to fix a glitch in the recent tax bill that subsidizes grain sales to cooperatives at the expense of for-profit grain companies , several aides said .
Efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival , or DACA , program appeared likely to fail , aides said . Trump killed the Obama-era program in September , but a court decision has essentially left it in place , for now . The White House had revived the idea in recent days - offering on Sunday a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $ 25 billion for Trump 's border wall - but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants than had signed up for DACA , a request denied by GOP negotiators .
Chances for a behind-the-scenes effort to strengthen Capitol Hill procedures for dealing with workplace harassment complaints also appeared to be fading , aides in both parties said , casting responsibility on Senate Republicans for favoring a more narrowly drawn approach than legislation that passed the House last month .
Trump , meanwhile , has privately threatened to veto the whole package if a $ 900 million payment is made on the Hudson River Gateway Project , a priority for Schumer . Trump 's opposition is alarming Northeastern Republicans such as Peter King , a House member from New York who lobbied Trump on the project at a St. Patrick 's luncheon in the Capitol on Thursday .
The Gateway Project would add an $ 11 billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River to complement deteriorating , century-old tunnels that are at risk of closing in a few years . It enjoys bipartisan support among key Appropriations panel negotiators on the omnibus measure who want to get the expensive project on track while their coffers are flush with money .
Most House Republicans voted to kill the funding last year , however , preferring to see the money spread to a greater number of districts .
Schumer has kept a low profile , avoiding stoking a battle with the unpredictable Trump . One potential resolution is to include money for Gateway but not specifically earmark it for the project .
There 's also a continuing battle over Trump 's long-promised U.S.-Mexico border wall . While Trump traveled to California last week to inspect prototypes for the wall , what 's pending now is $ 1.6 billion for earlier designs involving sections in Texas that double as levees and 14 miles ( 23 kilometers ) of replacement fencing in San Diego .
It appears Democrats may be willing to accept wall funding , but they are battling hard against Trump 's demands for big increases for immigration agents and detention beds they fear would enable wide-scale roundups of immigrants illegally living in the U.S .
___
Associated Press writer Alan Fram contributed to this report .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Name :
VISTA , Calif. ( KGTV ) - For the third time in recent months , a local Boy Scout troop is coping with a heartbreaking theft .
As they were getting ready to leave on a camping trip Friday , Boy Scout Troop 722 in Vista realized their camping trailer was gone .
Without a trailer , future trips are now in jeopardy .
The trailer was parked in the St. Francis of Assisi Catholic Church parking lot when someone broke the padlock and stole the trailer . Because the troop has dealt with vandalism in the past , all their gear is kept in a shipping container .
The trailer has a unique bolt on its door , which was put in to prevent people from breaking in .
Replacing the trailer will cost the troop $ 5,000 .
Community members can donate on a Go Fund Me page set up for the troop .
If you spot the trailer , contact the Vista Sheriff 's Department .
In September , a Chula Vista Troop 's trailer was stolen , as well as one earlier this month one in University City . Investigators are not sure whether any of the cases are related .
By Andrew Kunambura
President Robert Mugabe on Wednesday openly snubbed Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa when they refused to shake their hand at Harare International Airport .
The snub occurred as Mugabe was coming from an official trip to South Africa for the 2nd Session of the South Africa-Zimbabwe Bi-National Commission ( BNC ) .
The development is one of the most vivid illustrations of the bitter fallout between the two most powerful men in Zanu PF .
It comes just after Vice President Phelekezela Mphoko has literally taken the gloves off on their counterpart , Mnangagwa , insinuating on Tuesday that the 75-year-old politician was lying that they were poisoned on August 12 while attending a Zanu PF youth interface meeting in Gwanda .
Mphoko , in a hard-hitting statement released on Tuesday night , accused Mnangagwa of undermining Mugabe 's authority and trying to destabilise the country by fanning ethnic tensions for political expediency .
Mugabe and their wife Grace have over the last few weeks unleashed scathing attacks against Mnangagwa accusing them of plotting to oust the 93-year-old Zanu PF leader .
The tensions between the two come as Mugabe is set to address a presidential youth interface rally in Bulawayo .
Today , the Zanu PF youth league executive , meets to prepare for that rally , where Mnangagwa is reportedly set to come under more withering attack .
State television footage shows Mugabe slowly moving up the red carpet , greeting their high ranking lieutenants lining up on either side .
The broad smile is instantly wiped off their face as they approach Mnangagwa , who had already outstretched their right hand for a handshake .
Mugabe ignores the hand and , instead , utters a few words straight into Mnangagwa 's face before placing their hand on Mnangagwa 's chest and lightly pushing him .
Mugabe then wags their finger at them before walking away , still murmuring some words .
Mnangagwa pretends that nothing is going on , concealing their bemusement . Having withdrawn their hand , they follow Mugabe for a few steps all the way to the presidential Merc , where they appear to start conversing . Mphoko , towers over the two men as they engage in an animated discussion .
It 's a replay of the brutal purge of then Vice President Joice Mujuru .
In October 2014 , First Lady Grace Mugabe also refused to shake Mujuru 's hand when they left for Rome and also when they returned back home .
During their rallies , Grace lashed at Mujuru , just like they are doing against Mnangagwa , and threatened to push Mugabe to “ baby dump her ” or have the women 's league do so .
The first lady also launched a purge of Mujuru 's closest supporters within the ruling Zanu PF , just like they are doing to Mnangagwa 's allies , in a bid to stymie the VP 's challenge to Mugabe .
Nine out of 10 Zanu PF provincial chairpersons allegedly linked to Mujuru were fired after a vote of no-confidence and replaced with what observers called friendly , if not pliable , comrades loyal to the first lady .
Analysts have said Mnangagwa is facing their waterloo , and their ouster could mark an abrupt end to their slow rise through the Zanu PF leadership , a path that many expected would make them the first Mugabe successor . Daily News
Sidewalk improvements may be in the works near a proposed five-story , mixed-use building in Hayes Valley under development on one of the last remaining undeveloped parcels on Octavia Boulevard.The plans currently under consideration would demolish existing sidewalks along Octavia and on Page and Rose streets to add a sidewalk bulb-out that includes a seating on Octavia in front of a proposed residential development.Plans for Parcel T include 28 residential units that will be a mix of studio , one- , and two-bedroom apartments , along with 2,720 square feet of ground-floor retail space , according to the most recent documents filed with SF Planning.As proposed by DDG , the project would not include any off-street parking , other than 28 bicycles parking spots for residents , and four public bike spaces on the Page Street sidewalk.Details on the developer 's website suggest it may be considering parking for private vehicles and car-sharing companies , however.Residents would also have access to a 2,160-square-foot roof deck . DDG also developed 8 Octavia just down the street , and 450 Hayes a few blocks away.As we reported last week , parcels R , S , and U on Octavia Boulevard will be developed into affordable housing by the Tenderloin Neighborhood Development Corporation Buildings supported by TNDC will include housing for transitional youth and on-site social services including a child care facility.These proposals to fill in the last empty spaces cleared when the Central Freeway was torn down are still in very early stages of development , but we will keep you posted as the plans get fleshed out .
360Downloads : Dj Teezer – Best Of DMW
Dj Teezer & NGwide presents a new mixtape titled “ Best Of DMW ” . An endeavor project by the NGwide Media DJ , they compiled many interesting DMW songs of artistes like Davido , Dremo , Mayorkun , Peruzzi , Yonda and Ichaba . Download , Share and Enjoy the Mixtape below
DOWNLOAD HERE
The post 360Downloads : Dj Teezer – Best Of DMW appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Semi-Autonomous Cadillacs En Route to Dealerships
General Motors ' Cadillac luxury brand is embarking on a cross-country drive to show off its version of athat almost drives itself on the freeway .
A dozen Cadillac CT6 sedans will leave the brand 's New York headquarters Monday and head for Los Angeles as cars with the `` Super Cruise '' system start arriving at dealerships .
Cadillac calls Super Cruise [ pictured above ] the first hands-free driver-assist system for freeways . The system was delayed a year as GM worked out the kinks and refined it after a fatal crash last year involving a Tesla Model S in which the driver was using the electric carmaker 's Autopilot system .
Unlike Tesla 's system , Super Cruise will operate only on limited-access freeways . It will keep the car centered in its lane and a safe distance from vehicles in front of it , relying on cameras and radar sensors and high-tech maps to guide the car . Drivers wo n't have to keep their hands on the steering wheel , but the system will monitor their facial features to make sure they are paying attention to the road and a ready to take over driving in an emergency .
Drivers who do n't pay attention will get several warnings including a flashing light bar on the steering wheel , seat vibrations and audible alerts . If they do n't respond , the car emergency flashers will turn on , it will slow to a stop and contact GM 's OnStar safety system .
Although Tesla and other automakers offer similar systems , GM says Super Cruise is the only one that lets drivers take their hands off the wheel .
Cadillacs equipped with the Super Cruise system are being shipped to dealers this week . It 's standard on the CT6 Platinum model , which starts at just over $ 85,000 , and is part of a $ 5,000 safety package on the Premium Luxury model , which starts at $ 66,290 .
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : General Motors/Cadillac .
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
Myrtle May Wild has our utmost thanks .
The 96-year-old cast their mind back 77 years to the days when they were a chambermaid at the Grand Hotel in Sunderland , including during the Second World War .
Our bedroom door would open , then shaken with a ‘ wakey wakey ' and up we got staff , guests and all went down to the back lounge on the ground floor . We had no air raid shelter , but we were lucky that the hotel was never damaged Myrtle May Wild
They remember the ground shaking as bombs dropped .
They remembered the days when cleaning was done with a dustpan and brush – because there were no vacuum cleaners .
And they remembered staff and guests alike heading for cover when the sirens screeched out – to signify the German Luftwaffe were overhead .
Thanks to her , we now have a wonderfully descriptive picture of life inside a Sunderland hotel .
“ It was Grand , believe me , ” said Myrtle who was 18 at the time when they worked from 7am to 10pm – with a three-hour break in the middle .
Here is their amazing story .
It was September 1939 and the world was at war .
But for Myrtle and the rest of the Grand Hotel staff , the day began like any other .
They all lived in the hotel and were up early . At 7am , Myrtle was up and cleaning the lounge on their floor in preparation for the guests .
“ Then we had our breakfast in our staff room at 8am , ” they said . “ Then off to work on our floors . ”
They would often work from 8am to 3pm , enjoy a break , and then be back for the 6pm to 10pm shift .
It was arduous work with 18 bedrooms to clean , 30 stairs to brush , solid wood handrails to polish .
And each Monday , one bedroom would be thoroughly cleaned – right down to the coil springs of the bed . Windows were cleaned inside and out – luckily they swivelled round . Unluckily , they were three storeys high .
The daily routine would certainly have been livened up when Britain went to war .
“ The Royal Navy took over the main part of the hotel . The Commander had the blue room , other ranks had the pink and the green rooms . A naval office stood outside of the Commanders door , no-one was allowed into the hotel .
“ Staff was not allowed to go near to that part of the hotel . ”
The war brought the constant threat of air raids and the Grand Hotel was no exception .
“ I remember two of the porters , ” said Myrtle , “ Eric Pottts and Jackie Coughlin , they both lived in Houghton . If the siren went off , either one of them who was working that night would waken the staff and the guests .
“ Our bedroom door would open , then shaken with a ‘ wakey wakey ' and up we got staff , guests and all went down to the back lounge on the ground floor . We had no air raid shelter , but we were lucky that the hotel was never damaged . ”
They remember the night Binns was bombed .
“ The hotel manage Mr Shillito volunteered to help the Fire Brigade . They were out with all of the firefighters .
“ The water was led from the River Wear under the Town Bridge , through big rubber hoses along North Bridge Street and along Fawcett Street to put the fires out .
“ The firefighters worked all through the night to get the fires out and Mr Shillito brought all the firefighters into the Grand Hotel . They were all dishevelled , tired , dirty and weary . Mr Shillito shouted “ open the back lounge bar and give all these men not only double rums but treble rums . They deserve it for the way they have worked all night ” .
One night , the Victoria Hall in Toward Road was bombed .
“ We all heard the ground vibrations , but the Grand Hotel was missed , ” said Myrtle .
Myrtle got in touch with us after our original article from Philip Curtis of the Sunderland Antiquarian Society .
They told how the good and the great who stayed at the Grand included the Hollywood cowboy of the silent films , Tom Mix ; Prime Minister Harold Macmillan ; novelist and playwright JBPriestley and The Beatles .
Myrtle told us : “ I do remember one act that came to the Sunderland Empire , Arthur Lucan and Kitty McShane . They were excellent and acted as Old Mother Riley and their daughter . ”
And even though they were hard times , they remembered the seven cinemas , seven large clothes shops including Defty 's and Jane Jones .
Myrtle celebrated their 96th birthday yesterday .
We thank them for their wonderful present of fantastic memories shared with us .
The concerned authorities were alerted after a suspicious object was reportedly found in Sangam Express train on Monday evening . The object was found in toilets of Sangam Express . Security teams including the bomb squad and other required teams were present at the spot and carried the investigation .
The concerned authorities were alerted after a suspicious object was reportedly found in Sangam Express train on Monday evening . The object was found in toilets of Sangam Express . Security teams including the bomb squad and other required teams were present at the spot and carried the investigation . The operation was launched after a tip-off was received to the police about a suspicious object being present in the train . Sangam express was bound for Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh .
While the security operation was underway , probing teams checked all the passengers , evacuated the train to ensure their safety . Meanwhile , all other protocols were also followed . Police team and dog squad present at Hapur station following a tip-off of a suspected unidentified package in Sangam Express at the station , following which the train was checked . A torch like-object , with wires attached to it , was found in a toilet of the train . The security forces are present there cordoned off the area . Meanwhile , all other necessary precautions are also being taken .
Police team and dog squad present at Hapur station following a tip-off of a suspected unidentified package in Sangam Express at the station , train being checked . pic.twitter.com/8JqHLLLKd2 — ANI UP ( @ ANINewsUP ) March 19 , 2018
A torch like-object , with wires attached to it , was found in a toilet of the train . Security forces are present here and the area has been cordoned off . We are taking all the necessary precautions : Police pic.twitter.com/iZOTFLu7hv — ANI UP ( @ ANINewsUP ) March 19 , 2018
Also Read : K Chandrashekhar Rao meets Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata , discuss ‘ federal front ' for 2019
Previously in August 2017 , the New Delhi Railway station authorities along with Railways police carried out searches in all the trains that arrived and departed the station after a bomb threat news had spread . A senior railway official said that a call was received mentioning about a bomb placed inside one of the trains at the station . The Government Railway Police ( GRP ) and the Railway Protection Force ( RPF ) accompanied by the dog squad had carried out the searches .
Also Read : Kejriwal apology : After Bikram Majithia , Delhi CM now apologises to Nitin Gadkari , Kapil Sibal
Also Read : Karnataka govt gives nod to recommend Lingayat community as separate religion
For all the latest National News , download NewsX App
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's half-brother , Kim Jong Nam . Kim , who was in their mid-forties , was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il 's children . They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport .
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents , according to police , and was alone at the time of the arrest . Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim . One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away . Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help .
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur . An autopsy will be performed .
After growing up in Western countries , Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades . They are believed to have homes in Macau , Beijing and Paris . In 2001 , Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents . They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland .
The big mystery , if they did n't die of natural causes , is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked , and why now .
`` I do n't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years , '' says Michael Madden , a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies , who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch .
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post , from Kuala Lumpur .
Poor Referee Beaten Unconscious After Final Whistle
During a match between Heartland of Owerri and defending Champions , Plateau United , in Imo state , an unfortunate football referee was jumped after the match and beaten unconscious , so badly so , they had to be admitted to hospital in Owerri , Imo State . The referee officiating a match between was attacked by Heartland football fans after the [ … ]
The post Poor Referee Beaten Unconscious After Final Whistle appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Plans by Heather Mills to take over the former Walkers factory have been welcomed by a local MP .
PepciCo closed its crisp-making plant in Peterlee towards the end of last year when it said it needed to make savings through its Walkers brand , leading to the loss of around 350 jobs .
Now Heather Mills , a former model , activist , business person and media personality , who originally hails from Washington , has confirmed they have bought the Stephenson Road site with the aim of turning it into a production line for their VBites food firm .
That will continue the town 's 50-year tradition of making snacks on the site .
Easington MP Grahame Morris has said they were contacted at around the time the Walkers factory was closing , but was unable to reveal any details as negotiations were under way .
Mr Morris hopes to see a deal rubber-stamped take on the site , with around 130 people to be taken on initially with a chance that could rise to 255 or more as the products make their way into more shops .
Heather Mills , who plans to turn the former Walkers crisp factory in Peterlee into a production plant for their VBites range . Picture : PA .
The MP helped put VBites in contact with parties involved in the site and business support organisations as discussions began .
They said : “ I continue to be very supportive of discussions that have been ongoing with Heather Mills and their representatives since Walkers announced the closure of their Peterlee operation .
“ This could be much needed good news for Peterlee , which has 50 years experience of manufacturing top quality snacks at this site .
“ I would like to thank Heather for their commitment and willingness to invest in our community and in the jobs this project could deliver .
This could be much needed good news for Peterlee , which has 50 years experience of manufacturing top quality snacks at this site . Grahame Morris
“ I look forward to snack food manufacturing returning to Peterlee and would be delighted to see VBites products made in Peterlee on supermarket shelves in the near future .
“ The town has a long tradition of manufacturing high quality products on that site and the hundreds who were made redundant will be interested in the potential that it could reopen . ”
The development has also been welcomed by Tom Allison senior organiser for Durham and Tees with the GMB , which is the union which represented most of the Walkers employees .
They said : “ This could give job opportunities to those who have been unable to secure employment and get well-paid employment , because a lot of job opportunities are of the type with low or minimum wages , rather than good production jobs and we hope we get those back .
Grahame Morris MP , Easington .
“ While this is still in the embryonic stages , we see the plans Heather has and the potential has to offer in terms of employment for the area , but they are also someone who has an understanding of the North East and they know the work ethic of people in this area . ”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
JAMES RISEN TO JOIN FIRST LOOK MEDIA and THE INTERCEPT by
Monday , August 14 2017 @ 10:02 AM EDT
Posted in News & Views
Two-time Pulitzer Prize Winner Named Director of First Look Media 's Press Freedom Defense Fund and The Intercept 's National Security Columnist
NEW YORK , NY – August 14 , 2017 – James Risen , the award-winning journalist and best-selling author , is joining First Look Media to play a unique dual leadership role . They will help defend threatened journalists and whistleblowers while also continuing to investigate and write about national security and other national and international issues for First Look 's investigative news organization , The Intercept .
Risen has been named the Director of First Look Media 's Press Freedom Defense Fund , which supports journalists , filmmakers , whistleblowers and news organizations pursuing legal fights where a substantial public interest , freedom of the press , or related human and civil rights are at stake . Risen will also join The Intercept as Senior National Security Correspondent . Risen will write a reported column on national security and other national issues , as well as help lead investigative reporting projects at The Intercept .
Risen recently left the New York Times after nearly 20 years reporting on the most critical national security issues of our time , including the September 11 terrorist attacks , the Bush Administration 's invasion of Iraq and the proliferation of abuses , such as unwarranted government surveillance and torture , in the guise of the global the war on terror . Risen won the 2006 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting for their stories about the National Security Agency 's domestic spying program , and they were a member of the New York Times reporting team that won the 2002 Pulitzer Prize for explanatory reporting for coverage of the September 11th attacks and terrorism .
Risen also waged a seven-year battle against the government , risking jail after first the Bush Administration and later the Obama Administration sought to force them to testify and reveal their confidential sources in a leak investigation . Risen never gave in , and the government finally backed down .
“ There is no journalist better equipped to cover the national security scandals and abuses of the Trump era than Jim Risen , ” said Intercept Editor-in-Chief Betsy Reed . “ In addition to their role spearheading our investigative national security coverage from Washington , Jim will write regular columns for The Intercept confronting , among other topics , the secretive machinations of the national security state and its lethal consequences at home and abroad . We 're honored and thrilled to have the country 's leading national security journalist bring their vast experience and vision to our team at this critical time . ”
As director of First Look Media 's Press Freedom Defense Fund , a newly created role , Risen will help lead the organization as it seeks to provide assistance to journalists who face legal threats from the United States government or foreign governments for their work , as well as for whistleblowers who face legal threats when they are accused of talking to reporters . Recently , the Press Freedom Defense Fund announced its support for the legal defense of Reality Winner , accused of leaking a top-secret NSA document on Russian election hacking to The Intercept .
“ I am incredibly excited by this amazing and unique opportunity to combine my journalism with efforts to defend press freedom , ” said Risen . “ I am honored to help lead the fund as both America and the world face unprecedented threats to freedom of the press , while also writing and reporting and helping Betsy Reed and their incredible team continue to turn The Intercept into one of the most important investigative reporting outlets in the nation . ”
“ We 're honored to have such a staunch press-freedom advocate serve as the guiding voice of our Press Freedom Defense Fund , ” said Michael Bloom , President of First Look Media . “ Jim is not only a respected journalist who was prepared to sacrifice their own freedom to protect a source , but a very real example of how the press can challenge those in power who misuse laws to fulfill a political agenda . ”
Risen is a graduate of Brown University , where they majored in history . They also received a master 's degree in journalism from the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University . They began their career as a reporter at The Fort Wayne Journal-Gazette , and later worked at The Miami Herald , The Detroit Free Press and The Los Angeles Times . They joined The New York Times in 1998 , where they worked until earlier this summer . They are the author of four books : Wrath of Angels : The American Abortion War ; The Main Enemy : The Inside Story of the CIA 's Final Showdown with the KGB ; State of War , The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration ; and Pay Any Price : Greed , Power and Endless War .
They will continue to be based in Washington , D.C. , and will begin in September .
About The Intercept :
The Intercept , a publication of First Look Media , was launched in 2014 to provide an outlet for fearless , adversarial journalism . Our reporters have the editorial freedom to hold powerful institutions accountable , digging beneath the official lines to bring audiences the hidden truth . The Intercept 's award-winning coverage focuses on national security , politics , civil liberties , the environment , technology , criminal justice , media , and more . Regular contributors include co-founding editors Glenn Greenwald and Jeremy Scahill .
About First Look Media :
A bold , independent spirit defines everything we do at First Look Media – from journalism that holds the powerful accountable , to art and entertainment that shape our culture . Launched by eBay founder and philanthropist Pierre Omidyar , First Look Media is built on the belief that freedom of expression and of the press , diverse voices , and fiercely independent perspectives , are vital to a healthy democracy and a vibrant culture .
LONDON ( AP ) — Firefighters extinguished the last of the flames in the devastating west London blaze as they searched for more victims Thursday , a day after the high-rise apartment building fire that killed at least 12 people . Entire families were missing , and the death toll is certain to rise .
Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said authorities genuinely do n't know how many people died and that firefighters have been traumatized by the inability to save more people .
“ Tragically now we are not expecting to find anyone else alive , ” Cotton told Sky News . “ The severity and the heat of the fire will mean that it will be an absolute miracle for anyone to be left alive . ”
More than 200 firefighters worked through the night and parts of the building were still seen as being unsafe . Now that the smoke has cleared , the public could only gape at the huge burned-out hulk in the working class , multi-ethnic neighborhood .
The blaze early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London 's North Kensington district also injured 74 others , 18 of them critically , and left an unknown number missing . A tenants ' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire .
Up to 600 people lived in 120 apartments in the Grenfell Tower . After announcing the updated death toll of 12 in the afternoon , Cmdr . Stuart Cundy said that “ we believe this number will sadly increase . ”
Prime Minister Theresa May promised an investigation and they planned to visit the site on Thursday . London Mayor Sadiq Khan said many questions must be answered about safety for the scores of other apartment buildings around the British capital .
The London Fire Brigade said it received the first reports of the blaze at 12:54 a.m. and the first engines arrived within six minutes .
Survivors told of frantic attempts to escape during the nighttime fire .
“ The flames , I have never seen anything like it . It just reminded me of 9/11 , ” said Muna Ali , 45 . “ The fire started on the upper floors . … Oh my goodness , it spread so quickly . It had completely spread within half an hour . ”
The cause of the blaze is under investigation , but a tenants ' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire .
More than 1 million pounds ( $ 1.27 million ) has been raised to help victims of the tragedy as volunteers and charities worked through the night to find shelter and food for people who lost their homes .
___
Associated Press writer Frank Griffiths contributed to this report .
Husky Energy announced today that they have agreed to acquire the Superior Refinery in Superior , Wisconsin for for $ 435 million US . The deal is subject to customary closing adjustments .
With this announcement , Husky also said in a press release that the investment decision to expand asphalt capacity in Lloydminster will be delayed until after 2020 .
Media Relations Coordinator Kim Guttormson said in an email , “ it was an attractive acquisition prospect that allows us to add asphalt production capacity for significantly less than a new development . ”
They also said the acquistion , “ will add immediate asphalt production , enhancing our ability to capitalize on growing asphalt demand associated with increasing infrastructure spending across North America . ”
The company currently markets asphalt to the U.S. and Canada .
Guttormson goes on to say , “ we still believe there is a strong economic case for a future asphalt refinery expansion in Lloydminster . ”
They add , “ it will be considered again as our heavy oil production grows . ”
Husky 's total downstream capacity will also increase with the acquisition to approximately 395,000 barrels per day , with 275 , 000 south of the border .
That mille-feuille effect is one of the glories of repertory companies like this one , in which members of a resident troupe of actors play two or three different roles a week in a wide variety of productions . But actually , there are few repertory companies like Stratford 's ; other than the Shaw Festival ( also in Ontario , in Niagara-on-the-Lake ) and the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in Ashland , Ore. , this type of theater has mostly vanished , a victim of its own costs and complications .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Stratford is by far the largest survivor , this year employing a company of 130 actors ( and 420 other artists ) to mount 14 shows in a season that runs from April through October . Along with “ Bakkhai ” and “ Twelfth Night , ” I saw “ Timon of Athens ” and “ Guys and Dolls , ” all in three days . That sampling , with its interplay of Shakespeare , an older classic and a big musical , is reasonably representative , even if I missed the new commissions , modern works and family programs that usually round out the mix .
Four was enough : If no show I saw surpasses its best-ever incarnation , each is strong enough to make a lasting impression . In that regard , the “ Guys and Dolls ” ( through Oct. 29 ) is typical . The latest in a series of musicals recently directed and choreographed for Stratford by Donna Feore , it delivers all the joys of that nearly perfect book and score , here using the excellent 1992 Broadway version ( with a 19-player orchestra ) as the template . The central quartet of actors is engaging and colorful , though among the leading men there is a slight sense of slumming . Not every Nathan Detroit ( Sean Arbuckle ) is also a noted Stratford Banquo or Agamemnon , not every Sky Masterson ( Evan Buliung ) a Pericles or Petruchio . The New Yawk accents are novel .
Video
The women negotiate the musical-theater style with more finesse , especially Blythe Wilson as a believably dim but lovable Miss Adelaide . And in smaller roles the advantages of the repertory system are evident in the quick , confident character choices made by actors who , on other days , are probably appearing in “ H.M.S . Pinafore ” and “ Romeo and Juliet. ” The repertory system does n't , however , account for the narrative verve and daring athleticism of the dancing , which Ms. Feore brings so far forward on the Festival Theater 's thrust stage that you expect to end up with a crapshooter in your lap .
That stage , part of Stratford 's original 1953 design , informs the feeling of many productions here , even those that take place in the three newer performance spaces the festival maintains in this charming city of 31,000 . Sight lines ( and the limited space for traps and flies ) do not permit a great deal of scenery , so the sets are typically minimal and the costumes , in compensation , maximal . The unusual depth of the thrust also means that audience members , even those in the last row of the balcony of the 1,800-seat flagship theater , are never far from the action . This encourages an intimate acting style .
Both qualities are evident in the effervescent “ Twelfth Night ” ( through Oct. 21 ) , which in Martha Henry 's production feels personal but not maudlin . Shannon Taylor ( also appearing in “ School for Scandal ” ) beautifully traces the stages of Olivia 's recovery from grief ; for once , you get the sense that their love for Viola ( in disguise as Cesario ) is drawing them back toward the sunlight in which they always belonged . The comedy and cruelties are nicely balanced , too , with an especially piquant contrast between Geraint Wyn Davies 's Sir Toby Belch — the best and funniest Shakespeare roué I 've encountered — and the scarily dour Malvolio of Rod Beattie . But the star turn in this production comes from Brent Carver as the fool Feste , here a honey-voiced melancholic singing a suite of lovely songs ( set by Reza Jacobs ) while accompanying themselves on glass bowls .
Music plays as large a role in Jillian Kelley 's production of the Euripides drama often known as “ The Bacchae ” but rendered here more Greekly as “ Bakkhai. ” Playing in the round at the festival 's Tom Patterson Theater through Sept. 23 , this highly sexualized version , which required an “ intimacy choreographer , ” imagines the title characters as a throbbing coven of longhaired groupies , somewhere between an ambitious porno and a Summer 's Eve commercial . The 2015 adaptation by the poet Anne Carson also makes much of King Pentheus 's fetishy eagerness to spy on the women ; when they apply lipstick as part of their disguise they do so like someone who has been longing for just this chance .
Photo
That is apt enough , and even an extended sexual encounter between Pentheus and Dionysos , no doubt worked out with the intimacy choreographer , seems justifiable . But larger themes are crowded out by the production 's narrow focus on individual and small group psychopathology . We do n't feel the Euripidean conflict between civilization and hedonism or government and anarchy so much as that between personal repression and liberation . Still , the cheeky modern approach pays off when Ms. Peacock 's Agave , realizing the horrors they have committed while under Dionysos 's influence , faces a contemporary feminine punishment . Off comes the comfy robe ; on go the heels and Spanx . It 's actually devastating .
Because “ Bakkhai ” is playing in the same theater where , earlier that weekend , I saw “ Timon of Athens , ” and because Stratford 's “ Timon ” also has a modern kick , I began to imagine Euripides and Shakespeare discussing hubris in that room . But the “ Timon , ” running through Sept. 21 , makes a strong case , as “ Bakkhai ” ultimately does not , for an awkward and rarely done “ problem play . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Awkward because its first half , an incisive comedy of false friendship , has little to do with its second half , a ragged tragedy of Lear-like madness . The turning point comes when the wealthy and magnanimous Timon realizes what the rest of us already know : Their friends are sycophants , adoring them only as long as the handouts last . Bankruptcy shows them the hard truth .
It 's unclear what truth Shakespeare ( and their probable co-author Thomas Middleton ) meant to show us . This production , directed by Stephen Ouimette , sidesteps the message problem by focusing on the way personal relationships are tested by both largess and loss . The modernizing helps : Fops and poseurs and senators and generals are more easily recognizable in pinstripe suits than Greek chitons . When Timon 's loyal servant Flavius ( Michael Spencer-Davis ) sadly shows their master the household accounts , it makes perfect sense that they are on a laptop — and we instantly understand the bad news that QuickBooks brings .
During the week I saw them in “ Timon , ” Mr. Spencer-Davis , in their seventh Stratford season , was also performing in “ The Changeling ” and rehearsing “ The Madwoman of Chaillot. ” Such a varied menu must be hectic , if thrilling , for an actor . For an audience it is enlightening , and not just because the plays acquire new depth in the process . The audience acquires new depth , too . More than once I found myself forced to wonder how many characters we all have lurking — how many mad Timons and hopeful Adelaides — in the repertory theater of our souls .
How Obama 's govt , Borno Governor , others worked against Jonathan month before Chibok – Reno
Former aide to Ex-President Goodluck Jonathan on electronic media , Pastor Reno Omokri who is equally the author of the latest and widely talked about book on the Nigerian politics and Jonathan 's government , Facts Versus Fiction : The True Story of the Jonathan Years , Chibok , 2015 and the Conspiracies , has , in the video below , revealed that the ex-U.S President Barack Obama 's government and the Borno state Governor and others greatly worked against Jonathan before the 2015 elections .
The post How Obama 's govt , Borno Governor , others worked against Jonathan month before Chibok – Reno appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Beamsville animal rescue group has launched a petition calling on the Ontario SPCA to re-open an animal cruelty investigation at a property where they say more than 100 cats were living and dozens more were dead .
Beamsville4Paw Rescue collected more than 225 signatures in person during a successful adopt-a-thon in Grimsby this weekend for some of the rescued kittens and cats from Merritt Road .
It 's also posted an online petition on its website and through Facebook .
“ People were outraged , ” said Pam Huson , owner of Beamsville4Paw Rescue . “ People were coming and giving me hugs . The petition line was out the door . You could n't even move . So many donations , so much support . ”
The Ontario SPCA told the Standard last Wednesday that it could n't move forward with an investigation or lay animal cruelty charges at the Merritt Road property due to lack of evidence .
Lincoln County Humane Society executive director Kevin Strooband said Monday if more evidence becomes available , the agency can still lay charges .
“ It 's still open because there 's no statute of limitations , ” they said .
Strooband said OSPCA officers did not see evidence of cruelty during their visits to the Merritt Road property . The agency has received photos from the rescue groups , but they said those pictures do n't show evidence required to lay charges either .
If the groups can provide more evidence required for a charge , Strooband said the OSPCA officers are willing to take it . “ They 've been less than forthcoming to this point , ” they said .
The Town of Lincoln does not have a bylaw limiting the number of cats a person can own or have at a residence .
Beamsville4Paw Rescue and Project Save-a-Cat 's Life say they rescued 100 cats , some pregnant with kittens on the way , and found another 150 deceased at the property , which was abandoned by a former tenant believed to be a cat hoarder .
Volunteers have been at the site every day since July 18 catching cats , some injured and many underweight , getting them medical attention and putting them in foster homes .
The story has triggered an outpouring of support from the community .
Huson said more people than expected showed up at Grimsby 's PetValu on Saturday and Sunday to adopt cats , sign the petition or make a donation .
“ They were crying , opening their hearts . It was truly amazing to see the community pull together , ” they said .
Members of Beamsville4Paw Rescue were hoping to adopt out 10 cats but people scooped up 30 .
Huson said the timing was good because one of the pregnant cats at a foster home gave birth on Sunday and they needed more room for newborns .
“ We may be doing the trapping but this is a community project . We would n't be able to do this without the public 's help . Without the people donating , without the people opening their doors for fosters , ” Huson said .
“ I love my community . I do n't think I 'd live anywhere else . The support that we 're getting , you could tell people love their animals . ”
Huson said another group of cats will be up for adoption at the store some time after Labour Day . But people do n't have to wait for the event to adopt and can view the cats at any time in their foster homes . All cats ready for adoption are expected to be listed on the www.beamsville4pawrescue.com website by this Thursday .
Meanwhile , the volunteers continue to visit the property trying to catch one or two stragglers , but believe they 've cleared all others .
“ I 'm amazed at our volunteers and the groups that we have , that in less than a month we have rescued a hundred-plus cats . Truthfully that is amazing and a half , ” Huson said .
“ That 's because of the public . I ca n't thank the public enough . I would n't be able to do it if they did n't open their hearts and their doors . ”
In addition to calling on the OSPCA to re-open its investigation , the rescue group 's petition is asking that the Lincoln County Humane Society be removed from all animal cruelty investigations within the Niagara region and from any services in the Grimsby community . The idea would be to bring in another agency .
Strooband said the Lincoln County Humane Society has done good work with animals in the area .
“ Because this group is not pleased with our decision to date , they want to change the policing of animals in their jurisdiction , which is n't appropriate , ” they said .
Strooband said if there are legitimate concerns , there is a complaint process on OSPCA 's website in the FAQ section . They said they welcome any questions .
“ We 're not concerned about their feelings of a lack of investigation , ” they said . “ We 're concerned that we have n't been provided evidence by them to properly do our jobs , almost to the point of obstructing us when they 're holding evidence they 're not turning over . ”
Volunteers have said they are willing to cooperate in any way they can and want to know what more they can provide .
kwalter @ postmedia.com
Follow @ karena_standard
Nigeria 's exports rises to 1.84mbpd in July on Forcados restart – loading plans
Nigeria 's crude oil exports are set to reach 1.84 million barrels per day ( bpd ) in July , slightly higher month-on-month , because of a recovery in Forcados exports , according to loading programmes . Forcados exports resumed at the end of May after a nearly complete shutdown since February 2016 . The grade 's operator , Shell 's local subsidiary SPDC , issued an…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only . Visit the site and log in/register to read .
The post Nigeria 's exports rises to 1.84mbpd in July on Forcados restart – loading plans appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Movies of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : kasapafmonline.com
2017-10-06
Movie producer , Shirley Frimpong Manso
Ghanaian film director , writer , and producer . Shirley Frimpong Manso won the award for best Narrative Feature Film in the just ended Silicon Valley African Film Festival in San Francisco Bay Area of California .
Them new movie POTATO POTAHTO , alongside an Ethiopian Movie God 's Bridge by Girum Ermyas Gebereselassie were both crowned Narrative Feature Film of the year .
‘ POTATO Potahto ” , an African marital comedy of errors , based in Ghana and directed by one of Africa 's best known female directors , Shirley Frimpong Manso , took the centre stage at the just concluded Cannes film festival , France when it was premiered .
London based Ghanaian soul/jazz singer Sutra and director Edem Dotse also made Ghana proud as they were both honoured with Special Recognition Award for Achievement in Narrative Short for their Waves/The Water music video .
Waves/The Water ( # W ) is a visual narrative or film that merges two songs off their 2016 mixtape The Art of Being .
The Silicon Valley African Film Festival ( SVAFF ) promotes an understanding and appreciation of Africa and Africans through moving images .
Aptly themed “ Africa through the African lens ” , it is the only film festival in California that is exclusively focused on films made by African filmmakers and , crucially , provides audiences with exquisite lenses to the real Africa .
The festival recognizes and celebrates the creation and discovery of cinematic art and innovation , and provides the San Francisco Bay Area community access to the richness , diversity and vitality of Africa 's creative expressions through the lenses of Africa 's seasoned and emerging filmmakers .
SVAFF has built a substantial following and has become an annual destination film event that draws out of state and international guests .
2017 SVAFF Awards List
Festival Awards
EMERGING FILMMAKER AWARD – NADA IBRAHIM ( FINDING ME ) Egypt
NARRATIVE FEATURE FILM AWARD – SHIRLEY FRIMPONG – MANSO ( POTATO POTAHTO ) Ghana and GIRUM ERMYAS GEBERESELASSIE ( GOD 'S BRIDGE ) Ethiopia
NARRATIVE SHORT FILM AWARD – KENI OGUNLOLA ( LODGERS ) Nigeria
DOCUMENTARY FEATURE LENGTH AWARD – SONIA TERRAB ( SHAKEAPEARE IN CASABLANCA ) Morocco
DOCUMENTARY SHORT LENGTH AWARD – OBIANUJUAKU AKUKWE ( AFIA ATTACK ) Nigeria
ANIMATION AWARD – STEPHEN SHIMA LOSUN ( CRUSH ) Nigeria
Diaspora Spotlight Awards
DIASPORA NARRATIVE SHORT AWARD – SEWRA G. KIDANE ( PROCLAMATION PUNCTUATION ) and XAVIER BURGIN ( ON TIME )
DIASPORA DOCUMENTARY SHORT FILM AWARD – ELI JACOBS-FANTAUZZI ( DANCE WITH YOUR HEART )
Special Recognition Awards
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE FEATURE FILM – ARIAM WELDEAB ( FORGIVENESS FOR WHOM ? ) Eritrea
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE FEATURE FILM – SHEMU JOYAH ( THE ROAD TO SUNSHINE ) Malawi
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE FEATURE FILM – ARNOLD AGANZE ( N.G.O . NOTHING GOING ON ) Uganda
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE SHORT FILM – LUNGELO KUZWAYO ( SAWUBONA ) South Africa
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE SHORT FILM – CONT DE MONK ( ZAWAJA GALI ) South Sudan
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE SHORT – SUTRA AND EDEM DOTSE ( WAVES/THE WATER ) Ghana
ACHIEVEMENT IN ANIMATION FILM – GATUMIA GATUMIA ( KURA ) Kenya
ACHIEVEMENT IN DOCUMENTARY SHORT FILM – MAY YAM ( HEALING HANDS ) Namibia / USA
ACHIEVEMENT IN DOCUMENTARY SHORT FILM – OLUWASEUN BABALOLA ( REPRESENT ( SOJU ) Nigeria / USA
All five of America 's living former presidents , pictured together in 2013 , when Barack Obama was still in office , have teamed up to raise money for victims of a string of recent hurricanes ( AFP Photo/JEWEL SAMAD )
Washington ( AFP ) - All five of America 's living former presidents will take the stage later this month to raise money for victims of hurricanes that ravaged the southern United States and the Caribbean .
Former presidents Barack Obama , George W. Bush , Bill Clinton , George H.W . Bush and Jimmy Carter will appear together at a hurricane relief concert at Texas A & M University on October 21 .
The three Democrats and two Republicans have teamed up to raise money for the victims of hurricanes Harvey , Irma and Maria .
The event , titled `` Deep From the Heart : The One America Appeal '' will feature Alabama , The Gatlin Brothers , Lyle Lovett , Robert Earl Keen and Sam Moore .
In a statement , George W. Bush said the members of this most exclusive of clubs were `` very grateful to these wonderful performers -- some of them old friends , some of them new -- for giving their time and talent to help the urgent cause of hurricane recovery in Texas , Florida and the Caribbean . ''
( Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP ) . Defense witness Roslyn Yarbrough arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby 's their sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pa. , Monday , April 23 , 2018 .
( Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP ) . Defense witness Douglas Moss arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby 's their sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pa. , Monday , April 23 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Matt Slocum ) . Bill Cosby departs after their sexual assault retrial , Monday , April 23 , 2018 , at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown .
( AP Photo/Matt Slocum ) . Bill Cosby departs after their sexual assault trial , Monday , April 23 , 2018 , at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown .
( AP Photo/Matt Slocum ) . Bill Cosby departs after their sexual assault retrial , Monday , April 23 , 2018 , at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pa .
By MICHAEL R. SISAK
Associated Press
NORRISTOWN , Pa. ( AP ) - The jury in Bill Cosby 's sexual-assault retrial will begin deliberating Wednesday after a searing day of closing arguments in which the comedian was variously portrayed as a calculating predator who is finally being brought to justice , or the victim of a multimillion-dollar frame-up by a `` pathological liar . ''
The judge sent the seven men and five women back to their hotel Tuesday evening after the jurors indicated they were exhausted from listening to 5½ hours of arguments .
`` I want you well rested . I think you have collectively made a wise decision , '' Judge Steven O'Neill said .
The first big celebrity trial of the # MeToo era pits Cosby , the 80-year-old former TV star whose career and good-guy reputation were destroyed by a barrage of allegations involving drugs and sex , against Andrea Constand , a former Temple University women 's basketball administrator who testified that they drugged and sexually violated them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion 14 years ago .
Five other women got on the witness stand and testified the same thing had happened to them .
`` The time for the defendant to escape justice is over . It 's finally time for the defendant to dine on the banquet of their own consequences , '' prosecutor Stewart Ryan told the jury .
Cosby 's lawyers , meanwhile , argued that the charges were based on `` flimsy , silly , ridiculous evidence . ''
Cosby faces three counts of aggravated indecent assault , each carrying up to 10 years in prison . The jury at their first trial deliberated for over six days last year without reaching a verdict .
Defense attorneys Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that Constand consented to sexual activity , then leveled false accusations against the `` Cosby Show '' star so they could sue them and extract a big settlement .
Constand received nearly $ 3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago in what Mesereau called `` one of the biggest highway robberies of all time . ''
`` You 're dealing with a pathological liar , members of the jury , '' said Mesereau , who won an acquittal in Michael Jackson 's 2005 child-molestation case . `` You are . ''
Cosby 's wife of 54 years looked on from the gallery as their lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him , the first time they have attended the trial . Camille Cosby , 74 , had stayed away as the prosecution built its case that their husband maintained a sordid double life , plying women with drugs and preying on them sexually .
Before the jury came in , they went to the defense table and put their arm around Cosby , who is legally blind . They embraced , smiled and chatted , and they gave them a peck on the cheek . When it was the prosecution 's turn to argue , they left the courtroom , and Constand entered .
Constand , 45 , alleges Cosby knocked them out with three pills they called `` your friends '' and molested them in January 2004 . Them account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them , too - including one woman who asked them through their tears , `` You remember , do n't you , Mr . Cosby ? ''
The defense ripped into the other accusers Tuesday , saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to fabricate their accounts .
After last year 's hung jury , the defense team also mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand 's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby 's arrest was even legal .
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson , a former Temple colleague of Constand 's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit .
Kristen Feden , another prosecutor , bristled at what they called the defense 's `` horrible character assassination '' of Constand and the other women .
They called Cosby the true con artist - wresting that label from Cosby 's lawyers , who had applied it to Constand throughout the two-week trial .
`` Yes , you did hear about a con , '' Feden said , their voice rising as they moved toward Cosby and pointed at him . `` The perpetrator of that con is this man , sitting right here . ''
The prosecutor said Cosby used their nice-guy image as America 's Dad to prey on women . `` He is nothing like the image that they played on TV , '' Feden warned the jurors .
The defense highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years .
Cosby 's lawyers also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand , as well as a schedule for the Temple women 's basketball team , saying they are proof the alleged assault could n't have happened when they say it did . Prosecutors have noted that Cosby 's travel records have large gaps in time .
In arguing over when Cosby 's encounter with Constand took place , Cosby 's lawyers sought to suggest that the comedian was charged after the 12-year statute of limitations for prosecuting them had run out .
Bliss argued that Cosby was an innocent man caught up in the `` emotion and anger '' of the # MeToo movement against sexual misconduct . Cosby was arrested years before # MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein , Matt Lauer , Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken .
The criminal case was the only one to arise from allegations from more than 60 women who say Cosby engaged in sexual misconduct with them going back five decades .
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission . Constand has done so .
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days , not five .
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https : //twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https : //www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
More on T-CAR procedure at Carilion for stroke prevention
| By
A private-public partnership that developed equipment to make blood flow away from the brain – to a filter – is a less invasive method to combat stroke . WFIR 's Gene Marrano follows up on a surgical breakthrough we touched on earlier :
7-4 T-Car Wrap # 2-WEB
As far as the ‘ it ' factor goes , this 10-year-old most definitely has it .
JD McCrary was at a Los Angeles Clippers NBA game over the weekend ( Dec. 9 ) when they were called down to the court to play a round of “ finish the lyrics . ”
Related : Will Elton John and Beyoncé Update ‘ Lion King ' Classics for Remake ?
Not only did McCrary know every note and word to the Jackson 5 's version of Smokey Robinson 's classic , “ Who 's Lovin ' You , ” but their vocals were incredible .
McCrary is set to star as Simba in the upcoming live-action version of The Lion King movie alongside stars like Beyoncé and Donald Glover . McCrary has worked with Glover before , appearing on the song “ Terrified ” from Childish Gambino 's Grammy nominated album , Awaken My Love .
Seeing the young star in action gives us high hopes for the new Lion King .
School is just a few short weeks away and Kathy Buckworth was here today with ideas on how to teach your kids financial literacy and how to get maximum value without spending maximum dollars .
Mining companies voiced outrage on Wednesday over Environment Secretary Gina Lopez 's decision to cancel 75 mining contracts , days after they ordered 23 mines shut and five other suspended .
The Chamber of Mines of the Philippines said it would fight Lopez 's decision , warning it threatened $ 22 billion worth of projects .
The contracts are for projects in the pipeline but are not yet operating .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ She 's out to kill the industry . We do not see a future for us under her , ” said Ronald Recidoro , the chamber 's vice president for legal and policy affairs .
Lopez 's decision has put the government at risk of spending “ several billions of dollars ” in taxpayer money should the mining companies go to court and sue for full reimbursement of their investments , according to Dante Bravo , president of Global Ferronickel Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary , Platinum Group Metals Corp .
“ Under the law , there is an investment guarantee , ” Bravo told a news forum in Quezon City on Wednesday . “ Congress will have to pass a law to pay for this damage or for the return of investment for all the mining companies affected. ” —WITH A REPORT FROM AFP
Sansha rescue center saves 113 people in 2016
The search and rescue center in China 's southernmost island city Sansha successfully rescued 113 people in 2016 , both helping save people 's lives and assets .
The center mobilized 13 vessels and six aircraft trips in 21 emergencies , securing a 99.1 percent success rate , the center said .
Over the past year , the center helped resist four tropical storms , or typhoons , that swept across the city , it said in a statement .
It also organized maritime emergency response drills for nearly 300 people from 19 organizations in the city .
Sansha was established in July 2012 to administer more than 200 islets , sandbanks and reefs in the Xisha , Zhongsha and Nansha groups as well as 2 million square kilometers of surrounding waters in the South China Sea . The city search and rescue center was inaugurated the following year . – CRI
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “ activate now ” button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
UN Ambassador Says Women Who Accused Trump Of Sexual Misconduct Should Be Heard
UN Ambassador Says Women Who Accused Trump Of Sexual Misconduct Should Be Heard
Nikki Haley , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said on Sunday that any woman who has felt violated or mistreated by a man has every right to speak up , even if they are accusing President Donald Trump .
“ Women who accuse anyone should be heard , ” Haley said on CBS 's “ Face the Nation. ” “ They should be heard , and they should be dealt with . ”
Washington has been roiled by sexual misconduct scandals , with accusations leading to the resignations last week of three members of Congress .
The growing wave of women reporting abuse or misconduct has brought down powerful men , from movie producer Harvey Weinstein to popular television personality Matt Lauer .
More than 10 women have accused Trump of sexual misconduct before they were president . While filming a segment of the television program “ Access Hollywood , ” they talked about kissing and groping women .
Trump has denied the misconduct allegations , although they apologized for their comments , which they called “ locker room ” talk .
White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said on Thursday that sexual harassment allegations against Trump were addressed by the American people when they voted them into office in November 2016 .
Asked whether Trump 's election settled the matter , Haley said : “ That 's for the people to decide . I know that they were elected , but women should always feel comfortable coming forward , and we should all be willing to listen to them . ”
As anticipated , activist and actor Cynthia Nixon has announced their candidacy for governor of New York . Nixon released a campaign video on Monday .
Said Nixon in the clip : “ Our leaders are letting us down . Something has to change . We want our government to work again , on health care , ending mass incarceration , fixing our broken subway . We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us . It ca n't just be business as usual anymore . ”
Nixon will challenge Democratic Governor Andrew Cuomo from the left . Last week , The Daily Beast reported that Cuomo was spooked by the idea after Mayor Bill De Blasio showed their support for Nixon :
The day after NY1 broke the news Nixon had met with the mayor 's advisors , Cuomo scoffed that either de Blasio or Vladimir Putin had put them up to it , sneering on a conference call with reporters , “ I 'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel do n't get into the race because if it 's just about name recognition , that would really be a problem . ”
De Blasio , who 's continually trying , and usually failing , to boost their own standing as a national political player , returned the volley in a press conference hours later , calling Nixon “ extraordinary ” and a “ strong independent woman who makes their own decisions . ”
Key Matches Of The 2017/18 Premier League Season
The Premier League 2017/18 season will be getting under full swing come August 12 , and reigning champions Chelsea , will start with a match against Burnley .
The second week will pit the first and second of the 2016/17 season against each other . With Chelsea playing Tottenham .
The Manchester derby will be played on the same weekend as the Merseyside derby , pitting Everton and Liverpool , as they play April 9 .
Arsenal play Liverpool in their third game of the season come August 26 . United will play West Ham in their opener .
Manchester City will play Brighton on the opening day and Newcastle will play Spurs on their first day back in the league .
Opening day fixtures :
Arsenal v Leicester City
Brighton and Hove Albion v Manchester City
Chelsea v Burnley
Crystal Palace v Huddersfield Town
Everton v Stoke City
Manchester United v West Ham United
Newcastle United v Tottenham Hotspur
Southampton v Swansea City
Watford v Liverpool
West Bromwich Albion v Bournemouth
Final day fixtures :
Burnley v Bournemouth
Crystal Palace v West Bromwich Albion
Huddersfield Town v Arsenal
Liverpool v Brighton and Hove Albion
Manchester United v Watford
Newcastle United v Chelsea
Southampton v Manchester City
Swansea City v Stoke City
Tottenham Hotspur v Leicester City
West Ham United v Everton
The post Key Matches Of The 2017/18 Premier League Season appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DAVAO CITY—At least 10 people died while eight others were injured after a passenger van smashed into a truck in Bunawan district here on Wednesday morning , police and rescuers said .
Nine of the victims died in the crash site while another died while being taken to a hospital , according to Senior Insp . Ma . Teresita Gaspan , Davao City police spokesperson . The fatalities included the van driver .
The van came from Monkayo town in Compostela Valley province and was heading to the Davao City center when it crashed into a Davao del Norte province-bound truck on the opposite lane past 5 a.m .
ADVERTISEMENT
Vice Mayor Paolo Duterte assailed several government agencies for their apparent failure to impose discipline on drivers of public utility vehicles plying the city following Wednesday 's accident .
“ It seems that authorities have again faltered in their duties and obligations , ” they said .
Enacted in 2013 , Executive Order No . 30 set the speed limits for all kinds of motor vehicles from 30 kilometers per hour ( kph ) within the city center to 60 kph along national roads leading to its northern , southern and easternmost entry points .
Duterte , son of President Duterte , said the city saw a remarkable drop in deaths from road accidents when the ordinance was implemented four years ago .
Duterte said they had been calling the attention of personnel from the Land Transportation Office , Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board , and the city transportation and traffic management office to discipline van and bus drivers entering Davao City as well as jeepney drivers plying the southern route .
A series of fatal accidents involving passenger jeepneys , locally known as “ uso-uso , ” plying the southern districts of Toril and Talomo had prompted city legislators to impose speed limits on the regional capital 's major roads .
“ To the families of the victims , we regret your loss , ” Duterte said . RJLA
Tokyo 2020 President Yoshirō Mori has expressed their desire to learn from organisers of the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympics , when a delegation visits during next year 's Games .
It will provide Tokyo 2020 with the final opportunity to learn from the preparations and staging of an Olympic and Paralympic Games , prior to the Japanese capital hosting the Summer version two years later .
Mori claimed the build-up to Pyeongchang 2018 has gained the interest of the Japanese population , particularly since the launch of the Olympic Torch Relay .
Tokyo 2020 will participate in the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) Observers Programme in South Korea .
“ A lot of members on our side will participate in programmes in Pyeongchang , ” Mori said .
“ Our athletes will be showing great performance at the Winter Games .
“ It will expand the excitement and enthusiasm among young people .
“ People are very interested in the torch relay , as well as the Ceremonies of the Olympic and Paralympic Games .
“ It is gathering a lot of attention .
“ They are now wondering what our relay and Ceremonies will be like . ”
The IOC 's observers programme is aimed at providing a behind the scenes look at the operational demands of hosting and Olympic Games .
It offers future organising committees and potential bidding cities the chance to learn from the operations , which is hoped they could then be able to apply and improve upon for their own Games .
Ticketing systems , transport infrastructure , medical facilities and press and media operations are among the areas that would be assessed by the programme .
Tokyo 2020 will be able to learn from organisers operations behind the scenes in Pyeongchang 2018 ©Getty Images
Olympic and Paralympic Organising Committees from Pyeongchang 2018 , Tokyo 2020 and Beijing 2022 announced in March they would seek to work together to ensure the success of the three back-to-back Games in Asia .
It was claimed this would include the transfer of organisation know-how as well as exchanges of staff , as well as joint promotional activities at Pyeongchang2018 , including the staging of various joint cultural events .
The move was viewed as significant given the increasingly historically fraught diplomatic relationships between South Korea , Japan and China .
Australia 's John Coates , chair of the IOC Coordination Commission , expressed their view that Tokyo 2020 would learn a lot from attending the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang .
They made the statement during the Commission 's three-day visit here , which began yesterday .
The Commission visited the Aomi and Ariake venues , which were last week confirmed as the sites for urban sports events .
The Aomi Urban Sports Venue will host basketball 3x3 and sport climbing , while Ariake in the Tokyo Bay Zone will welcome BMX racing , BMX freestyle and skateboarding .
They also visited theOlympic Gymnastics Centre and canoe slalom course , which were claimed to have enjoyed significant recent progress .
The former is expected to become an exhibition hall following the Games .
Back in June , Guido told you a consensus was forming between Hammond , Fox et al on a time-limited 2-3 year transition outside the single market and customs union . As other publications breathlessly reported on Cabinet splits and Brexit coming off the rails , we wrote :
“ Everyone in government including Philip Hammond agrees on a destination outside the single market and customs union… Hammond and Leavers now agree on a “ softer landing ” , so long as the transition is short and time-limited… this seems to Guido a sensible approach for a smooth , real Brexit . ”
Yesterday Hammond and Fox dashed the hopes of the less reality-based Remainers , writing a joint article for the Sunday Telegraph confirming what Guido readers already knew :
“ We will leave the customs union and be free to negotiate the best trade deals around the world as an independent , open , trading nation . We will leave the single market , because there was a vote for change on June 23rd and that is what we will deliver… We believe a time-limited interim period will be important to further our national interest and give business greater certainty – but it can not be indefinite ; it can not be a back door to staying in the EU . ”
A lot of what is being published by the FT , Guardian and Evening Standard at the moment is wishful thinking , and sometimes just plain wrong . For weeks they reported the government was being torn apart by splits over the transition . Then Osborne 's Standard praised Hammond for securing victory on the transition and said the government had made the “ right call ” . Today Remainers are moaning Hammond has “ caved in ” . The reality has been clear for some time for those willing to see it : a time-limited 2-3 year transition outside the single market and customs union . As Guido readers have known for months…
LOS ANGELES – Say what you will about Jim Buss , but they do n't deserve this .
Not to watch every day as their fiercest critic openly campaigns for their job . Not while Jeanie Buss endorses Magic Johnson 's every step by remaining silent . Not while they still have a job to do , even as they must be wondering whether he 's even empowered to do it anymore .
This is death by slow bleed , the sort of torture the Geneva Conventions were meant to eradicate .
Jim Buss has been a flawed executive . They lack the gravitas that transformed their humble-beginnings father into an icon and has been unable to successfully navigate a modern NBA far more complicated than the one Dr. Jerry Buss made their playground .
Marquee free agents have shunned Buss and the Lakers . The deals they and General Manager Mitch Kupchak have struck over the past half decade were disasters . Steve Nash and Dwight Howard yielded not one playoff victory and continue to cripple the franchise thanks to draft picks owed .
The sum total is that Buss has not been good enough . They deserve to be replaced atop the Lakers at the culmination of a fourth straight losing season . But not like this .
On Tuesday , Johnson appeared on ESPN and not only said they want to be the Lakers ' President of Basketball Operations , but that if Jim and Jeanie remained dueling figureheads they would not be interested in any other position .
“ I 've got enough things I could be doing , ” they said .
Never mind that they have zero experience managing an NBA front office . Their only qualifications for such a position are the five championships they won as a player , and those are not transferrable .
They have a ring for every finger , yes , and that includes the middle one they are waving in Jim 's face .
Did Jeanie Buss anticipate this sort of strong-arming when they enlisted Johnson as an adviser to ownership earlier this month ?
The rollout has been a public relations nightmare . Jeanie has not shared their vision for the organization 's future with Johnson aboard . If it is for them to eventually replace their brother , Johnson should have kept their mouth shut until Jim either stepped aside or was fired .
If Magic could not do that , then Jeanie should not have announced Johnson was coming on until the deed was done .
What we have instead is a situation that is not only awkward , but heartless .
Nobody knows if this was a shrewd , calculated move to hasten Jim Buss ' removal from power or a rogue power grab .
The onus falls on Jeanie Buss to explain , but they have been conspicuously silent . The window to clarify Johnson 's remarks and establish the roles of their brother , Kupchak and Johnson is closing .
When Jeanie Buss invited Johnson to take a seat at the proverbial table , they should have known they would head right for the big chair . In fact , the best you can say about Jeanie 's role in the fiasco is that they underestimated a man they have known and confided in since 1979 .
Them inability to muzzle Johnson amid their current media junket , apparently scheduled before they signed on with the Lakers , is beyond problematic .
If they do n't toe the line now , what happens when they actually take on power ?
By empowering Johnson , Jeanie Buss no longer controls the organization 's message .
As the Lakers have descended into the darkest depths of the franchise 's history , they have been largely immune from criticism . This situation , far more chaotic than it ever needed to be , is strike one .
They are drawing question marks that previously were not there .
The carnage might be short-lived . If Johnson oversees a 17th championship banner being lifted into the rafters at Staples Center , few will remember or care how they came to replace old ... what was theirs name ?
“ From here on out , ” Johnson told the hosts of ESPN 's “ First Take , ” “ it has to be one message , one team , one voice . Because if it does n't come to that , the losing continues . ”
Johnson is revered and players respect him . Their voice will carry weight in free agent pitches ; far more than Jim 's ever did . They will win every press conference they hold .
Jim Buss will be gone . That , however , is no longer the comfort everyone believed it to be .
It is now clear that those who remain are just as capable of making a mess of things as they ever are .
Contact the writer : boram @ scng.com
Special to the Herald
10 Big Spring boys powerlifters competed in the Boys Regional Powerlifting Meet this past weekend in Sundown . Here are the results :
Ivan Delgado placed 6th in the 242 lb class – Ivan had personal best lifts in the Squat ( 560 lbs ) , Bench ( 310 lbs ) , and Total ( 1,300 lbs )
Jordan Dunn placed 6th in the Superheavyweight class – Jordan had personal best lifts in the Squat ( 605 lbs ) , Bench ( 355 lbs ) , and Total ( 1,440 lbs )
Mattox Evans placed 8th in the 114 lb class – Mattox had a personal best lift in the Bench ( 115 lbs )
Cruz Martinez placed 8th in the 123 lb class – Cruz had personal best lifts in the Deadlift ( 270 lbs ) and Total ( 270 lbs )
Sean Mendoza placed 7th in the 123 lb class – Sean had personal best lifts in the Squat ( 295 lbs ) , Bench ( 145 lbs ) , and Total ( 750 lbs )
Morris Norman placed 7th in the 114 lb class – Morris had personal best lifts in the Squat ( 190 lbs ) , Bench ( 150 lbs ) , Deadlift ( 270 lbs ) , and Total ( 615 lbs )
Bryson Ovalle placed 4th in the 123 lb class
Joshua Lopez placed 7th in the 132 lb class – Joshua had personal best lifts in the Deadlift ( 335 lbs ) and Total ( 790 lbs )
Jared Paredez placed 3rd in the 114 lb class – Jared had a personal best lift in the Squat ( 295 lbs ) – with their 3rd place finish , Jared is a State Meet Alternate Lifter , and will be traveling to the State Meet in Abilene
Justin Ormsby won the 132 lb class and is the Regional Champion – Justin had a personal best lift in the Squat ( 440 lbs ) – Justin will be competing in the State Meet in Abilene
Coach McWilliams said after the meet . “ I am so proud of our Steer athletes ! Not only am I proud of our Regional Qualifiers , but am proud of all of our young men who powerlifted this year . The future is bright for Big Spring Steer Powerlifting ! ”
Fifty-four-year-old osteopathic physician Larry Nassar , who operated out of Michigan State and served as the head doctor for Team USA Gymnastics since 1992 , will spend the rest of their life behind bars . Nassar was found guilty of molesting over 250 young women and possessing child pornography . The fact that this man was able to operate and even earn praise for their practice , from 1992 until 2014 , is shameful , and the situation is far from being rectified .
While their trial may be over and their justice has technically been served , Michigan State , the NCAA and USA Gymnastics must all confront and dismantle the systems that lead to systemic shielding of a perverted criminal . This process has already led to the ousting of Michigan State 's President , Lou Anna K. Simon and Athletic Director , Mark Hollis will surely lead to more lost jobs at that university . Further , in the wake of the scandal , at the request of the U.S. Olympic Committee , the entire USA Gymnastics board resigned and the organization is embroiled in various lawsuits around the country .
Beyond investigating and removing faulty , Michigan State officials and USA Gymnastics employees , the NCAA has to confront reports that its CEO , Mark Emmert , had knowledge of 37 sexual assault cases at Michigan State in 2010 , but chose to shield the university . In a letter sent to the NCAA Board of Governors , Division I Board of Directors , Division II Presidents Council and the Division III Presidents Council , Emmert defended himself .
“ You may have seen a report in The Athletic and subsequently repeated in other news outlets yesterday evening that infers in the headline I was informed of widespread sexual assault at Michigan State University in 2010 , ” Emmert said . “ The implication of the headline , which has also been widely repeated , is that I was informed of sexual assaults at MSU by a whistleblower and did nothing in response . Nothing could be further from the truth . ”
Emmert continued the letter by explaining the various steps that the NCAA has taken in recent years to prevent sexual assault in college athletics . Despite their claims of innocence , Emmert has been a controversial figure in the sports world for years , and is seen by many as shady . Therefore , it will be interesting to see if subsequent reporting validates Emmert 's claims of innocence , or if The Athletic 's original report holds true .
Perhaps the most shocking takeaway from this tragic scenario is that our college athletes are criminally vulnerable . It is unfathomable that so many young women could have been so brazenly taken advantage of for over two decades , all while their perpetrator was given praise and protection .
It would be naïve to suggest that a scandal of this proportion could not happen elsewhere , and universities along with programs like USA Gymnastics have a moral obligation to create new policies tailored specifically to prevent another Larry Nassar from ruining the lives of any more victims .
Transcript for Report : Trump being investigated by special counsel for obstruction of justice
And Syria while I have it was the president deals with tone the tenor in this country he 's also dealing with a new headline breaking late today just as we came on . The Washington Post now reporting that Robert Mueller the special counsel . Could be investigating the president for possible obstruction of justice . Yet this report says that essentially President Trump is now part of this investigation personally . That they are looking into . Possible obstruction of justice of course former FBI director James Connolly just recently testified . They they had told the president they were not personally part of the investigation that was under their tenure though . This now seems to have changed we did David just get a statement . From the president 's legal team they are calling this a leak that is outrageous inexcusable . And illegal .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
1633 California St. , # 204 ( Polk )
5810 Mission St. ( Outer Mission )
3459 Divisadero St. ( Marina )
443 8th Ave. , # 2 ( Inner Richmond )
1040 Sutter St. , # 22 ( Lower Nob Hill )
Curious just how far your dollar goes in San Francisco ? We 've rounded up the latest rental listings via rental site Zumper to get a sense of what to expect when it comes to finding an apartment in San Francisco with a budget of $ 2,600 / month.Take a look at the listings , below . ( Note : prices and availability are subject to change . ) -- -Here 's a one-bedroom , one-bathroom apartment at 1633 California St. that 's going for $ 2,600 / month.In the unit , you 'll get hardwood floors , a walk-in closet , a stove , French doors , large windows and plenty of cabinet space . Animals are not welcome . Building amenities include on-site management and secured entry.Walk Score indicates that the surrounding area has excellent walkability , is quite bikeable and has excellent transit . ( Check out the complete listing here . ) Next , check out this 965-square-foot one-bedroom , one-bathroom residence that 's located at 5810 Mission St . It 's also listed for $ 2,600 / month.In the unit , you 'll get hardwood floors , a dishwasher , a balcony , bay windows , stainless steel appliances and granite countertops . Building amenities include an elevator , assigned parking , on-site management and additional storage space . Pets are not permitted.According to Walk Score 's assessment , the surrounding area is very walkable , is relatively bikeable and has good transit options . ( See the complete listing here . ) Located at 3459 Divisadero St. , here 's a studio apartment that 's listed for $ 2,600/ month.In the unit , you can expect hardwood floors , a walk-in closet , floor-to-ceiling windows , a stove and built-in bookshelves . When it comes to building amenities , expect on-site laundry , garage parking and on-site management . Neither cats nor dogs are welcome.Per Walk Score ratings , this location is a `` walker 's paradise , '' is very bikeable and is a haven for transit riders . ( See the complete listing here . ) Here 's a one-bedroom , one-bathroom apartment at 443 8th Ave. that 's going for $ 2,595 / month.The apartment features carpeting , plenty of closet space , an oven and wooden cabinetry . Garage parking is available as a building amenity . Animals are not permitted.According to Walk Score , this location has excellent walkability , is a `` biker 's paradise '' and is a haven for transit riders . ( See the full listing here . ) Located at 1040 Sutter St. , here 's a one-bedroom , one-bathroom apartment that 's also listed for $ 2,595 / month.In the apartment , you 'll find hardwood floors , a dishwasher , stainless steel appliances and ample natural light . If you 've got a pet , you 'll be happy to learn that cats and dogs are allowed . Building amenities include on-site laundry.Per Walk Score ratings , the surrounding area is extremely walkable , is convenient for biking and is a haven for transit riders . ( Take a gander at the complete listing here . )
Celebrating 50 years of the Monterey Pop Festival at the Palace Picture House
On a beautiful June weekend in 1967 , at the height of the Summer of Love , the first and only Monterey International Pop Festival roared forward , capturing a decade 's spirit and ushering in a new era of rock and roll .
Monterey would launch the careers of Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , and Otis Redding , but they were just a few among a wildly diverse cast that included Simon and Garfunkel , The Mamas and The Papas , The Who , The Byrds , Hugh Masekela , and the extraordinary Ravi Shankar .
With their characteristic vérité style , D. A. Pennebaker captured it all , immortalizing moments that have become legend : Pete Townshend destroying their guitar , Jimi Hendrix burning his , and some of the most memorable music ever performed love that set the tone for an entire generation .
Now you can relive the experience in with the Monterey Pop 50th Anniversary Celebration in a fantastic 4K restoration , debuting this Friday and running all weekend at The Palace Picture House .
Even better , proceeds from the screenings will benefit the fifth annual Chattanooga Film Festival , to be held in April of 2018 , and will feature a short documentary of Dick Dale made by students at the STEM School in conjunction with Songbirds Guitar Museum .
Monterey Pop 50th Anniversary Celebration
Opens Friday , 6 p.m .
Palace Picture House
818 Georgia Ave .
( 423 ) 803-6578
www.chattpalace.com
Playing Russian Roulette With Turkey
On December 19 , 2016 , the Russian ambassador to Turkey , Andrei Karlov , was only moments into their speech at an art gallery in Turkey 's capital , Ankara , when 22-year-old off-duty Turkish police officer , Mevlut Mert Altintas , shot them from behind , instantly killing him .
It was a shocking moment for all those who were watching all over the world , but , ultimately , it worsened the global impression of Turkish president Recep Tayip Erdoğan , the lack of control they exert on their country 's political sphere , complicates Russian-Turkish diplomatic relations .
Worse , it gives credence to the fact that some external forces are trying to take the country to the dogs , just by making Erdoğan look incompetent .
True , in 2011 , when the war in Syria began , Russia became an ally to the government of Assad of Syria , but , it is not affect relationships with Turkey ; perhaps , it was to the disappointment and chagrin of a number of Syrians .
Turkey and Russia forged a deal in June to normalise relations , which were badly damaged in November last year over the downing of a Russian war jet by Turkish planes on the Syrian border .
President Tayyip Erdoğan has in the last months remained largely silent on Russian bombing in Syria .
But with Assad and their supporters closing in on a major victory in Aleppo , there have been almost daily protests outside the Russian embassy and consulate in Ankara and Istanbul in the week before the assassination .
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu on Tuesday joined a meeting of their Russian and Iranian counterparts , agreeing that a truce in Aleppo should be widened .
But a Turkish official denied any secret ‘ bargain ' with Russia and said the two sides had ‘ agreed to disagree ' on the key issue of the future of Russia 's ally Assad .
Experts have suggested that Erdoğan 's government is walking on a ‘ tightrope ' in its effort to cooperate with Russia over the future of Syria .
Now , it is imperative to note that , in a war , there would always be grieved parties , for some reason – whether they are clear or not . There is a war in Syria and , with Assad being an ally of Putin , it is only normal that they both should align .
Also , the decision of Turkey and Russia to align and bring about an end to the war in the neighbouring country was for the greater and not , as widely thought , due totally to political interests ; for , the constant war in the region would lead to humanitarian emergencies and an increased influx of immigrants across the border .
Besides all the hue and cry over the death of the Russian envoy , it is clear that an external hand , one of influence and local connections , is trying to make a mockery of a great state like Turkey . This far-reaching group/individual has been manipulating issues and events in the state since July , when they/he tried to cause chaos in the country and attempt to over-throw a democratically elected government .
According to influential Turkish national daily , Daily Sabah , though , the 22-year-old riot police officer who shot ambassador Andrei Karlov had links to the Gülen movement .
Again , Gulen is named and , though , it is probable that they may or may not be responsible , there is no smoke without fire . The U.S.-based Muslim cleric has been fingered for orchestrating a failed coup in July .
The newspaper stated that gunman Mevlut Mert Altintas is linked to journalist Abdullah Bozkurt via a home address they apparently listed on an official form .
“ The home address written in the official document is also the Turkish address of Abdullah Bozkurt , a high-ranking Gülenist militant currently living in the U.S. and the former Ankara correspondent of now-closed newspaper Today 's Zaman . The newspaper was regarded as the mouthpiece of the terrorist cult , ” the Daily Sabah article said .
Bozkurt , a die-hard ally of the Gulenist movement , is famously unpopular with the government and claims they are now being used as a scapegoat for the incident in Ankara . Bozkurt was among a group of editors fired from the Today 's Zaman newspaper in March this year when the government insisted it was taken over by trustees .
Turkish police reportedly fired tear gas and used a water cannon to enter the paper 's office .
Moscow and Ankara have blamed the attack on “ terrorists ” seeking to sabotage bilateral relations and damage efforts to make peace in Syria .
“ It benefits those who want to drive a wedge between Russia and Turkey ” and undermine joint efforts to find a settlement in Syria , Dmitry Peskov , Vladimir Putin 's spokesperson said .
The truth is still a long way off , but , if at all Gulen is responsible – for it is , indeed , possible that they could be – it would profit all of Turkey to desist , state their demands or come contest against Erdoğan openly , instead of carrying out clandestine operations and making the country look bad in the eyes of the global press and the diplomatic community .
Erdoğan is certainly not orchestrating the killing of their countrymen and women . This whole charade of causing a country to slip into the abyss of lawlessness over exaggerated interests would only amount to playing roulette with the Russians and , ultimately , causing Turkey to be the loser in the end .
– Omar is public affairs analyst , they wrote in from Abuja
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There was a showdown in the National Assembly on Wednesday over claims by outspoken Matabeleland South proportional representation MP , Priscilla Misihairabwi-Mushonga , that 70 percent of sitting legislators were HIV positive .
Harare South Zanu PF legislator Shadreck Mashayamombe demanded that Misihairabwi-Mushonga withdraw their statement .
But they rose on a point of order and said : “ Hon . Speaker , there is somebody who is insulting me , Mashayamombe from there . ”
“ Do not be a coward . What kind of man are you ? You are sick , ” Misihairabwi-Mushonga fumed .
Speaker Jacob Mudenda then said : “ What is the insult , I did not hear it . ”
Mashayamombe said : “ The Hon . Member is the one who said that 70 percent of the MPs are HIV positive , hence they are the one who agreed that they have ( HIV ) /Aids . ”
“ Order , order ! ” bellowed Mudenda .
After some badgering from Mashayamombe , Misihairabwi-Mushonga said : “ No , no , no Mr Speaker . I will not be intimidated in this House . I refuse to be intimidated . ”
Misihairabwi-Mushonga then approached the Speaker 's chair and Mashayamombe was ejected from the National Assembly . Daily News
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on Ronny Jackson , President Donald Trump 's pick to be secretary of Veterans Affairs ( all times local ) :
9:20 a.m .
The White House is standing behind Ronny Jackson , President Donald Trump 's choice to be Veterans Affairs secretary amid growing questions about their qualifications .
Spokesman Hogan Gidley is praising Jackson , who is Trump 's White House doctor and a Navy rear admiral , for serving as a physician to three U.S. presidents , both Republican and Democrat . They say Jackson has a record of `` strong decisive leadership '' and is `` exactly what 's needed at the VA . ''
Senators have been discussing plans to delay Jackson 's confirmation hearing , saying more time may be needed to review whether Jackson can manage a massive agency of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans .
The hearing is scheduled for Wednesday .
___
1:46 a.m .
Senators are discussing plans to delay the confirmation hearing for President Donald Trump 's pick to be Veteran Affairs secretary over growing questions about the nominee 's ability to manage the government 's second-largest department .
The hearing for Ronny Jackson , Trump 's White House doctor , is scheduled for Wednesday .
Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal says some Republicans have told them that they think the hearing should be postponed , which they say deserves consideration .
Blumenthal says they think there may well be a need for more time , in fairness to Jackson , so that they and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly .
Blumenthal declined to discuss why more time might be needed .
White House and VA officials are also discussing a delay with key allies outside the administration .
Toyota and Mazda Team for $ 1.6 Billion Electric Vehicle Plant
Japanese automakers Toyota Motor Corp. and Mazda Motor Corp. plan to spend $ 1.6 billion to build a joint-venture auto manufacturing plant in the U.S. -- a move that will create up to 4,000 jobs , both sides said Friday .
The plant will have an annual production capacity of about 300,000 vehicles , and will produce Toyota Corollas for the North American market . Mazda will make cross-over models there that it plans to introduce to that market , the companies said .
Toyota and Mazda are forming a capital alliance and splitting the cost for the plant equally . It is due to begin operations by 2021 .
After reassessing the market , Toyota has changed its plan to make Corollas at a plant in Guanajuato , Mexico , now under construction , and instead will produce Tacoma pickups there , Toyota President Akio Toyoda said .
President Donald Trump had criticized Toyota for taking auto production and jobs to Mexico . With the investment , both automakers can hope to prove their good American corporate citizenship and appease the Trump administration 's concerns about jobs moving overseas .
Toyoda denied that Trump 's views influenced their decision .
`` We have been reviewing the best production strategy for our business , '' they told reporters at a Tokyo hotel , after shaking hands with Mazda 's president .
Trump welcomed the announcement in a Tweet : `` Toyota & Mazda to build a new $ 1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs . A great investment in American manufacturing ! ''
Toyota would n't say where the plant would be built , but it 's likely to be in the South , near the rest of the company 's U.S. factories . Also , since this plant will build the Corolla , it likely will be near Toyota 's current Corolla plant in Mississippi to be close to parts supply companies .
The companies also plan to work together on various advanced auto technology , such as electric vehicles , safety features and connected cars , as well as products that they could supply each other , they said .
Toyota plans to acquire 31,928,500 shares of common stock newly issued by Mazda through a third-party allotment , which will amount to a 5.05 percent stake in Mazda , valued at 50 billion yen ( $ 455 million ) .
Mazda , which makes the Miata roadster , will acquire 50 billion yen worth of Toyota shares , the equivalent of a 0.25 percent stake . The investment deal is expected to be final by October , the companies said .
Toyota noted the growing competition from newcomers in the auto industry like Google , Apple and Amazon , stressing they were worried about autos turning into commodities . They praised Mazda as a great partner in that effort .
`` It has also sparked Toyota 's competitive spirit , increasing our sense of not wanting to be bested by Mazda . This is a partnership in which those who are passionate about cars will work together to make ever-better cars , '' they said .
The companies said their collaboration will respect their mutual independence and equality . Toyota , which makes the Prius hybrid , Camry sedan and Lexus luxury models , already provides hybrid technology to Mazda , which makes compact cars for Toyota at its Mexico plant .
The sheer cost of the plant also makes a partnership logical , as it boosts cost-efficiency and economies of scale . Working together on green and other auto technology also makes sense as the segment becomes increasingly competitive due to concerns about global warming , the environment and safety .
`` Given the massive level of competition in the industry , partnerships are no longer a surprise , '' said Akshay Anand , an executive analyst at Kelley Blue Book .
Politics are another incentive .
`` The new presidential administration has made it clear investments in the U.S. are a top priority , and this plant may be another nod to that mindset , '' Anand said .
Mazda President Masamichi Kogai said they hoped that the partnership will help energize the industry .
Toyota is vying for the spot of No . 1 automaker in global vehicle sales against Nissan-Renault and Volkswagen AG of Germany , as the industry gradually consolidates .
Japanese rival Nissan Motor Co. is allied with Renault SA of France and Mitsubishi Motors Corp. , and is the global leader in electric vehicles . Their alliance led world vehicles sales for the first time in the first half of this year .
The limited tie-up with Mazda marks the latest addition to Toyota 's sprawling empire , which includes Japanese truckmaker Hino Motors and minicar maker Daihatsu Motor Co. Toyota also is the top shareholder in Fuji Heavy Industries , the maker of Subaru cars .
In the past , Toyota was not overly bullish on electric vehicles , which have a limited cruise range . But recent breakthroughs in batteries allow for longer travel per charge .
Mazda , based in Hiroshima , Japan , used to have a powerful partner in Dearborn-based Ford Motor Co. , which bought 25 percent of Mazda in 1979 , and raised it to 33.4 percent in 1996 . But Ford began cutting ties in 2008 , and has shed its stake in Mazda .
Also Friday , Toyota reported its April-June profit was 613.0 billion yen ( $ 5.6 billion ) , up 11 percent from 552.4 billion yen a year earlier . Quarterly sales rose 7 percent to 7.05 trillion yen ( $ 64 billion ) , as vehicle sales improved around the world , including in the U.S. , Europe and Japan .
Toyota stuck to its earlier projection for global vehicle sales for the fiscal year , ending in March 2018 , at 10.25 million vehicles . It raised its fiscal full year profit forecast to 1.75 trillion yen ( $ 16 billion ) from the earlier forecast of 1.5 trillion yen ( $ 14 billion ) . It earned 1.8 trillion yen in the previous fiscal year .
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Toyota Motor Corp .
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
North Dakotans do n't take to reorganization .
Rather than going all the way back to statehood , let 's just start with 1942 , when the Public Administration Service of Chicago did a comprehensive analysis and reorganization plan for North Dakota state government . Some of the recommendations still are gathering dust today , indicating the low priority we place on reorganization .
Rather than implementing the report , state officials of the day thought it would be best to wait until after World War II was over . The connection between reorganization and the war was never explained , but by the time the War was over , dust had buried the recommendations .
In 1966 , voters rejected proposals to revamp the judicial , executive and legislative branches of government . So the reinventors thought of a different route—a constitutional convention to dramatize the need for reform .
The convention met . The proposed constitution would have made possible reducing the number of elected state officials down to the nationwide average of six per state . Opposed by every state official and others , the document went down to defeat ,
In 1984 and 2000 , the voters refused to abolish the office of state treasurer , made obsolete in 1919 with the creation of the Bank of North Dakota .
In November 1980 , the voters defeated another general proposal to revise the legislative and executive branches of government . In 1989 , a similar measure was swamped at the polls .
Meanwhile , disorganization was spreading in the underbrush . In 2009 , Legislative Librarian Marilyn Johnson counted 142 boards , councils and commissions . ( If your interest group does n't have a board , council and/or commission , you simply have n't asked for one . )
We have more local governments per capita , the largest Legislature per capita outside of New Hampshire and the most elected state officials outside of South Carolina . So there is room for a lot of reinventing , but the governor should be forewarned that the holder of every public office will fight them to the death .
That 's one reason we pretty much have the same government we started with in 1889 .
What this tells us is that North Dakotans like access , even when it means throwing efficiency under the bus .
People want a role—a big role—in government . Having many points at which citizens can be a part of government implements the cultural idea that everybody is important and should `` have a say . ''
If we have n't dissuaded the governor from reinventing , they would be well advised to choose only those entities that have no constituencies , because constituencies rise up with a wrath when abolition or consolidation of their entity is proposed . For example , if they told the barbers they were going to mess with their licensing board , they would have to go out-of-state for a haircut .
While the office holders , agencies and their constituencies will be arrayed against him , the governor will be spending a lot of political capital on something about which the citizenry does not care a hoot , meaning that the governor will have no citizen uprising on behalf of reinventing . He 'll be out there alone .
Reinventing North Dakota state and local governments would require the effort of a mountain to produce a molehill . As a recovering government reinventor , I wish the governor well but will just sit this one out .
On the other hand , it has been said that those who say it ca n't be done are sometimes interrupted by somebody doing it .
Omdahl is a retired professor of political science at UND and a former lieutenant governor of North Dakota .
Laguna Beach police Reserve Officer Spring Sendele sits with Flash Gordon , an 8-week-old puppy relinquished by their San Bernardio owners .
Laguna Beach Police Department arrests suspect in Redlands . ( Photo courtesy of Laguna Beach Police Department )
The 8-week-old puppy relinquished by its owners after Laguna Beach police found them neglected and injured in San Bernardino .
Laguna Beach police detectives arrested vehicle burglary suspects in the Inland Empire . ( Photo Laguna Beach Police Department . )
LAGUNA Beaches A 28-year-old Redlands woman and a 22-year-old San Bernardino man were arrested by Laguna Beach police detectives on suspicion of breaking into and stealing valuables from at least 10 locked and unlocked cars in a north Laguna neighborhood , police said Wednesday .
The car burglary and theft spree , reported between midnight and 6 a.m. on the weekend of June 3 , are the highest number of cars hit this year , said Laguna Beach police Investigations Sgt . Jim Cota .
Since Jan. 1 , there have been 56 vehicle burglaries and thefts . Twenty-six from locked cars , 30 from unlocked cars .
Police are urging residents to be vigilant in locking their cars and taking valuables with them .
Detective Dave Gensemer and Detective Cornelius Ashton were led to Rachel Alvarez and Johnny Cervantez in the Inland Empire after images of their Toyota were caught on private and city surveillance cameras , Cota said .
After identifying the owner of the car , the Laguna Beach detectives were led to Cervantez who borrowed the car , Cota said .
Gensemer contacted Cervantez , who then connected the detectives to Alvarez in Redding , Cota said .
A search on Alvarez found they were on probation , Cota said .
With an assist from the San Bernadino Probation Department , Laguna Beach police detectives got a search warrant and found items stolen from the Laguna Beach cars at Alvarez 's home , Cota said .
Among other stolen property including clothes and computers , they recovered a laptop belonging to a grade school teacher with their class 's final grades , Cota said .
Alvarez pleads guilty to charges of grand theft and possession of stolen property , Cota said . They were sentenced to 30 days in jail , three years of probation and paying restitution , they said .
Detectives returned to the Cervantez home with a search warrant . Cervantez was gone but while looking for stolen property , detectives found an eight-week-old neglected and injured German shepherd puppy living in the backyard .
They spoke with Cervantez 's parents who agreed to bring Cervantez to the Laguna Beach Police Department . They also agreed to relinquish the puppy , Cota said .
Cervantez is being charged with conspiracy to commit a crime , possession of stolen property , possession of methamphetamine and possession of drug paraphernalia , Cota said .
They are scheduled for arraignment in mid-July , Cota said .
Laguna Beach police detectives named the puppy Flash Gordon , after Laguna Beach police Officer Gordon French , the first Laguna Beach police officer to be killed in the line of duty in 1953 .
The pup was taken to Katella Animal Hospital and is being fostered by Labrador and Friends Dog Rescue , a San Diego-based group that takes in rescues from across Southern California .
He 's received their first round of puppy shots and was treated for a soft-tissue leg injury .
They are available for adoption , said Diane Tiberend , a volunteer with the rescue group .
“ He 's a sweet boy and loves to play , ” they said .
Applications and more information can be found at labradorandfriends.org .
Meanwhile , Cota encourages the community to report any suspicious activity .
To submit tips anonymously , please contact Crime Stoppers at 855-847-6227 . You can also reach Crime Stoppers online at crimestoppers.org .
WWE
Bayley might eventually make a heel turn , but there 's a bit of understandable trepidation on WWE 's part to do so because of how much kids love their character — this has long been the assumed rationale behind John Cena never making a heel turn as well .
The “ I 'm a hugger ” thing has n't quite translated as well to the main roster as it did on the smaller stage of NXT , but they are still a popular superstar on the roster and kids and adults alike have gravitated to the whole positivity vibe she 's put forth . Sometimes , fans buy in a bit too much and it can lead to extraordinarily cringeworthy moments like what we saw on this week 's Monday Night Raw .
Bayley came out for the 10-woman tag match on Raw to their usual fanfare and that included running over to hug a young girl by the entrance ramp . The problem was there was what appears to be a grown man who thought a hug was coming their way , and what ensued is the most painful wrestling moment since the House of Horrors match .
OTTAWA — The federal government is n't properly managing the risks that farmed salmon pose to their wild counterparts , nor is it doing enough to ensure Canada is meeting its international commitments on biodiversity and sustainable development , Canada 's environmental watchdog says .
In a series of new audits released Tuesday , environment commissioner Julie Gelfand takes a closer look at Canada 's management of the $ 1-billion salmon farming industry , which they warn is lacking when it comes to assessing the risk that diseases among farmed fish pose to wild salmon .
The department has no requirement to monitor the health of wild salmon or the status of the ocean floor beneath penned salmon farms , said Gelfand , and the department is also providing better funding for research related to fish farms than it is for research to help monitor their impact .
`` The department is at risk of being seen to promote aquaculture over the protection of wild salmon , '' Gelfand said after the reports were tabled in Parliament .
The research gaps are extensive enough that there 's no way to determine the impact of fish farms on wild fish , they said . Those gaps include a lack of knowledge about the risk of disease , as well as the impact of the drugs used to treat those diseases . Canada also lacks an impact threshold to determine when to shut down or limit fish farming , they added .
Canada also lacks standards for the nets used to contain farmed salmon in the ocean — a particular problem in the Atlantic , where heavy storms often batter salmon farms and destroy nets .
In 2015 , 40,000 salmon escaped from farms in Newfoundland and Labrador , New Brunswick and Nova Scotia . Better standards are in place in British Columbia , where fewer escapes have occurred , the report says .
Gelfand 's spring reports also look at Canada 's commitment to the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the UN Convention on Biological Diversity , both of which , they warn , could become the latest international environment agreements Canada signs but does little to actually implement .
They cited a lack of government leadership to address the targets in those agreements , saying there is no way to properly assess how effectively government policies can contribute to meeting those goals .
The agenda for sustainable development is an international agreement for countries to work towards sustainable environmental , economic and social development , including gender equality , eliminating poverty , climate action and industrial innovation .
‘ Corrupt Christian politicians not genuine believers '
Catholic diocese urges Kogi governor to pay workers ' salaries
The Regional Overseer of the Apostolic Faith Church of Nigeria , Rev . Gealyn George has described corrupt Christian politicians as fake believers who have drifted away from the teachings of Jesus Christ .
The cleric disclosed this in Abuja at the 2017 Easter Concert organised to mark the event.According to him : ‘ 'No genuine born-again Christian would steal money that does not belong to them because such practice was not ordained by God or Jesus Christ . ”
They explained that the teachings of Jesus Christ are anchored on love , service to humanity , faithfulness and holiness to duty.George stressed that any Christian arrested for “ stealing public money while in office is a messenger of the devil , who had only come to steal , kill and destroy . Such believers should be made to face the penalties of their acts .
“ Also , the Bible is so clear on this because it told us that by their fruits , ye shall know them , a mango tree must produce mango fruits , just as true Christians were expected to produce the fruits of righteousness . ”
The cleric described the attacks and killings of Christians as clear cases of the persecutions that are in line with the doctrines of the gospel . “ God is testing us to see how those who are truly their children would stand even in the face of persecution , ” they said .
He , however , warned that those who think that Christianity could be eliminated were making a mistake.The cleric said as long as the source of Christianity is Jesus Christ , “ His resurrection has given Christians a new life and as many that are living in that newness of life will also rise when they die . ''
Meanwhile , the Lokoja branch of the Nigeria Catholic Diocesan Priests Association ( NCDPA/LD ) has condemned the non-payment of salaries to workers in Kogi State.The Chairman , Rev . Fr . Cyril Fanaiye and Secretary , Rev . Fr . Daniel Sule condemned the development in a message of hope to the lay faithful of the diocese .
This post was syndicated from Breaking News , Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Police have concluded investigation into the death of a youth corps member , Ifedapo Oladepo , who died at the National Youth Service Corps Orientation camp in Kano last November . Oladepo , a First Class graduate of Transport Management and a member of the NYSC ‘ batch B ' , died during the scheme 's orientation programme in Kano on November [ … ]
Gympie Anzac Day March 2018 : Gympie Anzac Day March 2018
WHETHER it was the perfect autumn weather , the uncertain times we live in , or something indefinable , Gympie outdid itself today as about 10,000 people turned out to be a part of Anzac Day .
Anzac Day in memorial park in Gympie 2018 . Renee Albrecht
Like no other day , Anzac Day is powerful , uniting , and at times overwhelming . It is the one day of the year this nation really comes together in a shared moment of poignant pride and remembrance .
Anzac Day in memorial park in Gympie 2018 . Renee Albrecht
Watching the little drummers from Gympie South help lead-off the main parade down Mary Street brought a prickle of tears ; then came the diggers . Oh boy . The sight of those once young men who went off or were sent off to fight old men 's wars stir the emotions . Of course , they are the lucky ones . They are still with us .
Anzac Day in memorial park in Gympie 2018 . Renee Albrecht
Up to 5000 are estimated to have attended the Dawn Service in Memorial Park , and a record crowd was at Normanby Hill . Powerful stuff when they played the ever haunting Last Post while the fog swirled in the pre-dawn and early morning light .
Anzac Day in memorial park in Gympie 2018 . Renee Albrecht
So many children , their solemn little faces full of respect and awe as they placed poppies on the cenotaph after the service , and our community leaders laid wreaths at its base .
In the Mary St parade , while it was impossible to not be moved by the diggers , there were plenty of other things happening to stir the emotions .
Anzac Day in memorial park in Gympie 2018 . Renee Albrecht
Hundreds of school students showing their patriotism and respect , marching in uniform and some joining forces to play Waltzing Matilda or marching music ; dads walking in the parade , their toddlers hoisted on their shoulders - one dad 's little one rode a wooden horse and wore a slouch hat several sizes too big .
Anzac Day in memorial park in Gympie 2018 . Renee Albrecht
Through it all - the heat and the crowd - there was not a tantrum to be witnessed .
And then the goose bump moment when the F/A-18 Hornet flew over , seemingly just above the roofs of Gympie .
Anzac Day in memorial park in Gympie 2018 . Renee Albrecht
FORT COLLINS , Colo. ( AP ) -- Caleb Martin had 26 points , Lindsey Drew added 16 and eight rebounds and Nevada turned back Colorado State 76-67 on Saturday night to put the finishing touches on a rough day for the Rams .
Colorado State lost its sixth straight on a day that head coach Larry Eustachy was put on administrative leave over questions about their conduct .
Kendall Stephens added 15 points for the Wolf Pack ( 20-4 , 9-1 Mountain West Conference ) , who struggled to find their shooting touch from the field , but connected on 26 of 32 free throws .
Che Bob and Anthony Bonner paced the Rams ( 10-15 , 3-9 ) with 13 points each , while Deion James added 12 points and eight rebounds .
The Rams trailed just 37-35 at halftime and used two James ' 3-pointers to grab a 41-40 lead early in the second half . But Stephens twice connected from beyond the arc and Martin added a layup to cap an 11-1 run for a 51-43 lead . Martin scored eight in the final 3:13 to seal it .
# BBNaija : Finalists arrive in Nigeria , Cee-C receives N2m from fans
Big Brother Naija finalists have arrived the country Monday night , with controversial first runner-up Cynthia Nwadioha , popularly known as Cee-C , receiving a dummy cheque of N2 million from their fans .
“ Team Cee-C ” , as their fans called themselves , proved that they are indeed lovers of the ‘ drama queen ' , and they remain loyal no matter the odds .
Cee-C had the second highest votes in the Big Brother Naija games but they did not go home with any monetary reward .
Unlike other finalists , and some housemates , they did not win any of the sponsored tasks that could have earned their money gifts while they were in the house .
However , to make sure that their favourite housemate did not go home empty handed , the fans declared them their ‘ BBNaija 2018 Winner ' and rewarded them with a N2 million cheques .
They dotted Cee-C amid jubilations , took photographs and handed them the sum which was rallied for them by their fans , before they met with their father .
The five finalists of the reality show — Miracle , Tobi , Nina , Cee-C and Alex , arrived at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport amid glitz and glamour , as fans defied the night and came out in large numbers to wait for them .
They could barely get themselves away from the crowd , elated to see them .
However , winner of the show , Miracle , was quickly ‘ smuggled ' away in a waiting SUV car from the crowd .
Big Brother Naija 2018 , also known as Big Brother Naija : Double Wahala , was the third season of the Nigerian scripted version of the reality show Big Brother .
It was launched on Jan. 28 , 2018 on DStv channel 198 , with 20 housemates from different parts of the country , while ex-housemate , Ebuka Obi-Uchend from season one anchored .
The third season ended on April 22 , 2018 , having run for 12 weeks ( 85 days ) , as housemate Miracle , a pilot , won the star prize and went away with N45 million .
NAN
The post # BBNaija : Finalists arrive in Nigeria , Cee-C receives N2m from fans appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HAMILTON , Bermuda ( AP ) — A Pennsylvania college student who disappeared following a rugby tournament in Bermuda was found dead Monday after an intensive search of the British island territory .
Searchers found the body of Mark Dombroski , 19 , at the base of a colonial-era fort in a park not far from where they were last seen walking by themselves on CCTV footage , officials with the Bermuda Police Service said at a news conference .
A cause of death was not released but forensic experts were still processing the scene where their body was found and an autopsy was planned , said Acting Commissioner James Howard .
`` Bermuda Police Service extends our heartfelt condolences to their family and friends , '' Howard said after a day of searching that included local authorities , volunteers and Dombroski 's family .
Dombroski was a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph 's University in Philadelphia and had come to Bermuda to compete in a tournament . They disappeared early Sunday , with video footage showing them walking alone and looking at their phone as they left a bar where their friends had gathered .
They were found at the base of Fort Prospect in a wooded area known as the arboretum and near an athletic center where the team had played during the tournament .
Dombroski 's family rushed to the island to join the search and retrace their steps .
`` We dearly love our son , we cherish our son . ... We want them back , '' their mother , Lisa Dombroski , said at a news conference with police officials . `` We thank the citizens of Bermuda . People have been with us shoulder to shoulder throughout this ordeal . ''
Detective Sgt . Jason Smith said there 's no evidence Dombroski was drunk , or that alcohol played a role in their disappearance .
Lisa Dombroski speculated their son , who had hurt their shoulder in a game that day and was n't feeling well , had simply wanted to call it a night . They said the surveillance footage showed them favoring their arm .
`` He was n't in a celebratory kind of mood , '' Lisa Dombroski said . `` He wanted to get back . ''
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Busted ! See What Laura Ikeji 's Husband , Ogbonna Kanu Did Here
Two days ago , Kanu Nwankwo 's brother , Ogbonna Kanu shared a photo of themselves and a hostess in a plane and captioned it ; “ It 's time America here we come. ” , supposedly going to see their pregnant wife , Laura who is set to deliver their child . Well , that was a 2016 picture of them last year travelling to …
The post Busted ! See What Laura Ikeji 's Husband , Ogbonna Kanu Did Here appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CBN injects $ 210 m in wholesale FOREX market , others
About $ 100 million went to the wholesale sector of the market .
The post CBN injects $ 210 m in wholesale FOREX market , others appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Steelers have signed first-round pick T.J. Watt to a four-year contract .
Watt , a linebacker from Wisconsin and the younger brother of Houston Texans star J.J. Watt , was taken with the 30th overall pick in the draft . They are the last of Pittsburgh 's eight draft picks to sign . Financial details were not released .
Watt actually began their collegiate career as a tight end before switching to linebacker . They played in 27 games for the Badgers , making 14 starts , over a two-year span . Watt recorded 70 tackles , including 17 stops for losses and 11+ sacks in their college career .
The Steelers finish minicamp on Thursday . They report for training camp at St. Vincent College in Latrobe , Pennsylvania , on July 27 .
-- -
More AP NFL : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
A grandad who once got the better of Steve Cram in a race has reached a major running milestone – less than two years after suffering a heart attack .
Colin Reay , 56 , decided to take up Park Run as part of their recovery from a heart attack in June 2015 .
Colin Reay recently completed their 50th parkrun . Picture by Rob Wilson .
Mr Reay , who lives in Washington but is originally from Boldon Colliery , initially wanted to complete just one of the Saturday morning 5km events .
However , after being “ bitten by the bug ” , they have already completed 50 Park Runs .
The father-of-two and grandad-of-three had been a runner in their younger years , and once beat future world star Cram in an 800m race at Gateshead Stadium .
As part of their rehab programme , running came back to the fore – and they have not looked back .
Once I got involved , I was bitten by the bug Colin Reay
Mr Reay said : “ One of my targets was to try and complete just one park run , to prove to myself that I could still run at the age of 55 .
“ I aimed to do one park run and walk away from it and say , ‘ at least I know I can do it ' .
“ The first one I did was a little bit of a disaster .
“ I was laid up for nearly two weeks with my leg . I could hardly walk .
Colin Reay recently completed their 50th parkrun . Picture by Bill Houston .
“ I decided to do it again because it did n't go so well , and the second one went a bit better . Once I got involved , I was bitten by the bug .
“ Since that second one , I have n't missed a week . ”
Before their heart attack , My Reay had maintained their fitness well , but decided to have a renewed drive on the road to recovery .
As well as taking up running again , they changed their diet and lost weight .
Mr Reay mainly runs the Chester-le-Street Park Run .
They have hailed the way the event has given them back their confidence – and helped them make legions of new friends .
They added : “ There are so many people who take part in Park Run , including elite athletes and people who do it at a walking pace .
“ I 'm so involved now that I even volunteer , helping out the new runners and advising people about what the course is like .
“ Being involved in Park Run has given me so much confidence to go out and run , and the camaraderie is fantastic .
“ You make lots of friends and it 's a great atmosphere .
“ I had a lump in my throat when I was running my 50th , because of the support I 've been given . ”
To find out more about Park Run , and the event held closest to you , visit
TORONTO – It 's a tradition in soccer , one North America has yet to adopt .
When a team has been crowned champions before the completion of the regular season , their opposition in the remaining matches form a guard of honor , welcoming the competition 's winners to the pitch prematch .
Given that MLS Cup falls at the end of the year in the final match of the postseason , there is never an opportunity for that tribute to be bestowed upon the ultimate champion in the league , but it is worth considering whether the Supporters ' Shield winners are worthy of that respect .
Toronto FC clinched the 2017 Supporters ' Shield last Saturday with a win over the New York Red Bulls . They have two matches remaining before the playoffs begin , taking on the Montreal Impact and Atlanta United in the coming weeks . It is unlikely that either of those clubs pay homage to the best team in MLS this regular season , but Toronto sure would not mind it if they did .
“ Yeah , it 's something that I would enjoy , ” said Justin Morrow on Tuesday , three days after having netted a hat-trick that clinched the title and saw them win the MLS Player of the Week award . `` I 'm not sure Montreal is going to give us that pleasure .
Fellow defender Steven Beitashour had never heard of such a thing , adding with a hearty chuckle : “ I doubt that will happen here . ”
Told that on occasion it has happened in La Liga , with either of the two main Spanish giants having to do so for the other , Beitashour came away surprised .
“ Real Madrid and Barça do really hate each other ... So if they can do it , I think Montreal should do it , '' they said before smiling . `` Good idea . We 'll see if that happens . ”
Ever level-headed , Greg Vanney admitted their doubts about Montreal 's interest in adopting such a new tradition in MLS , especially given the circumstances .
“ It 's not the tradition in our league , nor is the team that wins the Supporters ' Shield necessarily the champion , ” said Vanney . “ The way our league is set up , the championship is through the playoffs . That 's the team that is seen as the champion . ”
“ That team gets a nice colorful ball that 's different then everybody else the next year , ” continued Vanney . “ I understand [ the guard of honor ] . It 's an interesting , respectful sign for the team that has won the league . I do n't think it will happen here Put another way : We wo n't be expecting it . ”
At least one person surveyed thought the idea was silly , interjecting with a smile before the question could even be fully asked .
“ I do n't think so , ” said Drew Moor . “ I understand it 's tradition ; I would n't want to do it for another team , and I guarantee that Montreal does n't want to do it for us . I completely understand that
“ I do n't think it 's a tradition that MLS needs to pick up or should pick up . If they do ... OK , but I would n't want to . Just get on with the game . ”
Toronto will have a presentation of the Supporters ' Shield on Oct. 15 at BMO Field , though the exact form is yet to be confirmed . And that it comes in the third league installment of the Toronto-Montreal rivalry should add yet another dimension to what is sure to be an intriguing affair .
“ The game itself is going to be important , ” said Morrow . “ For them , because they 're fighting for the playoffs . For us , because we know that momentum going into the playoffs is key . We 'll celebrate the shield against Montreal and keep on going . ”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Senator Antonio Trillanes IV appeared at Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II 's confirmation hearing in the Senate on Wednesday to block the latter 's ad interim appointment .
In opposing Aguirre 's appointment , Trillanes raised the recent report that the Justice Secretary had allegedly used their position to give “ unwarranted benefits ” to convicted prisoners who testified against Senator Leila De Lima during the hearings of the House of Representatives .
READ : Document : Aguirre OK 'd privileges of inmates who ratted on De Lima
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I have taken the extraordinary step of filing this formal opposition to the confirmation of the ad interim appointment of Mr. Vitaliano Aguirre II as Secretary of the Department of Justice because I certainly believe that their appointment would be inimical to the public interest , ” the senator said , reading their sworn opposition .
“ The reason I say so is because this early even before their formal confirmation , Mr. Aguirre has publicly and shamelessly displayed their penchant for using their office to persecute and pin down the critics of the administration , ” they said .
READ : Showdown at CA : Aguirre faces Trillanes in confirmation hearing
Trillanes said Aguirre ' public actions only showed that “ he is impatient , unrestrained , and intemperate in their manner and language ” even resorting to insulting people and name-calling .
“ On top of this , there is damning evidence in the form of official document and communications indicating that Secretary Aguirre apparently used their position to give unwarranted benefits to the convicted prisoners who were utilized as witnesses in the hearings of the House of Representatives against Senator Leila de Lima by allowing them to enjoy lavish lifestyles and permitting them to install or use electronic gadgets , cellphones , TVs and air-conditioners while they were detained at the AFP ( Armed Forces of the Philippines ) Detention Center in Camp Aguinaldo , ” they said .
The senator also reiterated how Aguirre called them names such as “ son of a bitch , ” “ stupid senator , ” coward , and “ sundalong kanin ” ( useless soldier ) .
Trillanes then asked the panel to suspend consideration of the nominee 's confirmation , pending investigation of various allegations against him . IDL
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Former England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson has been sacked by Chinese second-tier side Shenzhen after just six months in charge .
The club then issued a poem to welcome back former coach Wang Baoshan as manager , before confirmation arrived that Eriksson , 69 , was leaving .
The Swede replaced ex-Netherlands midfielder and AC Milan coach Clarence Seedorf as Shenzhen boss in December .
But they have been dismissed after a run of only five wins from 13 league games .
The Guangdong-based side are fourth in League One after a winless eight-game run .
“ The negotiations between the two sides were very smooth , leaving only some details to be completed by lawyers , ” read a statement on the club 's website .
A translation of the club 's poem , announcing Wang 's return , reads :
Eleven years ago , you led Shenzhen football and never let us down .
Nine years ago , you took over responsibilities and saved Shenzhen football .
Memories of fighting together have never gone away , and now we recall the legend .
For Shenzhen , we are reunited , starting a new trip together .
Coach Wang , welcome home . BBC Sport
Hulu
Spoilers for Season One of The Handmaid 's Tale
As Alan Sepinwall noted in their review of the first season finale of Hulu 's The Handmaid 's Tale , the episode ends the same way that Margaret Atwood 's novel ended : With Offred ( Elisabeth Moss ) being taken away in a black van . “ Whether this is my end , or a new beginning , I have no way of knowing , ” Offred says . “ I have given my fate over to the hands of strangers … and so I step up into the darkness within , or else the light . ”
Many viewers who are now finishing the episode are having the same struggle with the ambiguous ending that readers have had with Atwood 's novel since it was published in 1984 . Is Offred being driven away to safety by members of the Mayday ? Or are the menacing men with guns The Eyes transporting their someplace to punish them for playing a leading role in the handmaids ' refusal to stone Janine to death ?
The difference between Atwood 's novel and the Hulu series , however , is that this is n't the end for Offred on the television series because Hulu has picked it up for a second season . Knowing that changes the more optimistic possibility offered in the novel .
In Atwood 's book , like the series , there are two possibilities , and both hinge upon what the viewer thinks of Nick , who whispers into Offred 's ear before they get into the black van , “ Just go with them . Trust me . ”
The City of Green River is hosting its 5th annual Earth Day Fair event on Friday , April 21 , 2017 .
The event will take place from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Island Pavilion in Green River .
This year 's theme is “ Living Green is Second Nature. ” The Earth Day event celebrates progress , hope , and innovation through fun and creative public outreach and educational exhibits , presentations , and performances .
Visitors can learn about environmental issues and solutions in a fun , family-friendly atmosphere of celebration .
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Cuba Gooding Jr. recently appeared on The Graham Norton Show alongside Vera Drake actor Imelda Staunton and both could n't help but talk a bit about their past Oscars experiences . Staunton recounted how they brought sandwiches with them to the show to keep their family from starving , which is a delightful tale that ends with them losing out to Hillary Swank . That inspires Gooding Jr. to tell their own Oscar tales , one involving the wise words of Jack Nicholson and the feeling in the room after you 've become a winner for the night .
They start with the quip from Nicholson that sorta hits at the truth of an Oscar win when you 're not a repeat winner . The pair starred together in As Good As It Gets and Nicholson apparently shared this bit of wisdom :
I grew up in East Lothian and returned to live there six years ago with my wife and family . I was always interested in design and aesthetics , but worked as an accountant until I was 40 , at which point I decided to take up furniture-making , enrolling on a cabinetmaking course at the Chippendale School of Furniture in East Lothian . In the four years since , I have set up my own business , Ogilvies of Haddington , designing and making furniture and kitchens .
My biggest challenge was my first kitchen . It has a wall of 18 solid oak cabinets with library ladders , sliding glass doors , an island , secret compartments and an archway . I took on the job without the vaguest idea of how long it would take . After four months I realised I might never finish it on my own , and thankfully found a recent graduate from the school to help me out . It was a very steep learning curve , but it really helped with future designs and construction techniques .
Making furniture the traditional way , with hand-cut dovetails and so on , is incredibly time-consuming and , while I really like the finished result , I do n't want to get stuck in the past constructing things in inefficient ways . Recently I have found myself drawn to some of the higher-end bespoke Scandinavian furniture as a way to help bring the costs of my furniture and kitchens down to a more affordable level .
The designs of our Nordic cousins do n't pretend to be something they 're not – they 're simple but good , made with high-quality materials and constructed using efficient workshop techniques and machinery . I 'm working on a couple of commissions that incorporate some of these ideas and am really looking forward to seeing them finished .
I use Scottish timbers and suppliers whenever I can to cut down on the miles covered by such heavy raw materials . Otherwise , I try to make sure it comes directly from the huge , well-managed timber forests in France and other parts of Europe .
My most unusual commission was a set of three solid oak coffers for a client in London , designed as after-dinner entertainment . The first chest had 24 secret compartments inside a Chinese medicine cabinet that rises out of the chest on a system of pulleys , ropes and lead weights , where you have to move , turn , push or slide various components and drawers in order to find your way in . I hid one piece of a jigsaw inside each secret compartment so they 'd know when they 'd opened everything .
With four children and a dog , I have a fairly all-consuming family life when not at work . I like to cycle , run and hill walk , and I 've also taken up yoga to improve my flexibility and reduce muscle injuries at work . It definitely works out cheaper than visits to the physio .
Like most woodworkers , I dreamt of being a Formula 1 driver !
I love being able to design something on paper , then in detail using computer modelling software , build it in my workshop and then see it in the flesh in full scale in someone 's house . The feeling at the end is fantastic .
Buying something that has been made locally and by hand is expensive , but it should work out much cheaper over your lifetime . We have a Scottish kist in our hall dating from 1671 . I would love to make something that was still sitting in someone 's house in 2363 .
Nigerian-British Conservative MP Kemi Badenoch speaks about the threats they receives
Nigerian-British Kemi Badenoch has been speaking openly about the threats they receive as a public servant . The newly elected Conservative…
Read » Nigerian-British Conservative MP Kemi Badenoch speaks about the threats they receive on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If the first teaser for the cast 's reunion on the E ! docuseries Reunion Road Trip teaches viewers anything : no , nothing has changed . “ It 's America 's favorite fist-pumpers , ” the announcer cheers , as the main GTL crew is back together and as rowdy as ever . Maybe they have matured ? Gawd , I hope NOT !
Brian Gabriel
Each day in the shop is a day closer to completion of the CJ-6A Tuxedo Park at Quick Draw Jeep Restoration . Dave and Preston Delight have already torn down the CJ-6A , had the sheetmetal sandblasted , cut out all of the panels that were beyond repair , and then installed some made-in-USA pre-fabricated repair panels that were available through Classic Enterprises in Iowa .
A lot of work was done on this restoration project in a short amount of time . There was still one piece missing though , and that was the rear passenger quarter-panel . The original panel was banged up and full of holes . What was left of the sheetmetal was worn too thin for reasonable repair , so it had to be cut out and replaced . The only catch was that a new passenger-side rear quarter-panel for a Kaiser-era CJ-5 and CJ-6 was not available yet . That did n't slow down Preston though . It simply meant that they had to dust off the old English wheel in the corner of the shop and fabricate a curved panel the old fashioned way .
New prefabricated weld-in panels are nice , but they do n't always fit the project budget or project intent . Maybe you just want to learn another skill in the garage . Whatever the motivation , tackling a project like this is always easier with some professional guidance . Watch as the guys at Quick Draw show you how .
Something is missing here . The passenger rear quarter-panel had some significant damage and was rusted through in spots . It was obvious that it needed to be removed , considering the level of restoration required for this project . While the entire driver-side panel is available aftermarket , the passenger side is not at this time . Preston picked a strategic seam to do their cutting to make it easy for them to build a new corner from scratch .
The new inner fenderwell has already been welded into place . A quick check with a straightedge along the rear of the Jeep ensured that everything was going according to plan and lining up nicely . The straightedge was brought out often through this part of the project to maintain quality .
The straightness of the long side of the Jeep was also critical to building the rear fender piece . Some long clamps were used to dial in the location of the rails exactly where the Delights wanted it to be . Well-thought-out prep is the key to a smooth fabrication process .
The rear passenger-side quarter-panel was not yet available during this build because the manufacturing tooling is still in the works . This meant that Preston had to fab the panel from scratch . They started by marking where the beginning , middle , and end of the radius lined up on the new flat piece of steel as they rolled it around the corner .
Those guidelines are necessary in order to evenly shape the new radius using an English wheel . An English wheel is designed to stretch flat metal to create complex round shapes . There are several different shapes and radii of the wheels available to get the proper shape for your specific project .
The metal is carefully rolled back and forth through the wheels , end to end , stretching the metal as it goes . This corner radius was simple , and a skilled hand had the basic shape worked out in no time . The wheel is doing all of the bending and forming here . There is no downward pressure applied by the operator , just a slow and controlled push and pull motion .
If we went a little bit too far with the English wheel , the day was not lost . A little hammer action made sure we had the bend just right . Metal fabrication takes time and patience if you want the job done right .
Once the corner is well formed , it is marked and trimmed to fit . This first trim is simply to fit it into place . After the fender fit well , the guys moved on to trimming out the details like the wheelwell .
Sometimes the best template is the mirror image . The new panel was lined up on the driver side so that the wheelwell arch could be transferred and trimmed .
Measure twice , cut once , as they say . We always double-check before cutting anything ( admittedly , sometimes we need to take our own advice ) . The traced wheelwell was a perfect match to the location it would be welded to .
Once the final trimming was finished , it was a perfect fit . This panel probably only took about an hour or so to get into shape . Not bad at all . Do n't be intimidated by how long something may take you to accomplish . Most of the time you 'll contemplate it longer than it would just take to do it . Do n't overthink it , but do n't rush the job either .
Sheetmetal welding is tough . The thin pieces are easy to burn holes through , and it 's very difficult to fill in any edge gaps that did n't come out well . A copper backing plate is a very useful tool to have in your welding supplies . It dissipates the heat so you do n't burn through the steel . It also acts as a backing plate for the weld bead to pool up on nicely . The best part is that the molten steel wo n't stick to the copper . Copper backing tools can be purchased at your local welding shop , or fashioned from pieces of copper pipe crushed flat in a vise or with a hammer .
The welds on all of the body patches were ground smooth using a die grinder with several different grits of sanding discs . By the time Preston was done with the die grinder you could n't even tell a panel had been welded in place .
The factory rolled edge of the wheel opening was formed in a stamping die at the factory . When doing a repair like this it is necessary to weld on a section of strap steel to mimic that edge . After some work with a welder and die grinder , this too looked like it was from the factory .
The strap steel was bent by hand , and tack welded as it was formed to hold it in place . In no time at all the edge of the fender was finished , one tack weld at a time in different locations along the edge . It is important not to attempt to run a weld bead from top to bottom . That much heat will definitely warp the sheetmetal .
The new piece is all welded up and ground down to a nice , smooth finish . It sure looks as factory gets .
Well , it is starting to look like a Jeep again . All of the repair panels have been installed , new rear quarter-panel fabricated , several old patches redone correctly , and non-factory holes repaired in the firewall . It was a lot of work , but totally worth it in the end .
Multitasking is a part of life out in the shop . While waiting for some pieces to arrive , Preston used the time to do the body work and painting on some of the peripheral items . Stay tuned to Jp for the next segment of tips and tricks for building a better body on your classic round-fender Jeep !
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
U.S. stocks closed sharply lower Friday , handing the Standard & Poor 's 500 index its worst week in two years and sending the Dow Jones industrial average down more than 650 points .
Technology , banks and energy stocks accounted for much of the broad slide . Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported the fastest wage growth in eight years , stoking fears of inflation .
On Friday :
The S & P 500 index fell 59.85 points , or 2.1 percent , to 2,762.13 .
The Dow lost 665.75 points , or 2.5 percent , to 25,520.96 .
The Nasdaq slid 144.92 points , or 2 percent , to 7,240.95 .
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 32.59 points , or 2.1 percent , to 1,547.27 .
For the week :
The S & P 500 fell 110.74 points , or 3.9 percent .
The Dow lost 1,095.75 points , or 4.1 percent .
The Nasdaq slid 264.83 points , or 3.5 percent .
The Russell 2000 shed 60.79 points , or 3.9 percent .
For the year :
The S & P 500 is up 88.52 points , or 3.3 percent .
The Dow is up 801.74 points , 3.2 percent .
The Nasdaq is up 337.56 points , or 4.9 percent .
The Russell 2000 is up 11.76 points , or 0.8 percent .
The Palestinian Authority ( PA ) decided on Monday to release five journalists who were arrested last week , their lawyer said , according to AFP .
The five , including from Hamas-linked media , had been arrested on accusations of “ leaking sensitive information to enemy groups , ” the news agency said .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
The scourge of meth on regional Queensland stampedes on .
The scourge of meth on regional Queensland stampedes on . Martin Sykes
THE State Labor Government can no longer hide behind talkfests and delaying tactics to avoid implementing a comprehensive practical strategy to combat the ice epidemic in regional Queensland , Gympie MP Tony Perrett said today .
Mr Perrett was responding to a Courier Mail expose of the insidious , destructive and increasing influence of ice in regional Queensland .
A recovering Gympie drug addict told The Gympie Times last month the use of drugs like ice was `` getting a lot worse , a lot quicker ” .
Outside of capital cities , the number of support centres was not keeping up with the growing number of drug problems , they said .
Mr Perrett said that the State Labor Government 's solution `` that a few talkfests will solve the problem are completely out of touch with the reality of the ice epidemic in regional Queensland ” .
`` The Government has wasted time avoiding the harsh reality of the ice epidemic that too many Gympie residents , families and friends of drug users ' face , ” they said .
Potential leader of the LNP and Nanango MP Deb Frecklington with Gympie MP Tony Perrett before the state election . The LNP will decide its leadership today . Patrick Woods
`` Our community needs to be acutely aware that Gympie is not immune to drugs .
`` Its impact is insidious and it is not just the user but their families , friends and our broader community which is being affected .
`` Unfortunately it travels across all regions and levels of society and no income group , family circumstance , employment or education level is immune .
`` It ends up in the increasing numbers of drivers being caught drug driving rather than drink driving , and increased levels of crime in Gympie which are either directly or indirectly related to the use of drugs .
`` Last year at the Imbil Rural Watch the Officer in Charge at Imbil warned that there were more drug driving than drink driving offences in the Mary Valley .
`` The Wide Bay region 's crime surge has seen big increases in the last year with assaults up 18.9 % , serious assault up 18.3 % , robbery up 22.5 % , unlawful entry up 9.97 % , car thefts up 22.7 % and fraud up 95.6 % .
`` None of these categories is immune from drug taking as users resort to theft and other crimes to support their habit .
`` The statistics are very clear and are backed up with reports from counsellors and family members who are devastated by the impact it is having on all those around the ICE users
`` My office has had to deal with cases of grandparents , families , and friends concerned about the welfare of young children who are impacted by the use of ICE in their households .
`` Reports last year that families were selling their houses , cars and going into debt to rescue their children from the effects of ice should be concerning for our entire community .
`` Parents are risking everything to rescue and help their children including families risking bankruptcy and turning to private clinics for rehabilitation .
`` The desperation of families was clear when an addiction counsellor rhetorically said last year `` what parent is not going to say 'yes I 'll sell my house or I 'll give you my kidney to save my child 's life .
`` It is time the State Government actually did something instead of resorting to unproductive talkfests designed to give it a pat on the back for doing nothing .
`` By just signing up to something two years ago , such as the National Ice Action Strategy in December 2015 , does not mean you have done something .
`` You have to tackle it head on .
`` The LNP has ready for immediate use a targeted and comprehensive policy of addressing crime prevention , drug addiction services and strong enforcement .
`` It will complement the Federal Government 's National Ice Action Plan and will tackle providing better treatment , more policing resources , better public awareness and targeted prevention including treatment centres , a police ice taskforce , partnering with sporting bodies to educate about its dangers , and a mental health and drug awareness campaign across more than 4000 community clubs , ” they said .
Remember Those ‘ Are You OK ' Facebook Messages During Cape Town 's Storm ? Things Just Got Worse
When the Facebook safety check business hit Cape Town during the storm , ridicule followed close behind .
There were many , many people affected by the storm , but ticking that safety check opened you up to some easy pot shots .
Like this , from The Kiffness :
We 're watching Showmax , actually , but we see your point .
Now the fire that ravaged the Grenfell Tower building in London yesterday ( HERE ) is no laughing matter , with 12 people confirmed dead and more than 65 injured .
The Safety Check feature was activated and , as Mashable lays out , it was met with a predictable response :
This is just the latest example of the safety check-in feature not doing what it intends to do : assure your network and community you are safe from a natural disaster or emergency .
Instead it makes it seem that people who have n't marked themselves as “ safe ” on the social network might be affected or involved in the fire . Chances are in a sprawling city like London they were nowhere near the blaze .
I imagine most people have the city where they live listed on Facebook , rather than the particular suburb , and the wide net Facebook casts with the Safety Check is then pretty off point .
An unnamed Facebook spokesperson responding to the criticism – I 'm sure they have a name , it 's just not mentioned in the story :
“ We 're working to improve Safety Check so we 're better at prompting people in the affected area to mark themselves safe . ”
To check safe or not to check safe – that is the question .
[ source : mashable ]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Two teenagers have been arrested in the US for robbing two nine-year-old children at a lemonade stand .
The children were selling lemonade at a stand within their apartment complex on Wednesday .
Police said Deante Small , 18 , and a 16-year-old girl , approached the children and ordered lemonade .
A verbal argument started when one of the teens said they were not satisfied with the amount of lemonade poured in their cups , police say .
This angered one of the 9-year-old victims . They threw a cup of lemonade at teens .
A police report states one of the teens pushed a 9-year-old to the ground .
The teens are accused of stealing an iPod and taking a cup of cash worth $ 13.53 and spending it at Walmart .
The teens ran , but were later arrested by police . They are charged with robbery , battery and petit theft .
FILE - In this Dec. 16 , 2016 , file photo , President Barack Obama speaks during a news conference in the briefing room of the White House in Washington . Obama is entering the closing stretch of their presidency , an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on their legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump . ( AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais , File )
HONOLULU ( AP ) -- Their last presidential vacation behind him , Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of their term , an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on their legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump .
Obama returns to Washington at midday Monday from Hawaii with less than three weeks remaining in their presidency . Their final days in office will largely be consumed by a bid to protect their endangered health care law , a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump .
Their speech planned for their hometown of Chicago , on Jan. 10 is expected to be their closing message to the nation , and will be open to the public , according to a notice sent to Obama alumni and obtained by The Associated Press . The trip will likely be Obama 's last outside Washington as president and will include a `` family reunion '' for Obama 's former campaign staffers .
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons , White House officials said , in line with their second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes . Though prominent offenders like former government contractor Edward Snowden and former Illinois Gov . Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency , Obama 's final acts of clemency are expected to continue to focus on drug offenders whose plight they tried — but failed — to address through criminal justice reform .
After taking office eight years ago , Obama and their aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama 's predecessor , George W. Bush , helped their team take over the massive bureaucracy that is the federal government . Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump .
`` The smooth transition of power is chief among priorities , '' said White House spokesperson Eric Schultz .
But the transition has n't been without incident .
The two teams have clashed over the Trump staff 's requests for information that Obama aides fear could be used to identify and eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas . Trump 's team , meanwhile , has been frustrated by Obama 's attempts in the final days to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling , declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison .
While on their annual vacation in Oahu , Obama asserted themselves forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put them in direct conflict with Trump . Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing passage of a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements , then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking against the U.S. political process .
Trump sided with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the first case and Russian President Vladimir Putin in the second . He 's vacillated between praising Obama for how he 's handled the transition , and criticizing them over it on Twitter .
The final days are Obama 's last chance to define their presidency before they lose the bully pulpit and cedes their legacy to historians . For Obama , helping Americans understand how their two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what they accomplished , including the health law .
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act , Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions . Some Republicans want to strip out unpopular `` Obamacare '' provisions while leaving major parts intact , while others prefer a start-from-scratch approach .
To that end , Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats , likely their last such session with their party 's lawmakers as president .
Their administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days , perhaps increasing the likelihood their policies carry over . But the closer it gets to Trump 's inauguration , the harder those tasks become .
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20 , the White House ca n't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day . So this week Obama aides will start `` offloading , '' turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time , leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days .
19 Year Old Mum Arrested For Dumping Baby Inside Bush in Ikorodu , Goes Missing
A 19-year-old mother identified as Ayomide Adebayo who was arrested for allegedly dumping their two-month-old baby in a bush in the Ikorodu area of Lagos state has gone missing , Vanguard reports .
Adebayo , a secondary school drop-out , gave birth on April 30 with the aid of a local birth attendant in the neighbourhood .
They were reportedly impregnated by one martin Tewogbade , who was traced to the
This post was syndicated from Cambells Blog - Nigerian News Today , Top Headlines | Naija Music Download . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
‘ Politicians Use NDDC To Loot Funds ' – Wike Tells US Ambassador
MyNaijaInfo.com
Wike : NDDC Used To Loot Election Funds . Rivers Governor , Nyesom Wike yesterday told the US Ambassador to Nigeria , Stuart Symington that the NDDC has derailed from its core mandate of developing the Niger Delta to a fund raising agency for politicians who want to contest elections . They said : “ NDDC is a fund raising commission for …
The post ‘ Politicians Use NDDC To Loot Funds ' – Wike Tells US Ambassador appeared first on Nigeria News , Gist , Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo .
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News , Gist , Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Abia 's stagnancy persists ( 1 )
ABIA State has subsisted in stagnation since the emergence of embattled Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu as governor because of two critical cases involving their election pending in the Supreme Court . Obviously because of this nothing whatsoever is happening in the state . Let me declare from the outset that amnesic Theodore Ahamefule Orji was the worst governor the country has ever produced and will never experience again for multitudinous reasons that border on incompetency , incapacity , surrogacy and power drunkenness . A vainglorious bloke that calls themselves “ Ochendo ” who allowed their boyish son to run the state for them while they watched sleepily and sheepishly in holistic submission and haplessness !
And to compound issues , former President Goodluck Jonathan protected this disastrous governor through pedestrian policies and patronages that misled the public into thinking that this man was doing creditably when in reality and from all indications they were unarguably the worst governor this country has ever had . There can never be another T. A. Orji in human history of public governance . Why on earth would ex-President Jonathan embark on foreign trips with a non-performer like this fellow ? The worst aspect of the presidential shield was the conferment of a national award on T. A. Orji . Why would they not be emboldened to go for the senate ? Nigeria is indeed a circus show if the like of T. A. Orji will end up in the upper legislative chamber . This is the summit of mediocrity .
Since the inglorious exit of this man from power , different categories of workers are being owed between nine and 18 months ' salaries . All through their worthless tenure the judiciary was on intermittent strikes due to non-payment of emoluments . Right now , they have just embarked on another round of industrial action . Staff of tertiary institutions of learning have adjusted to a life of irregular salary payment or non-payment at all . This civil service irresponsibility never happened before in the history of the state before Ocheonwu .
T. A. Orji 's government was founded and rooted in mass deception , lies and unparalleled propaganda . When former Governor Wamakko of Sokoto State visited Abia State , their host took them to Bende road within the precincts of the Abia Tower , off Aba road and , typically , lied to them that their fatalistic administration transformed the major road from single to double carriageway up to Arochukwu , whereas the dual carriage access stopped at Isieke Ibeku Primary School— and not Arochukwu as Orji parroted—approximately a 10-kilometre distance from the tower . Another deceit is the interminable and viral placement of Secretariat road in multimedia channels as if that was the only road in the state .
Just as most of the roads in the state are impassable at any speed , public schools are decrepit , appalling and hallmarks of Orji 's systemic ruination of God 's Own State . Scholastic pursuit here has taken a back seat , almost irredeemably with backlogs of unpaid salaries ( including leave allowances ) to various faculties and infrastructural decomposition ! Anyone who thinks these are brainwaves from an oppositional press should visit Abia State today and see the state of rot . Such fact-finding trips should start from Aba which signposts the worst dilapidation in human history . Whoever cares should visit Government College , Umuahia , Girls ' High School , Aba , and Ndume Otuka Secondary School , Umuahia , as benchmarks for any investigation .
Ever heard of the hoax called “ Legacy Projects ” ? These are fraudulent manipulations and re-engineering of existing facilities that are whitewashed , rebranded and launched as novel structures in shambolic measures . The dubiousness covers all sectors of the state . Hardly can you see entirely new infrastructures . Most people have been hoodwinked overtime that they have come to believe the tissues of lies well packaged by Orji and their charlatanistic boys who held the state by the jugular for eight uneventful , locust years . Wherever you see any trace of “ Legacy Project ” , be cautious before the wool is pulled over your eyes . Lest I forget , what has become of “ Ochendo Vanguard ” ? Yet another brainless , unproductive and combative creation of this man targeted at “ oppositional renegades ” .
T. A. Orji 's despotism was unequalled in their vanishing dispensation . Arbitrariness characterized their wasted eight years as the governor of this unfortunate , nay cursed , state . All manner of oppositions were roundly subdued in the past inglorious years in the state amid allegations of killer-gangs who go after recalcitrant antagonists of the Orji government . The gross insensitivity was such that those who should have spoken up had either been cowed or compromised that they turned a blind eye to Orji 's unprecedented misrule . A group of famished and nondescript Abians tagged “ elders ” went about endorsing the illegalities , ruination and desecration of Abia by Orji because of the handouts they gave them monthly . It will never be well with poverty which has mortgaged the conscience of this category of my people . When persons who are supposed to challenge the governor are on their miserly pay-roll , the man can get away with murder ! Official rascality and intimidation were celebrated here in government circles . Dissenters and opponents were routinely threatened and in some cases subjected to gruesome doses of inhumanities , as exemplified by my abduction sponsored by Ocheonwu .
Just before Orji vamoosed , it should have been instructive to know the identities of the owners of buildings on Aguiyi Ironsi Layout , owners of Benac Hotels ( formerly Empire Hotels ) , luxury structures at Ochendo Estate , among other copious acquisitions here and choice homes abroad . Yet , the state was left to decompose on account of graft by its out-gone manager . Can all those who were forced to sell/forfeit their houses and land to Orji come up now and let the public know why our comatose state could not advance beyond its paralysis ? How can a man with acquisitive tendencies that smack of kleptomania have resources and the time to run the state creditably and enthrone good governance ?
There is every indication that roads in the state will remain the way they had been in the past nine years plus . This is no airport fiction . Just visit Ikot Ekpene , Omuma , School , Clifford , Eziukwu , Kaduna , Saint Michael 's ( close to the Central Police Station ) , Osusu , Urata , Obohia , Force , Nkwo Ngwa Market , Port Harcourt , Asa by Pound , Ngwa by Ohanku roads are mostly impassable as they have all been taken over by weeds and other eyesores .
If there is superfluous money to buy posh and elitist houses in parts of the state , Abuja , Lagos and overseas , there should also be funds to fix these roads just as former Governors Godswill Akpabio , Ibrahim Sehu Shema , Sule Lamido and Emmanuel Eweta Uduaghan of Akwa Ibom , Katsina , Jigawa and Delta states , respectively , had done for their environments . Good governance is essentially the provision of basic amenities .
This post was syndicated from The Sun News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia ( ESCWA ) , which recently published a report accusing Israel of ‘ apartheid , ' has published a new document which accuses Israeli security forces of using disproportionate force against Palestinian Authority residents and in some cases of “ extrajudicial executions. ” It also accuses Israel of “ torture or ill-treatment of Palestinian children ” and “ deprivation of basic legal safeguards for administrative detainees , isolation and solitary confinement of detainees , including minors , punishment and ill-treatment of hunger strikers . ”
Israel 's Ambassador to the United Nations , Danny Danon , has announced that they will work to have this report removed , saying , “ This is yet another blood libel against the State of Israel . Just as we succeeded in having the previous preposterous report removed , we will fight relentlessly against this blatantly false distortion of the truth as well. ” They concluded , “ We will not accept any attempt to slander the brave soldiers of the IDF . ”
Traders Raise Concern as Biggest Bitcoin Exchange Halts Deposits
Following Bitfinex 's announcement that it will refuse all deposits , fears have been brewing that bitcoin may encounter another Mt . Gox .
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
without spending much money .
Boss McKannick to the rescue !
Dear Boss ,
I have a 1996 Arctic Cat Bearcat 450 . It only goes 30 mph at full throttle . I asked the guy I bought it from , and they say it began losing speed after they had the carburetor rebuilt . Can you tell me what might be wrong with my quad and how to fix it ? Thanks for your help .
Martin Byler
Spartansburg , PA
Certainly sounds like the previous owner did something wrong ! Since your carburetor is a CV type , I would remove the top bell cover and see if the diaphragm has a hole in it . If it does , it 's $ 152 to replace the slide/diaphragm assembly . Or , you could use an old trick—silicone seal . Smear some over the hole and let it dry , then reassemble . Other causes could be the needle jet is not positioned correctly in the slide , or the needle jet/main jet has dropped out of position .
Let Boss McKannick solve the problem you 're having with your ATV or UTV . Email a question to them at dwdialedin @ hi-torque.com
Source : Russian EMERCOM , Vladimir region
A train rammed into a passenger bus , the motor of which died on railway tracks in the Vladimir region of Russia on Friday , October 6 . The drivers could not start the engine because of a problem with a battery . Sixteen people , including one child , were killed in the accident , but the bus driver survived . Five people were hospitalized , four of them remain in critical condition .
The Mercedes bus was reportedly carrying 55 citizens of Uzbekistan to Moscow . There were two drivers in the bus , nationals of Kazakhstan , one of them was killed .
`` The battery was weak , we wanted to start it up , but it would n't , '' Sarman Nurgali , the driver who survived in the accident said . It was the first time , when the bus , made in 1990 , broke , they added .
Representatives of the Foreign Ministry of Kazakhstan said that the bus was registered in Southern Kazakhstan and belonged to an individual entrepreneur .
The accident occurred at 03:29 a.m. in the area of the Pokrov station of the Vladimir region , when a train traveling from St. Petersburg to Nizhny Novgorod crashed into the bus on the railway tracks . The train driver tried to stop the train , although to no avail . The break path of the train was said to be over 700 meters . Thirty-four passengers of the bus survived .
A criminal case was filed into the accident under Part 3 of Article 263 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation `` Violation of safety rules for the movement and operation of rail , air , sea and water transport . ''
According to most recent reports , the death toll from the accident in the Vladimir region has climbed to 19 . German Chancellor Angela Merkel presented their condolences to President Putin in connection with the tragedy .
Pravda.Ru
NEW YORK - Police in New York are looking for a group of men who attacked a bodega clerk with avocados and bananas late last month .
According to the NYPD , a 21-year-old clerk was behind the counter at the Stadium Gourmet Deli when two suspects approached them angrily about a food order .
The men suddenly began throwing unripe avocados and bananas at the clerk , some of which ricochet off the clerk and across the room .
The clerk suffered a broken jaw and a cut on their face .
Police released surveillance video Wednesday in the hopes of catching the suspects .
HEALTH watchdog Coun Steve Holgate has warned that Chorley Hospital 's new round the clock Urgent Care Centre service will be under council scrutiny when it opens later this month .
The Centre , which will be operated by external contractors gtd healthcare , a not for profit organisation , is expected to become operational on January 18 .
The hospital 's partially reinstated accident and emergency unit is also due to reopen for 12 hours a day this month .
The accident and emergency unit closed in April and since then protestors , including Chorley MP Lindsay Hoyle , have been campaigning for its full reinstatement .
Coun Holgate said they had had reassurance from the local CCG ( Clinical Commissioning Group ) that their committee would continue to have a role monitoring the Urgent Care Centre “ even though they are a private company . ”
They also pledged campaigning would continue for the reinstatement of a full 24 hour accident and emergency service in Chorley and they would be meeting the hospital Trust in February .
They said : “ It 's fairly evident from the effects at Preston ( Royal Preston Hospital ) that Chorley needs a 24/7 accident and emergency unit . Once the service is up and running we intend to speak to the Clinical Commissioning Group and the Acute Hospitals Trust to take a look at how the system is working on both sites . ”
LONDON ( AP ) — British package holiday travelers used to having to rush to secure poolside lounge chairs first thing in the morning can now sleep in .
Travel company Thomas Cook is offering to reserve poolside chairs for a fee of 25 euros ( $ 31 ) per person per stay , sparing its guests the morning dash to put a towel on a lounger to claim it for the day .
British travelers to southern Europe have long complained that diehard sun worshippers — especially the German ones — get up early and claim loungers as soon as hotel pools open and hog the spaces all day , even when they are n't beside the water . Videos on social media have captured moments that resemble stampedes as pools open and guests race in , tossing towels on choice spots .
The Sun tabloid splashed the story on its front page Monday , showing a poolside lounge chair draped in a Union Jack with the headline `` Brits beat Germans by booking sunbeds . Wish you were here ? ''
Just to show the feeling is mutual , the Germans counter that the Brits are the real sun lounge lizards . The popular newspaper Bild , for example , noted `` Wait a minute : the Brits are worse than the Germans , are n't they ? ''
Thomas Cook , the British travel company credited with inventing the package holiday , points no fingers , sticking with careful neutrality .
Instead , the company insists its policy is about choice . Anyone can pay for a little marker on the poolside chair that denotes a reserved seat . The plan should cover 30 hotels by the summer .
Thomas Cook says the loungers will be displayed on a map featuring a compass to help people determine whether certain areas will be in the sun or shade at different times of day . Only a portion of loungers will be bookable , so travelers who do n't want to pay extra can vie for sunny spots in the poolside equivalent of open seating — just like before .
`` Traditional package holidays are a thing of the past , '' said Thomas Cook 's U.K . Managing Director Chris Mottershead . `` Holidaymakers today want to personalize their package , mixing and matching the elements that best fit their needs and lifestyle . ''
The Thomas fire , the worst of five wildfires currently burning in California , grew by more than 50,000 acres on Sunday , making it the fifth-largest wildfire in the state 's history , fire officials said .
Interested in California Wildfires ? Add California Wildfires as an interest to stay up to date on the latest California Wildfires news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
Fueled by shifty Santa Ana winds and extremely low humidity , the destructive blaze had charred at least 230,000 acres by Sunday evening , prompting new mandatory evacuation orders for about 5,000 residents in Santa Barbara County .
More than 30,000 other residents in Santa Barbara County were under evacuation warnings .
The fire , which has burned uncontrollably since last Monday , had destroyed 790 structures and damaged about 190 others by Sunday , authorities said . It was only 10 percent contained as of Sunday evening as about 5,770 firefighters from about 100 different crews battled the blaze , according to fire officials . It was about 15 percent contained earlier , but the containment dropped as the fire 's perimeter grew , officials said .
The Associated Press
It was previously 15 percent contained , according to fire officials , but the containment level dropped as the fire 's perimeter grew overnight Saturday and through the day Sunday .
The state has spent more than $ 34 million on efforts to suppress the Thomas fire , which has also knocked out electricity for thousands of area residents , authorities said .
Collectively , the series of wildfires across Southern California have forced more than 200,000 people out of their homes since last Monday , damaging about 800 structures and scorching more than 270 square miles of land , according to The Associated Press .
The Associated Press
A 70-year-old woman was identified Friday as the first victim of the fires . Virginia Pesola , of Santa Paula , was killed in a car crash as they evacuated Wednesday , The Associated Press reported .
The Associated Press
`` [ We 're ] facing a new reality in the state , '' California Governor Jerry Brown said Saturday as they surveyed the damage in Ventura County . `` It 's a horror and a horror we need to recover from . ''
They also noted that the years of drought and climate change have caused experts to conclude that `` California is burning up . ''
The Associated Press
From here on in California , Brown said , fires are going to be more `` intense '' and penetrate lives and property .
`` Individuals need to come together to make our communities livable , '' they said .
Naira maintains grip , closes at 364 per dollar
Daily Post Nigeria
The naira closed flat at 364 per the United States dollar on Wednesday , the same rate it closed on Monday and Tuesday . This is despite a $ 414m injection into the foreign exchange market by the Central Bank of Nigeria on Monday . The naira had posted a …
and more »
The wreckage — yet to be excavated and formally verified — has galvanized historians and reawakened the pain of enslavement among African-American descendants of the Clotilda captives , some of whom still live in what is called Africatown , a community not far from downtown Mobile that was founded by their forebears . This sudden rush of emotion underscores yet again the continuing impact of slavery on contemporary American life .
To find the wreckage , Mr. Raines relied partly on new information gleaned from a local man who had seen it as a child , but also acknowledges a debt to the historian Sylviane Diouf , whose book “ Dreams of Africa in Alabama : The Slave Ship Clotilda and the Story of the Last Africans Brought to America ” offered clues as to the whereabouts of the wreckage as it documented the lives of the Clotilda Africans during enslavement and after Emancipation .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The Clotilda captives had come from an area in West Africa where enslaved people could rise to influential positions in society once they became free . That experience would have left them utterly unprepared for a life in which slave status was inherited , based on ethnicity and punishingly cruel .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The captives clung to African identities in the face of a system that was intended to erase them . They became a force to be reckoned with in plantation life by remaining united and showing that they would use violence to protect themselves . In one particularly vivid instance , they pounced on an overseer who tried to whip an African woman , lashing them instead , bringing such predations to an end .
After Emancipation , the Clotilda Africans wanted more than anything to return home . But once they realized that they would probably live out their days in the United States , they took the brave step of petitioning Meaher for land , arguing that they owed them compensation for the free labor they had provided during bondage . Not surprisingly , Meaher refused . But the fact that the Africans pursued redress at all is remarkable , given that black men and women in the 19th century could be killed for even talking back to whites .
Denied passage home , the Clotilda captives recreated Africa adjacent to the delta , scrimping and saving to buy property in the community they proudly named “ African Town. ” This refuge — from both white and black Americans — made it easier for them to embrace the West African culture and African languages that families continued to speak into 20th century .
As they related the story of their captivity to their children , the Africans would no doubt have pointed to the charred hull of the Clotilda ; it remained visible at low tide for several decades until the parts of the ship exposed to weather rotted away .
If the newly discovered wreck is indeed America 's last slave ship , artifacts from the site could well open a window onto horrors the captives suffered during the crossing . But even in the absence of new information , the intense emotion that has welled up around this story underscores the extent to which the United States is still haunted by its original sin .
Trumbull , the New England champion , lost to West Linn , Oregon , the Northwest champion , by a score of 16-1 , in the Babe Ruth World Series Tournament at R.F . & P. Park in Glen Allen , Virginia on Monday .
Trumbull finished at 1-3 in Northern Division Pool play .
West Linn improved to 2-2 .
Brandon Buda had a single , a double and scored a run for Trumbull and was its Ron Tellefsen Game MVP Award winner .
Adam Simshauser was 4-for-4 with a pair of RBIs and was West Linn 's honoree .
West Linn took control after a seven-run first inning that featured six hits .
Buda doubled to lead off the home second for Trumbull , and scored on Matt Bagley 's one out double .
Ray Leonzi singled with two outs in the third and Buda had Trumbull 's final hit with a one-out single in the fourth .
West Linn totaled 15 hits in four turns at the plate against four Trumbull pitchers .
Trumbull had only four baserunners off West Linn right-hander Kyle Sullivan .
The Trumbull defense turned a pair of double plays .
Rose McGowan announced Friday that they wo n't be making any more public appearances after a public spat Wednesday night with a transgender woman at a signing of the actor ' memoir , “ Brave . ”
McGowan went on to blame their publicists , managers , fans and employees at the New York City Barnes and Noble where the signing took place .
“ I am canceling upcoming public appearances because I have given enough , ” McGowan tweeted Friday . “ I have given beauty , in return I was VERBALLY ASSAULTED for two full minutes @ BNBuzz by an actor paid to verbally assault a woman who has been terrorized by your system . And no ONE in that room did anything . ”
Also Read : Rose McGowan : Harvey Weinstein Denial Is a 'Sad , Pathetic ' Attempt to 'Slut-Shame '
“ And everyone from my publicists , t [ sic ] assistants , managers and every person sitting in their chairs frozen by their weakness , a weakness called COMPLICITY . The truth is you all failed me . Again . And again . And again. ” They also demanded an apology from “ the manager of the Union Square @ BNUnionSquareNY and all security people , and the audience , who did nothing and let the paid verbal assault of an assaulted woman happen . ”
I am canceling upcoming public appearances because I have given enough . I have given beauty , in return I was VERBALLY ASSAULTED for two full minutes @ BNBuzz by an actor paid to verbally assault a woman who has been terrorized by your system . And no ONE in that room did anything — rose mcgowan ( @ rosemcgowan ) February 2 , 2018
And everyone from my publicists , t assistants , managers and every person sitting in their chairs frozen by their weakness , a weakness called COMPLICITY . The truth is you all failed me . Again . And again . And again . — rose mcgowan ( @ rosemcgowan ) February 2 , 2018
I would like an apology from the manager of the Union Square @ BNUnionSquareNY and all security people , and the audience , who did nothing and let the paid verbal assault of an assaulted woman happen . Cool ? — rose mcgowan ( @ rosemcgowan ) February 2 , 2018
At the signing , McGowan was taking audience questions when Andi Dier spoke up from the back of the room , telling McGowan that they are n't focused enough on transgender women 's rights .
Also Read : Rose McGowan Hurls F-Bombs at Harvey Weinstein After They Call Them Accusations a 'Bold Lie '
“ Trans women are dying and you said that we , as trans women , are not like regular women , ” Dier said . “ We get raped more often . We go through domestic violence more often . There was a trans woman killed here a few blocks from here . I have been followed home . ”
“ Hold on . So am I . We are the same , ” McGowan countered . “ My point was , we are the same . There 's an entire show called ID channel , a network , dedicated to women getting abused , murdered , sexualized , violated , and you 're a part of that , too , sister . It 's the same . ”
“ You do nothing for them , ” Dier said . “ Trans women are in men 's prisons . And what have you done for them ? ”
Also Read : Harvey Weinstein Breaks Silence , Calls Rose McGowan Accusations a 'Bold Lie '
“ What have you done for women ? ” McGowan said , raising their voice . After Dier left , McGowan launched into this :
“ Do n't label me , sister . Do n't put your labels on me . Do n't you f–ing do that . Do not put your labels on me . I do n't come from your planet . Leave me alone . I do not subscribe to your rules . I do not subscribe to your language . You will not put labels on me or anybody . Step the f– back . What I do for the f–ing world and you should be f–ing grateful . Shut the f– up . Get off my back . What have you done ? I know what I 've done , God d—it . ”
You can see more in the Instagram video post above .
Friday , The Daily Beast caught up with Dier , who said they felt sympathy for McGowan . “ Her trauma was caused by men , ” they said . “ And I feel personally that maybe they have a traumatic response because they really does see us as men . ”
Also Read : Rose McGowan Says They Floated Above Them Body During 1997 Harvey Weinstein Assault
“ What I would have liked to have said to her , when they told me they were followed home , I would have told them that when she 's followed home , what she 's afraid of is being sexually assaulted , ” Dier continued . “ Well , I 'm afraid of being sexually assaulted followed by being murdered . ”
“ I 'm fully prepared for the TERFs [ so-called trans-exclusionary radical feminists ] to come after me like they 've already done before , ” they added .
ILTV meets Yogev Shelly from Tinytap - the Israeli company that came up with a new way to make education fun and accessible .
Aisha Buhari was not allowed to see Buhari in London ; Cabal forged Buhari 's signature – SR
President Muhammadu Buhari was not allowed to see their wife during their recent visit to the United Kingdom , presidency sources informed SaharaReporters on Tuesday . In the stunning disclosure , the sources affirmed that the president has been kept away from several of their aides and even those bodyguards who supposedly traveled with him . According to SAHARA [ … ]
The post Aisha Buhari was not allowed to see Buhari in London ; Cabal forged Buhari 's signature – SR appeared first on Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Liberal leader Kathleen Wynne made a stop at Stelco , their NDP rival 's riding . There they attacked both Andrea Horwath and Doug Ford 's ability to lead the province saying she 's the best candidate to help save jobs and handle trade negotiations .
“ We stepped up and supported Stelcos restructuring we fought to save those good jobs . ”
Saying she 's the best person to handle delicate U.S. trade negotiations .
“ On one hand of the spectrum you have Doug Ford , they have expressed their admiration for Donald Trump . On the other hand we have the NDP who have historically campaigned against free trade agreements . ”
But it does n't sit well with the President of Hamilton 's Steelworkers area council .
“ Save the sound bites , the real work would have been more appreciated people in Hamilton are not going to be fooled. ” Darren Green , President Hamilton steelworkers area council .
Two local steel mills , Hamilton Specialty Bar and Republic Steel were forced to close this year leaving hundreds of workers without jobs . Those workers and their unions saying they lost faith in the Liberal government .
“ If they have worked so hard to help steelworkers those 2 plants would have been here . Where have they been for the last number of months , actually the last number of years . ”
Andrea Horwath had the same question today .
The Liberals have one Hamilton-area riding held by Ted McMeekin . The rest are held by New Democrats , with one new riding this election .
By MARCY GORDON
AP Business Writer
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $ 35 million fine to resolve federal regulators ' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history .
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company , which is now called Altaba after its email and other digital services were sold to Verizon Communications for $ 4.48 billion last year . The Sunnyvale , California-based company , which is no longer publicly traded , neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws .
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers . The SEC alleged that , although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach , the company failed to fully investigate . The breach was n't disclosed to the investing public until more than two years later , when Yahoo was working on closing Verizon 's acquisition of its operating business in 2016 , the SEC said .
`` Yahoo 's failure to have controls and procedures in place to assess its cyber disclosure obligations ended up leaving its investors totally in the dark about a massive data breach , '' Jina Choi , director of the SEC 's San Francisco regional office , said in a statement .
Altaba spokesperson Mike Pascale said the company declined to comment on the SEC settlement .
Sen. Mark Warner , D-Va. , who urged the SEC in September 2016 to investigate whether Yahoo met its obligation to inform the public , said Tuesday that the company 's failure to do so `` did n't pass the smell test . ''
`` Holding the company accountable is important , and I hope others will learn you ca n't sweep this kind of thing under the rug , '' Warner , a member of the Senate Banking Committee , said in a tweet .
Yahoo eventually acknowledged that the 2014 hacking attack and a separate one in 2013 brought affected all 3 billion accounts on its service .
Yahoo ended up having to give Verizon a $ 350 million discount on their deal , reflecting concerns that people might reduce their use of Yahoo email and other digital services because of the breach , decreasing opportunities to show ads .
In scooping up Yahoo 's digital services , Verizon 's strategy was to meld the operations with its AOL division with an eye to becoming a bigger player in the growing market for digital ads .
Yahoo 's most valuable parts - investments in China 's e-commerce leader Alibaba , and in Yahoo Japan - were left in the new company called Altaba . Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer , a former Google executive who led Yahoo for nearly five years , did not join Verizon and was out of a job .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame was the site for an induction of a different kind today as 32 people took the oath to become U.S. citizens .
The first Flag Day as citizens for 32 people
About 200 spectators came to show support for the new citizens , who were gathered on the mall outside of the Rock Hall .
Maria Hsia came to the U.S. from the Philippines in 1996 . Now , they live in Twinsburg and is also one of the 32 new citizens .
“ I missed the election last year and I 'm like , ‘ I may have been the one vote that could have changed everything . ' So that 's the one reason , really : I wanted to make a difference . ”
About a third of the new citizens were from Bhutan , just like college student Manny Rieu .
“ About 80,000 people from Bhutan have come to the United States . I 'm proud to be in the United States citizenship . I 'm really too happy . ”
Federal Judge Dan Polster administered the oath of citizenship . They say they like holding naturalization ceremonies in public when possible .
“ Too often , those of us who were born here take our citizenship for granted – and our freedoms – and we should n't . ”
Polster adds that holding the event at the Rock Hall was a nice way to tie-in with the international and welcoming flavor of rock and roll .
Global Cleveland helped organize the event as part of the # NaturalizeNow campaign , which aims to get one million people naturalized this year .
A video highlighting the ceremony is below .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Sears Holdings Corp. says it 's laying off 220 workers primarily at its headquarters in Hoffman Estates , Illinois as it struggles to turn around its ailing business .
A company spokesperson said Wednesday the job cuts were across the board and are effective immediately . Sears says it 's offering severance and transition assistance to those workers who are eligible .
Earlier in January , the retailer said it was closing more than 100 locations under the Sears and Kmart names . That includes 64 Kmart stores and 39 Sears stores that will be shuttered between early March and early April .
That 's in addition to closing about 250 stores announced last year .
Sears , which struggled through a weak holiday season , has been selling off some of its real estate and brands as it tries to raise cash .
A missing Pennsylvania student has been found dead in Bermuda , local police said in a press conference Monday.Mark Dombroski , 19 , was last seen early Sunday morning at a bar , a representative from Bermuda Police Services said.Dombroski 's body was found `` in a moat '' at Fort Prospect in Devonshire , Bermuda , acting Assistant Commissioner of Police James Howard said . `` Foul play is not ruled out right now , '' Howard , said . `` The forensic officers are there . They 're assessing the scene , assessing the body . `` Howard would not confirm who found Dombroski 's body , but did say officers were on the scene . They also said the body was found close to police headquarters but not on police property.Dombroski was on the island to compete with Saint Joseph 's University 's rugby team in a competition , the university confirmed to ABC News . `` We extend our deepest sympathies to the Dombroski family along with Mark 's teammates , classmates and friends , '' the university said in a statement . `` Saint Joseph 's students in need of counseling or ministry have been informed of available services . The circumstances of Mark 's death are still under investigation by the [ Bermuda Police Services ] . `` Prior to their disappearance , Dombroski was at the Dog House , a bar on Front Street in Devonshire , Howard said.Officials used CCTV footage to track their movements after leaving the bar.When asked if Dombroski got into an argument at the bar and refused taxi money from friends , Superintendent Sean Field-Lament said it was too early in the investigation to comment.Dombroski 's mother , Lisa Dombroski , said at the press conference Monday that they had reviewed the security footage and it looked like their son `` was not feeling well '' from a shoulder injury they sustained in the rugby competition . They added that it looked like `` he wanted to get going '' and go back to the hotel.Officials said the incident is still under investigation .
The Orthopaedic & Sports Medicine Center ( OSM ) of Trumbull is accepting applications for a $ 2,000 scholarship and several additional scholarships . The scholarship is open to high school athletes planning to attend college in the fall of 2018 .
The scholarship is open to students at Bassick , Bunnell , Central , Fairfield Ludlowe , Fairfield Warde , Masuk , Notre Dame , St. Joseph , Stratford , Trumbull , and Warren Harding .
For an application , visit osmcenter.com . Applications must be submitted by Friday , May 11 , 2018 to Kate Nadler , Sports Medicine Coordinator , at The Orthopaedic & Sports Medicine Center , 888 White Plains Rd. , Trumbull , CT 06611 . OSM will select winners June 2018 .
Lungu 's ‘ lipstick ' approach to corruption fight criticised
Former FODEP executive director McDonald Chipenzi says President Lungu 's approach to the fight against corruption will not reduce the vice
Chipenzi said the approach the President has taken ends at paying lip service to the fight without any tangible action .
They noted that President Lungu was acting like those who apply lipstick depending on the occasion and is cleaned later .
“ The lipstick approach being adopted by President Edgar Chagwa Lungu to the fight against corruption by President Lungu will not work , succeed and further not reduce the vice .
“ The approach is Lipstick in sense that their fight ends as a lip service and dependent on the occasion and mood they are in .
“ Like those who apply lipsticks on their lips , they are tailor made to suit the occasion and washed away for replacement to suit the next occasion , so is President Lungu 's lip-service fight against corruption , ” they said .
They explained that the President only talks about corruption when it suits the occasion .
“ When you follow the president 's talk on corruption , it is only during swearing in ceremonies , when alighting or embarking at the airport or indeed after a year when they deliver a repeated speech on the International Day of Anti-corruption like was the case on the 9th of December .
“ During these occasions , pledges , commitments and directives are made but they all end up as lipsticks to the fight against corruption though in a lukewarm and laizzes faire manner , ” they said .
They said the President should demonstrate the will to fight the scourge .
“ Therefore , we need to see their heaviness , like they once confessed that “ he is heavier than a ton of bricks and could roll over their political opponents ” which they have demonstrated diligently , to roll over corruption which they have publicly confessed that they abhor it .
“ We wait to see the fight in action and not on the lips like a lipstick . ”
What NFF told Rohr during Tuesday 's meeting after South Africa defeat
Chairman of the Nigeria Football Federation ( NFF ) technical committee , Chris Green , has revealed that Super Eagles coach Gernot Rohr , will face strict scrutiny over the invitation of players , following a 2-0 defeat to South Africa in a 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier last Saturday . The German tactician was summoned by the technical committee to [ … ]
What NFF told Rohr during Tuesday 's meeting after South Africa defeat
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mariners lament over-lapping functions of maritime agencies
By Godwin Oritse
THE Nigerian Association of Master Mariners , ( NAMM ) , has expressed concern over the over-lapping functions of the various maritime agencies in Nigeria , adding that the development portends absence of strategic maritime policy .
Speaking at its quarterly meeting in Lagos , the association 's president , Captain Joseph Awodeha , said the absence of a strategic maritime policy has not only led to under-development of the maritime industry , but has denied Nigeria international partnership .
They further noted that the lack of strategic policy has led to all sorts of unwholesome practice and confusion which only benefit some people . Awodeha also called on the government to commence a strategic training programme for practitioners in the maritime industry as a succession plan for the ageing professionals . They were particular about the Nigerian cadets that are currently undergoing training in various maritime academies around the world .
The retired shipping captain lamented the transfer of theoretical knowledge without the opportunity of having the practical aspect of the training . They stated : “ There is no point in sending cadets abroad for training and at the end of the training , the cadet does not have the practical experience to carry out the job they have been trained in . There are so many cadets that have been trained abroad but they can not perform their duties as marine officers- or engineers because of the absence of practical knowledge . So they have come in with academic qualification but no professional competence . In other words , until we do that , we have not spent monies well on the training of the cadets , they are half baked , they are not complete officers yet . ”
The post Mariners lament over-lapping functions of maritime agencies appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Fallout has a pretty sturdy formula . You wake up in a Vault , a bomb shelter designed to keep you safe for decades or centuries after nuclear war , and go to explore the world , talk with people , and settle your disagreements amicably . Or shoot people in the face . Shooting people in the face remains a viable strategy ! And it appears , this time around , you 'll be strapping on the Pip Boy in Vault 76 , deep in West Virginia .
If you pay attention , there are a few hints that while this vault is working fairly well and neither falls to raiders nor turns out to be some sort of gross or weird social experiment ( well , insofar as we can tell from this brief teaser ) , something 's still up . For one thing , it announces that “ Reclamation Day ” is at hand , and that the dwellers of this particular Vault went in in 1976 . That 's a bit later than usually occurs in the game 's timeline . Also eyebrow-raising is that you 're popping out in 2076 , a good two centuries or so before the events of Fallout 3 and 4 and just shy of a century before the original Fallout . Interestingly , Vault 76 has been the “ control ” vault in the series , where people just live with no social experiments . Is that really unfolding here , though ?
Is it a prequel ? An alternate universe ? Would not even nuclear weapons stop the career of John Denver , whose “ Country Roads , Take Me Home ” is covered in this teaser ? Is this vault much older and its descendants are just being lied to ? Actually we 're not even sure that last one is worth phrasing as a question , since every vault has some weird social plan . But we 'll just have to wait to find out : Bethesda will likely have more for us at E3 .
Howard County Commissioners will hold a budget workshop Wednesday morning before holding their regular biweekly meeting at 3:30 p.m .
The budget workshop , scheduled to start at 9 a.m. in the second-floor conference room at the Howard County Courthouse , is one of a series commissioners have held recently to hammer out the budget for the upcoming fiscal year .
Commissioners will also address two other items of business during the budget workshop : At 1 p.m. they 'll hold a discussion with new Howard County Volunteer Fire Chief Mitchell Hooper on regulations for the July fireworks season and possibly take action to adopt the regulations under discussion ; and at 3 p.m. they 'll hear a presentation from Texas Association of Counties `` Healthy County Wellness Program '' Consultant Shameria Davis regarding a Tobacco Cessation Surcharge .
For the full story , please see Tuesday 's edition of the Herald .
This in from the office of Police and Crime Commissioner , Michael Lane . Ed
It was a full house at the Cyber Protect & Young People conference this week with one hundred teachers , social workers , youth workers and other professionals with a role in safeguarding young people coming together to find out more about the potential risks online and the resources available to help them support young people , and their families , to navigate the digital world safely .
The day opened with a short scene setting from the Police and Crime Commissioner about the national context of online safety and the Chief Constable sharing their perspective as national lead for Children and Young People , reflecting the leading role Hampshire plays in mitigating this vulnerability .
Michael Lane said :
“ Our children are playing their lives out online for all to see and this is having an impact on their mental health and safety . Every day we hear a different story about how young people are seeking validation online -how their perceived social status relies on ‘ likes ' , the devastating impacts that cyberbullying can have or the humiliation and trauma caused by sexting and revenge porn . “ It is really important that we seek to understand the pressures young people are under so we can provide the right advice , and the right support that will help them avoid being exploited or put at risk , while enabling them to make the most of the opportunities technology brings . ”
Key speakers included :
Emma Motherwell from the NSPCC on its campaign to get social media companies to take greater responsibility for protecting young users .
Tanya Goodin who shared insights into the impact of technology on mental health .
Hampshire Constabulary presented their work in this key digital area , including the impact of sexting .
Scott McGready , ‘ ethical hacker ' who showed how technology can be used to fake ‘ live chat ' and coerce young people into creating sexual imagery that can then be used to exploit them .
Members of the Commissioner 's Youth Commission presented their pilot Cyber Ambassador Scheme that seeks to embed online safety advice early on and to continue that throughout the school journey .
Michael Lane added :
“ I am very proud of the work my Youth Commission has put into creating and delivering the Cyber Ambassador scheme . “ I am looking forward to hearing from some of the schools that have taken part when they come together on Internet Safety Day ( 6 February ) to share their experiences and thoughts on how the scheme has positively helped their pupil stay safe . ”
Image : intelfreepress under CC BY 2.0
Creative youngsters who took part in a national children 's writing competition were influenced by Donald Trump more than any other public figure - according to analysts at Oxford University Press ( OUP ) .
In fact the word ‘ Trump ' was used so frequently in the 131,798 entries for the 2017 BBC Radio 2 Chris Evans ' Breakfast Show 's 500 Words competition that OUP has named it the Children 's Word of the Year - with an increase in mentions of 839 per cent on the previous year .
Skales Reveals The Weirdest Place They Have Had s * x , Their Favourite Part Of Woman 's Body
Kaduna born Nigerian rapper & singer , Raoul John Njeng-Njeng , who performs under the mononym Skales , in an edition of Netsecretquestions revealed the weirdest place they have had s * x , their favourite part of woman 's body and their wildest s * xual fantasies . ‘ I will kill Bobrisky , kiss Toke Makinwa and date Yemi Alade ' – The 26-year-old ‘ Shake body ' …
The post Skales Reveals The Weirdest Place They Have Had s * x , Their Favourite Part Of Woman 's Body appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
`` Jersey Shore '' star Michael `` The Situation '' Sorrentino and their brother pleaded not guilty Monday to additional tax fraud charges after federal prosecutors say they filed fake tax returns and claimed luxury car and clothing purchases were business expenses .
Michael and Marc Sorrentino entered their pleas during an arraignment in federal court in Newark .
`` This is a complicated case — Michael is not a complicated person , '' Michael Sorrentino 's attorney , Henry Klingeman , told reporters outside the courthouse after the hearing had concluded .
Marc Sorrentino 's attorney declined to comment on the proceedings .
In 2014 , the brothers pleaded not guilty to charges they filed bogus tax returns on nearly $ 9 million and claimed millions in personal expenses as business expenses .
Michael Sorrentino was indicted this month on charges including tax evasion , structuring bank deposits to avoid reporting requirements and falsifying records . Marc Sorrentino was charged with falsifying records to obstruct a grand jury investigation .
Prosecutors allege Michael Sorrentino did n't pay federal income tax owed on the $ 8.9 million they earned from 2010 to 2012 , failed to file a personal tax return for 2011 and filed fake corporate returns for one of the companies the brothers set up after they gained fame on the show . Prosecutors say they also made a series of bank deposits of under $ 10,000 to avoid bank reporting requirements .
After the brothers were served with grand jury subpoenas seeking records from their companies , prosecutors allege Marc Sorrentino falsified records to reclassify taxable payments to themselves as nontaxable payments and business deductions .
`` The Situation '' appeared on all six seasons of the MTV reality show , which followed the lives of rowdy housemates on New Jersey 's famed Atlantic shore and ran from 2009 to 2012 .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
SenseTime Group Ltd. has raised $ 620 million at a valuation of more than $ 4.5 billion just months after scoring a similar amount from investors led by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and Singapore 's state investment firm .
Fidelity International and Silver Lake Partners were among the investors in the latest financing , bringing the total amount raised by the three-year-old image recognition startup in the past six months to more than $ 1.2 billion and tripling its valuation in under a year . Tiger Capital , Qualcomm Ventures and Hopu Capital also participated . The latest funding will go toward research and talent acquisition , SenseTime said in a statement Thursday .
Investors are handing billions of dollars to Chinese artificial intelligence startups , hoping to ride a wave of support from a government intent on becoming the world leader in the technology by 2030 . But the growing hype is encouraging everything from video services to language schools to claim AI as integral to their business to win funding . Some investors warn the sector could experience a downturn towards the end of this year if those companies fail to deliver revenue growth .
SenseTime specializes in systems that analyze faces and images on an enormous scale and works with policing bodies across China . The startup said it experienced 400 % growth in each of the past three years as it encompassed more industries . Business contract revenue is up more than 10-fold so far this year , according to its statement .
Bloomberg
The company 's a big contributor to the world 's biggest system of surveillance : if you 've ever been photographed with a Chinese-made phone or walked the streets of a Chinese city , chances are your face has been digitally crunched by SenseTime software built into more than 100 million mobile devices . The country is ramping up spending on surveillance as it cracks down hard on restive parts of the country , including Xinjiang .
A key focus for SenseTime is its internal talent development program , that seeks to cut its reliance on externally-trained AI developers as the industry hits a global crunch . It 's an effort that will become increasingly important as the U.S. -- currently the source of many of the world leading computer science graduates -- drafts limitations on how long Chinese students can stay in the country .
Aside from Alibaba , it also counts Temasek Holdings Pte and retailer Suning.com Co. as investors . It 's the largest , according to CB Insights , of a plethora of private AI outfits .
Fellow facial-recognition startup Megvii Inc. raised $ 460 million last year , while smaller niche players from Yitu to Malong Technologies have also won funding . A key partner , Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology , is one of the world 's biggest suppliers of security cameras and developing its own competing AI technology .
By MARIA DANILOVA
Associated Press
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - A group of former students defrauded by for-profit colleges is claiming in court that the Education Department illegally obtained and used their Social Security data to limit their student loan relief .
The Education Department announced in December that it will start granting some former students at the now-defunct Corinthian Colleges only partial federal student loan forgiveness in part to save taxpayers ' money . The agency said it will use students ' earnings data to determine how much of their loans to forgive .
Some students have already received noticed from the department they will see only 50 percent or less of their loan wiped out , the Associated Press reported last week .
But a motion filed by several former Corinthian students over the weekend claims that the agency had obtained the figures from the Social Security Administration in violation of several laws as well as the Constitution . Attorneys with the Project on Predatory Student Lending at Harvard University representing the students say the agency should have turned to the students for their data as well as notified them of its actions in order to give them a chance to react .
The department `` has secretly and illegally coopted Social Security data to try to argue for something less than the complete cancellation and refund that these borrowers are due , '' said attorney Joshua Rovenger .
The motion , filed in federal court in California , is asking that the notices of partial relief be rescinded . The filing is part of a larger suit against the department .
The Education Department declined to comment on pending litigation .
The Social Security Administration did not return requests for comment .
The Obama administration went hard after for-profit colleges accused of fraud , closing down Corinthian and other major chains and tightening regulations for those schools . The administration also spent $ 550 million to fully forgive student loans for tens of thousands of students .
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has set out to overhaul the sector . They say the Obama regulations were unfair and is writing new ones . They say their new system of partial loan forgiveness will be fairer to students and taxpayers .
Tens of thousands more students are currently waiting for the agency to decide their cases .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
( Rock Springs , Wyo . – October 6 , 2017 ) – Sweetwater County Sheriff 's Office K9 Gino has received a bullet and stab protective vest thanks to a charitable donation from non-profit organization Vested Interest in K9s , Inc .
Gino 's vest was sponsored by the Staten Island Companion Dog Training Club , Inc. of Staten Island , New York and is embroidered with the sentiment “ Gifted by S.I . Companion Dog Training Club , Inc . ”
Gino , pictured here with their partner , Deputy Sheriff David Henderson , is a two-year-old German Shepard/Belgian Malinois mix . Gino joined the Sheriff 's Office in April of this year ; they are patrol- and narcotics-certified .
Vested Interest in K9s , Inc. is a 501c ( 3 ) charity located in East Taunton , MA whose mission is to provide bullet and stab protective vests and other assistance to dogs of law enforcement and related agencies throughout the United States . The non-profit was established in 2009 to assist law enforcement agencies with this potentially lifesaving body armor for their four-legged K9 officers . Since its inception , Vested Interest in K9s , Inc. provided over 2,200 protective vests , in 50 states , through private and corporate donations , at a cost of over 1.9 million dollars . All vests are custom made in the USA by Armor Express in Central Lake , MI .
The program is open to dogs actively employed in the U.S. with law enforcement or related agencies who are certified and at least 20 months of age . New K9 graduates , as well as K9s with expired vests , are eligible to participate .
The donation to provide one protective vest for a law enforcement K9 is $ 1,050.00 . Each vest has a value between $ 1,795 – $ 2,234 and a five-year warranty , and an average weight of 4-5 lbs . There are an estimated 30,000 law enforcement K9s throughout the United States . For more information or to learn about volunteer opportunities , please call 508-824-6978 . Vested Interest in K9s , Inc. provides information , lists events , and accepts tax-deductible donations of any denomination at www.vik9s.org or mailed to P.O . Box 9 East Taunton , MA 02718 .
Rivers rerun : Army recovers DSP Alkali 's gun , uniform
The Nigerian Army has recovered the uniforms of Mohammed Alkali , a Deputy Superintendent of Police ( DSP ) of Mobile Police Unit 48 and their orderly , Sgt . Urukwu Nwachukwu in Rivers state . General Officer Commanding ( GOC ) the newly-created 6 Division in Port Harcourt , the Rivers capital , Maj.-Gen. Kasimu Abdulkarim , who displayed the uniforms , alongside an AK-47 rifle on Sunday , said [ … ]
This post Rivers rerun : Army recovers DSP Alkali 's gun , uniform appeared first on YNaija .
This post was syndicated from YNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Merck & Co. CEO Ken Frazier ( R ) listens to President Donald Trump speak during a meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House in Washington , D.C. , February 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
( Reuters ) - Merck & Co Inc Chief Executive Kenneth Frazier resigned from U.S. President Donald Trump 's American Manufacturing Council on Monday , saying they were taking a stand against intolerance and extremism .
A gathering of hundreds of white nationalists in Virginia took a deadly turn on Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters and killed at least one person .
Trump had said `` many sides '' were involved , drawing fire from across the political spectrum for not specifically denouncing the far right .
`` America 's leaders must honor our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal , '' Frazier , who is African-American , said in a statement announcing their resignation . ( http : //bit.ly/2fFnITM )
`` As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience , I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism , '' they said .
Trump responded in a tweet , now that `` Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ''
Several executives from top U.S. companies have stepped down from a number of presidential advisory councils in protest to Trump policies .
Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger left the President 's Strategic and Policy Forum , a business advisory group , in June , after Trump said they would withdraw from the Paris climate accord . Musk also left the manufacturing council .
Former Uber Technologies Inc [ UBER.UL ] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration 's immigration policies .
The White House said Sunday that Trump 's remarks condemning violence at a white nationalist rally were meant to include the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups .
Democrats and Republicans criticized Trump for waiting too long to address the violence - their first major domestic crisis as president - and for failing when they did speak out to explicitly condemn white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee .
Trump on Saturday initially denounced what they called `` this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides . ''
On Sunday , however , the White House added : `` The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence , bigotry , and hatred , and of course that includes white supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi , and all extremist groups . They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ''
( Reporting by Michael Erman in New York and Natalie Grover in Bengaluru ; Editing by Maju Samuel and Nick Zieminski )
Public Private Dialogue
By Majyd Aziz
Public Private Dialogue has become a formidable tool in developing consensus on policy matters between the government and the private sector . This concept has transformed policymaking from a unilateral planning and implementation mechanism into a viable and practical system of ushering in a process of sensible thinking and conciliatory behavior . This has enabled the government and policymakers to formulate policies that are reasonably accepted by private sector and have the general support of the stakeholders . Public private understanding and decision making , although not all-encompassing in Pakistan , is being gradually put in motion , albeit more so when desired by government rather than any persuasive demand of the private sector .
The success of such dialogue is largely dependent on the will of the government , especially political will , and is manifested in the acceptance by government that it lacks the thorough knowledge and expertise of technicalities , capacity , and confidence to implement the policies . Hence , recourse is needed towards involving private sector in structuring and framing the doable policies that would not create implementation issues .
The government of the day must make a paradigm shift towards getting private sector on board and must ensure that a facilitation process is ensured so that the desired momentum is created to achieve the objectives . The government must also adapt a broad based posture and maintain a transparent outlook alongwith development of trust and good governance if there is to be progress in implementation .
Governments in most of the countries depend on mutual consultation and bridging the gap of mutual distrust by involving private sector into a comprehensive and well-defined consultative process . The fast moving global dynamics , the power of social media , the critical mass of the think tanks and research houses , the stronger role of private sector representative organizations , and the influence of media have impacted on the old landscape . It has become imperative for the government to reach out to the private sector and get it on the same page .
Public Private Dialogue in Pakistan is still wobbly and needs to be streamlined and made effective and practical . There is an inherent aversion to involve private sector in the true sense and it is mostly due to the fixed mindset of government hierarchy as well as bureaucracy to promote themselves as all knowing and considering their decisions and policies as the final word . Over the years , many of the policies have fallen flat or have been stubbornly opposed by private sector thus resulting in a vociferous outcry or dislike for the government or even threats of disobedience . By taking the private sector in to confidence , the government would be prominently placed to undertake reforms , develop cohesion , and inculcate widespread acceptance .
There are many vivid examples where private sector has been remiss in asserting its views forcefully and with conviction . The private sector has focused itself on a shorter menu of interaction . The prime concentration is on Federal Bureau of Revenue and on the utilities . Of course , some lobbying is undertaken with other concerned departments and agencies but this lobbying is more to do with individual needs rather than adopting an institutionalized approach . Photo opportunities , long flowering speeches , plaque presentations , and meaningless interaction have been the norm and thus the core and pressing issues are sidelined during the process . The real time engagement opportunity is lost and the audience is left hanging on a precipice .
There is also an obvious disconnect between think tanks and business organizations . Most of the Chambers and Associations do have research cells but , as is generally witnessed , most of the daily research output comprises of cut-and-paste news items , minimal research , and speech writing . Many business people do take the initiative to write on myriad economic issues and the newspapers whole-heartedly give prominence to these members of the private sector . However , it is a rare sight to see any economic position paper penned by the business leadership or the heads of business organizations .
Many respectable research houses and think tanks have the competency , the personnel , and the quality to produce the action plan for the private sector . Notwithstanding the availability of this treasure , the Chambers and Associations maintain a nonchalant attitude and bias against them and thus most of these think tanks are supported and funded by foreign organizations . In today 's volatile global environment , especially when Pakistani business people are at a disadvantage , there is an imperative need to muster cooperation , support and guidance of think tanks to structure policies and position papers for private sector so that there is clarity in the arguments and that there is a holistic approach to lobby and decide on the reforms and policies .
The media can become a strong ally in this cause . Business enterprises invest millions in promoting their goods and services through the media . They do get mileage for their products but there is no joint effort to get the media to promote the private sector in a forceful manner . Again , no institutionalized approach .
The FPCCI and major Chambers must have a team of retired senior bureaucrats , retired members of higher judiciary , retired diplomats , senior economists , and think tanks as an Advisory Group to assist in preparation and formulation of required policies and to dissect the policies announced by the government . This exercise should not be left just to Managing Committee members or officers of these business organizations . The examples of Confederation of Indian Industries or the US Chamber of Commerce and even the City of Milan Chamber of Commerce are noteworthy . The Milan Chamber of Commerce develops initiatives tailored to businesses in order to promote innovation , access to credit , training , and environmentally friendly practices . It contributes to the competitiveness of businesses while supporting them in internationalization processes .
The worrisome fact is that despite organizations such as SDPI , etc , deliberate , discuss , and structure various position papers emanating out of dedicated research and study , the business organizations rarely examine these studies and research and still rely on their personal experiences and limited research . Resultantly , they succumb to the viewpoints and decisions of policymakers who are adept at looking for holes and gaps in the presentation of the business representatives .
It is high time that a functional nexus is created between the business organizations and the development practitioners in the country . There is a lot going on in the economic front and keeping pace with the changing realities is advisable and imperative . Public private dialogue , commonality of views , and serious engagement would be reliable ammunition in the arsenal for all stakeholders as well as establishing good governance practices too . As Charles Darwin stated , “ It is not the strongest of species that survives , nor the most intelligent , but the one most responsive to change ” .
( The writer is Former President Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry )
( Adam Crowley/Kespry via AP ) . In this undated photo provided by Kespry , a Kespry drone hovers prior to measuring stockpiles at an aggregate site . Robots are coming to a construction site near you . Tech startups are developing self-driving bulldozers , s ...
( Adam Crowley/Kespry via AP ) . In this undated photo provided by Kespry , a Kespry drone is used to measure earthwork grading operations on a construction site . Robots are coming to a construction site near you . Tech startups are developing self-driving ...
( Adam Crowley/Kespry via AP ) . In this undated photo provided by Kespry , an operator monitors a Kespry drone during its autonomous flight . Robots are coming to a construction site near you . Tech startups are developing self-driving bulldozers , survey dr ...
( AP Photo/Terry Chea ) . In this photo taken Jan. 26 , 2018 , Mike Moy , an assistant plant manager for Lehigh Hanson Cement Group , inspects a Kespry drone they use to survey inventories of rock , sand and other building materials at a mining plant in Sunol , ...
By JANIE HAR
Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) - San Francisco could become the largest U.S. city to ban the sale of fur , a move that would hearten animal lovers but frustrate niche business owners who say they are fed up with city officials dictating what retailers can or ca n't sell .
If the Board of Supervisors approves the ban Tuesday , San Francisco would join two other California cities , West Hollywood and Berkeley , in saying no to a symbol of glamour that animal advocates say is built on cruelty and does not reflect the city 's values .
San Francisco has a strong social conscience , often at a cost to businesses . Its board banned the sale of menthol cigarettes and other flavored tobacco , which voters will consider in June , and prohibited performances by exotic animals . In 2016 , San Francisco approved what was then a groundbreaking paid parental leave law , requiring private employers to offer six weeks of fully paid leave .
If passed , the fur ban would go into effect Jan. 1 and apply to coats and anything else featuring real fur , including key chains and gloves .
`` I hope that it inspires other cities and the country to take action . Certainly we need better federal regulations on fur farming , '' said Katy Tang , the supervisor pushing the legislation and avid animal lover . `` There 's no humane way to raise an animal to peel its skin off . ''
Some of the tourists who pack downtown San Francisco hotels shop at upscale department stores that crowd Union Square , such as Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue , both of which feature fur salons . Larger stores may have an easier time adapting , but smaller businesses might find it more challenging .
Benjamin Lin , 72 , owns one of those small businesses . The showroom at B.B . Hawk in the South of Market neighborhood features chinchilla , sable , fox , and Blackglama mink . In a corner , Lin is working on restoring a 60-year-old jacket made of cheetah .
They are considering keeping their current location but selling fur at a smaller place nearby , outside San Francisco .
`` I can not fight it , '' they said of the ban . `` I will not win . I do not have the energy and the money . ''
Skip Pas , chief executive officer of West Coast Leather , said fur items make up only a small portion of their inventory so they wo n't be affected much .
But he 's appalled that 11 people on a board can arbitrarily tell retailers what they can sell , without a vote by the public , and at a time when the city has more pressing issues , such as dirty streets and homelessness .
`` It 's the people of San Francisco who should say , 'Yes , it 's too much , ' '' they said . `` What 's next ? They 're going to say that you ca n't have beef and you ca n't have pork and duck in Chinatown . I mean , it 's a little too much . ''
About 50 clothing and accessory retailers in the downtown and South of Market shopping corridor will be affected by the legislation , said Jim Lazarus , senior vice president of public policy at the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce .
The chamber estimates San Francisco fur sales account for at least $ 40 million a year . The city 's Office of Economic Analysis estimated fur sales at $ 11 million in 2012 , based on census figures .
The city says that even if sales numbers are much higher than its estimate , a prohibition is unlikely to significantly harm the overall local economy .
The proposal would allow the resale of vintage and used fur , but only by outlets not usually in the business of trading fur , such as secondhand stores , pawn shops and nonprofits . Items with fur taken from animals trapped under a state license can be sold .
Tang , the supervisor , said they feel bad for furriers like Lin .
`` But I think it is wrong to profit off the backs of animals , '' they said .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Nobel Prize Honors Technique That Reveals Molecules ' Details
Three researchers based in the U.S. , U.K. and Switzerland won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry on Wednesday for developing a way to create detailed images of the molecules that drive life -- a technology that the Nobel committee said allowed scientists to visualize molecular processes they had never previously seen .
The 9-million-kronor ( $ 1.1 million ) prize is shared by Jacques Dubochet of the University of Lausanne , Joachim Frank at New York 's Columbia University and Richard Henderson of MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge , Britain .
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said their method , called cryo-electron microscopy , allows researchers to `` freeze biomolecules '' mid-movement . The technology `` is decisive for both the basic understanding of life 's chemistry and for the development of pharmaceuticals , '' it said .
Frank said they were `` fully overwhelmed '' on hearing they had won .
`` I thought the chances of a Nobel Prize were minuscule because there are so many other innovations and discoveries that happen almost everyday , '' they told a news conference by phone . `` So yes , I was in a way speechless . ''
Explaining the significance of the technology , Nobel chemistry committee member Heiner Linke said it enables scientists to `` see down to the position of individual atoms to be able to see how these molecules interact with one another , what complexes they build , how these complex machineries work . ''
`` It 's really the first time that we can see biological molecules in their natural environment and how they actually work together down to the individual atoms , '' they added .
Electron microscopes once were thought to be useful only for examining nonliving material because the electron beam destroys biological material . But cryo-technology -- freezing material at extremely low temperatures -- protected the examined material from damage .
Frank developed mathematical models to sharpen fuzzy electron microscope images and Henderson , in 1990 , was able to generate a 3-D image of a protein at atom-level resolution .
Dubrochet 's contribution was to freeze the water in the sample being examined so quickly that it vitrified -- forming a kind of glass rather than ice , whose crystalline structure diffracted the electron beam .
The annual prize rewards researchers for major advances in studying the infinitesimal bits of material that are the building blocks of life .
Recent prizes have gone to scientists who developed molecular `` machines '' -- molecules with controllable motions -- and who mapped how cells repair damaged DNA , leading to improved cancer treatments .
It 's the third Nobel announced this week .
The medicine prize went to three Americans studying circadian rhythms : Jeffrey C. Hall , Michael Rosbash and Michael W. Young . The physics prize went to Rainer Weiss , Barry Barish and Kip Thorne for detecting gravitational waves .
The literature winner will be named Thursday and the peace prize will be announced Friday .
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
By Rick Ruhlow • Kingfisher Sportfishing
The marlin and sails have been trickling our way since the beginning of December , and most of the boats that have been getting out are at least having a shot at one or two . As we move into February we anticipate seeing a substantial increase in the amount of billfish being seen in the spread .
For the meat hunters the mahi mahi bite has continued to be a constant source of action . . . and dinner ! Boats have been putting at least one or two in the box almost every trip . The best news though , is the increase in the tuna activity . Almost all the schools of spinner dolphin have been holding tuna , and some of them sizeable .
While it is not always easy to get them to eat , if you have the patience and time , chances are you will eventually be rewarded with your rod bent over double , and you 'll be digging into a nice plate of sashimi on the ride home !
The Kingfisher closed out the year with a blue marlin , sailfish , and a couple of nice dorados , and brought the new year in with a pair of mahi , a sailfish , and a YFT in the 90 pound range ! The best part of all is that this is just the beginning of our high season !
Originally from California , Rick Ruhlow moved to Costa Rica over 33 years ago . While exploring the country they fished Playa Naranjo ( gulf of Nicoya ) , Quepos , Drakes Bay and Flamingo , before discovering Playa Carrillo almost 28 years ago . They were the Fishing Manager/Captain for the newly re-opened Hotel Guanamar for three years , before venturing off on their own . They have been owner/operator of Kingfisher Sportfishing since 1995 . Contact Rick at kingfish @ racsa.co.cr
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A former portfolio manager at a financial firm was sentenced to 18 months in prison Wednesday for inflating the value of a hedge fund by tens of millions of dollars to dupe investors .
Stefan Lumiere , 46 , of Manhattan , also was ordered to pay a $ 1 million fine in tiny increments after their prison stint , scheduled to start in September . He 'll owe 15 percent of their gross income until their fine is paid off .
“ The proof was overwhelming that the defendant committed the crime he 's convicted of , ” said U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff , who presided over a trial that ended in January with Lumiere 's conviction on securities and wire fraud charges .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Ian McGinley said Lumiere created the scheme to artificially inflate the value of a fund consisting of debt instruments issued by health care companies “ after their investments started to tank . ”
“ This crime was the defendant 's brainchild , ” McGinley told Rakoff . They said Lumiere was motivated by a desire to preserve their reputation at Visium Asset Management .
Prosecutors said the scheme caused investors in the fund to overpay for securities between 2011 and 2013 .
Asking for mercy from Rakoff , Lumiere said they regretted the effect their prosecution has had on their family . They cited the embarrassment it brought to their father , a physician , and the pain their arrest and trial caused their sister , who was already going through a difficult divorce from Jacob Gottlieb , Visium 's founder .
They said their life had been upended .
“ In one fell swoop , all my studies and work are for nothing , ” Lumiere said . “ My dreams of running my own investment company are over . ”
Their new occupation will be real estate and construction , Lumiere said .
Lumiere 's attorney , Jonathan Halpern , said Lumiere was a “ hapless soul , a working stiff ” at a company where they were not well treated , particularly as their sister went through “ a vitriolic and contentious divorce . ”
Halpern said Lumiere earned $ 200,000 in salary “ when others were earning millions of dollars . ”
Rakoff used the sentencing to again take a swipe at federal sentencing guidelines that would have called for Lumiere to spend six or seven years in prison if judges did n't have the freedom to offer leniency after an analysis of sentencing factors such as the prior record of the defendant , whether there were victims of the crime and the need for deterrence .
They said the guidelines often recommended “ draconian penalties ” that were “ more typical of a brutal regime than of a proud American legal system . ”
Comments
comments
Opinion : Nigerian journalism is collapsing . Here is how
by Orukotan Samuel The Press is a business that spans the shared occupational philosophy of the cultural diversity of journalistic…
Read » Opinion : Nigerian journalism is collapsing . Here is how on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Group calls on Senators to bring dividends of democracy to Nigerians
A coalition of civil society organisations , Occupy Senators on Monday , called on the Senators in the National Assembly to bring dividends of democracy to the people . The Convener and National Coordinator of the group , Mr Retson Tekedeh , made the call at the news conference , following the inauguration of the national body and state branch of…
The post Group calls on Senators to bring dividends of democracy to Nigerians appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
We had a HUGE response to our elfie appeal .
Here are some of your best photos . You are a creative lot are n't you .. ?
Multiple people were shot at a UPS warehouse in San Francisco on Wednesday morning , US media reported . San Francisco Police Department ( SFPD ) said it is responding to the shooting which took place in the Potrero Hill neighbourhood .
The SFPD asked residents to avoid the area and shelter in place .
“ We are at the scene of a shooting that occurred near 17th & Vermont . Please avoid the area , expect street closures and traffic delays , ” San Francisco Police Department wrote on Twitter .
# SFPD PIO is responding out to the scene . Media staging area will be at 17th and Potrero Ave. pic.twitter.com/HabDSp32xi — San Francisco Police ( @ SFPD ) June 14 , 2017
“ SFPD is asking people in the area to shelter in place . SFPD will advise when the shelter in place has been lifted , ” it added .
According to reports , many people were seen being evacuated by the police out of the warehouse .
They were taken to Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital for treatment .
( This is a developing story . Check back for updates )
A suicide bomber targeted a popular restaurant by explosive-laden vehicle in Somali 's capital Mogadishu on Wednesday , according to police reports .
According to preliminary information , gunfire shots were heard after the suicide bomber attacked the restaurant .
The attacker targeted the hotel with an explosive-laden vehicle at the entrance of the restaurant .
Following the attack , a hostage situation is persisting inside the popular Pizza restaurant .
So far no organisation has claimed the responsibility for the attack . Meanwhile , the concerned authorities are monitoring the situation .
( This is a developing story , more details awaited … )
( AP Photo/Elise Amendola , File ) . FILE- In this April 9 , 2018 , file photo shoppers walk in a mall in Salem , N.H. On Tuesday , April 25 , the Conference Board releases its April index on U.S. consumer confidence .
By MARTIN CRUTSINGER
AP Economics Writer
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - American consumers saw their confidence rebound in April to a level close to the 18-year high it had reached two months ago .
The Conference Board says its consider confidence index rose to 128.7 in April , up from a March level of 127.0 . The March level was just below the 130.0 hit in February , which had been the highest since November 2000 .
The business research group 's index measures consumers ' assessment of current conditions and their outlook for the next six months . Economists believe the strength in confidence reflects a strong labor market , with unemployment at a 17-year low , as well as the impact of the $ 1.5 trillion in tax cuts approved in December , which began showing up in workers ' paychecks earlier this year .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
BN TV : DJ Neptune talks on their Challenges and Success Story on EbonyLife TV 's “ EL Now ”
In the new episode of EbonyLife TV ‘ s EL NOW , the talented DJ Neptune discusses the trials and challenges that they have encountered on their journey to becoming a highly requested DJ as well as their wins and success story . They also offer advice to up and coming Disc Jockeys .
Watch :
﻿
The post BN TV : DJ Neptune talks on their Challenges and Success Story on EbonyLife TV 's “ EL Now ” appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7 . Read Today .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Goals from Greg Cunningham and Alan Browne gave Preston North End victory over Hull City at Deepdale .
It was n't a convincing win over the Tigers but it was most welcome and was North End 's first at home since December 16 .
Callum Robinson challenges Angus MacDonald
All the goals came in the last 16 minutes of the first half and Alex Neil 's men had to come from behind .
Jarrod Bowen gave the visitors the lead in the 29th minute , their curling shot taking a touch off Cunningham to spin out of the reach of Declan Rudd .
It was Cunningham who pulled PNE level with their first goal in 13 months , the left-back heading home a corner from Paul Gallagher .
A minute into stoppage-time at the end of the half , Alan Browne netted from the penalty spot after Billy Bodin had gone down under a challenge from Fraizer Campbell .
Billy Bodin challenges for the ball
Cunningham 's return at the expense of Josh Earl they have been the one change made by Lilywhites boss Neil to the side which had beaten Nottingham Forest 3-0 last Tuesday .
Earl dropped down to the bench with Calum Woods the man to drop out of the match day squad .
Much of the first half was pretty uneventful , the opening minutes seeing the ball in the air as the sides tested on another out .
Headers from Michael Hector and Campbell flew across the face of the North End goal in the ninth minute as the hosts struggled to clear their lines from a Bowen cross .
PNE 's first chance of any note came in the 28th minute , Robinson turning on the edge of the 'D ' and hitting a low left-foot shot wide .
Within a minute , Hull went up field to open the scoring .
Jackson Irvine played a one-two on the left-wing before sweeping a pass across the pitch for Bowen to chase down the right channel .
As they reached the box , Bowen checked on to their left foot and hit a shot which clipped Cunningham on the foot as they tackled , the ball spinning beyond Rudd 's dive and in at the far post .
North End were behind for less than seven minutes , their equaliser arriving via a corner .
Paul Gallagher delivered it from the right , Cunningham getting up to meet it and glance a header across goal into the net for their first goal since December 2016 .
The hosts then took the lead in first-half stoppage-time .
Bodin saw a low shot well saved by keeper Allan McGregor at the near post , Bodin picking up the rebound and running towards the byline where they went down under a challenge from Campbell .
Referee Stephen Martin pointed to the spot for PNE 's second penalty in a row , they 'd got one at Forest .
It was Browne who stepped up to take it , showing a calm head to stroke it past McGregor .
Two minutes after the interval , Robinson got behind Hector to latch on to Ben Pearson 's ball over the top , but to the left of goal they sliced their shot and saw it tamely run across the box and out .
Bodin drilled a low shot just the wrong side of the post , then in the 51st minute , Browne shot on the turn from close quarters forced a good save from McGregor who got a glove to the ball .
Good one-touch play from Bodin and Darnell Fisher created a sight of goal for North End , Cunningham driving a shot too high from the edge of the box .
In the 66th minute , great play from Browne on the right saw them beat their man and pull a low ball back into the path of Robinson whose shot was saved superbly by McGregor with their legs .
That spell after half-time probably represented Preston 's best spell of the game and had they scored then , it would have given them more breathing space .
Pearson was booked for a foul on Campbell , that their 10th yellow card of the season which triggers a two-match suspension - ruling them out of Brentford and Wolves .
Not long after , Pearson limped out of the action after pulling up , replaced by Josh Harrop .
Fisher , impressive throughout , made a fine block to stop a shot from Evandro in the 84th minute .
Hull upped the pressure in the closing stages but North End managed to see it out to hold on to their lead .
PNE : Rudd , Fisher , Clarke , Huntington , Cunningham , Pearson ( Harrop 76 ) , Gallagher ( Johnson 69 ) , Bodin , Browne , Barkhuizen , Robinson ( Moult 79 ) . Subs ( not used ) : Horgan , Spurr , Earl , Maxwell .
Hull : McGregor , Aina , MacDonald , Hector , Clark , Bowen , Meyler ( Evandro 69 ) , Larsson , Irivine , Dicko ( Keane 74 ) , Campbell ( Wilson 69 ) . Subs ( not used ) : Diomande , Tomori , Stewart , Marshall .
Referee : Stephen Martin ( Staffordshire )
Attendance : 11,605 ( 601 away )
A judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed by a Utah Muslim leader who said they were wrongly placed on a government watch list and temporarily blocked from leaving Kenya with their family last summer .
The lengthy screening process undergone by Yussuf Abdi on flights since the trip is inconvenient but not unconstitutional , U.S. District Judge Dee Benson wrote in the decision Monday .
While the right to travel is protected by the Constitution , `` the Supreme Court has not recognized a right to convenient or unimpeded travel , '' Benson wrote .
Lawyers for Abdi , an imam and U.S. citizen , said the screening is more than an inconvenience . They have n't decided if they 'll appeal the ruling .
`` As Yussuf Abdi 's experience makes clear , being on a terrorist watch list can separate citizens from their families , '' attorney Gadeir Abbas said Tuesday .
The lawsuit helped bring Abdi home from Kenya last year , and air travel has been easier for them since the case was filed , Abbas said .
The suit was filed after Abdi went to Kenya to bring back their wife and five children , who had received visa approval to join them in the U.S .
Abdi was initially blocked from boarding the plane back to the U.S. but was eventually allowed to return two days later , after their lawyers went to court and the U.S. attorney 's office in Utah intervened on their behalf .
Since then , he 's taken three trips , including a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia , and been subjected to long security checks that indicate he 's on a government list of people identified for extra scrutiny , according to court documents .
The lawsuit alleged Abdi was added to a watch list in 2014 that let them fly but required extra security measures . They asked to be removed , arguing they had no criminal record and no reason to be on the list .
Abdi has lived in Utah for six years and is the imam of Salt Lake City 's Madina Masjid Islamic Center .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Using this A.I.-based healing brush , repairing an image is no biggie
Have a damaged portrait with a tear right over the eye or a recent digital shot with annoying powerlines in the background ? Researchers at Nvidia developed a tool for repairing an image using A.I . to fill in those missing pixels .
The post Using this A.I.-based healing brush , repairing an image is no biggie appeared first on Digital Trends .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. ( AP ) — A former crew member of a cargo ship that sank after losing propulsion in a hurricane questioned why the ship 's owner did n't do more to protect the crew .
The Florida Times-Union reports ( http : //bit.ly/2lQaSzH ) that former able seaman Marvin Hearman III testified Tuesday before the U.S. Coast Guard Marine Board of Investigation in Jacksonville , Florida .
The El Faro sank Oct. 1 , 2015 , while traveling from Jacksonville to Puerto Rico . All 33 aboard died .
Hearman testified that Tote Services Inc. managers often called the ship to tell captains to slow down and conserve fuel , but did n't call to warn the crew they were headed into a strong hurricane .
In a statement , Tote spokesperson Darrell Wilson said the company disagrees strongly with Hearman 's testimony and is committed to supporting the lost sailors ' families .
___
Information from : The ( Jacksonville ) Florida Times-Union , http : //www.jacksonville.com
After Stanton residents voted to increase their own sales tax in 2016 , the city 's finance director crowed to their fellow municipal finance directors about their city 's successful campaign . According to their article , the only thing that “ went wrong ” was that Stanton “ did n't suppress the opposition with one-on-one meetings early . ”
Cities throughout our state have been using Orwellian tactics to “ suppress ” opposition to tax increases through coordinated and premeditated “ education campaigns. ” These campaigns operate in a grey legal area because each campaign uses public resources to accomplish its goals .
The California Supreme Court in Stanson v. Mott stated resolutely that “ a fundamental precept of this nation 's democratic electoral process is that the government may not ‘ take sides ' in election contests or bestow an unfair advantage on one of several competing factions. ” The Supreme Court in Vargas v. City of Salinas then created its own grey area exception by allowing governmental entities to express publicly an opinion on the merits of a ballot measure so long as the governmental entity “ does not expend public funds to mount a campaign on the measure . ”
Cities undeterred by the Stanson prohibition or blinded by their own fiscal desperation of their own making have driven Mack trucks through the Vargas limited exception . Cities throughout our state are hiring political campaign consultants or public relations firms to “ educate ” the public on the cities ' opinion . At what point , though , do campaigns move from education to advocacy ?
Related Articles It is my hope and prayer the Supreme Court upholds access to comprehensive reproductive health care
Iran persecutes Christians , so why wo n't President Trump welcome them to America ?
How pensions are clobbering small California cities like Santa Cruz
Stay away from Lake Mathews , Californians
California bill offers phony solution to ‘ fake ' news problem In 2010 , for example , the city of Tracy hired political campaign consultant Lew Edwards in connection with a sales tax increase . According to the consultant 's presentation , the consultant conducted a poll to determine “ campaign messaging , ” draft the “ ballot arguments , ” and create the “ ballot question wording. ” The city then sent “ education materials ” to voters through broadcast television and city-created newsletters , presentations , emails , and even sent the materials through utility bill inserts .
Campaign consultants respond to cities ' requests for proposal by touting their “ wins ” or “ successes , ” which they define by whether a tax measure passes . One consultant bragged that it has “ enacted more than $ 30 billion in California revenue measures with a success rate of 94 percent. ” Another consultant bragged that its “ competitive strength ” is that “ we WIN. ” Where the objective is supposedly public education , though , winning and losing or success and failure can not be measured by ballot box results .
Enough is enough . Cities must stop using tax dollars to advocate under the thinly veiled guise of education .
The city of Newport Beach recently passed a resolution prohibiting public expenditure on these “ education ” campaigns . We invite other city leaders to use our resolution as a model . We also invite residents throughout the state to demand that their leaders stop hiring campaign consultants who view tax increases as “ wins . ”
Will O'Neill is mayor pro tem of the City of Newport Beach . They will gladly provide anyone a copy of the city 's Resolution and can be contacted at woneill @ newportbeachca.gov .
A `` Celebration of Life '' was held on Wednesday to remember the three women -- Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick , Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba -- who died at a veterans center in Yountville . At the memorial , Chaplain Ira Book honored the victims , calling them leaders of their family , who were unafraid and proud to serve those who served . `` I used to call the Veterans Home of California , Yountville 's best kept secret . In good conscience , I can no longer do that , '' they said . `` We call the veterans home a 'home ' deliberately . It becomes the new home for many of our residents whom we fondly call members ; as members of our family . We mourn for Christine ( Loeber ) , for Jennifer ( Gonzales Shushereba ) and Jennifer ( Gray Golick ) . They were leaders of our family . They were unafraid , they were proud to serve those who served . ''
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — The Latest on the mass shooting in Las Vegas ( all times local ) :
9:40 p.m .
Las Vegas police say the vehicle that authorities announced they were seeking shortly after the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was found Tuesday in Reno .
Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said Thursday that FBI agents serving a warrant at a home in Reno owned by the shooter , Stephen Paddock , found the Hyundai Tucson but did n't immediately share that information with Las Vegas police .
FBI officials did not immediately respond to questions about why .
The attack on Sunday killed 58 people injured nearly 500 at a country music concert on the Las Vegas Strip before Paddock killed himself .
Investigators had reported finding guns and ammunition in the home where Paddock had lived with their girlfriend , Marilou Danley .
Investigators are still trying to determine what motivated Paddock to open fire from a high-rise hotel room .
____
8 p.m .
Diana Litzenberg got their injuries from the crush of the crowd during the shooting in Las Vegas . But it is the sound of the gunfire that haunts them in the middle of the night .
`` Last night , I had seven nightmares of being shot , '' Litzenberg said Thursday from their hospital bed . `` It 's in your mind . ''
They say they keep hearing the banging and the sirens .
The 52-year-old from Mission Viejo , California , was knocked down onto their back by a panicked concertgoer and then apparently trampled on by other people as they fled the gunfire at the country music festival . They have a spinal cord injury and what they hope is temporary paralysis on part of their right side .
___
7 p.m .
The off-duty Las Vegas police officer who died when a gunman opened fire from a hotel on an open-air music festival was remembered as a man with a good sense of humor who loved their family .
Charleston Hartfield 's widow , Veronica , and their son and daughter , were surrounded by several hundred people during a candlelight memorial Thursday following their death on Sunday . They were 34 .
Hartfield was a youth mentor , football coach , and an instructor in department 's body camera deployment program .
They were also remembered as a 16-year military veteran who served in the U.S. Army in Iraq .
Their close friend , Officer Grant Riley , said they also are the author of a book titled `` Memoirs of Public Servant . ''
___
6:40 p.m .
Las Vegas police say they have located a car they were looking for as part of the investigation into the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history .
The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department says Thursday night on Twitter that the red Hyundai Tucson was found after police executed a search warrant at a home in Reno owned by the shooter , Stephen Paddock . Police did not immediately provide any other details .
The attack on Sunday killed 58 and injured nearly 500 people at a country music concert on the Las Vegas Strip .
Police had searched the Reno home on Tuesday and found guns and ammunition . Paddock had lived in the home with their girlfriend , Marilou Danley .
Investigators are still trying to determine what could have led Paddock to open fire from their high-rise hotel room before killing himself .
____
5:45 p.m .
An Illinois man has installed 58 white crosses on the Las Vegas Strip to honor the victims of Sunday 's mass shooting .
Greg Zanis drove nearly 2,000 miles from the Chicago area to put up the crosses Thursday afternoon .
The 66-year-old retired carpenter is known for installing the markers at other mass killings , including the Columbine and Sandy Hook school shootings and Orlando nightclub massacre .
Zanis says he 's made more than 20,000 crosses after making their first 20 years ago when their father-in-law was killed .
They plan to keep the tribute up for 40 days before giving the crosses to the families of the victims .
___
5:10 p.m .
An executive casino host described Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock as an analytical gambler who would try to identify video poker machines most likely to provide big payoffs .
Host John Weinreich at the Atlantis Casino Resort and Spa in Reno , Nevada , said Paddock would sit for hours , placing bets of $ 100 or more , rarely interacting with anyone but always conscious of their surroundings and who was winning .
Weinreich said Paddock 's girlfriend Marilou Danley once worked at the casino and initially got on Paddock 's good side by leading them to a machine where someone had lost tens of thousands of dollars .
Many gamblers falsely believe such machines are more likely to pay off .
Weinreich called Danley a `` super sweet lady '' and said they later learned they had taken off with Paddock .
___
4:30 p.m .
A former executive casino host at the Atlantis Casino Resort and Spa in Reno , Nevada , where Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock frequently gambled , says Paddock had a `` god complex '' and expected quick service no matter how busy employees were .
Host John Weinreich says Paddock was a frequent but not daily visitor to the high-limit area , where attendants stand behind a desk and a platter of food is available to gamblers .
Weinreich says Paddock liked `` everybody to think that they were the guy . They did n't boast about anything they had or anything . It was just their demeanor . It was like , ' I 'm here . Do n't cross me . Do n't look at me too long . ' ''
Paddock was known to stare at other people . One high roller told Weinreich that they thought Paddock was creepy .
___
2:25 p.m .
Investigators are looking into whether gunman Stephen Paddock scoped out bigger music festivals in Las Vegas and Chicago and possibly Boston 's Fenway Park before setting up their casino sniper 's perch .
Authorities reconstructing Paddock 's movements say they booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September .
It was not clear if they contemplated massacres at those sites .
Investigators looking into Paddock also came across mention of Fenway Park .
Boston police Lt. Detective Mike McCarthy provided no further details .
___
2:10 p.m .
A U.S. official says investigators are looking into the possibility the Las Vegas shooter planned additional attacks , including a car bombing .
The official stressed the information was preliminary and investigators have n't uncovered any solid evidence yet .
The official , who was briefed Thursday by federal law enforcement officials , was n't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity .
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo says it appeared Stephen Paddock had planned to survive Sunday 's attack and had an escape plan .
Lombardo said Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car , along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds of Tannerite , an explosive substance .
Paddock killed themselves after shooting into a concert crowd , killing 58 and wounding nearly 500 .
- Associated Press writer Michael Balsamo
___
12:20 p.m .
Authorities say they are beefing up security for Sunday 's Chicago Marathon following reports the Las Vegas shooter booked a Chicago hotel room during the weekend of a major music festival held across the street .
Chicago Police Bureau of Organized Crime Chief Anthony Riccio said Thursday that there would be `` significantly '' more undercover officers working the marathon than in years past .
A law enforcement official says Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock booked a room at Chicago 's downtown Blackstone Hotel in August .
A spokesperson for the Blackstone Hotel , Emmy Carragher , says a person with the name Stephen Paddock reserved a room but never checked in .
The hotel overlooks Grant Park where the Lollapalooza festival is held each year and is attended by hundreds of thousands of people .
Riccio says the undercover officers assigned to the marathon `` are going to be intermingling with the crowd , they 're going to be around runners , they 're going to be at the finish line , they 're going to be at the start line . ''
___
10:50 a.m .
A Chicago hotel where a law enforcement official says Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock booked a room in August during a music festival says no one by that name stayed at the hotel .
A spokesperson for the Blackstone Hotel in a brief written statement Thursday did not address whether Paddock reserved a room but never checked in .
Paddock opened fire Sunday on a country music concert from a Las Vegas hotel room and killed 58 people .
The downtown Chicago hotel overlooks Grant Park where the Lollapalooza festival is held each year . Hundreds of thousands of people attend . The hotel spokesperson , Emmy Carragher , said in the emailed statement that the hotel `` is cooperating with the authorities . ''
A law enforcement official said earlier Thursday that Paddock had booked a room at the Blackstone Hotel . The official was n't authorized to discuss the investigation and spoke only on condition of anonymity after being briefed on the investigation .
Paddock 's booking at the hotel was first reported by TMZ .
___
10:20 a.m .
Boston 's police commissioner says they will contact federal investigators about a report that the Las Vegas shooter researched locations in Boston .
But William Evans said Thursday they could not confirm the report and had not been briefed on the matter .
A law enforcement official says Stephen Paddock booked a room at a Chicago hotel that overlooked a park where a music festival was held in August , but there 's no indication they went there .
NBC News reported that Paddock also researched Boston .
Massachusetts Gov . Charlie Baker also says he 's aware of the reports but could not discuss them because of the ongoing investigation into the mass shooting .
Baker adds that police officials based in Boston are `` fully plugged in '' to the investigation and are in contact with Las Vegas authorities .
___
7:53 a.m .
A full two months before they opened fire on a country music concert in Las Vegas from a 32nd-floor room of a hotel and killed 58 people , Stephen Paddock booked a room at a Chicago hotel that overlooks a park where a major music festival was held that weekend , a law enforcement official said Thursday .
The official said that law enforcement found no evidence that Paddock ever came to Chicago during the weekend of Lollapalooza - a music festival that attracts hundreds of thousands of people . The official , who was not authorized to discuss the investigation of Paddock 's movements , spoke only on condition of anonymity after being briefed on the investigation .
The Blackstone Hotel , where Paddock made the reservations , overlooks the main stage and other stages at Grant Park where the music festival is held every year .
Paddock 's booking of the hotel room , first reported by TMZ , comes as investigators , trying to determine a motive for the Las Vegas shooting , have been trying to track Paddock 's movements in the days before they opened fire from the Mandalay Bay casino resort on Sunday night .
___
By Associated Press writer Don Babwin in Chicago
___
12:07 a.m .
Those seeking to know the motive of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock have had little more to chase than hints and shadows .
Unlike many other mass killers , Paddock led such a private life that no one seemed to know them well , and those who did have no sense they were capable of gunning down 58 people and injuring hundreds more at a country music festival before killing himself .
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe said they were surprised Paddock had provided so few clues , and that has proved challenging .
Clark County Sheriff did share on Wednesday night said Paddock had rented an apartment in another high-rise above another music festival a week earlier , though they could not say why .
And they said they felt it was unlikely Paddock could have pulled off the elaborate plan alone , though investigators have no idea who may have helped him .
The legal adviser of the Histadrut , Yehiel Shamir , on Tuesday evening informed the lawyer representing MKs Eitan Cabel and Shelly Yechimovich that they would recommend approving the nomination of Yechimovich as a candidate for leader of the Histadrut .
However , as a condition of the approval of their nomination , Shamir requested a statement from a lawyer affirming that the “ Beit Hevrati ” faction was duly convened and its decisions were taken unlawfully .
Before the financial crash of 2008 , a lot of people made a lot of money selling mortgage loans .
It was easy . Sub-prime mortgage brokers talked people with shaky credit into refinancing or taking out new home loans . Then the loans were quickly sold to investment bankers who packaged them together , sliced them up and sold them as AAA-rated securities to income-hungry investors .
The problem with these mortgage-backed securities , we all found out together , is that when the real-estate market tumbled and people stopped paying on the loans , the securities were all worthless at the same time .
It was a cautionary tale — it may be easy to sell financial assistance to people who are having trouble paying their bills , but it does n't always end well .
We do n't have caution in California , so a similar story is being repeated in the state today . This time it 's not mortgages . It 's solar panels .
Maybe you 've seen the ads , or received the phone calls or found the brochures attached to your door knob with a rubber band . Or maybe you 've been accosted by a salesperson working at a table in a store when you were just trying to get to the checkout with your plumbing-repair parts .
“ Free solar program ” is the general theme of the pitch . Be careful — if you 're not paying attention , you could find the cost of your new solar energy system in a line item on your property tax bill , enforced by your county tax collector . And if you ca n't pay , your house could be auctioned out from under you .
This financial innovation is brought to you by a program called PACE , which stands for Property Assessed Clean Energy . PACE originated in 2007 , when the city of Berkeley created a voluntary program to allow property owners to install solar systems and make other energy-efficiency improvements to their buildings , and then repay the cost over 20 years through an assessment on their own property tax bill .
The PACE program spread and expanded , and soon lots of people who could n't afford a solar system were persuaded to buy one anyway . Many did n't realize they were signing a contract that obligated county tax collectors to bill them every year for their new solar system .
The funds to pay the upfront costs come from investors . Cities borrow the money by issuing bonds , and the bonds are repaid , with interest , from the money that comes in as homeowners pay their property tax bills . The bonds are a very safe investment , because the property owners must pay their tax bills , including the charges for the solar system , or their homes will be sold at auction .
Some contractors who sold PACE-financed solar installations used deceptive sales tactics , leading to a lot of people making good money for installing solar panels and great money for issuing bonds .
Last year the governor signed two bills intended to require better disclosure of the terms of PACE program financing . But the legislation left it to the state 's Department of Business Oversight to write regulations , and meanwhile , the deceptive advertising continues .
Merced County Treasurer-Tax Collector Karen Adams recently warned consumers about ads on Facebook that declared , “ Merced County launches no-cost solar program. ” Butte County Treasurer and Tax Collector Peggy Moak complained about solar system ads on social media promising a “ free county program ” or a “ government-funded program , ” and telling homeowners to “ say good-bye ” to their electricity bills .
There is no free county program or government-funded program .
What you 're getting is a “ first priority lien ” on your property . That means the solar loan is first in line to be repaid , ahead of your mortgage , if you go into foreclosure . Mortgage lenders are n't too happy to see their borrowers take on a new loan they ca n't afford to install a solar system they think is free .
But the solar industry is giddy . A federally funded study found that between 2010 and 2015 , the majority of the solar systems installed “ would likely not have occurred in the absence of these programs . ”
That may mean that a lot of financially stressed property owners who bought PACE-funded solar systems because they were struggling to pay their utility bills could lose their homes . There 's nothing sunny about that .
Susan Shelley is a columnist for the Southern California News Group . Susan @ SusanShelley.com.Twitter : @ Susan_Shelley
Donald Trump said they wished they never appointed Jeff Sessions as Attorney General in a series of tweets quoting House Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Trey Gowdy on Wednesday morning .
The remarks come following a NYT article reporting that Robert Mueller is looking into reports that Trump asked Sessions to reverse their decision to recuse themselves from the Russian investigation shortly after they had done so .
Tweeted Trump : ‘ Rep.Trey Gowdy , “ I do n't think so , I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before they took the job , not afterward . If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country's…… .. chief law enforcement officer , and they told me later , ‘ oh by the way I 'm not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office , I would be frustrated too…and that 's how I read that – Senator Sessions , why did n't you tell me before I picked you………There are lots of really good lawyers in the country , they could have picked somebody else ! ” And I wish I did ! '
Rep.Trey Gowdy , “ I do n't think so , I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before they took the job , not afterward . If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country's… . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
….chief law enforcement officer , and they told me later , ‘ oh by the way I 'm not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office , I would be frustrated too…and that 's how I read that – Senator Sessions , why did n't you tell me before I picked you… .. — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
….There are lots of really good lawyers in the country , they could have picked somebody else ! ” And I wish I did ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
Trump was quoting a CBS This Morning appearance by Gowdy ( below ) , who was following up a FOX News appearance last night .
Interestingly , Gowdy , who attended a classified Justice Dept briefing last week on Trump 's accusation that an FBI spy had infiltrated their campaign , blew up Trump 's “ spygate ” theory that an FBI informant was embedded in the campaign , saying Trump would be happy about it if they knew the details .
Gowdy also said they have never met Trump .
The CBS This Morning appearance followed one on FOX News last night in which they made the same assertion : “ I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got , and that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump . ”
LOS ANGELES — Walker Buehler , the Dodgers ' prized pitching prospect , has been optioned to Single-A Rancho Cucamonga , although the right-hander could be back in the majors this weekend .
Buehler made their first big league start on Monday night against Miami . The 23-year-old allowed four hits over five scoreless innings and struck out five , but did n't factor in the decision in the Dodgers ' 2-1 win .
Manager Dave Roberts said the team wanted to keep Buehler in the same time zone and nearby so it would have the option of starting them on Saturday at San Francisco .
In a related move , the Dodgers selected the contract of right-hander Daniel Hudson from Triple-A Oklahoma City , bringing the big-league roster to 40 .
To some workers , today is just another Monday . For many though it is a day off of work in observance of the New Year holiday . The Post Office will be closed today and there will be no mail service . Schools are closed in the Sweetwater School District # 1 and # 2 today but will resume tomorrow .
Closed today : City of Rock Springs , City of Green River , Sweetwater Country Library , Rock Springs Family Recreation Center .
Open today : Green River Recreation Center ( normal hours ) , Rock Springs Civic Center ( 9:00 am to 5:00 pm ) ,
# 360TVSeies : ‘ The Last OG ' And ‘ Search Party ' Renewed At TBS – 360Nobs.com
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Show Loyalty To Country , Gov . Dickson Charges Corps Members
The Bayelsa State governor , Hon Seriake Dickson has declared open the commencement of the 2018 Batch A service year at the NYSC Orientation Camp , Kaiama in Kolokuma/Opokuma local government area of the State with a call on the Corps members to shun rising cases of ethnic and political cleaveages and show absolute loyalty to [ … ]
The post Show Loyalty To Country , Gov . Dickson Charges Corps Members appeared first on Leadership Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If one piece had to be picked to encapsulate the latest exhibition from artist Leang Seckon , it would be their work titled “ Dead and Reborn Again . ”
Last year , the head of a pre-Angkorian statue of the Hindu deity Harihara—a fusion of Vishnu and Shiva—which had been in a French museum since the late 19th century , was sent to the National Museum in Phnom Penh to be reunited with its body , found in the 20th century , and identified in the 2010s as belonging to the head .
“ Harihara is a special god protecting the land , ” Mr. Seckon said in an interview .
Having the statue 's head and body reunited was , they said , “ like a butterfly born out of the worm , Cambodia coming out of darkness. ” In their painting , the statue 's head floats in the clouds with its body on the left and a whole statue on the right .
This series of vast frescoes and small collages took Mr. Seckon two-and-a-half years to complete . Real and mythical people are mixed and melded , reflecting events and realities but also age-old symbols and beliefs that Cambodians may rarely discuss but which are part of their very fabric .
They produced 32 works for the new show , “ When Head and Body Unite , ” which goes on display at the Rossi & Rossi gallery in Hong Kong next month .
Done in their signature style , each work is multilayered . The large ones—some of which would fill a wall—are done on canvas and fabric with acrylic paint , collages and pieces of leather cut as finely as embroidery . The colors are warm and muted gold , soft blues and grays .
Smaller collages consist of layers of painted images mixed with photographs and illustrations collected over months of research . Each one speaks of a chapter of the country 's recent history . From the “ Golden Era ” of the refugee camps in Thailand in the 1980s , it also includes the country 's leading figures in the early 1990s such as King Norodom Sihanouk , Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Prime Minister Hun Sen .
Every work carries references well-known to Cambodians and also very personal to the artist .
In “ Gold Silt Creative Person , ” a man stretches their arms above their head as they look in a mirror in which their reflection shows the head of the mythical snake , naga , while their shadow is that of a man with the head of a crocodile . This work is about Mr. Seckon 's roots in Prey Veng province , they said .
“ After the Khmer Rouge , I had nothing : I just had my life… . I picked rice in the field to eat and saved some to start growing rice on the land again .
“ I moved my feet in the mud… . The mud from that period and also from past generations went through me , connected with my body . ”
Born in 1970 in a poor family , Mr. Seckon studied at the Royal University of Fine Arts in Phnom Penh in the 1990s and has become one of the country 's leading artists . Their work tends to reflect Cambodia as a whole : its pain and glories , triumphs and tragedies .
Peter Sharrock , an art historian who has written extensively on Angkorian art and Buddhism , wrote that Mr. Seckon 's latest series traces Cambodia 's “ brilliant and terrible ” past .
“ This is what affirms their status amongst today 's foremost exponents of contemporary art in Cambodia , ” they said .
vachon @ cambodiadaily.com
© 2017 , The Cambodia Daily . All rights reserved . No part of this article may be reproduced in print , electronically , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed without written permission .
The Supreme Court heard arguments Tuesday in a case involving Texas ' congressional and state legislative maps .
Interested in Supreme Court ? Add Supreme Court as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Supreme Court news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
The state of Texas is asking the justices to overturn a lower federal court 's findings that the state 's congressional and statehouse maps were drawn with discriminatory intent .
A federal three-judge panel concluded , in 2017 , that mapmakers , “ intentionally diluted the Latino vote ” which violates the Voting Rights Act and The Fourteenth Amendment .
Steven D. Schwinn of The John Marshall Law School helps us unpack this very complicated case .
How did the case get to the Supreme Court ?
This up-and-down case had a quite circuitous route to the Court ( to say the least — bear with me ) . It all started in 2011 , when Texas adopted redistricting maps for its congressional and state legislative districts based on the 2010 Census . ( Texas gained more than a whopping four million residents , mostly racial minorities , in the 2010 Census , so it had some new line-drawing to do . ) Plaintiffs immediately sued in a Texas federal court , arguing that the 2011 congressional and state house maps violated the Voting Rights Act , the Fourteenth Amendment , or both . At the same time , Texas filed its own suit in a federal court in Washington , D.C. , seeking “ preclearance ” ( or permission to adopt the maps ) under the Voting Rights Act . ( At the time , the “ preclearance '' requirement in the Voting Rights Act required Texas to get permission from the U.S. Department of Justice or a federal court before making any changes to its electoral systems . )
The Texas court ruled that the 2011 maps violated the Voting Rights Act and the Constitution and drew new maps for the state to use in its 2012 elections . But Texas challenged those maps in the U.S. Supreme Court . The Court remanded the case to the Texas court with instructions to defer more to the state 's 2011 maps . So the Texas court redrew its own maps to comply with the Court 's instructions . Texas used these most-recently-drawn maps in its 2012 elections . ( Around the same time , the D.C. court denied preclearance for the 2011 maps , because the congressional map was based on a discriminatory purpose , and the statehouse maps had a retrogressive effect on racial minority “ ability to elect ” districts . Texas appealed this decision . But while the appeal was pending , the Supreme Court , in a different case entirely , rendered the preclearance requirement ineffective , and thus mooted Texas 's preclearance case . )
Then , in 2013 , Texas adopted these latest court-drawn maps as its own , with only minor changes to the state house map . The plaintiffs filed amended complaints to challenge both the 2011 and 2013 maps . The Texas court ruled that both maps violated the Voting Rights Act , the Fourteenth Amendment , or both . The court directed the Texas Attorney General to advise the court “ within three business days ” whether the legislature would “ take up redistricting in an effort to cure these violations. ” Absent legislative redistricting , the court said that it would hold “ hearing [ s ] to consider remedial plans ” in early September 2017 . But the court did not formally enjoin the offending maps .
Texas asked the Supreme Court to intervene , and it did . In September 2012 , the High Court stayed the Texas court 's orders , and later set the case for oral argument .
What is being challenged ?
Texas is challenging the Texas court 's ruling that the maps violate the Voting Rights Act , the Constitution , or both . In particular , Texas says that its adoption of the 2013 maps simply can not violate the Voting Rights Act or the Constitution , because , after all , the 2013 maps were earlier ordered by the Texas court itself . ( And , this reasoning goes , the Texas court would n't have drawn illegal maps ) . The plaintiffs counter that the 2013 maps retain the same legal problems as the 2011 maps ( especially because the Supreme Court ordered the Texas court to defer to the faulty 2011 maps ) ; that the Texas court 's ruling did n't fully cleanse those maps of the earlier illegalities ; and that Texas 's adoption of the court-drawn 2013 maps was simply a litigation ploy to obtain maps that would achieve the legislature 's political objectives while immunizing the state from violations of the Voting Rights Act and the Fourteenth Amendment .
But before the Court even touches these merits issues , it must decide whether it has jurisdiction . Remember that the Texas court did n't issue an injunction ; instead , it simply ruled that the 2013 maps were illegal and asked the state to respond . Ordinarily , the Supreme Court would only hear an appeal of an injunction in a case like this . Without a formal injunction , it is not obvious that the Court can even hear the case .
How do the Fourteenth Amendment and the Voting Rights Act applies to this case ?
These apply in two ways . First , the plaintiffs argue that the state discriminated by race in drawing certain districts in violation of the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment and the Voting Rights Act . Next , they argue that the state drew certain districts in a way that was “ retrogressive ” to racial-minority voting strength . In particular , they argue that the state should have drawn more districts where racial minorities could elect a candidate of their choice ( called an “ ability-to-elect ” district in Voting Rights Act parlance ) , and that the state 's failure to do so violates the Voting Rights Act .
But recall that these arguments are filtered through the Texas court-ordered maps . In other words , the Fourteenth Amendment and Voting Rights Act questions are complicated by the state 's claim that the court order cleansed the 2013 maps of any illegalities in the 2011 maps . So while the Fourteenth Amendment and the Voting Rights Act certainly apply to the case , the Court will also examine the extent to which the court order can insulate the 2013 maps from illegalities , especially when the court order deferred to the earlier 2011 maps , as ordered by the Supreme Court .
What is the potential impact ?
The case will have a direct impact on Texas elections , in both the state house and its congressional delegation , in the 2020 cycle . ( The 2013 maps are in place for the 2018 elections , and unlikely to be changed . ) But after that , the state will redraw its districts yet again , in response to the 2020 Census . So the case will almost surely impact only one election cycle . Still , that may be significant for the composition of state 's congressional delegation and the state house . And because it may be significant for the state house ( which , along with the state senate , takes charge of redistricting ) , it may be significant for the next round of legislative map-drawing , to determine district lines for the decade after that .
Beyond Texas , however , this case will likely have limited impact . That 's because the factual background here is so unusual—and unlikely to recur in other states .
What is the Supreme Court 's record in cases like this ?
This case is latest in a line of cases to reach the Court dealing with the complicated intersection of racial and political gerrymandering . These cases typically involve an allegation that a state legislature engaged in illegal racial discrimination in drawing legislative districts , and a defense by the legislature that ( 1 ) it had to discriminate by race in order to preserve minority voting strength ; or ( 2 ) it discriminated by politics , but not race , and its action was therefore not illegal ; or some combination of ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) . These cases are highly fact-specific , and it 's hard to see the trajectory of the Court 's rulings . But most recently they have favored the plaintiffs ( and not the states ) .
Do n't look for this case to necessarily follow any trend-line , however . Again , this case is highly unusual , and poses its own unique issue for the Court to resolve .
What are the likely outcomes ?
At this stage , it seems unlikely that the Court will rule that it lacks jurisdiction . That 's because it already issued an important ruling in the case , by staying the lower court 's order . Having involved itself once in the case , it seems unlikely that it would step back now .
Predictions on the merits are much more difficult . We know that the four progressives on the Court would not have stayed the lower court 's order . That means that they likely lean toward the plaintiffs . The five conservatives voted to stay , however , and they likely lean toward the state . Justice Kennedy is probably the most likely to switch , so , as is often true in hotly contested cases , all eyes will be on Justice Kennedy .
The Court could uphold the Texas court 's ruling and order the state to respond ( as the Texas court did ) . Or it could reverse , and allow the state to continue to use the 2013 maps . Or the Court could issue different rulings in different challenged districts .
Whatever the Court does , however , the state will go back to the drawing table in the early 2020s , to take account of the 2020 Census .
The actor said their actions in the video were what happens ‘ when you 're all work and no play ' .
Sir Anthony Hopkins has puzzled fans by sharing a creepy video of themselves dancing around with wide eyes and a maniacal grin .
The Oscar-winning actor , 80 , posted the footage on Twitter with the caption : “ This is what happens when you 're all work and no play… ”
It shows them dressed in black , bobbing back and forth with a crazed smile on their face , while music plays .
This is what happens when you 're all work and no play… pic.twitter.com/2KvkJ2baw6 — Anthony Hopkins ( @ AnthonyHopkins ) April 22 , 2018
Fans said the clip was “ peculiar ” , with some suggesting it was the star 's “ scariest role to date ” . Others thought the footage was hilarious .
“ I 'm kinda scared , but also charmed . Do n't know what else to say , ” one person posted .
I 'm kinda scared , but also charmed . Do n't know what else to say 🤭 pic.twitter.com/Hu3XJQvnmo — Edgar ( @ EdgarOrtega875 ) April 22 , 2018
“ With all due respect , Sir Anthony , that is THE single most peculiar thing I 've seen all day… ” said another .
With all due respect , Sir Anthony , that is THE single most peculiar thing I 've seen all day…😂😂😂 — Mouth of Sauron ( @ simon_lindsell ) April 22 , 2018
One said : “ This was horrifying . Even fun loving Anthony Hopkins is scary . ”
This was horrifying . Even fun loving Anthony Hopkins is scary https : //t.co/cafcEPGyA6 — Adamiller ( @ millerlit_ ) April 22 , 2018
“ Is it just me , or is this scaring the crap out of anyone else ? I 'm going to have nightmares of a stressed-out Hannibal Lecter , snapping from “ over-work ” ! ” said another fan .
Is it just me , or is this scaring the crap out of anyone else ? I 'm going to have nightmares of a stressed-out Hannibal Lecter , snapping from “ over-work ” ! Dear Sir Anthony : go out and “ play ” , or at least take a walk in the sun & have a nice quiet pint 🍺 somewhere , hon… — The Mominatrixx 💙💙 # AutismAwareness ( @ TheMominatrixx ) April 22 , 2018
One person tweeted that it was “ the best 32 seconds of my life ” .
The best 32 seconds of my life . — Andrew S. ( @ andrewrobscott ) April 22 , 2018
The actor 's upcoming roles include King Lear in a television film .
The two victims who died in the accident were college students and have been identified as Sanjay Basu and Biswajit Bhuniya . After the accident , the road connecting IT sector of Salt Lake with the city was also closed for traffic movement for hours . The angry protesters torched three buses , vandalised a police vehicle and attacked a fire engine that had come to douse the fire .
Massive clashes were reported from Kolkata 's Chingrighata area after a bus reportedly jumped the signal , moving down two youths . The incident infuriated the locals , who came out on streets and started pelting stones at police officers for alleged dereliction of duty . The angry protesters torched three buses , vandalised a police vehicle and attacked a fire engine that had come to douse the fire . They complained that the cause of the accident was police negligence . After the mob became uncontrollable , police used canes to disperse them .
The road connecting IT sector of Salt Lake with the city was also closed for traffic movement for hours . The two victims who died in the accident were college students and have been identified as Sanjay Basu and Biswajit Bhuniya . Local Trinamool Congress MLA said they have spoken to the locals and will adress their problems soon . “ The locals want a subway to cross the busy road . I have spoken to them to understand their problems . The government will try to help the families of the two students who died , ” local Trinamool Congress MLA Sujit Basu told Hindustan Times .
West Bengal : Two pedestrians died after being hit by a bus at Kolkata 's Chingrighata crossing . Heavy police deployment in the area amidst protests by locals against the accident , bus torched . pic.twitter.com/Mu16nKdvFR — ANI ( @ ANI ) February 3 , 2018
The accident comes three days after 43 people were killed in Murshidabad after a bus fell into the Gogra canal at Balirghat area of Bengal . The bus , travelling from Karimpur district to Malda , fell into the river in Doulatabad and sank . As per reports , the driver was talking on the phone when they lost the control of the vehicle and it fell into the canal . Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had ordered an inspection of the bridge from which the bus fell into the canal .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
FLINT , Mich. ( AP ) — It 's been more than three years since Flint , Michigan , switched its water source in an effort to save money , which led to a human-made public health crisis embroiling Michigan Gov . Rick Snyder 's administration in scrutiny and criminal charges against a number of public officials . The most serious counts have been levied against Michigan 's top health official and four others , who were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter . Here are some key events surrounding the impoverished city 's lead-tainted water crisis :
___
April 2014 : In an effort to save money , Flint begins drawing water from the Flint River for its 100,000 residents , instead of relying on water from Detroit . The move is considered temporary while the city waits to connect to a new regional water system . Residents immediately complain about the smell , taste and appearance of the water , and raise health concerns , reporting rashes , hair loss and other problems .
January 2015 : Detroit offers to reconnect Flint to its water system , but Flint leaders insist the water is safe .
Sept. 24 , 2015 : A group of doctors urges Flint to stop using the Flint River for water after finding high levels of lead in the blood of children . State regulators insist the water is safe .
Sept. 29 , 2015 : Gov . Rick Snyder pledges to take action in response to the lead levels — the first acknowledgment by the state that lead is a problem .
October 2015 : Snyder announces that the state will spend $ 1 million to buy water filters and test water in Flint public schools , and days later calls for Flint to go back to using water from Detroit 's system .
Oct. 15 , 2015 : The Michigan Legislature and Snyder approve nearly $ 9.4 million in aid to Flint , including $ 6 million to help switch its drinking water back to Detroit .
Dec. 29 , 2015 : Snyder accepts the resignation of Department of Environmental Quality Director Dan Wyant and apologizes for what occurred in Flint .
Jan. 5 , 2016 : Snyder declares a state of emergency in Flint , the same day federal officials confirm that they are investigating . A week later , the Michigan National Guard begins helping to distribute bottled water and filters , while Snyder asks the federal government for help .
Jan. 13 , 2016 : Michigan health officials report an increase in Legionnaires ' disease cases — some fatal — over the past two years in the county that includes Flint .
Jan. 14 , 2016 : Snyder asks the Obama administration for major disaster declaration and more federal aid . The White House provides federal aid and an emergency declaration on Jan. 16 , but not the disaster declaration .
Jan. 15 , 2016 : Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette begins an `` independent review '' into the Flint crisis .
Mid-March . 2016 : State officials testify before Congress , including Snyder and the state-appointed emergency manager who oversaw Flint when the water source was switched to the river .
March 23 , 2016 : A governor-appointed panel concludes that the state of Michigan is `` fundamentally accountable '' for the crisis because of decisions made by environmental regulators .
April 20 , 2016 : Two state officials and a local official are charged with evidence tampering and other crimes in the Michigan attorney general 's investigation — the first to be levied in the probe .
Aug. 14 : A federal emergency declaration over Flint 's lead-tainted water crisis ends , but state officials say work continues to fix the drinking water system and provide services to city residents .
Dec. 2 : Researchers report that water in Flint is improving after finding no detectable levels of lead in 57 percent of homes during another round of tests . But they caution residents to continue using filters .
Dec. 10 : Congress approves a wide-ranging bill to authorize water projects across the country , including $ 170 million to address lead in Flint 's drinking water .
Dec. 16 : Congressional Republicans quietly close a yearlong investigation into Flint 's crisis , faulting both state officials and the Environmental Protection Agency .
Dec. 20 : Schuette charges former emergency managers Darnell Earley and Gerald Ambrose with multiple 20-year felonies for their failure to protect the residents of Flint from health hazards caused by contaminated drinking water . They also charge Earley , Ambrose and two Flint city employees with felony counts of false pretenses and conspiracy to commit false pretenses in the issuance of bonds to pay for a portion of the water project that led to the crisis .
Feb. 17 : The Michigan Civil Rights Commission issues a report that finds `` systemic racism '' going back decades is at the core of problems that caused the water crisis in the majority black city of Flint .
March 16 : Snyder announces that their administration will enact the country 's toughest lead limit for water in the wake of the lead contamination in Flint .
March 28 : Water lines at 18,000 homes in Flint will be replaced under a landmark deal approved by a judge , marking a milestone in the effort to overcome the disastrous decision in 2014 to draw water from the Flint River without treating it to prevent lead contamination .
June 14 : Michigan Health and Human Services Director Nick Lyon is accused of failing to alert the public about an outbreak of Legionnaires ' disease in the Flint area . They and four others are charged with involuntary manslaughter . The state 's chief medical officer , Dr. Eden Wells , is charged with obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator .
Schuette says they are not charging Snyder .
I 've been vindicated , says Senate President
Senate President Bukola Saraki yesterday described their acquittal by the Code of Conduct Tribunal ( CCT ) as a vindication .
In a statement signed by him , they said they bore no grudge against anyone over their trial .
The outcome of the case , Saraki said , had strengthened their faith in the judiciary , which they noted , “ could indeed provide sanctuary for all those who seek justice ” .
The statement reads : “ I thank the Almighty Allah , the ultimate Judge and the repository of all powers . They alone has brought about this victory . I am immensely grateful to all my colleagues in the National Assembly for their abiding support . All through my trial , they demonstrated their strong conviction about the choice we all decided to make two years ago . I thank members of my family for their unflinching support . I thank all friends and supporters back home in Kwara State and across the length and breadth of our country for their prayers and their sacrifices . My gratitude also goes to all members of my legal team for their tireless efforts to ensure the cause of justice is served .
“ After undergoing the crucible of a tortuous trial , my vindication today calls for celebration . It is my belief however that if there should be any celebration at all , it should be a celebration of the hopes that this judgment gives us as citizens that despite all the challenges that we face as a country , we are well on our way to building a country where the innocent needs not be afraid . I therefore urge all my supporters to refrain from any unbridled triumphalism . The challenges that our country faces today are enormous and do not allow for wanton celebration . Instead , we should all reflect on the significance of this moment and what it meant for our democracy .
“ On a personal note , I harbour no grudge against anyone , regardless of the role they might have played… I believe that If my trial had in anyway given hope to the common man that no matter the forces arraigned against him , they can still get justice in our courts , then my tribulation had not been in vain .
“ Once again , I thank my colleagues in the Eighth Senate for standing firm . Regardless of the distraction of my trial , we have achieved more than legislators than the previous Senates . Now that this distraction is over , we can even achieve so much more . We must now proceed from here with greater vigour to deliver on the expectations of Nigerians and show that this Eighth Senate can indeed play a central role in improving the quality of lives of our people .
“ Lastly , I thank all the gentlemen of the press for your abiding interest in this case , which I believe had contributed in no small measure in ensuring that truth and reason ultimately prevailed ” .
The post I 've been vindicated , says Senate President appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Excited about the Ataribox ? Well , starting December 14th , you 'll be able to lay down $ 250 - $ 300 for the retro-modern console . The company emailed the news to fans recently and even teased that there will be a chance for the `` earliest supporters '' to snag one at a discounted price . No , there still is n't a firm release date for the console ( last we heard was `` late spring 2018 '' ) , or word on its included games . So , you know , proceed at your own risk regardless of how cool those design prototypes might look .
Edo govt vows to generate 1000MW in four years
By Simon Ebegbulem
BENIN—Edo State Government , in collaboration with the Siemens AG , has vowed to generate 1,000 megawatts of electricity in the next four years .
The agreement was reached , yesterday , in Benin City at a stakeholders forum organised by the state government with a view to identifying the challenges in the power sector and proffering solutions to them . Governor Godwin Obaseki , who spoke at the forum , said that when achieved , the 1000 megawatts will complement the expected power from the Azura Power plant , Osiomon and UNIBEN Power Plants in the state .
According to the governor , “ The importance of power to drive growth and development , improve security , empower the non-formal sector and promote wealth creation can not be overemphasised . Hence , following the inauguration of this administration , we identified the power sector as critical to the future progress of Edo State . ”
Also speaking , Siemens AG 's Head of Operations in Edo State , Onyeche Tiffase , said that the company would ensure that the MOU it signed with the state government on the establishment of a Joint Development Committee to generate 1,000MW of electricity in the next four years to complement ongoing investments in the power sector in the state , was achieved .
The post Edo govt vows to generate 1000MW in four years appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Acting Head of the Gush Etzion Regional Council , Moshe Seville , on Tuesday night congratulated Shlomo Ne'eman , who won the elections for head of the Council .
`` I congratulate Shlomo Ne'eman on their election as the Head of the Gush Etzion Regional Council . Over the last five years I have had the privilege of serving the community in Gush Etzion . I wish Shlomo success . Your success is our success , '' said Seville .
WATFORD , Ont . — Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath had an unexpected campaign stop during their swing through southwestern Ontario on Wednesday — a campaign bus breakdown .
Horwath 's bus , dubbed the `` Proletariat Chariot '' by media riding on it for the campaign , experienced mechanical problems on Highway 402 near Watford , Ont .
The bus pulled over safely after a burning smell started to enter the cabin .
A faulty fanbelt was believed to be the problem .
To use the in-store mobile checkout you 'll have to be on the Macy 's WiFi network . From there you scan your items with your phone 's camera . Before walking out , you 'll have to go to a special station near the door to verify your purchases with an employee , but it all sounds relatively painless . Macy 's says `` most '' merchandise will be available with the feature , but that it wo n't apply to `` leased departments '' or expensive jewelry .
With the VR tools , you 'll lay out the rough shape and design of your room with a provided tablet . And once that 's set in place , you can place virtual sofas and loveseats around the room before donning a VR helmet and seeing how they `` feel '' in your space . It almost sounds like a stopgap for Macy 's ' next application though : augmented reality . Next month , an update will start rolling out for its mobile app , which will enable you to see how a new credenza will look in your room , not a roughshod approximation of it . Kind of like what Williams-Sonoma and IKEA have done before . Amazon has flirted with AR showrooms as far back as this time last year . And Target , owned by Macy 's , has been offering AR `` try-on '' for furniture since last October .
Testing for the mobile check-out is rolling out right now and will wrap by year 's end , starting with the the New York Bloomingdale 's in SoHo . As far as the VR goes , there 's a pilot program running in Manhattan , New Jersey and Florida , with it going online in 60 more stores by this fall . Will it be enough to counter Walmart 's , The Gap 's and others ' moves into the space ? Time will tell .
Umaru Musa Yaradua University Supplementary Postgraduate Admission List 2016/2017 Released .
The Postgraduate Applicants of the Umaru Musa Yaradua University are hereby informed that the Supplementary Admission List for the 2016/2017 Academic Session is out . The List Of Admitted Students Names has been published below : S/N APP.NO NAMES ( SURNAME FIRST ) STATE SEX COURSE 1 APP/2016/0260 IBRAHIM MUSTAPHA KTN M M.Sc . Mathematics 2 APP/2016/0298 YUSUF ABUBAKAR SADIQ …
The post Umaru Musa Yaradua University Supplementary Postgraduate Admission List 2016/2017 Released . appeared first on Students Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Google wants to double the number of podcast listeners in the next few years
The tech giant is quietly making changes across its products and services to make it easier to discover and listen to podcasts . Here 's how the podcast landscape could change in the near future .
The post Google wants to double the number of podcast listeners in the next few years appeared first on Digital Trends .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Back in October , Florida emo quartet You Blew It released Abendrot , their third full-length effort , and their first for Triple Crown Records . The second half of Abendrot is anchored by the longest track on the record , the gradually building “ Arrowhead , ” the video for which we are premiering above . For the video , You Blew It recruited Josh Coll , whose previously directorial work includes a couple of lush , cinematic videos for their band Foxing .
“ We 've always really admired Josh , especially for their artistic abilities and vision , ” You Blew It frontman Tanner Jones said . “ We asked them to do the treatment for the video because we trusted them so much . As soon as they signed on , we made it a point to give them as much artistic freedom as possible . ”
However , Coll was a little apprehensive to take on the role of writer , director , and co-producer for the video . “ My goal was ‘ do n't f * * k this up , ' ” Coll said . “ This was the first time I 've gotten a video that I was n't involved in , and I just wanted them to be happy . They 're the first band that I 've said yes to . If I was gon na do a video for them , I wanted one , for them to be happy , and two , for me to make something that felt like it came from my head. ” After the band approached Coll for the video , they found themselves coming up blank on a potential concept ; it took some time sitting with the song and digesting it before certain imagery started popping into their head to compliment the track 's linear , growing feel .
Just consider what 's going on inside the phone . Like nearly every other premium smartphone released this year , the V35 ThinQ packs a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 chipset , this time with 6GB of RAM . That 's just like the G7 , and the V35 felt just as fast as rival devices . Beyond that , the V35 mostly sticks to the existing V30 formula : There 's a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor , 64GB of internal storage , a microSD card slot , a 3,300mAh battery inside and a 32-bit Quad DAC that ensures the phone is still one of the best mobile music players on the market .
The V35 is far from the most innovative smartphone LG has ever made , but some of the changes here really are worth digging into . Take that 6-inch , Quad HD+ screen up front , for instance : It 's a big step forward from the P-OLED panels we got in the V30 ( and , to some extent , the V30S ThinQ ) . Let 's say you were reading in bed and wanted to dial your V30 's screen brightness down -- the display would often look a little gritty or grainy when you dimmed it .
This time , LG went with a more traditional OLED screen that avoids that pesky , dirty look and seems to produce punchier , more vivid colors at the same time . ( It also does n't have a notch , if that 's a thing that matters to you . ) The phone lacks the Super Bright Display mode that made the G7 so readable in broad daylight , but it was still plenty easy to read on a sun-drenched rooftop . All told , LG is on the right track here .
Melaye did not jump out of vehicle , says aide
Special Adviser to Senator Dino Melaye , Gideon Ayodele on Tuesday faulted reports that their principal jumped out of a moving vehicle in an attempt to evade police move to take them to Lokoja , Kogi State capital .
Ayodele in a statement late Tuesday noted that it was not possible for Melaye to have jumped out of a moving police vehicle when they were sandwiched by armed police officers forcing them against their will to Lokoja .
Insisting that “ nothing could be farther from the truth ” , Ayodele said that the “ insinuation is practically impossible for a man saddled between gun-wielding police officers . ”
They added that the “ incident was a last resort by Senator Dino Melaye in order foil attempt to kidnap them and kill them by agents of Kogi State governor in connivance with the Police . ”
The statement entitled “ Today 's Incident Involving Senator Dino Melaye : A Last Resort ” said :
“ Sequel to the avalanche of calls by well-meaning Nigerians and supporters of Senator Dino Melaye for enquiries about the well-being and safety of the Senator and against the backdrop of baseless rumours being spread on the social media , we are constrained to make the record straight as follows :
“ Earlier in the morning , Senator Dino Melaye as a law-abiding citizen voluntarily submitted themselves to the operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad ( SARS ) who had laid siege to their private residence since around 3.35pm of Monday , April 23 , 2018 .
“ He , along with their lawyers and personal aides , was driven in their private car to the SARS office in Guzape district of Abuja , sandwiched among the numerous police vehicles earlier deployed to their house .
“ For the avoidance of doubt , they had never evaded police invitation before now because there was none extended to them in the first place . Rather , what the Police FPRO , Mr. Jimoh Moshood , had been doing was to summon the Senator through media briefings , a practice which is unconventional .
“ But given the media hype the whole saga had generated especially their unwarranted travails in the hands of Immigration officials at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja on Monday , April 23 and the attendant but dramatic police siege to their private residence thereafter , where family members and political associates were subjected to traumatic experience for hours , it became necessary for Senator Dino Melaye to end the drama , hence their choice of appearing before the police today .
“ Later on they moved to take them to Lokoja , Kogi State . The public will vividly recall that this same case involving Senator Dino Melaye had already been transferred to Abuja by the Chief Justice of the Federal High Court after Senator Melaye expressed worry about their safety in Lokoja . Now , the question is why will they want to forcefully take them to Lokoja ? The Senator believes they are doing the Kogi Governor 's bidding in order to assassinate him .
“ Contrary to online reports about jumping out of a moving police vehicle ; Nothing could be farther from the truth as such insinuation is practically impossible for a man saddled between gun-wielding police officers . Today 's incident was a last resort by Senator Dino Melaye in order foil attempt to kidnap them and kill them by agents of Kogi State governor in connivance with the Police . ”
The post Melaye did not jump out of vehicle , says aide appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Best friends Zac Livesey and Ollie Hartley share more than a love of football and superheroes , as they are both battling a rare form of epilepsy . NATALIE WALKER speaks to their mums Nicola Livesey and Sian Hartley , who have also struck up a strong friendship and are now joining forces to raise awareness and funds for two charities which support their children
Read more : /holly-s-daffodil-doddle-for-young-epilepsy-1-8437746 and /plea-for-preston-two-year-old-to-be-given-cannabis-trial-to-reduce-100-seizures-she-suffers-every-day-1-8942817
When Sian and Jonathan Hartley were told their five-year-old son Ollie had focal and generalised epilepsy , they felt they were the only parents to go through the trauma .
Zac Livesey with their sister Belle
But when discussing their condition with their teacher at Ashbridge Independent School , they were soon alerted to the fact another boy in the same class also had epilepsy .
Sian , from Preston , says : “ It was quite strange . When we were discussing things with Ollie 's teacher , it was suggested we speak to Nicola , as their son had a similar condition .
“ We have struck up a good friendship and Zac is one of Ollie 's best friends . It is fabulous having that friendship and being able to talk to someone else who is going through the same fears and worries you are . ”
Ollie suffered their first seizure last August and , following a series of tests , they were diagnosed in November .
Zac Livesey
Sian , 42 , adds : “ We were very lucky that our GP picked it up very quickly . Ollie has focal and generalised epilepsy with absence seizures .
“ He does n't have the typical seizures you associate with epilepsy . They have focal and generalised seizures and so has four different types of absent seizures , where their eyes are open but they are not functioning ,
“ His longest has been about four-and-a-half minutes . It is like their body is frozen but they are conscious of it . They ca n't move or operate . They can have up to 20 smaller seizures a day and be absent for a couple of minutes .
“ Other seizures can affect their bladder and bowels .
Sian Hartley with their son Ollie
“ It is very difficult for me and my husband to watch as we feel very helpless .
“ There is always that worry of getting to the five-minute point and calling an ambulance .
“ But Ollie is incredibly brave and we are very proud of him . They are very bright and understands their condition . They can have days when they feel sad and frightened about it . But we are very lucky as we have amazing family and friends around to support us .
“ There is a chance they will grow out of it . They were experiencing the bigger seizures once a week and smaller ones daily but we have not had any major seizures for more than a month .
Ollie Hartley
“ He has had two smaller seizures in the last six weeks and the medication is working for him . We are so thrilled . ”
Zac Livesey , from Penwortham , was diagnosed with myoclonic astatic epilepsy ( or Doose syndrome ) two years ago after suffering a seizure at nursery and
having subsequent head jerks .
Nicola says : “ Zac has four different types of seizures . They have myoclonic jerks where their arms go up in the air . They only last a few seconds , but they have started to lose speech for up to two minutes sometimes . They have four of these a day whilst they are awake . They also have them in their sleep , so they are tired a lot .
“ It can affect their learning but it does n't seem to have at the moment . We worry about Zac constantly . We check them when they are sleeping to make sure they are breathing and not having a full-blown seizure .
“ He can also injure their head , especially if they are standing , and they can head butt things , so we are constantly on edge . ”
Zac , who has a younger sister Belle , four , is currently on medication and they are to start a ketogenic diet to
reduce their seizures .
Nicola , 37 , adds : “ We had trialled a new medication in February , but it made them emotional and aggressive and they had more seizures , so they had to come off it . We are looking at a ketogenic diet which is quite successful for helping reduce seizures for their type of epilepsy . The diet is specific for Zac . Their type of epilepsy affects only one per cent of children who have epilepsy , so they are unsure of the future . They are hopeful that with the medication and
ketogenic diet they will become seizure free . ”
Nicola and Sian have now set up Team ZOllie to raise awareness and funds for Roald Dahl 's Marvellous Children 's Charity and Young Epilepsy , which support children with the condition , as well as other serious illnesses .
Nicola says : “ Team ZOllie is made up of both sets of parents , but also Zac and Ollie 's teacher Hannah Seaton and the teaching assistant Vanessa Roskell , as well as Amanda Elleray and Steph Steadman who have children in Zac and Ollie 's class . I also teach at Ashbridge and have used resources from Young Epilepsy to help teach the Year 5 and 6 children about epilepsy and to make them more aware . ”
Sian adds : “ I feel we are on the better side of the epilepsy now , and so it is time to give something back .
“ There are two epilepsy nurses at Royal Preston Hospital and they are amazing and have provided so much support . We just want to say thank you to everyone who has supported us . ”
Team ZOllie will take part in the five-mile hero assault course at Avenham Park on June 10 .
The course is designed by Royal Marine Commandos and Army Engineers of Ozonefit Military Fitness Preston .
To make a donation visit http : //www.justgiving.com/teams/Zollie
University Of Lagos SIWES Orientation Exercise Announced 2017/2018 .
University Of Lagos SIWES Orientation Exercise Announced 2017/2018 . The University Of Lagos SIWES Orientation Exercise has been Announced for the 2017/2018 session . All concerned students are hereby informed . The University of Lagos Central Industrial Liason and Placement Unit has organised the 2018 SIWES programme for eligible SIWES students in the current academic session . It is scheduled …
The post University Of Lagos SIWES Orientation Exercise Announced 2017/2018 . appeared first on Students Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WINDSOR , Ont . — A labour strike at Caesars Windsor has forced the tourist draw to cancel more hotel reservations and postpone performances by musician Brian Wilson and illusionist Darcy Oake .
The southern Ontario venue is temporarily closed because of a strike by casino and hotel workers that began April 6 .
Caesars Windsor says it 's now cancelling hotel reservations scheduled between May 1 and May 19 .
It 's also postponing Wilson 's concert on May 4 and Oake 's show on May 17 , but says they will be rescheduled .
CAC 's CRP and Ease of Doing Business in Nigeria
In this article , Ahmadu Ibrahim applauded the recent signing of three executive orders on ease of doing business by acting President Yemi Osinbajo , noting that they are in line with the various strategies by the Corporate Affairs Commission to bolster Nigeria 's business environment
Nigeria is arguably the most attractive market in Africa today considering its huge population of about 170 million people , the largest among the 54 countries on the continent . However , Nigeria has for decades consistently dawdled on the World Bank 's global ease of doing business scale with the latest ranking placing the country at 169th position out of 190 countries assessed late last year . The nation 's low ranking can be attributed to various factors , among which is its huge infrastructure deficit . But much more frontally , businesses are encumbered in Nigeria by the intrinsic bureaucratic bottlenecks at various stages of economic facilitation especially within government establishments . For instance , the latest ease of doing business report titled Doing Business 2017 : Equal Opportunity for All which was published by the World Bank in October 2016 , revealed that Nigeria ranked 138th position in terms of Starting a Business , 174th position in terms of Getting Construction Permit , 180th position in terms of Getting electricity , 182nd position in terms of Registering Property , 44th position in terms of Getting Credit , 32nd position in terms of Protecting minority investors , 182nd position in terms of Paying Taxes , 181st position in terms of Trading Across Borders , 139th position in terms of Enforcing Contracts , and 140th position in terms of Resolving insolvency .
It is against this backdrop that the recent signing of three Executive Orders by Acting President Yemi Osinbajo , as part of the Federal Government 's ease of doing business initiatives , is not only valuable but also significant in bolstering Nigeria 's business climate . The three orders provide for specific instructions on a number of policy issues affecting ease of doing business in the country , among others .
But even before the issuance of the three orders , the Corporate Affairs Commission ( CAC ) has been one of the few Federal Government agencies that have initiated various strategies to accelerate the growth of the Nigerian business environment . One of such initiatives of the Commission is the development of a registration software called the Companies Registration Portal ( CRP ) . Since the launching of the CRP early in 2015 , company registration activity has witnessed progressive increase . Worthy of note , is the fact that the feedback which the CAC gets from its customers and other stakeholders has over time helped to further enhance the workability of the on-line registration experience and operational needs required for a perfect registration process which the Commission is committed to provide .
Investigations have shown that the CRP is not only user-friendly , but that it also affords customers on-line real-time access to the services of the CAC from the comfort of their offices or homes , using different e-payment platforms such as inter-switch , e-transact , MasterCard , Verve card and Visa card to effect payments for their registration . This has made it possible for potential investors to register companies without necessarily hiring the services of a lawyer or lawyers . The CRP has also been found to have significantly impacted on the time cycle for company registration , thereby leading to the achievement of the Commission 's 24 hours registration target . This is undoubtedly a huge leap for Nigeria in terms of one of the key components of the World Bank 's ease of doing business assessment criteria : ‘ Starting a Business ' .
Beyond the CRP , however , the CAC 's current dynamic management led by Barr . Bello Mahmud had also envisioned other initiatives which have helped immensely towards ease of doing business in Nigeria . For some time now , the Commission has maintained a desk at the One-Stop Investment Centre ( OSIC ) being hosted by the Nigerian Investment Promotion Commission ( NIPC ) , which is a platform to carter for foreign investors coming to register and do business in Nigeria . The CAC 's OSIC desk has been empowered to conclude company registration activities within 24 hours . Another laudable initiative by the Commission has been the creation of a public search window which allows members of the public to view all existing and approved names online free of charge before they choose names for reservation . Hitherto , this was only being done physically by lawyers on behalf of potential registrants after payment of a sum as search fees . Equally invaluable to its clients , the CAC has established a 24/7 Call Centre which is domiciled in its Public Affairs Department , with four dedicated telephone lines and an email account , for the public to make enquiries and complaints resolution .
Also , as part of the federal government 's initiatives to ease doing business , the Minister of Industry , Trade and Investment , Mr. Okechukwu Enelamah recently approved timelines and extended working hours for the Commission . The CAC now closes by 7pm to the public . These , among numerous other initiatives , are sure measures towards not only fast-tracking quick start of business in Nigeria , but also ensuring that the Commission evolves into a world class companies Registry .
– Ibrahim wrote from 24 , Dan Suleiman Street , Utako District , Abuja , FCT
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
