Major cryptocurrencies were flirting with trading beneath support levels on Wednesday after digital assets enjoyed a sharp rally in the prior session .
Bitcoin , the world 's the biggest digital currency , remains above the $ 7,000 psychological level but has lost 2.2 % , last since its trading levels 5 p.m. Eastern Time on the Kraken exchange , with a single BTCUSD , -2.51 % coin changing hands at $ 7,336.24 .
After slumping toward $ 300 billion on Monday , the total value of all cryptocurrencies has rebounded , and was most recently at $ 320 billion , according to CoinMarketCap .
CoinMarketCap Cryptocurrency market cap
Read : Hospital launches rehab clinic to treat cryptocurrency addiction
Are miners being squeezed ?
As the overall price trend remains down , one crucial part of the bitcoin industry is changing , and it could have greater ramifications if prices continue to track lower .
“ Historically , miners have been true believers and supporters of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies—choosing to take profits in manageable chunks or holding off on selling coins to support prices , ” wrote Thejas Nalval , portfolio director , and Kevin Lu , director of quantitative research , at Element Asset Management . “ However , the world of mining has changed from one made up of evangelists to one where large-scale facilities reign , making fluctuations in price more deadly . ”
The folks at Element said that while the actual break-even price to mine a bitcoin is n't clear , prices may be approaching levels where miners would have to sell holdings to sustain their operations .
According to a May report from Elite Fixtures , the cost to mine a single bitcoin in the U.S. is $ 4,758 , $ 8,723 in Japan and $ 26,170 in South Korea .
Read : Here 's how much it costs to mine a single bitcoin in your country
Altcoins turn south
After Tuesday 's rally , altcoins , or alternatives to bitcoin , have given up some of the gains made over the last 24 hours . Ether ETHUSD , -4.13 % is down 2.8 % to $ 552.00 , Bitcoin Cash BCHUSD , -4.31 % has lost 3.7 % to $ 963.20 , Litecoin LTCUSD , -3.37 % is off 2.8 % at $ 116.82 and Ripple 's XRP coin XRPUSD , -3.32 % is down 2.3 % , last changing hands at 59 cents .
Bitcoin futures have taken cues from the spot market , drifting lower . The Cboe June contract XBTM8 , -2.43 % is down 2.1 % at $ 7,340 , while the CME June contract BTCM8 , -2.47 % is off 2 % at $ 7,345 .
Read : Bitcoin is definitely a bubble , says Wikipedia founder
SALEM , Ore. — Oregon 's emergency alert systems blasted a cryptic alert to cellphones around the capital city , panicking residents by telling them simply “ Civil Emergency ” and “ Prepare for Action ” and leaving off that the threat was toxic algae at a local water supply .
Officials wanted to warn Salem-area residents Tuesday night that elevated levels of a natural toxin caused by the algae bloom had made area tap water unsafe for children and people with compromised immune systems . But that information got cut off , and a more ominous-sounding default message went out in its place , said Andrew Phelps , head of the state emergency management agency .
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website .
Within hours of the first alert , residents stripped the aisles at one supermarket in the city 's downtown center of bottled water , and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves . Workers brought out a pallet of sparkling water , which they placed at the front of the store , and told customers they hoped they 'd get more regular water in the morning .
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities ' use of emergency alert systems , following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile .
In Oregon , confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency , with an official telling reporters the message had caught them unaware and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert .
And when officials directed residents to the city of Salem 's municipal website for more information , the site briefly crashed under the load .
“ The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message , ” Phelps said in a video posted on social media by the Office of Emergency Management . “ I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused . ”
Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations .
Cole Mahaffey , a Salem resident , set down a case of bottled water Wednesday they were carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on their phone , with an ominous warning but no other information .
“ It almost made me not want to go outside , ” Mahaffey said , adding that the alert caught them at the gym , and that they had interrupted their exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about . “ I did n't know if there was something going on in the area , or if there was a shooter , you just had no way of knowing . ”
Image copyright MCE PR Image caption Brendan Boyd , left , director of Alfred Street Properties and Gerry Monaghan , manager of Connswater shopping centre
Eighty jobs have been created by the new anchor tenant of Connswater shopping centre in east Belfast .
Homeware chain , The Range , which has more than 140 stores across the UK and Ireland , is due to open its doors later this year .
The new store represents an investment of £2m by The Range , as well as a further £1m investment by the landlord .
There had been viability concerns about Connswater , after Tesco and Dunnes Stores closed in 2015 .
Speaking when Dunnes announced its decision to pull out , Glyn Roberts of the Northern Ireland Independent Retail Trade Association said : `` With Tesco closing its store , the centre will soon have lost both its anchor stores which puts its long-term viability at risk . ''
Connswater Shopping Centre and Retail Park is owned by Alfred Street Properties .
Director Brendan Boyd said the announcement was `` great news not only for the scheme but for east Belfast and the local economy as well '' .
`` The Range 's arrival is further confirmation that the scheme has turned a corner , '' they added .
This is the latest in a series of investments in the retail park - Starbucks and Lidl opened earlier this year and Home Bargains is set to open in December .
Former Italian prime minister Silvio “ Bunga Bunga ” Berlusconi proudly said they see “ obvious similarities ” between themselves and President-elect Donald Trump . Trump “ was elected by all Americans weary of an old ...
Alphabet Inc. 's stock may have underperformed many of its peers over the past year , but analysts at Credit Suisse say that is set to change .
While Facebook 's FB , +1.46 % stock has increased 29 % in the past year and Amazon 's AMZN , +1.96 % has rocketed 44 % , Google parent Alphabet 's GOOGL , +1.78 % GOOG , +1.65 % shares are up just 10 % .
But that underperformance relative to its big-cap rivals could soon change as YouTube and Google Cloud take up a larger piece of its total revenue pie .
Read also : Alphabet downgraded on threat from Amazon
On Monday , Credit Suisse analyst Stephen Ju reiterated an outperform rating and $ 1,100 12-month price target on the stock . That target , which is among the most bullish on Alphabet 's stock , would catapult Alphabet 's market capitalization to $ 757 billion , above Apple Inc. 's AAPL , +0.55 % valuation . Apple 's market cap is $ 745 billion , though RBC separately predicted on Monday that it 'd grow to $ 824 billion within the year .
Shares of Alphabet soared 1.8 % to close at $ 855.13 on Monday . They 've increased 3.3 % in the past three months , virtually in-line with the S & P 500 . Amazon , Apple and Facebook have all outperformed over same time period , gaining 11 % , 18 % and 10.5 % , respectively .
The average rating on Alphabet 's stock is the equivalent to buy , while the average price target is $ 982.26 , according to a FactSet survey .
In a note to clients released Monday morning , Credit Suisse increased its cloud revenue estimate , added in additional revenue Google is expected to make from the newly-announced YouTube TV streaming service and forecast a larger-than-expected contribution from Google 's non-search business , including Google Cloud and Google Play .
See also : YouTube TV promises 50 major broadcast , cable channels for $ 35 a month
Among the problem areas are larger investments to enhance its cloud services business , which have weighed on profit growth and margins . Another worry that has dampened investor sentiment has been the deceleration of Google 's established search business , though Ju said that has caused investors to overlook some of the fast-growing aspects of Google 's business , such as the cloud .
Mobile Ads Fuel Facebook Revenue Boost ( 2:29 ) Advertising gains helped Facebook drive 30 percent more revenue per user in the fourth quarter , ahead of an anticipated slowdown in growth later this year . WSJ 's Lee Hawkins explains . Photo : Bloomberg News
YouTube , Google Play and Google Cloud , while often are overshadowed by Google Search , are expected to make up one-third of Alphabet 's total revenue within three years , according to Credit Suisse . Last quarter , Google 's web sites raked in nearly $ 18 billion in revenue , comprising 85 % of total sales .
Also Read : YouTube to require 10,000 views before videos can get ads
In its last earnings report , Google attributed much of its 22 % year-over-year increase in quarterly revenues to mobile search and YouTube . Google does n't break out YouTube earnings specifically , however , and it currently loops cloud revenue in with newer initiatives it refers to as “ other bets . ”
The company is expected to report fiscal first quarter earnings on April 27 .
Alphabet shares have gained 8 % in 2017 , while the S & P 500 SPX , +0.86 % has gained 5 % .
Hervé Leroux , the French designer whose famous form-fitting dresses were beloved by stars in the '90s and early aughts , unexpectedly passed away on Friday at age 60 .
Their iconic bandage dress — constructed from strips of elastic fabric and sold under the label Hervé Léger — became a supermodel uniform and went on to hug legions of celebrity curves in all the right places .
“ I would literally save up all my paychecks and go wait , stalk the girls that worked at Hervé and just get all the new colors , ” Kim Kardashian wrote on their blog in 2016 .
The bandage dress first made its appearance as the finale of the designer 's 1989 show , where it was dubbed “ the bender ” because it molded the body into the “ perfect ” female form , like a modern-day corset .
At the peak of its popularity , the dress was a must-have for any club-going seductress looking to exude sex appeal — from A-list stars such as Beyoncé and Mariah Carey to party girls like Lindsay Lohan and Paris Hilton .
A marked departure from the shoulder pads and other exaggerated silhouettes of the '80s meant to empower women in the workforce , the new , stripped-down style was also controversial .
According to the Design Museum 's “ 50 Dresses That Changed the World , ” some thought it represented a desire to “ reform and deform women 's bodies , ” though others called it “ a postfeminist celebration of the female form . ”
Leroux launched the Hervé Léger label in 1985 and , in 1999 , it was purchased by LA-based BCBG Max Azria , which carried on Leroux 's legacy of curve-hugging ensembles .
After they sold their company , Leroux did n't stop designing . They kept creating dresses for their celebrity clientele out of their atelier in Paris .
One of Leroux 's closest friends and clients , Dita Von Teese , took to Instagram to pay tribute to the late designer .
“ He made the most exquisite dresses that showcased a woman 's beauty , rather than distracting from it , ” Von Teese wrote . “ We 've lost one of the fashion greats . ”
Image copyright Getty Images
Police Scotland is backing a UK-wide anti-terror campaign to encourage the public to report suspicious behaviour .
The move follows research by Counterterrorism Policing which suggests three out of four Scots are concerned about acts of terror .
Across the UK , two thirds of people said they had become more concerned over the past year .
But while 82 % said they would report suspicious behaviour , many were unclear as to what they should be looking for .
The Action Counters Terrorism initiative , which is supported by police forces and intelligence agencies , includes a 60-second film based on real-life foiled plots .
It shows examples of terrorist-related suspicious activity , as well as attack planning methods .
Officers said some examples of suspicious activity or behaviour could include :
Hiring large vehicles for no obvious reason
Buying or storing a large amount of chemicals , fertilisers or gas cylinders for no obvious reason
Taking notes or photos of security arrangements or inspecting CCTV cameras in an unusual way
Looking at extremist material , or sharing and creating content that promotes or glorifies terrorism
Anyone who goes away travelling for long periods of time but is vague about where
Someone carries out suspicious or unusual bank transactions
Image caption Assistant Chief Constable Steve Johnson said cooperation between police and the public was `` Scotland 's greatest defence ''
Police Scotland 's Assistant Chief Constable Steve Johnson said : `` We work tirelessly with security partners to identify and thwart the terrorist threat .
`` But the public can also play a crucial role in helping to keep communities safe and we would encourage anyone with suspicions to report their concerns .
`` We want to provide people with all the necessary information they need to help them identify suspicious activity and , more importantly , keep themselves safe and secure .
`` Any piece of information could be vital in helping the police prevent terrorism and save lives . That cooperation between police and the public is Scotland 's greatest defence against the terrorist threat . ''
Anyone who wants to report suspicious behaviour or activity can call Police Scotland on 101 or 999 in an emergency , or report it online at gov.uk/ACT .
Easter Monday brings one last round of Holy Week traditions around the world .
Among the festivities :
Hare Pie Scramble and Bottle Kicking , Hallaton , England . The custom , dating back 300 years , has two parts : A hare pie is blessed by a vicar and pieces are thrown to the crowd ; then , rival villages Hallaton and Medbourne attempt to carry a bottle ( actually a beer keg ) across a boundary stream . The best-of-three contest can last several hours .
The World Coal Carrying Championships , Gawthorpe , England . Since 1963 , participants have raced about two-thirds of a mile carrying a sack of coal — 110 pounds for men , 44 pounds for women .
In the United States , children gather on the lawn outside the president 's house and use spoons to roll wooden eggs along a race course . They can also make crafts with the president 's family and listen to books being read by members of their administration .
Movie Synopsis :
Jackie is a searing and intimate portrait of one of the most important and tragic moments in American history , seen through the eyes of the iconic First Lady , then Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy . Jackie places us in their world during the days immediately following their husband 's assassination . Known for their extraordinary dignity and poise , here we see a psychological portrait of the First Lady as they struggle to maintain their husband 's legacy and the world of `` Camelot '' that they created and loved so well .
LONDON — After more than 150 years as Britain 's most famous timekeeper , London 's Big Ben bell fell silent Monday for four years of repair work that will keep it quiet ...
MOSCOW — Russian President Vladimir Putin hosted U.S. ally King Salman of Saudi Arabia for talks at the Kremlin this week , cementing a relationship that is pivotal for world oil prices and possibly signaling a shift in Middle East politics .
Salman , the first sitting Saudi monarch ever to visit Russia , led a delegation to Moscow bringing with them investment deals worth several billion dollars , providing much-needed investment for a Russian economy battered by low oil prices and Western sanctions .
Saudi Arabia said it signed a memorandum of understanding on the purchase from Russia of S-400 air defense systems . That marked a shift for the kingdom , which buys most of its military supplies from the United States and Britain .
On the political front , there was no sign of any substantial breakthrough on the issues that have long divided Moscow and Riyadh , including the fact that they back rival sides in Syria 's war .
However , any discord was eclipsed by mutual expressions of respect , and the pomp and ceremony Russian officials put on to greet the Saudi king .
Members of Saudi delegation walk in front of the Boeing 747 that Saudi King 's Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud arrived with , in Moscow 's Vnukovo II airport in Moscow , Russia on Oct. 4 , 2017 . Sergei Chirikov / EPA
On their journey into central Moscow from Vnukovo airport late on Wednesday , King Salman 's limousine passed billboards bearing their photograph and messages in Russian and Arabic welcoming him .
On Thursday , Putin received the monarch in the gold-decorated St. Andrew Hall , one of the grandest spaces in the Kremlin , attended by soldiers in ceremonial dress and with an orchestra playing the two countries ' national anthems .
`` I am sure that your visit will provide a good impulse for the development of relations between our two states , '' Putin told Salman later as they sat alongside each other in the Kremlin 's lavishly-decorated Green Parlour .
The Saudi king invited Putin to visit their country — an offer the Russian leader accepted — and said they planned to keep cooperating to keep world oil prices stable .
Moscow and Riyadh worked together to secure a deal between OPEC and other oil producers to cut output until the end of March 2018 , helping support prices .
Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said Saudi Arabia was `` flexible '' regarding Moscow 's suggestion to extend the pact until the end of next year .
The message of further joint Saudi-Russian action on output helped push up oil prices on Thursday .
' A historical moment '
Despite the chumminess , the two powers seemed to agree to disagree on one geopolitical issue : Syria .
Riyadh supports rebels fighting President Bashar al-Assad 's army , while Russian and Iranian forces have sided with Assad . This leaves Moscow aligned with Saudi Arabia 's arch-rival Iran , whose influence Riyadh fears is growing in the region .
Briefing the media after the talks , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov focused on the common ground , saying the two leaders had agreed on the importance of fighting terrorism , finding peaceful solutions to conflicts in the Middle East , and on the principle of territorial integrity .
Their Saudi counterpart , Adel al-Jubeir , said new horizons had opened for Russia-Saudi ties that they could not previously have imagined .
`` Relations between Russia and Saudi Arabia have reached a historical moment , '' said Jubeir , speaking through an interpreter .
`` We are certain that the further strengthening of Russian-Saudi relations will have a positive impact on strengthening stability and security in the region and the world . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Saudi King Stranded as Their Gold Escalator Breaks Down 0:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A package of investments announced during the visit will help cement the new relationship and go some way toward plugging the vacuum left by sluggish Western investment in Russia that is , in part , a result of international sanctions imposed after Moscow annexed Crimea in 2014 .
Among the deals was an agreement between Russian sovereign wealth fund RDIF and Saudi Arabia 's Public Investment Fund to invest up to $ 100 million in transport projects in Russia .
The two countries also signed a deal to set up a $ 1 billion joint investment fund .
Russia stepping into U.S. leadership vacuum
There has been no immediate U.S. reaction to the growing ties between Riyadh and Moscow .
But the United States , for which Saudi Arabia is an important strategic ally and trading partner in the Middle East , is likely to notice Russia 's newfound friendship with Saudi Arabia .
Analysts see Salman 's trip to Moscow , which follows other visits by Gulf royals , as the clearest sign yet that Russia 's high-risk gamble in Syria has paid off .
`` A number of Gulf leaders have been going with greater regularity to Moscow and I think for a simple reason : Russia has made itself much more of a factor in key parts of the Middle East as the U.S. has taken a step back in some ways , particularly in Syria , '' said Brian Katulis , a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress .
Saudi-U.S. ties grew strained under the Obama administration over its backing of a nuclear agreement with Iran and its cautious stance on the Syrian conflict .
Relations have improved — President Donald Trump began their first foreign trip with a stop in Riyadh and signed a nearly $ 110 billion arms deal with the country . But on Syria , the two countries remain divided with Washington 's focus on fighting ISIS the Islamic State group , not on ousting Assad .
Anna Borshchevskaya , a fellow at The Washington Institute for Near East Policy , says that even though Moscow has no capacity to replace Washington , its is definitely exerting its diplomatic muscles on the world stage .
`` It 's clear that Russia has been able to play a weak hand very well and step into vacuums everywhere where the U.S. has retreated , '' they said .
Barnes and Noble has an attitude problem Dear John : I was wondering what your thoughts were on the Barnes & Noble layoffs . My thoughts are actually simple : They need to either replace the managers or senior managers ...
Barnes and Noble misses out on bombshell Trump tell-all Embattled Barnes & Noble on Friday missed out on one of the biggest book bonanzas in recent memory — the debut of the much-buzzed about “ Fire and Fury : Inside the ...
Activist investor wants to take Barnes & Noble private for $ 650M An activist investor has proposed to take Barnes & Noble private in a deal that would value the bookseller at $ 650 million . Sandell Asset Management 's surprise move , reported by the ...
Barnes & Noble shares surge over buyout speculation The plot thickens for Barnes & Noble . Shares of the brick and mortar bookseller soared nearly 7 percent Thursday on a report that it was mulling going private — something ...
Barnes & Noble shares soar as investor agitates for a sale Barnes & Noble 's long stint as publicly traded company is due for its final chapter . At least , that 's what Thomas Sandell of Sandell Asset Management thinks . The activist investor amassed ...
NYC is short on bookstores -- but independent owners are changing that New Yorkers like to think we have it all : the most Michelin-starred restaurants , the tallest building in the country and more theaters than any other city in the world . But ...
Man rages against Kim Kardashian in bookstore 'massacre ' A Connecticut man 's distaste for the Kardashians has landed them in jail . Carl Puia , 74 , was arrested on Monday for destroying several of Kim Kardashian 's “ Selfish ” books at a Barnes ...
Barnes & Noble to sell booze in some stores Barnes & Noble will soon be wining and dining its customers — literally . As sales of books , Nooks and other printed matter continue to decline , the 640-store chain on Thursday ...
Barnes & Noble founder is stepping down Retail legend Leonard Riggio , who reinvented the business of bookselling , is ready for their next act . The founder of Barnes & Noble , who opened their first bookstore in 1965 before ...
Mandela Day 2018 launch – a centenary celebration
Yesterday 23rd April 2018 , the Nelson Mandela Foundation launched Mandela Day at the Constitution Hill in honour of the legacy of Madiba and placing emphasis on the culture of volunteerism .
The Foundation invited all to play a part in building a society inspired by the values of the global icon – Nelson Mandela . The centenary celebration campaign prompts global citizens to take # ActionAgainstPoverty , inspire change and make every day a Mandela Day .
“ It is important that we use the capabilities we have , wherever we are stationed in life , in a way that dismantles the unequal structures of power and protects the most vulnerable . All of us must commit to continuing Madiba 's work ; fight poverty and inequality ; strive to eradicate the growing scourge of racism ; and reckon with the history of oppression ” , said Mr Sello Hatang , Chief Executive of the Nelson Mandela Foundation .
Constitution Hill was bustling with various stakeholders who exhibited their respective Mandela Day initiatives , calling on citizens to sign up and play their part to contribute to Mandela Day and the betterment of the country .
The Nelson Mandela Foundation and the Obama Foundation also made an official announcement that President Barack Obama will deliver the 16th Nelson Mandela Annual Lecture under the theme “ Renewing the Mandela Legacy and Promoting Active Citizenship in a Changing World ” in Johannesburg at the Ellis Park Arena on the 17th of July 2018 .
As a build-up to the lecture and Mandela Day , citizens are encouraged to make every day a Mandela Day . There are various initiatives for citizens of all races and ages to play their part and give 67 minutes of their time to the less fortunate and # ActionAgainstPoverty .
Some stakeholders took to social media to share their initiatives planned for Mandela day :
@ HFHSouthAfrica 21m21 minutes ago At @ NelsonMandela Centenary Celebration launch today . Book your team for July 's ‘ 100 Houses for 100 Families in Honour of 100 Years ' in KZN , JHB and CPT : build @ habitat.org.za or call : +27 81 840 7968 # rememberingmandela # BeTheLegacy
@ ZeldalaGrangeSA 47m47 minutes ago Launching our # MandelaDay plans as # BikersforMandeladay # B4MD during the Nelson Mandela Foundation centenary celebration launch . 14 July Mass Biker rally Cape Town – Paarl 15 July Mass Biker rally Johannesburg – Tshwane Details tbc
@ Absa 2h2 hours ago Like the Nelson Mandela Foundation , we believe in being an active force for good , which is why we 're proud to support them . And to mark the lead up to uTata 's 100th birthday , we 're inviting you to help write the new chapter of Madiba 's legacy . # TheNewChapter # MandelaDay
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
President Donald Trump said they `` really did n't care '' about opening a portion of Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling but insisted it be included in tax legislation at the urging of others .
SAN FRANCISCO — A Richmond man is facing federal drug charges after federal agents intercepted a package addressed to them that contained nearly 1,500 ecstasy pills , authorities said .
Tony Saelee was charged Monday with attempt to possess a controlled substance with intent to distribute .
The investigation began when a package arrived at the John F. Kennedy International Airport in Queens , New York , that was addressed to “ Tony Fin ” at an apartment on San Pablo Avenue in Richmond . Customs and border patrol officers searched the package and found 1,475 ecstasy pills , according to an affidavit written by a federal agent .
The return address on the package read “ Lawyers office/Anwaltskanzlei ” with an address in Germany , according to court records .
Instead of delivering the package , authorities replicated it with a bag of fake ecstasy pills and had a postal inspector deliver it to the Richmond address . Saelee answered the door and identified themselves as “ Tony Fin , ” according to authorities . Federal agents knocked on their door and arrested them about 10 seconds later .
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Khader Saleh was pronounced dead at the scene
Three men have been charged with murder over the stabbing of an inmate at Wormwood Scrubs prison .
Khader Saleh , 25 , was found at the west London jail on Wednesday .
Kogi governor to Senate : Flush out criminals from Senate
Kogi State Governor , Yahaya Bello , on Wednesday charged the Senate to ensure the red chamber is made up of men of high caliber , integrity and good character in order to retain its high esteem .
They made the call while speaking with State House correspondents after meeting with Acting President Yemi Osinbajo at the Presidential Villa , Abuja .
The governor also claimed that Senator Dino Melaye , who is representing Kogi West in the Senate , was not fit for the Senate .
They said : “ You see I would rather admonish Nigerians that when a child lacks proper parental care and home upbringing , they constitute a social menace in the society . And if the society does not take steps to check and correct such a child , they can turn into criminal and take into criminality . Then it will be left to government to check such criminality . And if government does not , such a child can cause a serious embarrassment . That is what is happening in Kogi State .
“ Then talking of the Senate , let me rather admonish the Senate that it is an institution that is held on very high esteem and I think the Senate and indeed the National Assembly is made up of men of high caliber , high integrity and good character .
“ I think it is necessary that the wonderful house should as matter of urgency and as a matter of fact check any social deviant that exists within them before they could be adjudged birds of the same feather . I know they are not of the same feather . ”
The governor said there is no crisis in Kogi , adding that the state is living in peace .
“ Projects are ongoing , we are all happy over there . Salaries are being paid as at when due and we are making serious progress , ” Bello said .
The post Kogi governor to Senate : Flush out criminals from Senate appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tickets are now on sale for a play by a Blessington writer , which digs deep into GAA passions .
“ Face the Short Kick Out ” is a comedy/drama . There are few , if any families in Ireland , who do n't have some connection with the GAA either on , or off the field .
Even those with no involvement whatsoever are still fascinated by its impact on Irish society
And it 's from here that Richard Lynch cuts deep into the heart of the Association - The Club - to create a powerful piece of drama , laced with rich earthy humour throughout .
Richard is thrilled that the play has drawn critical acclaim and won standing ovations from recent performances , and comes to Tramway Theatre Blessington on Saturday May 6 at 8pm .
“ We see the family connections , romance , the pride of the little village and the rivalry between neighbouring clubs when they clash , ” they said .
A split within a club in the 1950 's , leads to the formation of a second club in the Parish . A father and son conflict relating to the infamous ‘ Ban ' on foreign games that reached epidemic proportions in the 1960 's . And a football match played in 1959 that resonates to this day .
“ As Kilkeeran GAA club prepare to open their new state of the art clubhouse , Sonny Halpin , now in their sixties , lays bare much of the club 's history from its earliest years to the present day in an effort to bury the ghosts of the past that continually haunt him , ” explains Richard .
“ A host of characters follows , including a larger than life trainer , an unorthodox referee , ‘ Barney Mc Donald ' who played football when it was ‘ dangerous to play ' ‘ The Bummer Donnelly ' who liked a few pints the night before a match , and the colourful ‘ Mammy ' on the sideline watching their five sons , risk life and limb in pursuit of victory . Even the referees were afraid of her . ”
From the pen of the well known Blessington writer/actor , who previously produced “ From the Shoulders Down ” and “ Oscar Wilde from Heaven ” , Mr Lynch combines humour , pathos , tribalism , bigotry , heartbreak and triumph that builds to a riveting climax , and delivers a memorable nights ' theatre .
Tickets cost €15 , concessions €12 and are available at The Office Shop , Hennessy 's Next Door , and The Parish Office . Special group deals are available .
Numerous reports are saying that Andrew Lincoln , the face of “ The Walking Dead , ” is leaving the AMC zombie apocalypse drama .
Lincoln , who has played beleaguered former sheriff Rick Grimes since the show 's premiere , is expected to leave the series in its upcoming ninth season , sources have told The Hollywood Reporter and other outlets .
With their departure , co-star Norman Reedus , who plays Daryl , will become the show 's leading man . Reedus is in the midst of negotiating a new deal that will pay them more than $ 20 million to stay on the show , Us Weekly reported .
Lincoln 's departure is a major shock to the franchise , according to the Hollywood Reporter and to fans . For creator Robert Kirkman 's comic series on which the AMC drama is based , their character remains the focal point .
But Lincoln 's decision was n't unexpected . The 44-year-old actor , who lives with their family in London , told the Hollywood Reporter in February : “ There 's certainly an endgame in my head . Whether or not that 's the same endgame that 's in the producers ' heads or the people I work with , is another matter . ”
An insider told Us Weekly : “ Andrew is leaving because he 's had enough of it and wants to focus their energy on movies . ”
Fans did n't take the news well that Lincoln is leaving and even wonder if the show will be worth watching after they go :
I ca n't imagine The Walking Dead without Andrew lincoln ! ! They ca n't leave ! ! 💔 pic.twitter.com/tPchaoL08u — ElPanther ' ( @ Fa2haD_ ) May 29 , 2018
If Andrew Lincoln is leaving The Walking Dead after next season , then next season needs to be the last season of The Walking Dead . End of discussion . That show w/o Rick Grimes is like Batman w/o Bruce Wayne . — Kenny BooYah ! ( @ KwikWarren ) May 29 , 2018
andrew lincoln/rick grimes is the most important person on the walking dead .. idc what you say , there 's no show without him . — ana ( @ smvkeandmirrors ) May 29 , 2018
I love every actor and actor on this show but no one can take over The Walking Dead like Rick Grimes . Andrew Lincoln brings something to this show , and I know people say “ it 's not just about Rick Grimes ” but we followed them throughout S1 and we still continue to . — The Walking Dead ( @ TWDFamilyy ) May 29 , 2018
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
A judge has ruled that it 's unconstitutional for the president to block people on Twitter , but that does n't immediately bar other politicians from doing the same , experts said .
The ruling could , however , serve as a case to point to in other lawsuits and as a lesson for public officials .
U.S. District Judge Naomi Reice Buchwald of New York ruled on Wednesday that blocking people from the president 's Twitter account is a violation of the First Amendment , and that stopping people from interacting with the account was `` restricting a real , albeit narrow , slice of speech . ''
The ruling answered the question in front of the court , but the judge did not issue an order immediately requiring Trump to unblock or to stop blocking accounts . The judge wrote that the ruling declaring the law should be enough .
`` It 's a good first decision for First Amendment advocates on this topic , '' said Chip Stewart , associate dean and professor of journalism at Texas Christian University , who focuses on law and digital media .
The ruling is one decision in one district court and is somewhat limited . While significant , `` it 's still a long way to go before this is the law of the land , '' Stewart said .
Wednesday 's ruling could be appealed . The ruling does not affect normal Twitter users ' ability to block others , experts said .
A public forum
The lawsuit was brought on behalf of seven people blocked from Trump 's Twitter account — which the president frequently uses to make government and other announcements — and the suit argued that the @ realDonaldTrump Twitter account is a `` public forum '' under the First Amendment .
Adam Sharp , who was the head of news , government and elections at Twitter from 2010 through 2016 , said that while the case applies to the president , under the ruling `` this would send the same signal to a member of Congress or a governor as it would the president . ''
`` That slice of the space in which people are talking to their president and talking to their public officials , they are still operating in a public space in that context , '' Sharp said .
Buchwald wrote in the ruling that parts of Trump 's Twitter account — `` the 'interactive space ' where Twitter users may directly engage with the content of the President 's tweets '' — is a public forum , and that blocking people based on their political speech `` constitutes viewpoint discrimination that violates the First Amendment . ''
The ruling says that those blocked `` can not view the President 's tweets ; directly reply to these tweets ; or use the @ realDonaldTrump webpage to view the comment threads associated with the President 's tweets '' while those blocked are logged in .
Trump 's Twitter account has more than 52 million followers . In June , the president used the platform to announce their intention to nominate Christopher Wray as FBI director . Trump also announced the firing of former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on the platform in March .
1:35
Mallard Creek gains momentum with win against Vance , but its coach expects even more
Image copyright Google Image caption Atif Muhmood will appear at Blackburn Magistrates ' Court on Thursday
A man has been charged with the murder of a `` vulnerable '' man who was found dead at their home in Lancashire .
Forty-five-year-old Christopher Moore 's body was found at the house in Derby Street , Nelson , on 20 June .
A post-mortem examination revealed Mr Moore had suffered `` significant injuries '' , police said .
Atif Muhmood , 38 , of Bankhouse Road , Nelson , remains in custody and is scheduled to appear at Blackburn Magistrates Court on Thursday .
Maybe women just do n't have as many problems in the sack as men . Addyi , the new female libido pill , was all but ignored in its first few weeks on the ...
DEAR MISS MANNERS : I would consider myself to be a good-humored , cheerful sort of person and enjoy smiling when I have cause to smile .
However , when I am intensely focused on accomplishing something difficult , I apparently fail to smile , which seems to be a sin in our society . This causes my fellow citizens ( no doubt civic-minded ) to admonish me to smile , accompanied by a perky smile of their own , which I admit to finding irksome in the extreme .
Could you offer advice on how to respond appropriately , particularly when said admonishment is issued in front of a group ? I find if I ignore it , the admonishment continues , but fear a direct rejection of the order might “ create a scene ” ( of which I have a near British-level aversion ) . And thus I typically comply with a weak smile , which ends the situation but invariably leaves me in a foul mood and , I fear , bit by bit , slowly destroys my soul .
Related Articles Miss Manners : This customer made me cry after my mistake
Miss Manners : The tricky way this wedding couple got cash from us
Miss Manners : Should estrange daughter be included in Dad 's obituary ?
Miss Manners : Horrified by co-worker 's manners
Miss Manners : What to give estranged mom-to-be ? GENTLE READER : You had Miss Manners ' sympathy that such admonitions are rude , and diminish rather than increase the level of civic concord . And you had their agreement on the weak smile as the correct response — up to the point where you suggested that a courteous reply would have unfortunate , and possibly eternal , consequences .
The hope in giving a weak smile ( moving the mouth only slightly while the eyes simply stare ) is that it will , over time , discourage your fellow citizens from repeating their behavior when they see it is unwelcome . It will not put a sudden and dramatic stop to that behavior . But responses that would create significantly more civic discord , if they do not carry jail time , should be avoided .
DEAR MISS MANNERS : A relative let me know that they had purchased a present for me and asked when I would be able to pick it up .
My schedule has not yet allowed me to go to their town at a time when they are at home , and it is now well past the gift-giving occasion .
Is it up to the gift receiver to come and collect , or for the giver to send/deliver it ? I feel they are getting irritated at my seeming lack of enthusiasm by not making time in my schedule to come to them
GENTLE READER : Although they do not know your relative , Miss Manners has no trouble believing that your unwillingness is taken as a sign of lack of interest . Nor does it surprise them that the would-be gift-giver has failed to notice their own lack of interest , as demonstrated by ordering something online ( a guess ) and then demanding the recipient travel to another town to take ownership .
Miss Manners has found that encouraging people to throw parties for themselves is both dangerous and unnecessary , and does not do so in this case . But you should propose some event , perhaps a dinner at your home , where the present can be received . If it is for an event in your own life , a birthday , for example , perhaps there is a birthday in the relative 's part of the family that can be recognized at the same time .
Miss Manners is the pseudonym of Judith Martin and Nicholas Ivor Martin . Contact them at dearmissmanners @ gmail.com .
Johnny Manziel 's comeback tour continues .
The former Browns quarterback will host a one-time podcast for Barstool Sports ahead of Thursday 's draft , The Post has learned .
“ Comeback SZN , ” coined from Manziel 's beloved hashtag , will feature draft commentary from the 25-year-old quarterback , along with manager Erik Burkhardt and Barstool 's Kayce Smith . The podcast will be available on BarstoolSports.com .
Manziel was selected 22nd overall by Cleveland in the first round of the 2014 draft . Following a number of well-documented , off-field transgressions , they were cut from the club in March 2016 , later photographed on that year 's draft night from a bar . Two years later , the 2012 Heisman Trophy winner has made it their mission to turn their life around .
“ I am coming back from a huge downfall , ” Manziel said in a January interview with “ Good Morning America. ” “ I do n't know what kind of comeback it will be , but I know I want to get back on a football field , to what brought me so much joy in my life . ”
After completing their second game in this month 's developmental Spring League , Manziel can decide if they want to wait out potential calls from NFL teams or agree to a two-year commitment with the CFL 's Hamilton Tiger-Cats .
OMAHA , Neb . - A truck hit a child at an intersection in midtown Omaha and did not stop .
10-year-old Liam Clements was hit by a truck last Wednesday while using a crosswalk at 32nd and Center .
The family says drivers making red light , right-hand turns without looking in both directions is a problem at that intersection .
David Clements says their son and siblings were walking home from camp when they went to cross at 32nd and Center . The signal turned for safe crossing , that 's when Clements says a truck went around the corner , making a right hand turn without looking .
The truck grazed their son and narrowly missed their daughter . The driver did n't stop .
`` The guy just did n't pay attention . Then hit them and gave them the thumbs up and drove off . So I guess apparently that 's ok now , you hit somebody and give them a thumbs up and your good , '' said David Clements .
Clements says the intersection previously had a traffic light prohibiting red light , right hand turns from Center onto 32nd going Southbound . It was removed by the city .
The city has a sign warning drivers not to turn right from 32nd onto Center during school hours .
Clements says he 'd like to see more signage .
A young lad is okay , after a tense nearly hour long search in Innisfil . South Simcoe Police say an argument with their dad sent the youngster running from home late last evening , unprepared and under dressed for the weather , the police were called in . The South Simcoe Police K9 unit and Simcoe County Paramedics began a search of the wooded area nearby , a York Regional Police helicopter was even dispatched , but was not needed . The boy was found just under an hour later , several kilometres away from home . Luckily , frostbite had not set in .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Alexander Nix is the CEO of Cambridge Analytica
The UK 's Information Commissioner says they will seek a warrant to look at the databases and servers used by British firm Cambridge Analytica .
The company is accused of using the personal data of 50 million Facebook members to influence the US presidential election in 2016 .
Its executives have also been filmed by Channel 4 News suggesting it could use honey traps and potentially bribery to discredit politicians .
The company denies any wrongdoing .
Fresh allegations
On Monday , Channel 4 News broadcast hidden camera footage in which Cambridge Analytica chief executive Alexander Nix appears to suggest tactics their company could use to discredit politicians online .
In the footage , asked what `` deep digging '' could be done , Mr Nix told an undercover reporter : `` Oh , we do a lot more than that . ''
They suggested one way to target an individual was to `` offer them a deal that 's too good to be true and make sure that 's video recorded '' .
They also said they could `` send some girls around to the candidate 's house ... '' adding that Ukrainian girls `` are very beautiful , I find that works very well '' .
Mr Nix continued : `` I 'm just giving you examples of what can be done and what has been done . ''
Channel 4 News said its reporter had posed as a fixer for a wealthy client hoping to get a political candidate elected in Sri Lanka .
However , Cambridge Analytica said the report had `` grossly misrepresented '' the conversations caught on camera .
`` In playing along with this line of conversation , and partly to spare our 'client ' from embarrassment , we entertained a series of ludicrous hypothetical scenarios , '' the company said in a statement .
`` Cambridge Analytica does not condone or engage in entrapment , bribes or so-called 'honeytraps ' , '' it said .
Mr Nix told the BBC 's Newsnight programme that they regarded the report as a `` misrepresentation of the facts '' and said they felt the firm had been `` deliberately entrapped '' .
Investigation
UK Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham is already investigating Cambridge Analytica over claims it used the personal data of 50 million Facebook members to influence the US presidential election .
Christopher Wylie , who worked with the company , claimed it amassed the data of millions of people through a personality quiz on Facebook that was created by an academic .
Ms Denham had demanded access to Cambridge Analytica 's databases and servers by 18:00 GMT but said the firm had missed them deadline .
`` I 'm not accepting their response so therefore I 'll be applying to the court for a warrant , '' they told Channel 4 .
`` We need to get in there , we need to look at the databases , we need to look at the servers and understand how data was processed or deleted by Cambridge Analytica . ''
'Violation '
Cambridge Analytica insists it followed the correct procedures in obtaining and using data , but it was suspended from Facebook last week .
Facebook , meanwhile , said it had hired its own digital forensic team to audit Cambridge Analytica .
`` This is part of a comprehensive internal and external review that we are conducting to determine the accuracy of the claims that the Facebook data in question still exists , '' the firm said .
`` If this data still exists , it would be a grave violation of Facebook 's policies and an unacceptable violation of trust and the commitments these groups made . ''
Facebook added that Aleksandr Kogan , the creator of the personality app from which the data had been harvested , had also agreed to be audited .
However , it said Mr Wylie - who made the claims about the way the data was gathered and used - had declined .
Bernadette Peters and Post columnist end long-running feud Michael Riedel once wrote a series of excoriating columns about the actor when they starred in “ Gypsy “ on Broadway .
Bernadette Peters is as good as Bette Midler in 'Hello Dolly ' It 's no mean feat replacing Bette Midler in “ Hello , Dolly ! ” Midler was the No . 1 attraction on Broadway in 2017 , racking up weekly grosses of $ 2.5 million and winning the ...
Jack Antonoff wants their mom to smell like Bernadette Peters Antonoff was searching for the perfect Hanukkah gift for their mom based on a meeting with Peters .
Bette Midler and Bernadette Peters get together off-stage The future and former dollys headlining “ Hello , Dolly ! ” spent time together for Halloween .
Broadway barks out a tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Broadway – through the voice of stage icon Bernadette Peters – barked out a touching tribute Saturday to late actor and noted animal lover Mary Tyler Moore . Peters , “ The Good ...
Video
This photographer wants to change the way we think about pigeons .
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app . The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android .
Image caption Cannabis oil is used to control Billy Caldwell 's seizures
The Department of Health has rejected claims it has held up Billy Caldwell 's return to Northern Ireland .
Billy , who is severely epileptic , has been receiving treatment in London after the Home Office granted a short-term licence for medicinal cannabis .
Their mother Charlotte Caldwell said that decision needed to be ratified by NI 's Department of Health before they could fly home .
The department has said it was actively working to resolve the problem .
Billy , 12 , began using cannabis oil in 2016 to control their seizures .
The oil , which contains a substance called Tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , is illegal in the UK but available elsewhere .
'In the dark '
Ms Caldwell said they were `` desperate '' to get home to Castlederg , County Tyrone .
They accused the department of `` blocking '' their return and said they had been left `` completely in the dark '' .
Ms Caldwell told BBC Radio Ulster 's Talkback programme : `` It 's to do with the Northern Ireland Health Department .
`` They need to issue this urgent licence and they need to issue it today . ''
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Cannabis oil is not licensed in the UK as a medicine
However , the department said it was working to try and get Ms Caldwell and their son home .
`` The department is actively working for a timely resolution to this matter . Any suggestion to the contrary is without foundation , '' a spokesperson said .
`` We are in constant contact with the Home Office and advising Belfast Trust on the licence requirements and the best way to promptly complete this process . ''
Does cannabis have medicinal benefits ?
CBD and Tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) are two types of cannabinoids found naturally in the resin of the marijuana plant .
A cannabis-based drug called Sativex has been licensed in the UK to treat MS . It contains THC and CBD .
Doctors could , in theory , prescribe it for other things outside of this licence , but at their own risk .
MS patients prescribed Sativex , who resupply it to other people , also face prosecution .
Another licensed treatment is Nabilone . It contains an artificial version of THC and can be given to cancer patients to help relieve nausea during chemotherapy .
Source : NHS Choices
Billy 's story was one of a number of high-profile cases which prompted the government to review the use of medicinal cannabis .
On Tuesday , the government said it would reach a decision within the next few weeks on whether the laws will be changed .
Trump aims to end aid to countries that do n't keep drugs out of US
Washington , Feb 2 ( EFE ) .- President Donald Trump threatened on Friday to end foreign aid to countries who do n't prevent illegal drugs from reaching the United States .
“ I want to stop the aid . If they ca n't stop drugs from coming in , 'cause they can stop them a lot easier than us , ” they said during a visit to the US the Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) National Training Center in northern Virginia .
“ They say , ‘ oh we ca n't control it . ' Oh great , we 're supposed to control it , ” Trump said .
“ So we give them billions and billions of dollars , and they do n't do what they 're supposed to be doing , and they know that . But we 're going to take a very harsh action . ”
The president did not mention any countries by name in regard to the drug issue , though they previously pointed to El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras and Mexico as sources of illegal immigrants .
“ These countries are not our friends , you know , ” they said , though it was not entirely clear which nations they were talking about .
“ We think they 're our friends , and we send them massive aid , and I wo n't mention names right now . But I look at these countries , I look at the numbers we send them , we send them massive aid and they 're pouring drugs into our country and they 're laughing at us , ” Trump said .
In a discussion with CBP officials , the president asked about the origin of cocaine , heroin and methamphetamines that reach the US and the routes used by traffickers .
It 's been more than three years since Textron ( NYSE : TXT ) announced — to great fanfare — the creation of a budget-priced , jet-powered fighter jet . Built in record time from off-the-shelf parts , the new Textron AirLand Scorpion boasts a top speed two-thirds the speed of sound ( 450 knots ) , a payload of up to 3,000 lbs . of bombs and missiles carried internally , and a budget price of less than $ 25 million per plane — but not a single sale to any customer in more than three years .
Continue Reading Below
Lucky for Textron , then , that the Scorpion jet is n't the only weapon it 's got up its sleeves .
Textron 's V-22 Osprey — a Marine Corps fan favorite . Image source : Getty Images .
Hatching a plan for Osprey
While the Scorpion jet is getting no love at the Pentagon , there 's another Textron plane that the Marine Corps ( at least ) simply can not get enough of : the tiltrotor V-22 Osprey , co-built by Textron and Boeing ( NYSE : BA ) .
Last year , we told you how the Marine Corps has been singing Osprey 's praises , and buying the warbird hand over fist . They 've been buying so many Ospreys , in fact , that the Marines are having trouble finding pilots to fly them all . Well , they 'd better train them fast , because as we just learned , the Marine Corps just hatched a plan to make the Osprey even more useful than it already is — a development that 's likely to make Textron 's Osprey more popular than ever .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
A warbird with claws
The Marines love the V-22 Osprey for its ability to rapidly transport troops from amphibious warships to a beachhead . One thing they would like , though , is if Osprey could do a bit of damage itself when it arrives .
As currently outfitted , an MV-22 Osprey can carry at most a 7.62 mm chain gun or.50-cal machine gun for self defense . But as reported earlier this month on Scout.com , the Marines would like Textron to begin arming Ospreys with a rather robust array of weapons , including “ forward firing rockets , missiles , fixed guns , a chin mounted gun , and also ” potentially “ a 30MM gun along with gravity drop rockets and guided bombs. ” This , says Scout , would permit the aircraft “ to support amphibious operations with suppressive or offensive fire as Marines approach enemy territory . ”
Marine Corps spokesperson Capt . Sarah Burnssays the Corps wants to begin integrating these weapons , along with forward-looking infrared radar ( FLIR ) targeting radars , by 2019 . Further out , the Corps is looking to have Textron build it an upgraded version of the original Osprey , to be designated “ MV-22C. ” This new version , expected to be introduced in 2030 , would incorporate additional advances in sensors and digital communications , along with greater speed and payload capacity .
What it means to investors
The first and most important thing for investors to keep in mind when gauging the importance of these developments is that whatever incremental revenues they generate , you need to take that number and divide it by two . This is because Textron does not build the V-22 Osprey solo , but as part of a joint venture with Boeing . Thus , all revenues the “ Bell-Boeing Joint Program Office ” earns from Osprey upgrades get split down the middle between the two companies .
That said , there could be a lot of money to split . Currently , the Marines are about 290 units into a planned 360-unit purchase of Textron 's Osprey . At an estimated unit cost of $ 71.9 million , that means there is at least another $ 5 billion in revenues remaining in this $ 25.9 billion production contract .
This number could run even higher if the Marines ' desired upgrades are incorporated into the rest of the production run , and/or existing Ospreys get retrofitted to accommodate the new weapons the Marines are asking for . And farther down the road , there 's also the MV-22C upgrade to consider . How many units of the new variant might be purchased remains unknown — but at $ 72 million or more apiece , the money will add up quickly .
The moral of this story ? It sure would be nice if Textron could get the Pentagon to buy a few of its Scorpion jets . Failing that , though , at least the ever popular Osprey should keep this company in business for a good long time .
10 stocks we like better than Textron
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . *
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Textron was n't one of them ! That 's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys .
Click here to learn about these picks !
* Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7 , 2016
Fool contributorRich Smithdoes not own shares of , nor is they short , any company named above . You can find them onMotley Fool CAPS , publicly pontificating under the handleTMFDitty , where he 's currently ranked No . 346 out of more than 75,000 rated members .
The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned . Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fool may not all hold the same opinions , but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
BEIJING — The co-chairperson of HNA Group , a conglomerate that operates China 's fourth-largest airline and finance , logistics and other businesses around the world , has died in an accident while on a business trip in France , the company said Wednesday .
Wang Jian , a co-founder of the company , suffered “ severe injuries ” in a fall in Provence in southern France and died Tuesday at age 57 , said an HNA Group statement . It gave no other details .
Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan , HNA expanded into finance , hotels , logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree .
More recently , HNA has been selling some assets as Chinese regulators tighten lending controls and press companies to rein in debt .
Wang graduated from the Civil Aviation University of China and received an MBA from the Maastricht School of Management in the Netherlands , according to their company .
HNA agreed last year to acquire a hedge fund operated by Anthony Scaramucci , an aide to U.S. President Donald Trump . That never received regulatory approval and the two sides called off the deal in April .
Morgan Stanley went shopping at Overstock.com — and it had nothing to do with the discounted leather sofas .
The Wall Street bank has purchased an 11.4 percent stake in the Web retailer just days before the Salt Lake City company 's cryptocurrency trading goes live .
The disclosure , in a regulatory filing by the bank , sent the retailer 's shares soaring on Monday 22 percent , to $ 55 — putting them up 270 percent since June 12 .
Morgan Stanley shares slipped 12 cents , to $ 52.77 . The company , led by Chief Executive James Gorman , is just the latest Wall Street bank trying to figure out how to get in on the spectacular bitcoin rally , which has surged 17-fold this year .
Rivals like Goldman Sachs have explored trading it , while others , like JPMorgan Chase , still have n't figured out if they 'll even accommodate clients who want to buy them .
Overstock , best known as discounter , has also been one of the foremost companies developing new uses for the technology behind bitcoin . As such , it has become a proxy for investors who wanted the gains of bitcoin without investing in the asset directly .
Overstock accepted the cryptocurrency as payment starting in 2014 , and recently started holding 50 percent of bitcoins that are used in transactions .
The company does n't disclose how much in bitcoin it holds .
Overstock Chief Executive Patrick Byrne has been a vocal backer of cryptocurrencies , and has led the development of a tZERO , a trading company for bitcoin and other similar crypto-assets .
Byrne did n't return a call seeking comment .
Golden State Warriors star Kevin Durant already has an MVP award in their trophy case . Maybe someday , he 'll add an Oscar or an Emmy .
Durant is preparing to executive produce “ Q Ball , ” a documentary film about the lives of incarcerated basketball players at San Quentin State Prison .
The project was announced Wednesday by Fox Sports Films , which will air “ Q Ball ” early next year as part of its “ Magnify ” documentary series , which specializes in using sports as the lens for exploring important cultural stories .
“ Q Ball ” follows the lives of the San Quentin Warriors — teammates and inmates at “ The Q ” , a.k.a . California 's San Quentin State Prison . Durant and fellow Golden State team members ' previous visits to the prison helped kick-start the project . According to Fox Sports , the documentary “ explores the inmates ' personal struggles , as they search for redemption and transcendence both on and off the court . The answers , characters , and stories are complex , but in San Quentin — a place where freedom is taken away — basketball gives a little bit back . ”
For several years now , members of the Golden State Warriors basketball operations staff have played an annual game against the inmates at San Quentin . Warriors players , including Durant , have been on hand to watch the games .
“ My first visit to San Quentin with my teammates was an unforgettable experience that moved me and made me want to bring it to a larger audience , ” said Durant in a statement issued by Fox Sports . “ This film shines a light on these individuals , their struggles and their connection through basketball . ”
The film is being produced by Durant 's Thirty Five Media , in conjunction with HEIST and Hunting Lane Films . Michael Tolajian , an Emmy and Peabody Award winner , will direct .
By Hayden Wright
A trailer has been released for the next sequence of Carpool Karaoke videos , and the lineup is stellar . The CBS late-night segment will stream on Apple Music in a similar format , but with new guests and even crazier moments behind the wheel . The concept , which has broken YouTube records and dominated social media , remains as simple and delightful as ever . Only this time , a rotating cast of celebrities will replace James Corden .
Related : Adele 's ‘ Carpool Karaoke ' is the Most Popular Viral Video of 2016
Here are the moments we 're most excited for :
Metallica making their headbanging mark on Rihanna 's “ Diamonds ” with Billy Eichner .
John Legend duetting on with Alicia Keys on their breakout hit , “ Falling . ”
Ariana Grande belting the Little Shop of Horrors soundtrack with Seth MacFarlane .
James Corden 's return with Will Smith — they rap the Fresh Prince theme !
Chelsea Handler slinging whiskey and singing Bon Jovi 's “ Living on a Prayer ” with Blake Shelton .
Corden also presides over an epic , R. Kelly-inspired key change for the Carpool Karaoke franchise — there 's a helicopter .
A new installment will drop on Apple Music each week and the premiere is “ coming soon . ”
Watch the preview here :
Forget about the past with these Bill Belichick proteges You are a general manager , and you are searching for a new head coach . And Bill Belichick is not available . So of course it makes sense to interview the men ...
Texans GM vows return , setting up bizarre , 'toxic ' reunion HOUSTON — Maybe time will heal the bond . Texans general manager Rick Smith said they would return to the team but will be away for at least a year . The ...
Two gone , one spared , one retires as NFL 's Black Monday hits Jack Del Rio and Chuck Pagano were already out . Todd Bowles , Adam Gase and Dirk Koetter are coming back . Ben McAdoo is long gone . Now add John Fox and Jim ...
Texans GM leaves to help sick wife after 'fire someone ' ultimatum The four-year partnership that has won two AFC South division titles appears to be ending with an ultimatum and a cancer diagnosis . Texans head coach Bill O'Brien was planning a ...
Who 's staying and going ? NFL about to see coach carnage Black Monday will be especially dark this year . The coaching carousel is spinning again , with Ben McAdoo already fired and a number of NFL head coaches sure to follow him ...
Whom Dave Gettleman could target for Giants ' next coach Now that Dave Gettleman is the new general manager of the Giants , it is time to play connect the dots . The first order of business for Gettleman is finding a ...
NFLer who beat cancer finally gets their emotional moment HOUSTON — Cancer survivor David Quessenberry knew all week that he 'd make their NFL debut on Monday for the Houston Texans against the Pittsburgh Steelers . What they did n't realize until ...
Falcons , Luck lead five NFL storylines to watch in Week 1 The anticipated Week 1 of the NFL season finally has arrived . Here are the High five things to watch on this week 's schedule : Hangover to watch How the Falcons , who ...
Texans : How we got Brock Osweiler the hell out of Houston Bill O'Brien is not exactly rushing to deny the salacious reason behind Brock Osweiler 's departure . The Texans coach offered a de facto “ no comment ” when asked about a Pro Football ...
Image copyright Canterbury Archaeological Trust Image caption The Canterbury Archaeological Trust said it was `` an enormous theft ''
Hundreds of priceless artefacts dating back to Anglo-Saxon times have been stolen in a series of raids .
Burglars smashed through a wall of a store room housing archives for the Canterbury Archaeological Trust .
More than 850 Anglo-Saxon glass beads , large quantities of coins , metal and bone artefacts , and objects from its education collection were taken .
Kent Police said it was investigating the thefts , which happened overnight between 22 and 24 January .
Image copyright Canterbury Archaeological Trust Image caption Anglo-Saxon glass beads and large quantities of coins were stolen
The stores on the Kingsmead site hold thousands of artefacts dating back as far as the Paleolithic period .
Some of the items taken were found during Canterbury 's Big Dig between 2000 and 2003 , documented by Channel 4 's Time Team .
The trust documents and researches the objects and also works with schools .
The thieves also ransacked the trust 's educational loans collection , disturbing 90 % of the 200 loan boxes , and stealing replica metal axes , pins , coins and other items , including a plaster bust of Queen Victoria .
Image copyright Canterbury Archaeological Trust Image caption Stores used by the Canterbury Archaeological Trust were ransacked
Professor Paul Bennett , director of the Canterbury Archaeological Trust , said it was `` an enormous theft '' in which its archaeological archive had been `` ransacked '' .
`` Their monetary value is passing but their value to the history of the city and to archaeology in general , and to the nation , is immense .
`` This is probably one of the largest thefts of archaeological objects anywhere in the country , '' they said .
Prof Bennett added they would urge the thieves to return the items as they would get `` very little financial gain '' .
American history came to life at Saratoga 's official Independence Day Observance in Kevin Moran Park on Wednesday . The crowd began to arrive at 9 a.m. and filled the park .
Before Mayor Mary-Lynne Bernald welcomed the crowd people of all ages , organizers took the occasion to note the many military members assembled and asked each to stand , much to applause from the crowd .
The Boy Scout 's Color Guard presented the U.S. flag while the McCartysville Volunteer Band played patriotic tunes and volunteers in historical characters circulated in the crowd , much to the delight of photo-friendly families .
Five women were arrested on misdemeanor prostitution charges late Thursday and early Friday in Harrison County .
The FBI conducts Operation Cross Country yearly in an effort to recover underage victims of prostitution , according to the Bridgeport Police Department , and the five arrests were a part of that operation .
Courtney Coleman , 20 , Martha Miller , 33 , Joeann Ringer , 32 , Kayla Thompson , 21 , and Angela Tresize , 41 , are each charged with prostitution , police said .
Coleman is also charged with obstructing , and Ringer was also served a fugitive warrant .
The five women were arraigned in Harrison County Magistrate Court by Magistrate Donald Kopp Friday morning .
The FBI , the Bridgeport Police Department , and the Greater Harrison Drug and Violent Crimes Task Force worked together to make the arrests .
By Clayton Johns
OHSWEKEN , Ont . – June 14 , 2017 – Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series star Kyle Larson dropped in to race with the World of Outlaws Craftsman® Sprint Car Series at Nebraska 's Eagle Raceway last night and drove off with the fifth World of Outlaws win of their career . And they did so in spectacular fashion . Larson , driving a Stenhouse-Wood Racing car , came from sixth on the starting grid to win the 30-lap main event .
Larson only led one lap though , passing Daryn Pittman on the front straightaway just past the white flag and led the final three corners to earn their first World of Outlaws win of 2017 . The winning pass came following a ferocious battle with Shane Stewart and later Donny Schatz before blasting past Pittman to score the victory .
Now with five career Outlaw wins on their resume to go with two in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series , including earlier this season at Auto Club Speedway in their home state of California , Larson will have a chance to earn the sixth World of Outlaws win of their career later this summer at Ohsweken Speedway .
Larson is one of NASCAR 's rising stars and a threat to win anytime they strap into a Sprint Car . He 'll be gunning for a victory when they race at Ohsweken for two great nights of Sprint Car racing this July during the Burger Barn Northern Summer Nationals on July 24 and the World of Outlaws Craftman Sprint Car Series Six Nations Showdown presented by Arrow Express on July 25 .
Larson will take on the best 360 Sprint Car racers at Ohsweken and in the Northeast with their best friend Rico Abreu on Monday night before looking to beat the best Sprint Car drivers in the world for the sixth time when the World of Outlaws roll into town for their 10th visit all-time to Ohsweken .
Advanced reserved seating tickets are on sale now for all of Ohsweken Speedway 's 2017 major events , including the Northern Summer Nationals on July 24 and the World of Outlaws Craftsman® Sprint Car Series Six Nations Showdown on July 25 both featuring Kyle Larson and Rico Abreu ! Visit www.ohswekenspeedway.ticketforce.com or call 519-717-0023 for more information and to order tickets . For the full 2017 schedule of events at Ohsweken Speedway , click here .
About Burger Barn : Since opening in 2011 , Burger Barn has quickly gained a reputation for large portions , friendly staff , great food , and fair prices . Tips from satisfied customers even led Food Network Canada to feature Burger Barn on their show “ You Got ta Eat Here ” . Burger Barn takes pride in their product , and they never get tired of hearing “ That was the best burger I 've ever had ” . Their menu also includes all-day breakfast , wings , chicken burgers , fish and chips , pulled pork , daily specials , and much more ! Burger Barn is located at 3000 Fourth Line in Ohsweken , just 5 miles from Ohsweken Speedway . Call them at 519-445-0088 , and visit www.BurgerBarn.ca for more information .
About Arrow Express : Arrow Express Sports is a sports and entertainment company that is dedicated to preserving and teaching Native American Indian sports , culture , music , and languages . Based at the Arrow Express Sports Entertainment Arena , the company owns and operates the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League , and the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse . Arrow Express owns and operates the multipurpose 3,000 spectator capacity arenas which hosts lacrosse , music , and festival events . The mission of Arrow Express Sports is to help children by advocating healthy lifestyle choices . Visit the Arrow Express Sports website at www.ArrowExpressSports.com .
About Ohsweken Speedway : Founded in 1996 , Ohsweken Speedway is a motorsports complex which includes a 3/8 ( 0.375 ) mile clay oval track . The facility is owned by the Styres family , and located in the village of Ohsweken , Ontario , Canada . Ohsweken 's weekly Friday night racing program runs from May to September each year , featuring 360 Sprint Cars , Crate Sprint Cars , Thunder Stocks , Mini Stocks , and Bombers , while the season finishes each year with the annual Canadian Sprint Car Nationals . Ohsweken Speedway also hosts weekly Micro Sprint racing on Thursday nights , and has been a yearly stop on the World of Outlaws Sprint Car Series schedule since 2007 .
OHSWEKEN SPEEDWAY MEDIA
Website : www.OhswekenSpeedway.com
Facebook : www.Facebook.com/OHSWEKENSPEEDWAY
Twitter : @ OhswekenSpdway
Instagram : www.Instagram.com/OhswekenSpeedway
YouTube : www.YouTube.com/user/OhswekenSpdway
OHSWEKEN PARTNERS
Ohsweken Speedway thanks the following partners for their support in 2017 : Arrow Express , Kool Kidz Ice & Water , Corr/Pak Merchandising Inc. , Renway Energy , Case IH – O'Neil 's Farm Equipment , Hoosier Tire Canada , EPIC Racewear , McDonald 's Restaurants of Paris & Brantford , Ackland Insurance , Strickland 's GMC , Lucas Oil , Burger Barn , Pinty 's Delicious Foods , Creative Edge Signs & Graphics , Insta-Insulation , Middleport Mechanical , HRW Automotive , and Gale 's Auto Aftermarket .
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Barin Kobani ( right ) was killed in northern Afrin earlier this week , reports say
Kurds in Syria have reacted furiously to videos showing Turkish-backed rebels abusing the body of a female Kurdish fighter killed in battle .
Barin Kobani was part of all-female unit challenging a Turkish-led offensive in north-west Syria .
Kurdish officials accused fighters allied with Turkey of `` playing with their corpse '' and mutilating it .
Last month , Turkish troops and allied Syrian rebels launched a campaign to capture the Kurdish-held Afrin region .
Barin Kobani was killed during fighting earlier this week in the northern part of the region , reports say . They were in their mid-20s , and joined the Kurdish all-female unit known as the YPJ in 2015 .
The group is part of the YPG ( People 's Protection Units ) , seen by Turkey as a terrorist group and an extension of the banned Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) , which has fought for Kurdish autonomy in south-eastern Turkey for three decades .
The YPG denies any direct organisational links to the PKK - an assertion backed by the US , which has provided the militia and allied Arab fighters with weapons and air support to help them battle the jihadist group Islamic State ( IS ) in Syria .
Two videos emerged earlier this week , and the woman was soon identified as Barin Kobani .
The footage shows a group of rebels standing around the bloodied body of a woman lying on the ground . Parts of their torso appear to have been cut .
`` We hold the Turkish government responsible for this heinous act , '' Kurdish-led authorities said . One unconfirmed report claimed they had been captured alive before being killed .
Local official Aldar Khalil condemned the rebels ' `` moral decadence '' .
Turkey has not publicly commented on the issue . The rebels involved in the videos have not been identified .
Thousands of people have been displaced by the Turkish-led offensive , launched by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in a bid to crush the YPG , which controls Afrin and more than 400km ( 250 miles ) of Syria 's northern border .
Some 10,000 Syrian rebels are taking part in the campaign .
PHOENIX ( KPNX ) – When Jonathan Pring posted images on Facebook showing the moment they went from being a current gun owner to a former gun owner , they knew he 'd get some response .
What they did n't expect was for the post to go viral .
“ I did n't wake up yesterday planning to become the local Phoenix poster child for the American gun debate , ” Pring said .
The pictures show Pring willingly handing over their firearms , which included a semi-automatic rifle and a pistol , to a uniformed Phoenix police officer in the living room of their Phoenix home .
Pring , who 's a dual citizen of the U.S. and Great Britain , said they called the department 's non-emergency number asking to hand over their guns to them after watching the horror unfold in Las Vegas this week .
The Facebook post was shared hundreds then thousands of times .
“ The first thousand people that commented on it were supporters : ‘ I 'm so proud of you . ' ‘ What a great thing you 've done , ' ” Pring said . “ And then it got really quite scary . ”
They said the comments picked up in pace and became overwhelmingly negative , including some death threats .
“ As a result , we 've left Phoenix for a few days , ” Pring said .
After Yoan Moncada 's leadoff double chased Gonzales in the seventh , reliever Dan Altavilla retired the next two batters before Marc Rzepczynski got the final out of the inning .
Juan Nicasio pitched the eighth and Edwin Diaz worked the ninth for their ninth save in as many tries .
Volstad ( 0-1 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings and did n't walk a batter as a replacement for Miguel Gonzalez , who is on the 10-day disabled list with an inflamed right rotator cuff . The start was the first for Volstad after four relief appearances this year .
TIME WILL TELL
An estimated 2,000 fans witnessed the first pitch in sunny , 59-degree weather . The announced attendance was 10,761 .
IN DANNY 'S CORNER
Former Mariners teammates and their wives remained in contact with the family of White Sox RHP Danny Farquhar , who underwent surgery for a brain aneurysm last weekend . They spent the 2013-15 seasons with the team .
`` You just want to give their family enough space , but you also want to do all you can to be there for support , '' said C Mike Zunino , Farquhar 's ex-batterymate . `` When you first hear something like this happens , it 's really scary because you have do n't know what 's going to happen . It seems like each day we hear something positive , so that 's a really good feeling . ''
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Mariners : 1B Ryon Healy ( sprained right ankle ) neared their return from the disabled list with a two-run single and walk in four plate appearances for Double-A Arkansas on Tuesday .
White Sox : OF Avisail Garcia was placed on the 10-day DL with what Renteria called a `` mild-to-moderate '' strain of their right hamstring . They will be re-evaluted later in the week . OF Daniel Palka was called up from Triple-A Charlotte .
UP NEXT
Mariners : RHP Felix Fernandez ( 2-2 , 5.06 ERA ) will take a career 6-6 mark vs. the White Sox into the series finale Wednesday . They were a 4-3 winner in their only appearance against them last year .
White Sox : RHP James Shields ( 1-2 , 6.17 ) comes off their worst start of the season , a 10-0 blowout against the Houston Astros in which they allowed seven earned runs in 5 1/3 innings .
By Paul Ladewski , The Associated Press
Image copyright Atari Games Image caption The console is designed to share some of the original aesthetics of the seventies style
It 's the latest attempt to cash in on gamers ' nostalgia - a throwback console that promises `` 100+ '' classic games built in , with new online play .
Pre-orders for the Atari VCS went into overdrive on Wednesday , with a campaign on crowdfunding site Indiegogo raising more than $ 2m ( £1.5m ) .
That 's well in excess of the $ 100,000 the company was aiming for , and a remarkable endorsement of the long-lasting appeal of the Atari brand .
Now all the company has to do is deliver on its promises . That may not be straightforward , as attempts to build retro game consoles have had mixed results .
On the one hand , you have Nintendo . Once it launched its classic SNES , it took just over three months to shift more than four million units ( two of which went to a mother I met a few days before Christmas in a store near where I live in Oakland . They hugged the attendant when they came back with extra stock , repeating `` thank you , thank you '' over and over . )
But on the other , there 's the Sinclair ZX Vega+ . It raised £512,790 and was meant to be released in 2016 , but is still yet to see the light of day .
Indiegogo has threatened to use third-party debt collectors to recoup backers ' money if the product is n't released by the end of this month . The company behind the project Retro Computers Ltd , blamed hardware issues and a legal dispute for the repeated delay .
'Weakness for nostalgia '
The Atari VCS is a more ambitious effort , promising not only retro gaming but new titles and other entertainment features . According to a promotional video , the console will also offer a voice assistant .
But its primary selling point will be the chance to play some of the games that paved the way to the multi-billion dollar games industry we know today .
`` Despite the stereotype , gamers are n't all kids playing Fortnite instead of doing their homework , '' said Rachel Weber , senior editor at GamesRadar+ .
`` They 're adults with serious disposable income and a weakness for nostalgia . Nintendo already proved there 's a demand for an easy way to play older games with the NES and SNES Classic Editions , so it 's no surprise that Atari wants to cash in too . ''
The console made a brief appearance at this year 's Games Developers Conference - but attendees were only able to look at the console , not play it .
But thousands of backers have decided to put trust in the team to hit their target of shipping the product by May 2019 .
`` While turning to Indiegogo might feel like a risk , it 's actually a smart move for a company with such a recognisable brand , '' Ms Weber said .
`` Canny creators can use it to generate awareness and build a community - which I suspect is what Atari is doing with the VCS , the funding is just a perk .
`` Atari has avoided the pitfalls of asking too much , or promising more than they can deliver . The campaign has already smashed its target , so demand is n't a problem , but whether or not the machine is anything other than a novelty has yet to be seen . ''
NEW DELHI ( AP ) India 's Supreme Court on Monday ordered the removal of two of the country 's most powerful cricket administrators for refusing to introduce reforms , and said it would appoint its own committee to carry out the recommended changes .
In a ruling that was described by one former chief justice as a ” victory for the game of cricket ” , the Supreme Court fired the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) president Anurag Thakur and the BCCI secretary Ajay Shirke and vowed to axe any other officials who refused to adhere with the court 's orders .
The court said it would appoint a new committee later this month to run the BCCI 's business operations and that all office bearers would have to provide an undertaking that they would carry through the reforms recommended by former chief justice R M Lodha or ” demit the post and cease to be office bearers . ”
Lodha was appointed in early 2015 to head up a committee to reform the running of Indian cricket in the wake of the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) corruption scandal .
The committee later made a number of wide-sweeping recommendations , including a ruling that each of the country 's states get just one vote in the BCCI , that a maximum age limit of 70 be introduced for cricket administrators and that any government ministers and bureaucrats be kept out of cricket administration .
However , the BCCI did not carry out all the reforms , despite an order from the Supreme Court in July last year that the BCCI was bound to make to recommend changes , culminating in Monday 's court order to remove the top officials .
” If the BCCI was reluctant to accept the Supreme Court 's July orders these consequences were bound to follow , ” Lodha said in an interview with the New Delhi Television news channel after Monday 's court decision .
” I am sure that the game of cricket will be governed as well as ever . The Supreme Court order should work as a template for other sports organizations too . The majesty of law has worked . ”
The court also asked Thakur and Shirke why they should not be issued with a showcase notice for perjury and contempt and court after the BCCI failed to follow through with orders to reform .
There was no immediate response by Thakur , but their deputy Shirke said : ” There was no issue . I will go . ”
With India 's growing economy , and billions of dollars flowing in from sponsorships , India 's cricket board is one of the most powerful in the international game .
Last November , Kris Kobach , the conservative firebrand who co-chairs the president 's voter fraud panel , walked into a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump with a proposal to `` Stop Aliens From Voting . ''
On Thursday , a federal judge ordered the release of that proposal and another memo advocating sweeping changes to the nation 's voter registration laws after Kobach , the Kansas secretary of state , fought vigorously for months to keep the documents from public scrutiny .
Kobach , according to the two unsealed documents , proposed that states require individuals to provide documents proving their U.S. citizenship when registering to vote by amending several sections of the 1993 National Voter Registration Act .
The documents give a glimpse into the hardline plan Kobach , a strict voter ID advocate , proposed to the president regarding voting rights , before Kobach joined the president 's Election Integrity Commission to examine nationwide voting issues .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The voter fraud lies keep coming 6:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The two documents were ordered released by U.S. District Judge Julie Robinson as part of a voting rights lawsuit filed in February 2016 by the American Civil Liberties Union .
The first document — titled “ Kobach Strategic Plan for First 365 Days '' — was heavily redacted , except for a section titled `` Stop Aliens From Voting , '' with a bullet point promoting the proof-of-citizenship requirements .
That document , presented to Trump last November , was photographed by The Associated Press .
This cropped and rotated clockwise image shows a document held by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach as they pose with Presient-elect Donald Trump at the clubhouse of the Trump International Golf Club , in Bedminster , N.J. Peter Foley / EPA
At the time , a zoomed-in image of the document revealed that the first bullet point was to reinstate an immigrant tracking system established in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks , with other portions covered by Kobach 's hand .
The second document detailed five amendments to the national voter registration law , which allows voters to register at motor vehicle offices , allowing a state to require `` any information '' from voters when registering .
Kobach proposed adding a new section to the law stating : “ Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent a state from requiring documentary proof of citizenship from any applicant . ”
Kobach and their lawyers tried to prevent the release of the documents , arguing they were protected under attorney-client and executive privileges .
Dale Ho , the director of the ACLU 's Voting Rights Project , praised the unsealing and criticized Kobach 's proposals .
`` Kris Kobach is public enemy No . 1 when it comes to voter suppression in the country , which is why courts have repeatedly ruled against him , '' Ho said in a statement .
`` The documents unveiled today show that they want to dismantle the motor-voter law and replicate their voter suppression practices — which have disenfranchised thousands of Kansans — around the country . ''
Kobach has been on a crusade in their home state to root out illegal voting , which experts say is rare ; they successfully lobbied the state Legislature in 2015 to become deputized to prosecute voter fraud cases .
In two years , they have had nine convictions , most of older individuals who had misunderstood their voting rights , and just one noncitizen .
Kobach , who is running for governor of Kansas , was tapped in May to co-chair the president 's voter fraud commission , which has received bipartisan backlash for requesting sensitive voter file data .
Their office did not respond to a request for comment .
WASHINGTON — House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi 's office is dismissing President Donald Trump 's latest claim that she 's an “ MS-13 lover ” as simply not true .
The Democratic leader 's spokesperson pointed to a fact-checker 's report rating Trump 's earlier suggestions that they favour of the gang as “ false. ” Pelosi declined further comment .
Trump 's most recent characterization of Pelosi came in attacks during a campaign-style rally Tuesday in Tennessee as the White House focuses on illegal immigration ahead of the midterm election .
Pelosi has been critical of Trump 's use of the word “ animals ” in their talks about illegal immigration , saying the president should respect the worth of every person , but the White House has said the was referring specifically to the gang members .
A number of phone scams have been reported in McCracken County , Kentucky . ( Source : KFVS )
A number of phone scams have been reported in McCracken County , Kentucky .
According to the sheriff 's office , scammers are trying to tell residents a family member is behind bars needing money . They are also telling residents they have an outstanding arrest warrant and need to use prepaid cards to transfer funds .
Download the KFVS News app : iPhone | Android
They are also using a scam saying they are from the IRS and have delinquent taxes and there is an arrest warrant for them .
Residents are asked to call law enforcement with concerns and are asked not to provide personal information over the phone .
Copyright 2018 KFVS . All rights reserved .
SIDNEY , Ohio ( WDTN ) — A Sidney man is behind bars on a felony drug trafficking charge .
Sidney Police on Saturday executed a narcotics search warrant on South Miami Avenue near East South Street .
Officers found methamphetamine , heroin , suboxone , and drug paraphernalia .
As a result of the search , police arrested 51-year-old Charles Swiger .
They were booked into the Shelby County Jail on a 2nd degree felony drug trafficking charge .
The narcotics warrant was the third served by Sidney Police over a three-day period in an effort to combat drug abuse and drug trafficking in the city .
Anyone with information about drug activity ias asked to call the Sidney Police Department at 937-498-8777 or Crime Stoppers at 937-492-8477 ( TIPS ) .
Four Russian aircraft flew in an `` unsafe and unprofessional '' manner near a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Black Sea , according to the Pentagon .
A defense official told NBC News that a Russian Su-24 flew within 200 yards of the USS Porter last week , flying at an altitude of just 300 feet and a speed in excess of 500 knots . The jet was armed .
The Fyodor Zolotukhin is an upgraded Il-38N maritime patrol and anti-submarine aircraft Marina Lystseva / TASS via Getty Images
In a separate incident , two other Russian Su-24s came within 300 yards of the ship . They were not armed .
In addition , an IL-38 flew at unusually low altitude .
Two defense officials said that the Navy tried to contact the Russian aircraft by radio but there was no response . The U.S. vessel did not take any evasive action .
Cap . Danny Hernandez , the spokesperson for U.S. European Command , called Friday 's incidents `` unsafe and unprofessional '' due to the speed and distance of the aircraft from the ship .
All four Russian planes were flying without their transponders on , the U.S. officials said . Transponders help identify an aircraft , and American officials say flying with the transponders off increased the risk of an accident or miscalculation .
American officials said the USS Porter was conducting routine operations in international waters .
LONDON — British police have declared a “ major incident ” after two people were exposed to an unknown substance in a town near where a former Russian spy and their daughter were poisoned with nerve agent .
In a statement , the Wiltshire Police forces say a man and a woman — both in their 40s — are in critical condition after being found in Amesbury , eight miles from Salisbury , where Sergei and Yulia Skripal were poisoned on March 4 .
Police on Tuesday were cordoning off places the people visited before falling ill , but public health officials say there is not believed to be a wider risk . They were hospitalized Saturday for suspected drug overdoses .
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals with a Novichok nerve agent . Moscow denies the allegation . The poisoning sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West , including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides .
The statement from Wiltshire Police came only a month after police from 40 departments in England and Wales returned to their home assignments after months of working on the Skripals ' poisoning .
The Wiltshire Police force spent about $ 10 million dealing with the aftermath of the Skripals ' poisoning and believe that their front door was contaminated with the nerve agent .
Sergei Skripal , 66 , is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap . They had been living quietly in Salisbury , a cathedral city located 90 miles ( 145 kilometers ) southwest of London , when they were struck down along with their 33-year-old daughter .
After being found unconscious in the street , the two spent weeks in critical condition at the hospital . Doctors who treated the Skripals said at the time said they expected them to die . They say they still do n't know what their long-term prognosis is .
Viktoria Skripal is back in Russia , where they are running for a seat in a regional legislature on the ticket of a Kremlin-controlled party . In appearances on Russian state-controlled television , they have said they do n't trust Britain to handle the investigation into the nerve agent poisoning .
'American Chopper ' star Paul Teutul files for bankruptcy Paul Teutul filed for chapter 13 bankruptcy just days before the show was set to air .
'American Chopper ' star sued for fraud “ American Chopper ” star Paul Teutul Sr. is being sued for allegedly sabotaging a TV project and costing their business partner millions of dollars .
TAMPA , Fla. ( WFLA/AP ) – Young drivers are n't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads , a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths .
Well over half of all drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel , run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days , according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety .
Younger drivers are the worst offenders . Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors . But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected . For instance , 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel , while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they 'd driven through a light that had just turned red .
“ I think it 's stupid , ” said Karson Miller , who 's 18 and from Hillsborough County . “ It 's pretty obvious you should n't text and drive , ” they said .
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years , indicating a troubling trend . In 2015 , U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092 , the largest single-year increase in five decades . They 're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized .
“ It 's actually shocking but also sad because we 've become a culture of— it 's become acceptable for society to think that we 're taking a little too much risk while driving , ”
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success , foundation spokesperson Tamra Johnson said . Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages .
“ It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we 're going to reverse this alarming trend , ” Arnold said .
The study found broad agreement on some issues . Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit . Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana . Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it 's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt , and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets .
But drivers ' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts . More than three-quarters of drivers say it 's unacceptable to text or email while driving , but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often . Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat , but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open .
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over . Among its findings :
The youngest drivers — those ages 16 to 18 — were less likely to engage in speeding , running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s .
Eighty-three percent of drivers — and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older — said they were more careful than other drivers on the road .
Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones , but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days .
Driver ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car . Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving .
Twenty-three percent of drivers — and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 — think it 's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway . Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days .
Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat , but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs .
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
> > back to WFLA.com for more top stories
An official says the fire is out at a chemical plant near Houston but they are monitoring the site for more blazes .
Explosions and fires rocked the flood-crippled Arkema Inc. plant in Crosby early Thursday . The plant 's owners warned more explosions could follow because a loss of refrigeration was causing chemicals stored there to degrade and burn .
see also 2 explosions reported at flooded Texas chemical plant A flooded chemical plant near Houston that was left without ...
Rachel K. Moreno , spokesperson for the Harris County Fire Marshal , said the fire that began early Thursday in a trailer at the plant went out around noon . They said there are eight other trailers on the site that they are monitoring .
Moreno said their agency was notified Tuesday morning about the facility 's power outage , which they believe it was caused by flooding .
Moreno said any decision to enter the facility is up to the company , not first responders . Fire and police are maintaining the 1.5 mile buffer indefinitely .
They said they are also uncertain about the water levels at the facility because they are n't sending first responders beyond the buffer zone .
They said 200 residents were evacuated over the past 48 hours .
They did not put their fist through a wall or doink themselves in the forehead with the frame of a kicking net .
But sadly for Giants fans who are hoping for a more mature and responsible Odell Beckham Jr. in 2017 , they were up to some familiar immature acts on Monday , showing up more than an hour and a half late to a community event for kids at MetLife Stadium , spending minimal time there before whisking themselves into a shiny black SUV waiting like they were some sort of diva rock star trying to avoid their adoring masses .
That Beckham was late to the event , at which they were scheduled to conduct a football clinic for about 50 kids , is n't so much the issue .
It 's the fact that — according to two sources with knowledge of the situation who spoke to The Post on the condition of anonymity — Beckham was late because they missed their red-eye flight Sunday out of California , where they were attending the Coachella Music Festival , forcing the sponsor of the event , Dunkin ' Donuts , to scramble to arrange another flight for them on Monday .
Beckham , who was paid to make the appearance , was scheduled to be there from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. to conduct an “ exclusive football clinic ” for the Van Cortlandt Park Titans and then partake in a “ post-event celebration ” with the kids and their parents .
They arrived at 7 p.m. and was driven off in the SUV by 8:15 p.m .
Though this had nothing to do with the result of a Giants football Sunday , it was not a promising sign that Beckham has matured the way Jerry Reese implored their best offensive player to during the Giants general manager 's season-ending press conference in January .
Reese 's words were sharp and pointed shortly after Beckham punched a hole in the wall outside the visitors ' locker room at Lambeau Field following the Giants ' playoff loss to the Packers , and after they spearheaded that ill-fated receivers trip to South Beach to hang with Justin Bieber days before the loss in Green Bay .
“ We all had to grow up at different times in our lives , and I think it 's time for them to do that , ” Reese said . “ He has been here for three years now and is a bit of a lightning rod because of what they do on the football field . But the things they do off the football field , they have to be responsible for those things .
“ I know he 's a smart guy and I believe they understand that they have a responsibility being one of the faces of the franchise and I think they will accept that responsibility . ”
Monday was not a good start . If anything , it raised at least a small red flag that Beckham learned nothing about representing themselves off the field in a more mature way .
Beckham left the organizers of the event scrambling to keep the kids occupied in their absence , giving them a tour of MetLife Stadium and the locker room .
The kids were on the field for more than an hour before Beckham finally sauntered out there with no apology or explanation for their lateness .
Because the organizers did such a smooth job of covering for Beckham and keeping the kids occupied , and because the kids finally got to see their hero , all was not lost .
Beckham threw passes to the kids , took a few questions and posed for pictures with each of them . So , fortunately their experience was not tarnished .
It still was surely a memorable day for them , and that 's what matters most .
Hopefully , for the sake of Giants fans looking for a more mature Beckham , this ends up being a mere blip on the radar .
We first spotted the 'Chrome Home ' flag back in October , which moved Chrome 's address bar to the bottom of the screen . Since then , Google has continued to refine it , but it still remained hidden behind a flag . Starting with the latest build of Chrome Dev 61 , it appears to be turned on by default for most users .
If you 're not familiar with it , Chrome Home changes more than just the address bar 's position . Tapping on the new arrow button reveals the New Tab page as a popup , with a bottom tab bar to view Downloads , Bookmarks , and History .
This could mean that Google thinks Chrome Home is ready for prime-time , but there 's no telling what stable Chrome release will have it enabled by default . Chrome 61 stable seems likely , but Google could also choose to leave it in Beta/Dev/Canary for a while longer .
If you 're on the latest build of Chrome Dev/Canary 61 and it 's not enabled by default , you can manually turn on the # enable-chrome-home and # enable-chrome-home-expand-button flags to get it . You can also download the latest version of Chrome Dev from APKMirror .
This year the annual International Fly Tying Symposium will move from its former location at the Garden State Exhibit Center in Somerset , N.J. , to the Marriott Hotel in Lancaster , Penn . The event will be held Nov. 11-12 , 2017 .
Read more in the press release below .
International Fly Tying Symposium Moving to Lancaster in November
From The International Fly Tying Symposium :
The 2017 International Fly Tying Symposium is scheduled for Nov. 11-12 in the ballroom of the Marriott Hotel , Lancaster , Penn . The move was made necessary by the closing of the Garden State Exhibit Center in Somerset , NJ .
“ While the shuttering of our longtime Somerset tying venue came as a shock , the Lancaster Marriott ballroom is perfectly-sized and offers far more amenities , ” said show director Chuck Furimsky . “ It was sheer luck that the room was available , ” they added .
The 9,000-square foot ballroom is in the stately hotel on Downtown 's Penn Square , 25 So . Queen St. , some 4.4 miles from the outdoor Landis Valley Museum and 4.9 miles from Dutch Wonderland amusement park . “ It is the perfect size and perfect place for the symposium , ” said Furimsky .
“ Tiers who have always wanted to join the list of internationally-known artists and demonstrate at the symposium are welcome to contact me at Chuck @ flyfishingshow.com or call 814-443-3638 . It 's a favorite weekend event for a dedicated following and this move is centrally located for our loyal crowd ; close enough to Philadelphia , Trenton , Baltimore , Washington and other major population centers and the ideal family weekend getaway site , ” concluded Furimsky .
Already have an account ?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access .
You can cancel anytime .
OAKLAND — Do n't ask Gary Payton to wade in on the LeBron James vs. Michael Jordan debate .
“ Me , I think Wilt Chamberlain and Kareem ( Abdul-Jabbar ) are the two best basketball players ever , ” Payton said Wednesday during NBA Finals media day . “ Wilt Chamberlain , by far , is my best basketball player . Best athlete ever . ”
Chamberlain averaged a record 50.4 points per game in 1961-62 , and Abdul-Jabbar remains the NBA 's career scoring leader .
Payton said James ' performances stand on their own and do n't need to be measured against what Jordan achieved .
“ I do n't compare them — different eras . They have their era , Michael had their era . You 've got two players who dominated their eras , ” said the Hall of Fame guard , whose defensive prowess earned them the nickname , “ The Glove . ”
“ LeBron is making a case for themselves to be one of the greatest players to ever play , ” Payton said . “ People are going to say they only won three championships . Michael won six . So what ? Eight straight Finals is really good . ”
Payton believes the Warriors will win in four or five games , unless Cleveland 's supporting players step up big .
“ If the other guys do n't make shots , it might be a quick series , ” they said . “ The pressure is on the other guys to make plays . They 've got to be aggressive and they 've got to perform . ”
A native of Oakland who attended Skyline High School , Payton takes special pride in seeing their hometown team on this stage .
“ Every year to come see ( the NBA Finals ) in Oakland , it just makes my city better , ” Payton said .
The last segment of the hike up Yosemite 's Half Dome is memorable — and , to many , nerve-wracking — but deaths there are rare .
The fatal fall of a hiker last week has turned attention to the safety of the cable route up the national park 's iconic rock .
In the almost 100 years since cables were installed to help hikers climb the steep pitch of the dome , eight people have died from falling on that stretch . Of those fatal falls , four occurred when the rock was wet and at least one was caused by a hiker 's collapse from illness .
The deaths :
Sept. 15 , 1948 : Paul Garinger , 41 , of Burlingame , Calif . They were descending the cables when , according to the 2007 book “ Off the Wall : Death in Yosemite , ” * a witness saw them stop and hold their head in their hands before toppling down the slope .
Aug. 29 , 1995 : Michael W. Gerde , 50 , of Huntington Beach , Calif . They were ascending when they collapsed because of heart failure and fell .
Nov. 8 , 2006 : Emily Sandall , 25 , of New Mexico . They were hiking after the cable stanchions had been removed for the season , so the cables were lying flat on the rock instead of being raised to waist height . They were descending during wet weather .
April 19 , 2007 : Jennifer Bettles , 43 , of Oakland , Calif . They were descending during wet weather , before the cable stanchions had been put up for the season .
June 16 , 2007 : Hirofumi Nohara , 37 , a Japanese national living in Sunnyvale , Calif . They were ascending during dry weather .
June 13 , 2009 : Manoj Kumar , 40 , of San Ramon , Calif . They were descending during wet weather .
July 31 , 2011 : Haley LaFlamme , 26 , of San Ramon , Calif . They were descending during wet weather .
May 21 , 2018 : Asish Penugonda , 29 , a native of India living in New York City . There had been thunderstorms in the area that afternoon , but it is not known if wet rock was a factor . The cable stanchions had been in place since May 11 .
In 2010 , Yosemite officials instituted a permit system for the hike . Before that , Half Dome had been drawing close to 1,000 hikers on many summer weekend days , and the wait to start up the cables sometimes approached 45 minutes .
One of the park 's objectives in setting a limit of 300 a day was a safer Half Dome hike : fewer people overall on the cables and less chance of congestion later in the day , when rain is more common in the summer .
The cables are usually put up in late May and removed on Columbus Day , in early October . In addition to the waist-high cables , there are planks every 10 to 12 feet up the slope , which has been worn smooth by decades of hikers .
Many hikers wear gloves to make it easier to grab the cable and pull themselves along . Some also wear a climbing harness with a tether to a carabiner that they clip onto a cable .
Though most hiker deaths on Half Dome have occurred on the cables , there are hazards at the top as well .
In August 2011 , Ryan Leeder , 23 , of Los Gatos , Calif. , died from what was apparently an accidental fall from the summit .
Three hikers have died after being struck by lightning on the summit , two in a July 1985 incident detailed in Bob Madgic 's book “ Shattered Air. ” One of them , Brian Jordan , 16 , of Hayward , Calif. , died on the summit ; the other , Robert Ward Frith , 25 , of Mountain View , Calif. , rolled off the edge after being hit by lightning .
* ” Off the Wall : Death in Yosemite , ” by Michael P. Ghiglieri and Charles R. “ Butch ” Farabee , Jr .
TOPEKA , Kan. ( AP ) — A Kansas Senate committee has advanced a budget-balancing proposal from Democrats to raise $ 1.2 billion over two years by increasing income taxes .
The Assessment and Taxation Committee on Tuesday forwarded a bill to the Senate that contains the plan . But the Republican-controlled panel specifically did not endorse the measure in its voice vote .
Majority Leader and Overland Park Republican Jim Denning said the Senate would debate tax issues Thursday .
The bill ends an income tax exemption for more than 330,000 farmers and business owners and restores a third tax bracket eliminated in 2012 . It sets the top rate at 6.45 percent instead of the current 4.6 percent .
The committee refused to advance a plan from Republican Gov . Sam Brownback to boost cigarette and liquor taxes and business filing fees .
Missed an episode of The Inside Lane with Dr Ross Tucker & RW Ed Mike Finch ? Listen to them all here .
1 . What To Expect At World Champs
2. Who To Watch This Weekend
3 . Is Bolt Looking Beatable ?
4 . 100s , 10,000s & More !
5 . Women 's 100m , 1,500m Preview , T & F ‘ Crisis '
6 . Women 's 1500m , Men 's 800m & Steeplechase Finals
7 . 800s , Wayde 's “ Non-Celebration ” & The Viral Controversy
8 . Makwala Issue , The Science Of Fatigue & Day 7 Preview
9 . Why Michael Johnson 's Makwala Comments Were Reckless
10 . Does The IAAF World Champs Need A Revamp ?
11 . Is Bolt The Greatest Track & Field Athlete Of All Time ?
12 . The Winners & Losers Of The World Athletics Champs
HBO has ordered six episodes of the Vimeo comedy Web series “ High Maintenance. ” The series , which debuted online in 2013 , stars Ben Sinclair as a Brooklyn pot dealer known only ...
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Scranton Times , July 4 , 1918
July 4 , 1918
July 4th marked throughout region
Independence Day was a big day throughout region .
In Scranton , 6,000 men and women marched along the flag-draped streets of downtown for the annual loyalty parade .
The marchers in the parade were made up of foreign-born individuals , veterans groups , civic organizations , Red Cross volunteers , department store employees and members of Hat and Capmakers union .
The Italian residents of Scranton entered the largest number in the parade along with a float calling for victory . Syrians , Lithuanians , Ukrainians and Polish were also well-represented in the parade .
Dunmore held a Fourth-of-July program at Savage 's Field that featured patriotic speeches , singing from a community choir and a dance performance from Dunmore High School students .
A patriotic program was also put on in Waverly . Speaking at this event were U.S. Rep. John W. Farr and Lackawanna County District Attorney George W. Maxey .
Archbald held a triple flag- raising ceremony at its Municipal Building . Officials raised the U.S. flag , a service flag that recognized the 267 borough residents fighting in the war and a liberty loan honor flag .
Honesdale held events throughout the day marking our nation 's birth . A flag-raising was held at the train station , patriotic speeches were delivered at the courthouse , a picnic was hosted by the Red Cross at the fairgrounds and the Boys ' Work Club hosted a dance .
BRIAN FULTON , library manager , oversees The Times-Tribune 's expansive digital and paper archives and is an authority on local history . Contact Brian at bfulton @ timesshamrock.com or 570-348-9140 .
We 're only halfway through 2017 , and it already feels like we 've had a lifetime worth of great TV so far this year already .
But , there is still plenty more to come . Check out the best shows we can look forward to before the year is out below .
June
Poldark series 3 The BBC 's period drama gallops into its third season , as questions are raised over the paternity of Elizabeth 's unborn child .
Fearless Helen McCrory and Jonathan Forbes star in a new legal thriller from ITV .
9 June
Orange is the New Black season 5 Netflix 's flagship dramedy set inside a women 's prison will be back with a bang ( spoiler alert ? ) on Friday 9 June .
15 June
Riviera A newlywed ( Julia Stiles ) discovers the grim secrets of their husband 's past after they are killed in the most bourgeois death sequence you 're likely to see on television this year : a yacht explosion . New on Sky Atlantic .
23 June
The Crystal Maze The IT Crowd 's Richard Ayoade takes the reins from Stephen Merchant - and in the way way back , Richard O'Brien - to front this reboot of the 1990s game show .
GLOW : Season 1 A new comedy from the team behind Orange is the New Black , starring Alison Brie ( Mad Men ) as a struggling actor who gets lured into the world of female wrestling by comedian Marc Maron 's washed-up director-turned wrestling coach . New on Netflix .
25 June
Preacher : season 2 The bizarre , action-packed comic adaptation is back on Amazon Prime Video . As the New York Times put it , “ the less you know , the better . Just watch it . ”
SAN FRANCISCO — A woman 's body was discovered Wednesday on the grounds of Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital , officials said .
A hospital staff member found the body in the stairway of the power plant building about 1 p.m. , the hospital said in a statement .
Get breaking news with our free mobile app . Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store .
An investigation is being conducted by the San Francisco Department of Public Health , the San Francisco Sheriff 's Department and the San Francisco Police Department .
Additional details , including the woman 's identity and cause of death , were not immediately available .
Check back for updates .
Does your laptop have an overheating problem ? Nothing is worse than seeing your laptop grind to a halt in the middle of an important project or gaming session — especially when those high temperatures can cause permanent hardware damage if you are n't careful .
You can mod a desktop with all sorts of cooling mechanisms , but cooling down a laptop is a trickier prospect : That 's why companies have come up with cooling pads , which are essentially laptop stands that include fans that cool down the laptop 's base and back , helping to reduce temperatures even when you 're on the go . It 's not a perfect fix , but it really can make a difference — and a lot of them also have LED lights , because of course they do . Let 's take a look at the best laptop cooling pad and how it can fix your problem !
The one issue you may have is that this Vanble model is designed for 15.6 to 17-inch laptops , which covers a nice , broad range .
Vanble 's cooling pad is simple , highly portable , and comes with multiple fan options , include two fans , three fans , and four fan configurations . Power comes from a USB attachment ( and the mat includes an extra USB port ) , and there are little adjustable legs for finding the right height . Basically , it 's everything you could want in cooling pad , plus one of the lightest pads on the list , make it ideal for stuffing down in your laptop bag .
Meco Laptop Cooler ( $ 27 ) If you want to skip straight to one of the most powerful cooling pads around , check out this Meco model with five total fans ( plus some LED light decoration , or course . This metal mesh pad includes two built-in USB ports , and a rotating switch to turn the fan and lights on or off , then control the speed of the fans . It comes with six adjustable height options , too ! Keep in mind that those five fans can provide a lot of airflow , but that also means there are more components that need care , so you may not want to run this model at the highest speed all the time . The design fits 14 to 17-inch laptops . Download now from : Amazon
Tree New Bee Cooling Pad ( $ 22 ) This stylish Tree New Bee pad definitely has an interesting shape , but it 's the low weight and quad fans that impress us . There are also handy features such as a built-in dual USB hub , a switch to control fan speed , and adjustable “ anti skid ” flip-up arms to get the angle right . That being said , a number of users have pointed out that the lightweight nature of the pad makes it difficult to support a full 17-inch laptop with the legs up , which means heavier laptops may be condemned to the flat position on this pad . The shape , while interesting , may also make it a little more difficult to store in your laptop case . Download now from : Amazon
Havit HV-F2056 ( $ 20 ) This Havit pad is a bit simpler than some of our other top picks . It only has three fans , for example — but that underlines the minimalistic , slimmed down design that makes this model especially portable . It 's particularly easy to slide into a bag or store next to your laptop , even in a tight case . The stand options are a little limited but you do have two heights to choose between , along with an extra USB port . If you do n't mind settling for a few less fans , this more affordable model may be just what you had in mind . The stand fits laptops between 15.6 and 17-inches , but again be wary of using especially heavy laptops . Download now from : Amazon
Cooler Master NotePal X3 ( $ 33 ) This version of the Cooler Master pad is designed specifically for gaming . It has a little more weight for extra support of larger gaming laptops , and one large 200mm fan to push out a steady stream of air fast — plus , of course , those blue LED lights for showing off a little . Notably , there 's a front vent so your hands get a breath of fresh air too , all the better for staying cool and dry under pressure . It also comes with two height settings for propping up laptops and a fan speed controller , but no extra USB port . The pad is made to fit laptops up to 17 inches . Download now from : Amazon
LONDON : Arsenal 's record signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored on their debut and Aaron Ramsey hit a hat-trick in a swaggering 5-1 rout of woeful Everton on Saturday.Aubameyang vowed to emulate Arsenal legend Thierry Henry after arriving from Borussia Dortmund for £56 million ( $ 79 million , 63 million euros ) this week.While it is too soon for such lofty comparisons , the Gabon striker certainly made the perfect first impression at the Emirates Stadium.Aubameyang , recovered from an illness that had placed their debut in doubt , capped an exhilarating first half from Arsenal with a composed finish to put their side four goals ahead.Ramsey had opened the scoring and Laurent Koscielny increased Arsenal 's lead before Ramsey struck again to make it three goals in the first 19 minutes.Aubameyang 's lively debut was aided by three assists from Henrikh Mkhitaryan in their first Arsenal start.Wales midfielder Ramsey completed their treble in the second half and the only angst for Gunners boss Arsene Wenger was the sight of goalkeeper Petr Cech limping off injured.Sixth placed Arsenal are now five points behind fourth placed Chelsea , who face Watford on Monday , in the race to qualify for next season 's Champions League via a top four finish.Wenger had bemoaned Arsenal 's defending in their wretched 3-1 loss at Swansea on Tuesday , but the two changes they made were both attack minded as Aubameyang and Mkhitaryan came in.Aubameyang replaced misfiring France striker Alexandre Lacazette , who has only one goal in their last 12 appearances.Lacazette had been Arsenal 's record signing until the Aubameyang swoop , but while they have struggled to live up to expectations , Aubameyang quickly set about repaying their hefty transfer fee — with help from an old friend.Mkhitaryan was making their home debut after arriving from Manchester United as part of the deal that sent Alexis Sanchez to Old Trafford.Mkhitaryan rarely showed their best form with United , but they and Aubameyang had formed a deadly double act during their time at Dortmund and they were back in the groove as Arsenal took a sixth minute lead.When Aubameyang slipped a pass into Mkhitaryan , the midfielder whipped over a superb cross that invited Ramsey , timing their run perfectly , to slot past Jordan Pickford from close-range for their first goal since October.Mkhitaryan went close to doubling Arsenal 's lead moments later with a fierce strike that whistled wide from the edge of the area.Lethargic Everton were unable to stem the tide and Wenger 's men did n't have to wait long to claim their second goal in the 14th minute.Shkodran Mustafi met Mesut Ozil 's corner with a header toward the far post , where Koscielny stooped to head home from close-range.Everton 's dismal display was ruining Sam Allardyce 's 500th match as a Premier League manager and there was worse to come in the 19th minute.Afforded time and space by Everton 's statuesque rearguard , Ramsey unloaded a 25-yard strike that took a deflection off Toffees debutant Eliaquim Mangala on its way past the wrong-footed Pickford.With Arsenal threatening every time they went forward , Aubameyang , who also scored on their Bundesliga debut , was able to join the party in the 37th minute.Mkhitaryan 's pass split the Everton defense and , although Aubameyang looked offside , the linesman 's flag stayed down as the debutant clipped a deft finish over Pickford.It was another remarkable goal blitz from Arsenal , who scored four times in the first 22 minutes of their previous home league game against Crystal Palace.Everton 's capitulation made it a depressing return for Theo Walcott , who was subbed midway through the second half of their first return to Arsenal since their January transfer.Dominic Calvert-Lewin got one back for Everton with a 64th header , but there was still time for Ramsey to strike again with a low finish from Mkhitaryan 's pass in the 74th minute .
According to Jalisco state prosecutors , their car broke down during the trip and they were later kidnapped by at least six people who tortured and killed them .
“ Subsequently their bodies were dissolved in acid so that no trace of them remained , ” the state prosecutor 's office said .
The state prosecutor in Jalisco , Raul Sanchez , said that two people had been arrested so far in the investigation .
Prosecutors said the youths were confused with members of another gang by gunmen from the Jalisco New Generation Cartel , which has become the most powerful in Mexico , according to U.S. authorities .
Criminal groups in Mexico often kidnap , torture , dismember and even dissolve their victims in acid , and the remains are often dumped in clandestine graves .
Relatives and friends of three missing students from the University of Audiovisual Media , take part in a demonstration in Guadalajara , Jalisco State , Mexico , Ulises Ruiz / AFP - Getty Images
The three film students join a growing list of young adults and other people who have gone missing in recent years .
As of Feb. 28 , over 5,000 people have gone missing in Jalisco . As reported by a local publication , 36 percent of all people missing are 16 to 28 years old — meaning that a third of all the disappeared in Jalisco are young people like Javier Salomón , Marco Ávalo and Daniel Díaz .
In 2014 , the case of 43 missing student teachers in the southern state of Guerrero attracted national attention after a group of nearly 100 students from the Ayotzinapa Teachers College were ambushed by local police on Sept. 26 of that year — leaving six dead .
The case spurred protests in Mexico and internationally , as well as calls for the Mexican government to investigate . The government said the students had been kidnapped by police who handed them over to a criminal group that killed them and burned their bodies .
The families of the 43 victims are still demanding answers .
International observers objected to the government 's investigation and the case shook the administration of President Enrique Peña Nieto , who has seen their popularity decline sharply amid corruption allegations and a spike in violence .
More than 25,000 people were murdered last year in Mexico . Homicides hit their highest level in records going back 20 years .
Actress And Akwa Ibom S.A On Tourism , Ini Edo Shares Vacation Photos
Nollywood actor and Special Adviser to the Akwa Ibom State Governor , ini Edo shared on their page photos from their vacation . The actor who is in Dubai shared lovely photos with their fans including one in which they were captured kissing a dolphin . They also took time off to visit the famous Burj Al Arab…
The post Actress And Akwa Ibom S.A On Tourism , Ini Edo Shares Vacation Photos appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SANTA ROSA — Authorities are investigating whether a suspected drunken driver is responsible for a hit-and-run crash that killed a Northern California woman 's two miniature horses .
The Press Democrat reports ( http : //bit.ly/2ohUzxb ) the California Highway Patrol suspects Ronald Rennert 's vehicle was the one that plowed through a corral and struck both of the woman 's horses in Penngrove early Saturday . The animals were later euthanized .
Sgt . Andrew Henkens says car parts matching the Oakland man 's Honda CRV were found at the crash site and the vehicle had front-end damage that included tufts of animal fur .
Police say an officer arrested Rennert later that day after spotting them swerving their vehicle on a roadway in nearby Petaluma and noticing the damage to the car . Police say they appeared intoxicated .
The incident remains under investigation .
___
Information from : The Santa Rosa Press Democrat , http : //www.pressdemocrat.com
BUCHAREST , Romania — Romanian lawmakers on Monday approved changes that critics say will weaken the European Union member 's efforts to root out high-level corruption .
Parliament voted 167-70 Monday to change a law that obliges public officials to declare their assets and regulates conflicts of interest . Lawmakers banned from holding office due to rules violations could now see the ban lifted .
Lawmakers also approved a law obliging judges and prosecutors to pay financial damages for judicial errors made “ in bad faith or grave negligence , ” which critics say could make them wary of prosecuting or issuing rulings .
Judges who are subject to a criminal investigation will no longer be automatically suspended , while they will also be banned from making “ defamatory ” comments about state institutions , a move they say will strip them of having a legitimate voice .
Opposition lawmakers whistled as the laws were approved , while members of the left-wing governing coalition cheered .
Parliament 's upper house , the Senate , still needs to approve the legislation which will then be sent to President Klaus Iohannis to sign into law . A critic of the changes , the president could send the legislation back to Parliament .
Thousands of Romanians have protested against the proposals saying they will make it harder to punish high-level corruption .
Some 4,000 judges and the European Commission have also opposed the proposals .
ROME — Italy 's president , who is holding and playing a key card in the nation 's fast-evolving political crisis , was a timid law professor abruptly thrust into public life when the Mafia gunned down their brother on a Sicilian street in 1980 .
In the decades since , Sergio Mattarella has developed a reputation as a principled politician who has transformed what was viewed as a mainly ceremonial office into the dynamic role of defender of Italy 's place in Europe .
Mattarella , 76 , a former parliamentary law professor and constitutional Court jurist , came under verbal attack this week from their country 's populist politicians — and citizens who want them to take power . They allege the president is thwarting the will of the people as expressed at the ballot box on March 4 .
Earlier this week , Luigi Di Maio , who leads Parliament 's largest party , the euro-skeptic 5-Star Movement , raised the spectre of impeaching Mattarella . The threat came after the president refused to submit to populist demands to appoint , as economy minister , an advocate of a backup plan for Italy 's exit from the euro currency .
Mattarella stood their ground , as did Di Maio and fellow populist Matteo Salvini , who demanded the euroskeptic economy minister be part of what would have been the nation 's first populist government . As head of state , the president has constitutional authority to name the premier and approve new ministers .
Their refusal to bow to pressure reflects their character and courage of convictions , those who have followed Mattarella 's career say .
Mattarella is someone “ with strong , deep values , ” said Sergio Fabbrini , director of the school of government at Rome 's private LUISS university . “ His family was a bourgeois family that stood up to the Mafia and refused to compromise ” with the powerful organization based in Sicily .
In their native Palermo , Mattarella and their family were ready for Epiphany Day Mass in 1980 , when their older brother , Piersanti , then governor of Sicily , was assassinated in their car on one of the city 's most elegant streets . Sergio Mattarella rushed to the car , cradling their brother , still breathing , in their arms .
Until that moment , the future president “ had been a shy law professor , ” said Paolo Pagliaro , an Italian journalist . “ That day signalled the start of the public life of Sergio Mattarella . ”
Three years later , Mattarella entered Parliament . In some ways , they seemed the classic Christian Democrat , stressing moderation and compromise . Their politics tilted toward the centre-left .
But as they climbed the political ladder , Mattarella also left no doubt that on some matters , there could be no compromise .
In 1990 , they quit their post as education minister to protest a law that helped to pave the way for Silvio Berlusconi to assemble a media empire , including all three of Italy 's main private TV networks .
That decade saw the main political parties , including the Christian Democrats , swept from power by the Clean Hands corruption probes .
“ All the public institutions were shaken . The only institution that guaranteed the state was the president of the Republic , ” Fabbrini said in a telephone interview .
The head of state is elected by Parliament and serves a seven-year term .
The new prestige translated into a growing role for Italy 's head of state , which developed into “ a sort of guarantor of internal equilibrium and the reference point for European politics , ” they said .
Thus , Mattarella , who was serving as a constitutional Court judge before being elected president in 2015 , not only defends the 1948 Constitution , but European constitution as well , said Fabbrini .
Mattarella 's willingness to accommodate different viewpoints — but also to draw lines they wo n't cross — ultimately played out in the current political crisis .
In rebuffing the populists ' demands , Mattarella evoked a sense of justice , describing how the markets ' turmoil was eroding Italians savings and driving up business loan costs .
The populist narrative , Fabbrini said , depicts institutions like the presidency as “ the bastion of the elite ” and the “ enemy of the people . ”
In a critical moment , Mattarella crafted an alternative narrative .
——
Frances D'Emilio is on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/fdemilio
With many manufacturers unclear about how to implement digital production technologies , Emerson has launched a consulting service designed to help them develop a roadmap for digital investment and successfully implement the change management needed to realize the benefits of the new technology and operational practices .
Emerson 's Operations Consulting Group will combine the company 's expertise in its own products such as wireless sensors and Internet of Things applications with its experience implementing new technologies in facilities . The company announced the new group October 3 at its Emerson Exchange event in Minneapolis .
Emerson officials say smart technologies allow companies to obtain real-time information not just on production processes but to improve performance parameters such as safety , energy consumption and emissions .
“ We have quantified the opportunity in each industry and it is Emerson 's mission to help customers target these losses with scalable plans to recover what some call ‘ dead money ' in their plants , ” said Thomas Waun , general manager for the new consulting arm of Emerson Automation Solutions .
Emerson drew on research conducted with IndustryWeek in assessing the issues with IIoT implementation . In a survey of manufacturing executives , 60 % reported having IoT pilot projects under way but only 5 % had a clear business case justification . Respondents said barriers to progress included : company culture ( 47 % ) , lack of a clear business case ( 41 % ) , and a lack of clarity on which technology path to take ( 34 % ) .
The consulting group will have more than 100 industry consultants who will help manufacturers . Emerson said they will be supported by more than 5,000 project and applications engineers .
At the Emerson Exchange event , company leaders said the era of operational gains from efficiency programs was drawing to a close as these programs are offering diminishing returns . Automation , Waun asserts , offers “ the highest impact lever to both accelerate and sustain behavior change and deliver results . ”
Emerson officials say their deep industry expertise will give them a leg up on existing management consulting firms . They claim such firms “ lack the specialization and resources for end-to-end execution required to fully realize a successful digital transformation , frequently providing guidance without the ability to deliver . ”
Mets trade for Jon Niese , who 's got some apologizing to do Jon Niese talked a little trash after leaving the Mets in December and may now have to answer for it . The veteran lefty was reacquired by the Mets on Monday ...
Mets report card : Cespedes , Thor shine , but no NL beast Simply , the Mets were a dysfunctional unit offensively in the first half . A lineup loaded with power averaged only 3.81 runs , placing it 28th in scoring in the major leagues ....
Mets ready to go fishing for bullpen help on trade market The Mets will consider most options heading toward the Aug. 1 non-waiver trade deadline , but their primary target is another bullpen arm . Of course , the Mets still may need another ...
Frustrated Bastardo harps on 'rhythm ' after latest blowup ATLANTA — Mets lefty reliever Antonio Bastardo admitted they have had some good days . And a lot of bad ones . Like Sunday . Bastardo came on in the eighth inning and ...
Antonio Bastardo Houdini 's Mets out of jam and into win SAN DIEGO — For their next trick , Antonio Bastardo will skydive without a parachute . The veteran reliever probably felt as if they could pull off that stunt Sunday , after walking ...
Scout not buying Mets ' surprisingly lights-out bullpen If this is a mirage , the Mets can only hope it 's not close to disappearing . Despite questions about the bullpen heading into the season , that unit has been a Mets ...
Mets ' ring ceremony lures forgotten cast back to Citi Field Michael Cuddyer was thrilled to receive an invite to the party . The former Mets outfielder was among those who attended the team 's private ceremony Thursday , in which NL championship rings ...
Five things must happen for Mets to win the World Series Here are five things that need to occur for the Mets to win the World Series : 1 . Reach the playoffs You ca n't win the big prize without first reaching the ...
Matt Harvey not only worrying leak as Mets wrap putrid camp PORT ST. LUCIE — Clean it up , Mets . After getting whacked by the Nationals , 12-1 , Wednesday at Tradition Field , ending their Grapefruit League season with zero wins in their final ...
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Johnny Depp and Amber Heard made an apology video in 2016 after being embroiled in a tit-for-tat with Barnaby Joyce
It was a free shot that proved too irresistible to pass up .
When Australian Deputy PM Barnaby Joyce was revealed to be a New Zealand dual citizen on Monday - possibly in violation of constitutional rules - social media users joked about what Amber Heard and Johnny Depp might think .
The actors were famously targeted by Mr Joyce for breaking rules of their own : failing to declare their dogs , Pistol and Boo , to Australian officials in 2015 .
Mr Joyce had threatened to have the dogs put down , prompting Heard and Depp to release a stilted apology video for defying the biosecurity laws of Australia - which they called `` a wonderful island '' .
The saga made headlines around the world and was widely enjoyed online , where it was dubbed the # WarOnTerrier .
So it was probably no surprise that Mr Joyce 's citizenship snafu - which is bound for Australia 's High Court - generated clamour of its own .
Skip Twitter post by @ eilidh_jax Can we please make Barnaby Joyce do a Johnny Depp/Amber Heard style apology video b/c I 'm all in for it . — Eilidh Jackson ( @ eilidh_jax ) August 14 , 2017 Report
Skip Twitter post by @ JamColley [ HIGH COURT JUDGE places one jar of Vegemite and one jar of Marmite on the table ]
[ BARNABY JOYCE starts sweating profusely . ] — Colley ( @ JamColley ) August 14 , 2017 Report
During the debate over the dogs , Mr Joyce stressed that the actors would not receive special treatment because of their high profile , and must obey the law .
`` The consequences of a disease outbreak could have been terrifying , '' they wrote when sharing the pair 's apology video on their Facebook page .
Last year , Heard avoided a conviction after pleading guilty to making a false statement on their immigration card .
On Tuesday , they chimed in on Mr Joyce 's difficulty - to effectively have the last laugh .
`` When @ Barnaby_Joyce said `` no one is above the law '' I did n't realize they meant New Zealand law ... '' they tweeted .
Skip Twitter post by @ realamberheard To comfort Mr. Joyce in their hour need , I have sent them a box of New Zealand 's finest kiwi fruit ( assuming this passes their biosecurity laws ) pic.twitter.com/lQHJzMyXT9 — Amber Heard ( @ realamberheard ) August 15 , 2017 Report
Them tweets were well shared , receiving both applause and criticism .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , Mr Joyce has not responded .
Panthers unhappy about video board antics during loss to Bucs
Carolina Panthers kicker Graham Gano missed three of their four field goal attempts in Sunday 's loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers . Did the stadium video board operator have something to do with that ?
After the game , Gano complained about the Bucs showing live footage of their kicks on the video board behind the goal posts they were kicking . The board displayed a solid red background when Tampa Bay kicker Roberto Aguayo lined up to kick , and Gano did not think that was a coincidence .
“ You look out there , there 's two ( sets of ) uprights you 're looking at , ” Gano explained , via Joseph Person of the Charlotte Observer . “ I know the league talked to them about it before when we played here a couple years ago . So it 's a bit bush-league . But once again , it 's not a reason why I performed poorly . It just adds another element . ”
A league official confirmed on Sunday night that using a video board to distract an opposing team 's kicker is against the rules . In addition to the live video issue , officials had to stop the game before one of Gano 's kick attempts because of loud feedback coming through the stadium PA system . Gano missed a 45-yard kick after play resumed .
“ There were a lot of things going on with the kicks today , ” they said . “ I think a horn sounded on one of them . But it 's still my job at the end of the day to put the ball through the uprights . ”
Panthers coach Ron Rivera also took issue with something the video board operator at Raymond James Stadium did . Linebacker Thomas Davis avoided a penalty for knocking Bucs receiver Russell Shepard to the ground after a play , and the video board operator showed the replay in slow motion twice . Of course , the fans booed mercilessly .
“ Well , first of all I think that 's bush-league , to show that play up on the screen , ” Rivera said . “ What are we trying to incite here ? Let 's not do that . That 's got no place in the NFL , as far as I 'm concerned . … I do n't think you put that type of play up on the screen . I do n't think that 's right . ”
Carolina could have sent the game to overtime , but Rivera chose to go for two and the win instead of tying the game at 17 late in the fourth quarter .
Did the Bucs video board operator also have something to do with these major issues earlier in the year ? Perhaps an investigation needs to be launched .
H/T Pro Football Talk
Follow @ insidefutbol
Fixture : Manchester United vs Huddersfield Town
Competition : Premier League
Kick-off : 15:00 ( UK time )
Manchester United have revealed the team that will play host to Huddersfield Town in a Premier League clash at Old Trafford this afternoon .
Jose Mourinho has given up on the title given the gap to leaders Manchester City , but the Portuguese believes positives can still be drawn from the league campaign , meaning they want the Red Devils to finish as high as possible .
The Manchester United manager is without long term injury absentees Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Eric Bailly , while Marouane Fellaini has a knee injury , suffered in midweek .
Mourinho has David de Gea in goal , while in defence they pick Chris Smalling and Marcos Rojo as the centre-backs . Nemanja Matic plays and will look to protect the backline , while Juan Mata , Jesse Lingard and Alexis Sanchez are behind Romelu Lukaku .
A bench full of options are at Mourinho 's disposal if they need to make changes , including Paul Pogba and Anthony Martial .
Manchester United Team vs Huddersfield Town
De Gea , Valencia , Smalling , Rojo , Shaw , Matic , McTominay , Mata , Lingard , Sanchez , Lukaku
Substitutes : Romero , Lindelof , Young , Carrick , Pogba , Martial , Rashford
A 24-year-old Bethlehem Township woman was arraigned over the weekend on charges from a July 28 robbery in Easton , court papers say .
Ashley Esprit Balshi , of the 3200 block of Darien Road , surrendered just before noon Saturday at the city police station , Capt . David Beitler said .
Balshi appeared at 12:55 p.m. Saturday before District Judge James Narlesky on charges of robbery , theft and simple assault , authorities say . They were sent in lieu of $ 20,000 bail to Northampton County Prison , where they remained on Monday , records show .
MORE : Man with gun holds up deliveryman
About 5 p.m. July 28 , a passerby told an Easton officer on patrol Downtown that they saw a `` disturbance '' at Fifth and Ferry streets , court papers say . Officers found the victim who told police two women -- Balshi and Michelle Blocker , 46 , of Easton -- entered 55 S. Fifth St. and struck them several times in the face and body , police said .
Blocker dumped the contents of the victim 's purse on a bed and Balshi and Blocker went through the items , police said . They took a cellphone , a $ 50 bill and a gold cross , the victim told police , according to court papers .
In addition to a small laceration above their left eye , the victim had bruising on their left shoulder and left bicep , police said .
Blocker , who remains free , faces the same charges , police said .
Balshi 's preliminary hearing is tentatively scheduled 9 a.m. Aug. 25 in District Judge Antonia Grifo 's Downtown court .
Court papers did n't list an attorney for Balshi .
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow them on Twitter @ TonyRhodin . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
NEW YORK — Baseball is timeless . Is the Baseball Rule ?
The century-old legal doctrine blocks fans from suing a ball club if they get hurt by a foul ball or a shattered bat . The reason : Fans accept the risk of injury at a ballgame because they know batters will occasionally rocket balls into the grandstands .
Fresh off the New York Yankees ' playoff-game win against the Minnesota Twins , a New York appeals court this week considered a lawsuit that is testing whether the Baseball Rule is now obsolete .
The plaintiff , a lawyer for a private equity fund who was badly injured by a Yankee Stadium foul ball in 2011 , says the doctrine should no longer apply because of distractions such as scoreboards showing replays and the extra risk in seats that are closer-than-ever to the playing field . They want the court to scale back the rule and reinstate their negligence lawsuit .
The argument , two weeks after a foul line drive at Yankee Stadium sent a toddler to the hospital , came amid heightened attention to ballpark safety . Following a drumbeat of reports about fan injuries , Major League Baseball in 2015 suggested that teams extend protective netting up to the start of the two teams ' dugouts . Since then , about one-third of the league 's 30 clubs provided netting to the ends of the dugouts , and some , such as the New York Mets , have gone even farther into the outfield .
The Yankees said on Sunday they would “ significantly expand ” their netting next season . Even with that , however , the lawsuit aims to undermine the Baseball Rule , a development that could cost teams money in legal costs and settlements , as well as spur teams across the country to install nets and adopt other safety measures .
“ A loss would force them to put the fans ' safety before their own financial interests , ” said Bob Gorman , a retired university librarian who has written a book on baseball-related deaths and injuries .
The suit was brought by Andrew Zlotnick , a real estate lawyer and lifelong Yankees fan who on Aug. 25 , 2011 , was watching the team play the Oakland Athletics with their 12-year-old son and their son 's two friends . The Yankees played in a steady downpour , eager to finish the game as a hurricane approached , Zlotnick 's lawyer said in a legal brief .
Zlotnick was seated a few rows from the field and about 200 feet from home plate , along the right-field line . Trying to stay dry , fans huddled under umbrellas , limiting Zlotnick 's view . In the bottom of the third inning , they were hit by a line-drive off the bat of an Oakland hitter .
“ It was like Bam ! I just got hit with a missile in the side of the head , ” they said .
Zlotnick needed surgery to repair their eye socket , saddling them with US $ 25,000 in unreimbursed medical costs , and they were left with permanent damage to their vision . Along with advocating for greater fan safety , they sued the Yankees and Major League Baseball , saying the team made the game more dangerous by playing in the heavy rain and permitting umbrellas to block fans ' views . A Bronx judge threw the case out , saying Zlotnick knew the risk and citing the state 's version of the Baseball Rule .
Under the rule , ballpark owners need only provide screening behind home plate , with enough room for fans who choose to sit there . Anyone outside the screened area — along the baselines , behind the dugout or in the outfield — is considered to have assumed the risk of injury from foul balls , errant throws and broken bats , said Roger Abrams , an expert on sports law at Northeastern University School of Law . A few states have rejected the rule , but most that have considered it , including New York , follow it .
Zlotnick 's main argument centres on the Yankees ' failure to police fans using umbrellas in the stands . But he 's also attacking the Baseball Rule , urging the court to narrow it or reject it entirely . They advance a “ distraction theory ” of liability , saying that “ promotions , large screen televisions , jumbotrons , replay cameras , parks , recreations and bars ” all divert spectators ' attention and place them at greater risk .
“ Given the change in baseball , with more powerful batters and pitchers throwing and striking balls with greater velocity and force , adhering to outdated screening methods that no longer provide necessary protection for spectators makes little sense , ” Zlotnick 's lawyer wrote .
Lawyers for the Yankees and Major League Baseball defend the rule , which some trace to a 1908 decision in Michigan . They say there has been no “ fundamental change in the game ” that would justify abandoning of the doctrine .
As a longtime baseball fan , Zlotnick “ was fully aware of the risks of attending a baseball game , ” Andrew Kaufman , a lawyer for the Yankees and the league , told a panel of four judges who heard 12 minutes of arguments Wednesday . The judges did n't say when they will rule on the appeal .
One of the judges expressed skepticism about Zlotnick 's attempt to avoid the Baseball Rule , suggesting they may have better luck with the argument in the state 's highest court .
Left unsaid in the case is that many fans object to the net , saying it compromises the view from some of the best — and most expensive — seats in the stadium .
As another court wrote in 2001 , “ There is inherent value in having most seats unprotected by a screen because baseball patrons generally want to be involved with the game in an intimate way and are even hoping that they will come in contact with some projectile from the field ( in the form of a souvenir baseball ) . ”
The only MLB team to be directly affected by the case will be the Yankees , but the ruling may influence courts elsewhere . The eventual loser could appeal the decision from the mid-level appeals court to New York 's top court , which sets statewide standards .
Gorman said they believe teams ' reliance on the Baseball Rule has discouraged owners from pursuing safety improvements . Courtroom wins in cases such as Zlotnick 's can only help , they said .
“ If they start losing cases , believe me , they 'll put up the netting , ” they said .
New York City said Friday it is suing the state “ within days ” for withholding $ 380 million in federal funds to its cash-starved municipal hospital system .
The funding fight is just the latest disagreement between Mayor de Blasio and Gov . Cuomo . The mayor appoints the CEO and governing board of Health+Hospitals , which oversees 11 public hospitals and a network of medical clinics throughout the city .
Health+Hospitals will file the lawsuit in state court next week , said mayoral spokesperson Freddi Goldstein .
It will claim that the Cuomo administration is sitting on $ 380 million in federal funds for services Health+Hospitals has already provided to uninsured and other needy patients .
In a conference call with reporters , de Blasio budget director Dean Fuleihan and interim Health+Hospitals CEO Stan Brezenoff claimed Albany has no right to keep the funds .
“ There are no state dollars involved , ” Fuleihan said .
Brezenoff said Health+Hospitals only has 13 days of cash on hand , $ 255 million , and cutbacks to make up for the loss of revenue “ will impact services to patients . ”
“ Nothing is off the table , ” said Brezenoff .
They said Health+Hospitals may have to reduce the number of doctors through attrition .
In response , Cuomo blamed the federal government .
“ We know the city prefers political theater to governing , but a more productive action would be to sue the federal government since they are making these devastating cuts , or if it actually cared about patient care , to use its funds to improve the hospital network that it owns , ” said Cuomo spokesperson Dani Lever .
“ In the meantime , the state continues to call on Congress to restore this federal funding and the city should stop with the distractions and be part of the solution . ”
A GOP lawmaker said Wednesday that the alleged gunman in a shooting at a congressional baseball practice that wounded five asked whether “ Republicans or Democrats ” were on the field shortly before the attack in Virginia .
Rep. Ron DeSantis , ( R-Fla. ) , told CNBC that a man came up to them and Rep. Jeff Duncan , ( R-S.C. ) , at the practice and asked if the players on the field were Republicans or Democrats .
“ We both agreed that that individual who came up to us and asked if it was Republicans or Democrats ... is the same individual police have identified , '' DeSantis said . `` That picture is the same guy that we saw . ”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Congressman : Suspected Shooter Asked Us If We Were Dems or GOP 3:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The man approached them and Duncan in their car and asked who was playing , and Duncan responded that they were Republicans , DeSantis said .
“ We both kind of shrugged it off , by the time we got back to the Hill when news broke we immediately called each other and said that guy was ... we 've got to report that , ” they said .
Duncan told reporters , `` I actually left right before the shooting happened and had an interaction with , who I believe , was the shooter based on the profile that I saw on TV . I have given a statement to the Alexandria Police Department this morning .
`` After I heard about the shooting , they asked me to come down there because I did have an interaction with someone in the parking lot who asked me if the team practicing was a Democratic or Republican team , '' they added . `` I told them they were Republicans . They said , 'Ok , thanks . ' [ He ] turned around . I got into the car and left to find out my Republican colleagues were targeted by the active shooter . ''
Senator Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) said in a statement he 'd been told the shooter had `` apparently volunteered '' on their 2016 presidential campaign . “ I am sickened by this despicable act , ” Sanders said . “ Let me be as clear as I can be . Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms . ”
Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas , center , and other members of the Republican Congressional softball team , stand behind police tape of the scene of the shootings in Alexandria . Cliff Owen / AP
PHOTOS : Gunman Opens Fire at Republican Baseball Practice
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among five people wounded during the Wednesday morning shooting . Scalise was transported to a hospital in Washington , D.C. , where they were in stable condition .
Federal law enforcement officials identified the suspected shooter to NBC News as James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , from Belleville , Illinois . President Donald Trump announced that the suspect had died .
`` Prior to entering surgery , the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to their wife by phone , '' Scalise 's office said in a statement . `` He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police , first responders , and colleagues . ''
Two Capitol Police officers were also wounded in the incident with non-life threatening injuries .
Related : Virginia Shooting Witness : 'It Was A Firefight ' on Baseball Field
DeSantis also described the incident on MSNBC and said they and Duncan decided to leave the practice early Wednesday morning to beat traffic .
“ We left the field probably a little after 7 o'clock , the rest of the guys were still out their practicing , ” they said .
James Hodgkinson was charged in 2006 with assaulting their girlfriend . The charges were later dismissed . Illinois police
DeSantis also said they believed their could have been more injuries or possibly deaths if Scalise had not been present , because as a member of congressional leadership they had their Capitol Police security detail with him .
`` Had Steve just not decided to come to practice this morning , that shooter was there I think you 're looking at way more people wounded and probably some people who would have been killed because you would have had members of Congress and congressional staff out on baseball diamond with no way to really defend themselves , '' they said .
Most people familiar with `` face-swapping '' know it as an innocuous social media feature . An algorithm captures a person 's face and pastes it onto someone else 's . The result is rarely seamless and often funny .
But as it grows more sophisticated , that technology has taken a sinister turn : It 's now become easier to superimpose the faces of celebrities onto those of actors in pornographic films , resulting in highly-realistic fake videos .
Deepfakes , as the digital form is called , takes its name from the Redditor `` deepfakes , '' the first person known to create these fake porn videos . Celebrities Daisy Ridley , Gal Gadot and Taylor Swift are among deepfakes ' early victims .
Samantha Cole , an editor at Motherboard , who first reported on the trend , tells NPR 's Scott Simon that the videos are created using a machine-learning algorithm , which is trained by processing hundreds of photos of an individual 's face .
`` Someone takes a dataset of one person 's face — and a lot of pictures of that person 's face — and then a video that they want to put it on , '' Cole says . `` And they run a machine-learning algorithm , train it on these two images , and after a few hours , gives you the result , which is , these very realistic , fake porn videos . ''
So , while well-photographed actors and actores are easy targets , as the technology quickly becomes more advanced and accessible , not-so-famous faces are worried where they might show up online .
That 's the talk of Reddit threads right now , Cole says , `` Whether this can be done with people that they know or scraped from Facebook images or Instagram . It 's definitely possible , if you have enough images of someone . ''
In fact , a new , user-friendly tool , FakeApp , democratizes the technology . FakeApp allows anyone to generate fake videos with their own datasets . Deepfakes enthusiasts have been inserting into movies the Internet 's favorite face : Nicolas Cage .
Legally , though , this quickly-advancing technology has been outpacing the law . `` It 's all very hazy right now , '' Cole says . `` Celebrities could sue for misappropriation of their images , like when you use a celebrity 's face for an ad without their permission . But the average person has little recourse . Revenge porn laws do n't include the right kind of language to cover this kind of situation . ''
Similar technologies have already stirred fears . Last year , journalist Nick Bilton considered the implications of adding two new manipulative mediums . They pointed to a video demonstrating technology researchers developed that allowed them to manipulate the facial expressions of world leaders , including Presidents Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin .
If fabricated text-based stories can snowball into events like PizzaGate , they suggested , they left the door open for the consequences that could play out on an international stage when bad actors latch onto this technology .
`` Celebrities and porn performers are two groups of people that have lots of images of themselves publicly so they 're easy targets for this , but so are politicians , '' Motherboard 's Samantha Cole says . `` It 's going to be difficult trying to suss out all of this in an era of fake news . ''
War over North Korea nukes is avoidable : UN chief UNITED NATIONS — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Tuesday they believe war over North Korea 's nuclear weapons is avoidable — but he 's worried and “ not yet sure that peace is guaranteed. ” ...
Tillerson : Fate of Assad is in Russia 's hands Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told the UN Secretary General that the fate of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is in Russia 's hands and that the Trump administration 's priority in the ...
Behind the new UN chief 's kind words for Israel Well , here 's something fresh out of the United Nations : On Friday , the new secretary-general , Antonio Guterres , had some nice words to say about Israel . Speaking to Israel Radio , the new ...
As of early this week , the Humboldt County ( California ) Sheriff 's Office thought 22-year-old Rebekah Martinez has been missing for more than two months .
The only problem ? Martinez had been spotted by millions of people on a weekly basis .
It turns out Martinez is actually `` Bekah , '' one of the women competing for the heart of Arie Luyendyk Jr. on this season of `` The Bachelor . ''
According to the North Coast Journal , Martinez had been reported missing by their mother on Nov. 18 after they had n't heard from their daughter for six days . Martinez 's mother was able to contact their daughter the same day they filed the missing person 's report .
This is peak # TheBachelor . Not even I could make this up . Yes , that 's Bekah M .
TL , DR : a 22 year-old woman was reported missing by their mom from a marijuana farm in Humboldt County . They found them on The Bachelor . https : //t.co/2QqmcNWL33 pic.twitter.com/gzqy9CWwds — Heidi ( @ HeidiRochelle ) February 2 , 2018
According to the New York Times , officials with the sheriff 's office did n't learn that Martinez 's mother had spoken to their daughter until Dec. 12 when they followed up with an email .
However , procedure requires that sheriff 's deputies make `` direct contact '' with missing persons before they can be removed from the missing person 's list . So , for more than two months and five episodes of a hit network show , Rebekah Martinez continued to be listed as a missing person .
MOM . how many times do I have to tell you I do n't get cell service on The Bachelor ? ? https : //t.co/iYnxQCIZBt — bekah martinez ♡ ( @ whats_ur_sign_ ) February 2 , 2018
That all changed when the North Coast Journal received a comment on its Facebook page , informing reporters that Martinez was still listed as `` missing '' by the Humboldt County Sheriff 's Office . Once deputies were alerted by the Journal , Martinez was removed from the missing person 's list .
Martinez is one of 10 other women still in contention on The Bachelor .
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:02 Parts of Haiti left in ruins , says UN humanitarian coordinator
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:53 They were unable to survive , fire chief says of family of 3
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:10 Breast cancer patient says TSA 'humiliated ' them at security checkpoint
0:55 Tennessee resident who fled wildfire : `` It was like a picture of H-E-L-L . ''
I 'll sign in later
And we 'll keep you signed in .
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC ?
By Annie Reuter
Update : Drake has deleted their Instagram post .
Drake surprised the crowd at Coachella this past weekend when they joined Future for a three-song performance of “ Jumpman , ” “ Gyalchester ” and “ Fake Love ” and while they looked like they had a blast on stage , the rapper revealed that they had a much less enjoyable experience when they were racially profiled during their stay at the Madison Club .
Related : Drake , Migos Joins Future on Stage at Coachella
While the club is described as “ the most exclusive private residential community in La Quinta , California offering the finest golf and club facilities in an intimate and sophisticated setting , ” it seems that Drizzy did n't enjoy all of the amenities the joint has to offer . After their visit to the establishment , Drake slammed the Madison Club on social media .
“ The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling , ” they caption an image of the club .
Drake 's fans had their back and quickly began posting one-star ratings to the Madison Club on Yelp . If the country club did n't know who Drake was while they were staying there , they do now .
Ward spent last Friday night in hospital after dislocating their shoulder in the semi-final win over Hull FC . They went into theatre on Saturday morning to have the shoulder relocated . They have seen specialists this week and has passed a fitness test at final training on Friday morning to be included in the team for the Super League decider .
“ I am delighted to be involved tomorrow night , ” Ward said . There were a dark few hours a week ago as I thought my season was over but I would like to say a massive thank you to the nurses , doctors and specialists who helped me .
“ Our physio team at the Rhinos , Andy Barker and Ben Harper , have been brilliant with me this week to make sure that I am ready for a game as intense as a Grand Final . As a team , we are determined to make the most of the opportunity in front of us and produce our best performance of the season tomorrow night against a very good Castleford side . ”
“ We are all aware of the highs and lows Stevie has faced during their career and each has made them into the character they are today , ” Rhinos coach Brian McDermott said .
“ He has remained positive since last week and , having seen specialists , they have been cleared to play . Stevie has had to pass every test we have put in front of him , which they have done , because they would not want to put the team at risk just so they could be at a Grand Final , they want to play an integral part in the game for us . ”
A river swollen from heavy rains because of Alberto collapses a bridge as two people attempt to cross .
A river swollen from heavy rains because of Alberto collapses a bridge as two people attempt to cross .
Two people barely escaped falling into a raging river when a bridge collapsed as they were crossing . ( Source : Cuban State TV/CNN )
Two people barely escaped falling into a raging river when a bridge collapsed as they were crossing . ( Source : Cuban State TV/CNN )
2 people almost fall in to raging water when bridge collapses in Cuba
2 people almost fall in to raging water when bridge collapses in Cuba
( Nick Tomecek/Northwest Florida Daily News via AP ) . Okaloosa Beach Safety lifeguard Doug Brown instructs beachgoers on Okaloosa Island in Fort Walton Beach , Fla. , Monday , May 28 , 2018 , as Subtropical Storm Alberto approaches the Gulf Coast .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Mindy Borkson , of Hollywood , Fla. , walks through a bed of seaweed washed up along the beach , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at Dr . Von D. Mizell-Eula Johnson State Park in Dania Beach , Fla .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Mindy Borkson , of Hollywood , Fla. , walks through a bed of seaweed washed up along the beach , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at Dr . Von D. Mizell-Eula Johnson State Park in Dania Beach , Fla .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach , Fla .
MARION , N.C. ( AP ) - Mudslides triggered by the soggy remnants of Alberto forced evacuations below a dam early Wednesday and closed a highway in western North Carolina as the center of the storm lashed the nation 's midsection hundreds of miles away .
About 2,000 people were evacuated for several hours after emergency managers said the Lake Tahoma dam was in danger of `` imminent failure . '' Heavy rain triggered landslides at the dam and along Interstate 40 , which was closed near Asheville .
Engineers inspected the dam further in daylight and McDowell County officials announced in a public alert just after 10 a.m. Wednesday the dam was safe and people could return to their homes .
The evacuation was ordered because engineers wanted to play it safe until they could do more inspections after sunrise , McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones told The Associated Press .
Several schools were closed in western North Carolina because of flooding .
The center of a depression that had been Alberto was about 400 miles ( 640 kilometers ) west near Hopkinsville , Kentucky , where Sherry Key had a fitful night of sleep because of high winds and heavy rains .
`` I have dogs and they 're terribly afraid of storms , so they were on top me all night , '' said Key , an airport office manager .
Radar showed rain extended as far south as the Gulf Coast , where the storm came ashore at the Florida Panhandle on Monday , to the Great Lakes region .
Forecasters warned the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season 's first named storm were still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation 's midsection . Flash flood watches and warnings were in effect for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee , Kentucky , Illinois , the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia .
The weather service at the Greenville-Spartanburg airport in South Carolina said the rainfall of 1.76 inches ( 4.4 centimeters ) on Tuesday broke a record dating to 1976 .
In the mountains of western North Carolina , Jones said about 200 residents spent the night in three shelters , set up in Marion , Old Fort and Glenwood . They said five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues as creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rock slides closed roads .
The big , messy storm caused more than 25,000 power outages in Alabama , many of which were caused by trees rooted in soggy soil falling across utility lines .
`` We 've had a lot of rain , but we got lucky . It was a constant rain but not a heavy rain , '' said Regina Myers , emergency management director in Walker County northwest of Birmingham .
Alberto was more of a rainstorm than a wind threat , but the National Weather Service said at least one tornado had been confirmed .
The weather service said its meteorologists confirmed a weak tornado with maximum winds of 85 mph ( 147 kph ) hit an area around Cameron , South Carolina , on Monday afternoon . No one was hurt .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
49ers star linebacker Reuben Foster has been suspended without pay for the first two games of the upcoming season and fined for violating the NFL 's substance abuse policy , the league announced Tuesday .
Image copyright Merseyside Police Image caption Brett Cihlar was banned from attending football matches for six years
A football fan has been jailed and banned from matches for six years for their part in violence during a game .
Tranmere Rovers and Barrow supporters clashed in a pub near Tranmere 's Prenton Park football ground during the FA Trophy fixture in February .
Brett Cihlar , 45 , of Lincoln Street , Barrow , Cumbria was given four months in prison and a six-year match ban .
Nine other men were also banned and given suspended jail sentences , tagged curfews and community service orders .
'Idiotic actions '
Officers from Merseyside Police and Cumbria Constabulary arrested and charged the seven Tranmere supporters and three Barrow fans in April .
They were sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court on Thursday .
Supt Ian Hassall said a `` relatively small minority from both sets of spectators seemed intent on confronting each other '' during the game .
`` The police will not tolerate the selfish and idiotic actions of a few attempting to spoil a game of football that the vast majority of people went along to enjoy , '' they said .
The ten defendants ' sentences :
UM 's Demetrius Jackson expects the Canes to meet Clemson again in ACC title game UM defensive end Demetrius Jackson discusses their expectations for the 2018 season . Susan Miller Degnan ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK UM defensive end Demetrius Jackson discusses their expectations for the 2018 season . Susan Miller Degnan
Treinen Farm Courtesy Treinen Farms In In Treinen Farm 's 15-acre corn maze , you could cover six miles just trying to get out . But the tricky puzzle is n't the most impressive thing about Wisconsin 's largest maze—the artwork is . The 2017 “ Cabinet of Curiosities ” maze featured a 480-foot fossil design . For more seasonal fun , take one of these 11 best road trips for seeing fall foliage
Richardson Farm Courtesy RichardsonFarm.comThe Richardson Adventure Farm Corn Maze boasts that it 's the largest , most intricate corn maze in the world . It 's actually four small mazes that create one massive puzzle ; pick just one or take the challenge of making your way through all four . There are no dead ends , so you might cross your own path one too many times . Check out these other 6 fun fall activities to try with your family .
Cornbelly 's Courtesy Cornbelly 's Cornbelly 's has had more than 20 years to perfect the art of the corn maze , and it has n't put its efforts to waste . In addition to its Cornbelly 's has had more than 20 years to perfect the art of the corn maze , and it has n't put its efforts to waste . In addition to its crazy intricate main corn maze —which has a different theme every year , from superheroes to politics to David Archuleta—the Utah attraction has a kiddie maze , haunted maze , and even a train ride through a “ candy corn ” maze . If you 're into scary Halloween-time thrills , do n't miss the spookiest haunted hay rides in America
Content continues below ad
Conner Prairie Courtesy Conner Prairie During the rest of the year , During the rest of the year , Conner Prairie in Indiana is dedicated to showing off a prairie town experience with everything from butter churning lessons to one-room schoolhouses . During the fall , though , it has a 300,000-square foot corn maze covering seven acres of land . Not into getting lost ? You can also hop into a hot air balloon that soars more than 350 feet over the maze . Add a corn maze visit to these 28 other things you need on your fall bucket list
Happy Day Farm Courtesy Happy Day Farm You never know what you 'll get from the annual You never know what you 'll get from the annual Happy Day Farm corn maze in New Jersey ; themes have included Curious George , football , and the Civil War . If you have trouble navigating , an “ intelligent question master ” is at your beck and call . Answer their questions correctly and you 'll be rewarded with a directional hint . Do n't miss these other budget-friendly fall activities for families
Long & Scott Farms Courtesy Long & Scott Farms Thought you missed the boat on an autumn corn maze ? No worries— Thought you missed the boat on an autumn corn maze ? No worries— Long & Scott Farms keeps its seven-acre Florida corn maze open all the way into December . Headed to a certain famous Florida theme park instead ? Find out what Halloween is like at Disney parks
Content continues below ad
MILPITAS — A 46-year-old San Jose man has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a 7-Eleven clerk , police said .
The 19-year-old clerk was stocking merchandise at the store at 190 W. Calaveras Blvd . about 2:50 p.m. Friday when they were grabbed from behind and stabbed with a knife , said Milpitas police Lt. Raj Maharaj .
Get breaking news with our free mobile app . Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store .
“ It appears to be a random act , ” they said .
Maharaj said the suspect then let go of the clerk and drove away from the store .
The clerk was taken to a hospital , where they were treated “ for several non-life-threatening injuries , ” said Maharaj , adding that they appeared to be “ doing all right ” as of Wednesday .
Like our Facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from the Bay Area and beyond .
Police identified the clerk 's assailant as Noland Patrick Kalani Terlep . They were found in a parked car in the 2300 block of Canoas Garden Avenue in San Jose later that day , arrested and booked into Santa Clara County jail on an attempted murder charge , Maharaj said .
The attack was caught on surveillance camera , but police declined to release the video .
“ It 's evidence , ” Maharaj said .
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond .
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter .
Maharaj said police have not found the knife used in the alleged attack , but they are still waiting on a warrant to search Terlep 's car .
Anyone with information about the attempted homicide can contact Milpitas police at 408-586-2400 . Those wishing to remain anonymous can call 408-586-2500 or submit a tip at www.ci.milpitas.ca.gov/crimetip .
A Wigan dance music duo is hoping to make a big noise about animal cruelty worldwide after launching a new welfare organisation .
DJs Lisa Dodgson and Molly Selby , who spin the decks under the stage name Molise , have set up Be Their Voice to raise awareness of poor treatment of dogs and other animals around the globe .
The two techno-musicians were moved to set up the group after visiting Morocco to play gigs and witnessing first-hand the tough lives and suffering of many animals there .
Lisa , from Winstanley , also jetted off to Thailand to help animal welfare charities try to save dogs from being snatched off the street and smuggled into the dog meat trade in the region .
Be Their Voice now wants to continue supporting efforts to stop cruelty in South East Asia and has also launched an urgent appeal for help in Jordan where strays are brutally killed in their hundreds .
Animal lovers expressed disgust after a toddler died from a rabid dog 's bite and a religious leader said killing threatening creatures in defence was permissible , only for people to take that as a fatwa or religious instruction and begin a sickening massacre of strays .
Lisa , 31 , said : “ When we went to Morocco to do gigs we saw dogs on the streets and no welfare for them . It hit us both hard . Once you 've seen it you ca n't get it out of your head .
`` I then went to Thailand to volunteer for a shelter . The dog meat trade is illegal but you can still bribe people so dogs are being stolen off the streets . You also see dogs being kept in horrendous conditions , in cages in the centre of Bangkok .
`` We 've also set up a petition to try to stop dogs literally facing horrenous slaughter in Jordan .
“ The idea is to raise awareness of what 's going on in the world , find out what help is needed and then get in contact with local charities . A lot of the guys doing these rescue missions for dogs are self-funded and they need help with vaccinations , shelters , food and other things , so we 're raising money for that . We 're also working with charities which promote neutering . ”
Lisa and Newtown campaigner Molly , 23 , have recruited four other people into Be Their Voice so far .
Lisa is hoping the organisation can grow enough to become an official charity soon and they are planning to return to Thailand next spring .
Longer-term ambitions include getting a large property with outdoor space which could be used as an adoption centre so rescued animals could be brought to the UK to find new homes . The pair also hope to combine their twin passions for music and stopping animal cruelty in the future .
Lisa said : “ We 're going to try to do something Molise and work the two things together . If we get to go back to places like Morocco we intend to do educational events and discussions as well as the gigs . We want to work with people and bring this into the public eye wherever we go . ”
For details visit https : //betheirvoice.org.uk/
Tour a Tribeca loft filled with babies and Banksys Tribeca has no dearth of art galleries , so it 's easy to imagine you 've stumbled into yet another after stepping off a freight elevator into this airy , 4,000 square-foot Laight Street ...
Donald Trump partied in this Italian prince 's bachelor pad At first glance , Federico Pignatelli 's spacious West Broadway penthouse looks like the ne plus ultra of bachelor pads . The open , 2,800-square-foot space contains everything an international playboy could desire : minimal ...
Room with a hue : Domingo Zapata 's sprawling Gramercy townhouse Artist Domingo Zapata loves their Gramercy Park triplex so much that they sometimes do n't step out of it for weeks at a time . “ When I 'm in the midst of my ...
Life with the Lhotas Joe Lhota smelled smoke . And with reason — the mac and cheese casserole was on fire . “ Tamra , Tamra ! ” they called , and their wife flew into the kitchen , their daughter , Kathryn , ...
Video
Louise Willetts had treatment that was originally used on cancer patients .
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app . The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android .
The day of thanks , gratitude , appreciation , toasts and seconds of dry turkey to remote relatives rarely heard from unless they need money — is over . Time now to bless those ...
Follow @ insidefutbol
Genoa have already identified potential replacements for Liverpool and Newcastle United target Diego Laxalt , as they feat losing the left-sided player .
The 24-year-old Uruguayan 's future has come under the scanner this summer , with big clubs from Italy and England interested in snaring them away from Genoa .
Roma and Fiorentina have been showing keen interest in the left-sided midfielder and the Premier League 's Liverpool and Newcastle have also been linked with a move for Laxalt .
Genoa remain keen to hold on to the midfielder , but are aware that with big clubs keeping tabs on him , the Uruguayan could leave by the end of the transfer window .
Therefore , the Serie A outfit are putting into place contingency plans and have been identifying targets who could potentially replace Laxalt should they leave the club this month .
According to Italian publication Il Secolo XIX , Newcastle 's Achraf Lazaar is one of the names on their shortlist , which also includes a number of Serie A stars .
Lazaar moved to Newcastle last summer from Palermo , but has struggled to make their mark in English football .
Napoli 's Ivan Strinic , Inter Milan 's Cristian Ansaldi and AC Milan 's Luca Antonelli are also names the club have been keeping tabs on going into the final weeks of the window .
At least 39 people were killed and nearly 70 injured in the mass shooting that took place in front of and inside a popular Istanbul nightclub in the first hours of New Year 's Day . The victims included citizens of Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Lebanon , Iraq , France , Tunisia , India , Morocco , Jordan , Kuwait , Canada , Israel , Syria , Belgium , Germany and Russia .
Among them was a police officer and a security guard employed to keep revelers safe , a tour guide escorting visitors during a night on the town and young adults who had traveled to Turkey for the holidays .
A look at what is known so far about the victims and their nationalities .
___
Mehmet Kerim Akyil , 23 , had traveled from Belgium to Istanbul for a New Year 's vacation . Their father , Ali Akyil , told state-run Anadolu news agency that they were a Turkish family who loved their country .
___
Bulent Sirvan Osman , 38 , a married father of two from Erbil , Iraq , was in Istanbul for business , according to Anadolu .
___
Abdullah Ahmed Abbolos , a 32-year-old Palestinian living in Saudi Arabia , had come to Istanbul to celebrate the new year , Anadolu reported .
___
Abis Rizvi from Mumbai was one of two Indian victims of the attack . The 49-year-old builder wrote , produced and directed a Bollywood movie “ Roar : The Tigers of Sunderbans , ” in 2014 aimed at spreading awareness about tigers .
The other Indian victim was named as Khushi Shah , a fashion designer from Vadodara , a city in the western Indian state of Gujarat .
___
Hatice Karcilar , a 29-year-old private security guard , was among the Turkish victims of the attack , state-run Anadolu news agency reported . They are survived by their husband and a 3-year-old daughter , it said .
___
Turkish police officer Burak Yildiz was shot and killed outside the Reina nightclub , Anadolu reported . The 22-year-old from the southern city of Mersin had been on the force for 1½ years .
___
Ayhan Arik , a 47-year-old Turkish travel agent and a father of two , was shot in the head outside the club , reported the private Dogan news agency .
___
The Lebanese Foreign Ministry identified three of its citizens among the dead as Elias Wardini , Rita Shami and Haikal Musalam . The wounded included Bushra El Douaihy , the daughter of parliament member Estephan El Douaihy , it said .
___
Leanne Nasser , an 18-year-old Arab-Israeli from the town of Tira , was celebrating with friends when the gunman broke in and opened fire . Ruaa Mansour , also 18 , was moderately wounded in the attack . Two other friends were unharmed .
___
The U.S. State Department confirmed that a 35-year-old Delaware business person originally from Chadds Ford , Pennsylvania , wounded in the attack .
William Jacob Raak told the Dogan news agency that they were in the club with nine people , seven of whom were shot . Raak suffered a leg wound .
___
France 's foreign minister says one French citizen was killed and three others wounded in the shooting .
Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said in a statement that a woman with both French and Tunisian citizenship died in the attack early Sunday . The woman 's Tunisian husband also died , they said .
___
Dubai-based broadcaster Al Arabiya reported that seven people from Saudi Arabia were killed and 10 were wounded in the attack .
___
Two people from Bavaria are among the dead , according to Germany 's Foreign Ministry .
Spokesman Martin Schaefer declined to name them , but said it appeared one was a German-Turkish dual citizen and the other was believed to have had only Turkish nationality . Three German citizens were wounded in the attack , they said .
___
Jordan 's Foreign Ministry said two of its citizens were killed and six were wounded in the attack .
___
Kuwait 's Consul-General Mohammad Fahad al-Mohammad said one Kuwaiti was killed and five others were wounded in the shooting .
You 're stuck in a traffic jam on the highway . As you creep along at a snail 's pace , you can see that there are police cars up ahead . There has been an accident , and although the cars that collided are off to the side and not obstructing the road whatsoever , each car that passes by slows down to observe the damage — and you 're no exception .
Whether it 's a tragedy we witness on our morning commute or news of natural disasters that flood our social feeds , we feel compelled to stare at the aftermath . Why ca n't we look away ? Here 's the science behind why death and destruction command our attention , and what to do to stop the news of daily disasters from becoming detrimental to your mental health .
How Our Brains React to Disaster
What happens to our brains when we see destruction ? According to Dr. John Mayer , clinical psychologist at Doctor On Demand , the process is one that actually triggers our survival instincts .
`` A disaster enters into our awareness — this can be from a live source such as driving by a traffic accident or from watching a news report about a hurricane , a plane crash or any disaster , '' they explain . `` This data from our perceptual system then stimulates the amygdala ( the part of the brain responsible for emotions , survival tactics and memory ) . The amygdala then sends signals to the regions of the frontal cortex that are involved in analyzing and interpreting data . Next , the brain evaluates whether this data ( awareness of the disaster ) is a threat to you , thus judgment gets involved . As a result , the 'fight or flight ' response is evoked . ''
Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens has halted the scheduled execution of condemned killer Marcellus Williams after DNA raised questions about their guilt .
see also Missouri set to execute inmate despite new DNA evidence Attorneys for a convicted murderer scheduled to die by lethal ...
The Republican governor said in an email Tuesday that they were issuing a stay of execution for Williams , who was convicted of fatally stabbing former St. Louis Post-Dispatch reporter Lisha Gayle during a burglary at their suburban St. Louis home in 1998 . Williams was scheduled for execution at 6 p.m. Tuesday .
The governor 's decision comes after Williams ' attorneys cited DNA evidence found on the murder weapon that matched another unknown person , but not Williams . But St. Louis County prosecutor Bob McCulloch said there was ample other evidence to convict Williams , and that there was “ zero possibility ” they were innocent .
Greitens says they will appoint a five-member board of inquiry that will include retired judges . The board will make a recommendation to the governor concerning whether Williams should be executed . No timetable has been set .
Walmart will cut prices for its online shoppers beginning next week — but only if they hop in a car and drive to a nearby store to pick up the order .
The move by the discount giant will amp up the rivalry with Amazon .
“ It costs us less to ship to our stores , ” said Marc Lore , chief executive of Walmart.com . “ So , our customers should share in those savings . ”
But some industry analysts questioned whether shoppers will bite .
“ Most people buy online because of the convenience , ” said Edward Jones analyst Brian Yarbrough . “ Now you are talking about going into a Walmart Supercenter which is not known for its convenience . Are consumers really willing to drive to the store to save a couple of dollars ? ”
On some items the discount could be worth the trip . A 70-inch Vizio SmartCast TV will see a $ 50 price cut , for example . But that Coleman Marine Cooler will be only $ 4.46 cheaper .
The new discount only applies to products available online .
Walmart , run by Chief Executive Doug McMillon , is hoping shoppers pad their online bundle with a few items they see while they are in the store , say industry experts .
More than 50 percent of online shoppers who pick up their purchases in stores buy something else while in the store , said Charle Dimov , director of marketing for OrderDynamics , a retail technology vendor .
Click here if you are having trouble viewing the photos or video on your mobile device . Want Warriors news in your inbox ? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter .
OAKLAND — LeBron James ' legacy is inextricably intertwined with Golden State after the Warriors and the Cavaliers have met in four straight NBA Finals .
So when James eventually writes the book of their life , they said he 's going to give the Warriors a nod .
“ I do n't know where they will fall in my book , but they will have a nice chapter , ” James said Wednesday .
James went on to praise the Warriors , who have won two championships over the last three years in 2015 and 2017 — and are highly favorited to beat the Cavaliers again this time around .
“ For me as a competitor , it 's fun , ” James said . “ It 's truly fun to know when I 'm done playing the game of basketball , to know I 've played against some of the greatest teams that have ever been assembled — and this is one of them .
“ They 've got four Hall-of-Famers on their team , in Klay , Dray , Steph and KD . They 've got a Finals MVP [ Andre Iguodala ] that comes off their bench . ”
James pointed out that the Warriors are oozing with talent even beyond that , including Shaun Livingston , who was the fourth overall pick in the 2004 draft , and David West , a two-time All-Star .
“ It 's just like whoever they suit up or whoever they decide to be a part of what they 've got going on over here , is just a really , really high IQ basketball player and knows how to play the game of basketball , ” James said .
James credited Warriors ' coach Steve Kerr for keeping a team with so many superstars so harmonious .
“ Their head coach is the one who puts it all together , makes it all flow , ” James said . “ To be able to put egos in the right position and spot on the floor , where everybody feels good about the outcome and things of that nature . When it comes to team sports , that 's something you hope you can be a part of . Where you 've got great guys who not only have great talent , but practice exactly how you 're supposed to practice , and then go on in a game and play it that way . ”
James is arguably one of the best players to ever play the game . He 's a three-time NBA champion , a four-time MVP , a three-time Finals MVP and a 14-time All-Star . He 's about to make their eighth straight appearance in the NBA Finals .
So , understandably , he 's going to have a lot to write about in that eventual book — they just needs to figure out where to place it .
“ What chapter will the LeBron vs. Warriors fit into my book ? ” James asked . “ I have no idea . That 's for myself and whatever writer I decide to pick . I know one of you guys would love to be [ that person ] . Probably could make a lot of money . ”
Like our Warriors Facebook page for more Warriors news , commentary and conversation .
“ Yes ” or “ No ” vote on November ballot propositions will have a major impact in Californians
October 18 , 1994
By Yolanda Reynolds
On November 8 , California and San Jose voters will have an opportunity to express their choice for State governor and other races . They will also decide on many propositions . Proposition 186 is the adoption of a single payer health plan similar to that of the State of Hawaii . Proposition 184 proposes increasing sentences of all persons convicted of three felonies and will , as well , include this provision in the State 's Constitution . Proposition 187 will deprive children , whose parents are undocumented , of health care and access to public education , among other services . Proposition 188 is an initiative pushed by tobacco interests that weaken most of the current laws in California that restrict smoking in public places . Locally there is a Measure ‘ B , ' which changes the City Charter to allow the city to set council elections any time that they wish .
On these important measures , most Hispanic leaders and many-other thoughtful voters recommend voting “ No ” on statewide Propositions 187 , 184 , 188 , and 189 . Many say “ Yes ” on Proposition 186 . The insurance and pharmaceutical companies are opposing the “ single payer health plan for California . ”
In San Jose , there are some alert voters who urge a “ no ” vote on Measure B . Another controversy regards Measure “ E , ” an advisory vote regarding a $ 25 annual parcel fee in order to support the city 's public libraries . Though there is great skepticism regarding City Hall 's true commitment to support public libraries , there are many voters who say “ well maintained libraries are fundamental in a democracy , ” and because of that , and the abysmal deterioration of the City 's libraries . that they say that they will vote yes on Measure ‘ B . '
A recent release of a poll of elected Latino officials regarding Prop . 187 shows that almost all of them are adamantly opposed to Prop . 187 . Many others who are not Latino describes this legislation as “ mean spirited. ” Older Californians remember with disgust and shame of the xenophobia that surfaced in California during the great depression of the 30 's .
William Conlon , an 80-year-old native Californian says that at that time the National Guard was sent to the border between California and the rest of the nation to keep out the migrants , front Arkansas and Oklahoma . These people , desperate for jobs were derisively called “ Okies and Arkies , ” a term , unfortunately , still used by some in reference to poor “ white , ” people .
songwriter and union activist , Willie Guthrie , memorialized this day with the heart stirring songs that made them an American folk hero . Their songs have meaning today for the workers who have been laid off in the massive “ restructuring ” of companies and whole industries in the United States that has left Unions and the workers they represent impotent .
The electorate is increasingly angered over existing economic conditions and the attendant uncertain over their future , and they say that they do not trust politicians and government officials and , sadly , often have good reason to blame them for their problems ; even though the voters share much of the blame either for not voting or not being well informed when they do vote .
Much of the popularity of some Propositions that appear before the voters , such as 187 , 184 , and 189 , appear to be citizen concerns for getting action for unattended problems whether justified or not .
But , all too often , an angry reaction is not well thought out , and these Propositions hardly offer real solutions to the perceived problems .
Responsible government officials and informed citizens say that Propositions 187 and 189 , if passed , will land in the courts and eventually before the U.S. Supreme Court . Both of these propositions contain legal provisions that are counter to existing constitutional federal and state laws .
Opposition to this law comes from both Democrat and Republican Party members . Ron Unz , a Republican who recently ran on the Republican primary ticket for California governor , is strongly opposed to Prop . 187 , the so-called SOS ( Save Our State ) Initiative . Most Democrats also oppose Prop . 187 . These Democrats do not disagree with the need for developing better control of the nation 's borders to illegal immigration .
Unz has no problem with almost unlimited immigration but they believe welfare programs should be ended . Their position seems to imply that documented immigrants are heavy users of the government welfare programs . That simply is not correct . Manuel Ares , the assistant director of Social Services for the County of Santa Clara , says that passage of Prop . 187 will have absolutely no effect on the budget of that department since “ illegal ” immigrants do not use those services .
Other electoral contests are also of importance and voters should decide who they wish to support . There are races for Lt . Governor , Secretary of State , Attorney General , and Insurance Commissioner , and for the Superintendent of Schools , among other important Statewide positions .
San Jose voters are voting for two positions which represent them in Washington D.C. , one for Senator and the other for U.S. Representative . Senator Dianne Feinstein is in the fight of their political life against a Texas oil man who has personally ﬁnanced their campaign with millions of dollars , worth of television advertisements . Feinstein has recently been successful in passing major legislation of beneﬁt to Californians ; the ban of sales of automatic weapons and the “ Desert Protection Act. ” This Act put into the National Park category , gym desert lands in southern California that were endangered from misuse .
Santa Clara County Supervisor Zoe Lofgren is in a runoff election for the opportunity to represent District 16 in the United States Congress .
At a very local level , Measure “ B ” has caused alarm . Terry Cristensen , a San Josean and Political Science Professor at San Jose State University , says that this measure will leave a detrimental effect on local council elections .
They explain that , “ currently , the city charter ties regular elections to state and national election . But because some city council members were worried about the states 1996 March primary and the long time-lag between March and November ; Measure B would give the Council the power to change the date of either the city primary or run-off so that elections would be closer together . ”
Cristensen adds , “ this may be convenient for incumbents and it might even cut costs a little ( to the candidates ) , but an extra election would be inconvenient for voters and special election. ” Even worse , they state , it would decimate voter turnout “ possibly literally , ” and even alter the outcome of elections .
Cristensen argues that , “ the electorate at special elections is not only smaller but it is “ different. ” They contend that this charter change “ is a slap in the face to the get-out-the-vote efforts of community groups , political parties , newspapers and organizations like Kids Voting . ”
Cristensen concerns is shared by many others who are alarmed at the already low amount of voter participation . According to ﬁgures gathered by Professor Cristensen , there was only 16 % in the last special election , even below the already low 22 % rate in the primary . That means that 16 % of the eligible voters are deciding the issues that affect everyone . The people that vote in these special elections tend to be more affluent , older and non-minority .
Cristensen and others urge a “ no ” vote in Measure B .
Another advisory measure , San Jose 's library parcel tax Measure E , in and of itself , is not controversial among most people even many normally anti-tax voters , want to support the public library system . The controversy over whether City Hall will indeed use this new revenue solely for the operation and maintenance of the existing library system and whether this new revenue will simply be used to supplant the existing general fund revenues that go to the City 's public libraries .
Former Councilwoman , Nancy Ianni , an ardent and long-time supporter of public libraries assured La Oferta that , should Measure E be approved , the new monies would not be used to “ leverage ” funds for the construction of a new main library that has long been talked about to replace the existing Martin Luther King Jr. main library .
Two less publicized races that will be decided next month have Latino candidates , both of whom are favored to win . The candidates , who will need every vote to do so ; are Art Torres from Southern California , who is running for State Insurance Commissioner , and Rene Navarro in San Jose , who is a Superior Court candidate .
There are also numerous school board positions , as well as several run-off elections for San Jose City Council . These positions are very important to the community and too often are cover-shadowed by the other high profile and costly statewide campaigns .
Be informed and do n't forget to vote on November 8 . Your participation is what makes a democracy work . Do not you 're your vote to others to decide what is best for you . © La Oferta Newspaper .
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) - Shih Hsin University and 13 other universities in Taiwan have allegedly sought permission from the Ministry of Education to hike tuition and fees by 2.5 percent for the 2018 academic year .
A student group at Shih Hsin University protested the plan on Wednesday , saying that combined costs for tuition and living expenses over the course of four years would exceed NT $ 1 million ( US $ 0.33 million ) after the hike .
The Alliance Against Commercialization of Education ( 反教育商品化聯盟 ) said that 14 schools , including National Taiwan University of Science and Technology and Shih Hsin , have sought permission to hike tuition and fees this year . The alliance is having a protest on Thursday at the Ministry of Education to call for a tuition freeze .
`` The ministry should allocate more budget to subsidize schools to cut tuition and fees progressively to ease the financial burden for students , '' said the alliance spokesperson .
Education Deputy Director-General Chu Hung-chang ( 朱俊彰 ) told Liberty Times that the ministry has received tuition hike applications from 10 universities , and will convene an internal audit team to review their applications and take into consideration the schools ' performance , financial transparency and scholarship availability to decide whether to approve the applications .
Chu said the decision will be made by the end of June .
The Shih Hsin student group said the 2.5 percent hike in tuition and fees will exacerbate the financial burden for students as the costs over four years combined would exceed NT $ 1 million ( US $ 0.33 million ) .
The group also accused the school of poor financial transparency as students have no knowledge of where the money was spent .
The school declined to comment on the protest , according to Liberty Times .
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Miami Heat forward Josh Richardson , left , steals the ball from Detroit Pistons center Andre Drummond during the first half of an NBA basketball game Saturday , Feb. 3 , 2018 , in Detroit . Duane Burleson AP
Image copyright WireImage Image caption Singer Betty Bonifassi agreed to cancel the remaining Slav performances
The Montreal International Jazz Festival has cancelled performances of a controversial show heavily featuring African-American slave songs .
The festival announced cancellation of the show Slav on Wednesday over criticism of cultural appropriation .
The show features a white lead artist and a mostly white cast .
The decision came a day after one musician dropped out of the festival in protest .
In a statement , the festival said its `` team has been shaken and strongly affected by all comments received '' .
`` We would like to apologise to those who were hurt . It was not our intention at all . ''
Slav , described as `` a theatrical odyssey based on slave songs '' was created by performer Betty Bonifassi and stage director Robert Lepage , known for their collaborations with Cirque du Soleil and The Metropolitan Opera in New York City .
The festival said the decision to cancel the remaining performances was made with Ms Bonifassi .
The Quebec singer has been performing slave songs for some 15 years and had previously defended the production , which was billed as a `` tribute to music as a tool for resilience and emancipation '' through traditional African-American , Serbian , Bulgarian and Métis songs .
`` People talk about whites taking black songs , '' they told the Montreal Gazette before the musical-theatre show 's premiere .
`` Uniting two colours is modern . We do n't talk about black and white in the show . We talk about human pain , experienced together . All cultures and ethnicities suffer the same . ''
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Musician Moses Sumney dropped out of Montreal International Jazz Festival in protest over Slav
The sold-out production proved to be one of the festival 's most popular but faced wide criticism and a backlash that included protests outside the theatre .
Quebec hip hop artist Aly Ndiaye , who was consulted by Mr Lepage 's production company on the project , said the show was theatrically excellent but left them `` deeply uncomfortable '' .
`` Like it or not , the question of race is at the very heart of the American slave system , '' they wrote in an opinion piece .
`` It was purged from the piece . ''
On Tuesday , American musician Moses Sumney dropped out of the festival because of its endorsement of Slav .
`` There 's nothing wrong with white people wanting to make work about slavery , '' they said in an open letter to the festival .
`` The way it is executed in this show , however , is appropriative , hegemonic , and neo-imperialistic . ''
Launched in 1980 in Montreal , Canada , the annual jazz festival is marketed as the largest such festival in the world , and attracts thousands of artists each year .
TORONTO — A 62-year-old Canadian pastor held in a North Korean prison for more than 2 1/2 years said they suspected their life sentence was commuted last week to help reduce pressure on Pyongyang .
`` I believe ( North Korean leader ) Kim Jong-un let me go as a gesture of goodwill in the face of so much rhetoric , '' Hyeon Soo Lim told a packed worship hall in a Toronto suburb on Sunday .
Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim is greeted by members of their congregation at the Light Korean Presbyterian Church in Mississauga on August 13 , 2017 after being freed from a North Korean labor camp last week . Cole Burston / AFP - Getty Images
That was their first public appearance since their release on Wednesday , during a week when Washington and Pyongyang were exchanging escalating threats of violence amid their long-running dispute over North Korea 's nuclear program . Canadian authorities have declined to discuss the negotiations that led to Lim 's release .
RELATED : Canada Confirms Pastor Hyeon Soo Lim Freed From North Korea
Wearing a baggy charcoal-gray suit and speaking in their native tongue of Korean , Lim described a harsh life of labor in solitary confinement , where they were forced to dig holes in frozen ground for two winters .
`` The mud was so hard that it took two days to dig one hole , 16 hours , '' they told hundreds of parishioners .
Pastor Hyeon Soo Lim holds their granddaughter in front of their wife Geum Young Lim as they leaf the Light Presbyterian Church in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada , August 13 , 2017 . Mark Blinch / Reuters
They said their health suffered in their first two months at the labor camp , and their weight dropped by 51 pounds , but they added that their condition had since improved .
The congregation at Light Presbyterian Church , one of Canada 's largest houses of worship , welcomed them with flowers , hugs and standing ovations .
`` Reverend Lim 's release was a miracle , work of God , '' said church founder Chai Hoon Park , who recruited Lim in 1985 . `` He escaped from the fire pit . ''
Lim sat at the front of the hall holding their 1-year-old granddaughter , who was born while they were in captivity . They appeared jubilant , thanking their congregation and the Canadian government for their support .
Rev . Hyeon Soo Lim , who was imprisoned in North Korea for more than two years , is seen reuniting with their wife Keum Young Lim as they returned to Canada . HANDOUT / Reuters
During their first year in captivity , they had no Bible , so they read more than 100 books and watched over 300 films , all of them about North Korea , they said .
They then received Korean and English Bibles , which they read five times , memorizing more than 700 verses since they were not allowed to write .
Lim was glad to be at their home church after worshiping alone for 130 Sundays , although they were grateful for an extended time of solitude with God , they said .
`` God gave me the ability to imagine , '' they said . `` When you do n't watch TV or read the newspaper , there 's a lot of time . ''
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Tumblr .
Hurricane Maria was punishing Puerto Rico on Wednesday — uprooting trees , unleashing massive flooding and even breaking two National Weather Service radars on the island .
“ This is total devastation , ” Carlos Mercader , a spokesperson for Puerto Rico 's governor , told CNN . “ Puerto Rico , in terms of the infrastructure , will not be the same . … This is something of historic proportions . ”
Gov . Ricardo Rossello warned of heavy rains and flooding but urged people to have faith .
“ We are stronger than any hurricane . Together , we will rebuild , ” they said .
So far , Maria has dumped 20 inches of rain across the island .
The El Nuevo Dia newspaper reported that an emergency medical station in the northern town of Arecibo lost its roof , and communication was severed with several emergency management stations .
People calling local radio stations reported that doors were flying off hinges and a water tank flew away in the island 's southern region .
“ There is debris flying through the air , there are bins … we 've seen trees broken off , and balconies broken off and these are substantial buildings , ” Sky News reporter Mark Austin said .
see also Hurricane Maria makes landfall in Puerto Rico Hurricane Maria slammed into Puerto Rico early Wednesday as a ...
Asked if the island had been evacuated , Austin said there were still many people inside their homes .
“ I 've got to tell you that many of the homes in Puerto Rico just will not stand this , ” they said .
“ The other problem here is that they 've just been through Hurricane Irma so there is already serious damage . Puerto Rico is also going through the most terrible of economic times … a decade of recession . They really do n't need this , as well . ”
Rosita Galguerra , 66 , who was riding out the storm with their husband in the Rio Piedras neighborhood of San Juan , described what they were seeing as “ incredible . ”
“ The rain is horizontal and all the trees are on the ground , ” they told the Miami Herald . “ The house is trembling — and my house is made of concrete with a concrete roof . The winds are like out of a horror movie and it 's gusts , gusts , gusts . The island is going to be completely destroyed . ”
Some streets near downtown Macon will be closed Saturday until about 10:30 a.m. for the Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure . Danny Gilleland Telegraph file photo
Follow @ insidefutbol
Inter are considering loaning midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia in an effort to snap up Tottenham Hotspur target Joao Cancelo from Valencia .
The Nerazzurri want to capture the Portuguese full-back , while Valencia are keen on a deal for Kondogbia .
Talks have been slow to progress and Valencia are struggling to be able to afford to sign Kondogbia , leading Inter to consider an exchange of loans , according to Sky Italia .
The Italians could take Cancelo on a season-long loan with a right to buy , while Kondogbia would move to Valencia on a similar arrangement .
The exact financial details , including the amount at which options to buy would be set , have yet to be agreed , but the solution is viewed by Inter as the most likely to unlock a deal for both players .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The M4 through Port Talbot is one of the stretches that will have a speed limit between two junctions
A £20m fund to improve air quality and 50mph speed limits on stretches of five main roads and motorways are being brought in to tackle emissions .
The Welsh Government wants to cut nitrogen dioxide ( NO2 ) levels on roads where they are above legal limits .
The High Court had ordered ministers to act after they failed to meet EU targets on air pollution .
The environment minister said it was about doing the `` right thing '' for the environment and people 's health .
A consultation will open on Wednesday on the plans .
The aim is to bring in temporary speed limits by June on these roads , subject to final design details :
A494 at Deeside ( from B5125 St David 's Interchange to A458 Deeside Park , 5.9km )
A483 at Wrexham ( from J5 Mold Rd to J6 ( Gresford , 2.6km )
M4 between junctions 41 and 42 Port Talbot ( extending the current 50mph section , from Baglan to Earlswood , 5km )
M4 at Newport ( to the east of J25 to J26 , 1.4km )
A470 between Upper Boat and Pontypridd ( to A4058 roundabout , 4.2km ) .
The plans also include Clean Air Zones where action is taken to reduce public and environmental exposure to airborne pollutants .
You might be interested in these stories too :
The Welsh road rated the most polluted outside London
Life on Wales ' most polluted road
How can Wales tackle air pollution ?
Image copyright Crown Copyright/BEIS Image caption This is the most recent air pollution map produced for the National Atmospheric Emissions Inventory
Road transport is a source of about a third of nitrogen oxide emissions in the UK .
How does it look across Wales ?
Five Welsh monitoring sites - Mountain Ash in Rhondda Cynon Taf , Hafodyrynys in Crumlin , Caerphilly county , M4 Junction 25 at Newport and Hafod and High Street in Swansea - exceeded the annual mean objective for nitrogen dioxide levels .
The A472 Hafodyrynys road - which has been dubbed Wales ' most polluted road - also exceeded the air quality objective for hourly mean nitrogen dioxide concentration on 60 occasions - 42 times more than allowed under EU law .
In 2016 , monitoring stations in Wales recorded 70 days with `` moderate '' concentrations of nitrogen oxide , one day with `` high '' levels and no days recorded as `` very high '' .
Aston Hill , Cwmbran , Marchlyn Mawr and Narbeth exceeded objectives for ozone on more than 10 occasions .
You can check air quality in your own area here
Image caption The A472 Hafodyrynys road in Crumlin was rated Wales ' most polluted by air quality measurements
`` This is not just about legal compliance , '' Environment Minister Hannah Blythyn told AMs . `` It 's about taking action to improve the air quality of everyone in Wales , for the health improvements this will deliver and because it 's the right thing to do . ''
But the Welsh Conservatives accused the Welsh Government of being slow off the mark .
Plaid Cymru said it was `` shameful '' it had taken a response to a High Court case to reach this point .
Analysis by Steffan Messenger , BBC Wales environment correspondent
Air pollution is thought to contribute to 2,000 deaths a year in Wales and is second only to smoking as a public health priority according to Public Health Wales .
The new speed limits are about doing something quickly to cut emissions on stretches of road where pollution has long been a problem .
But the government insists they will be temporary .
Longer term , a shift to low carbon vehicles will be needed and measures to encourage more of us to abandon our cars in favour of public transport .
We should get more detail when two consultations on air quality are published on Wednesday .
Andrea Lee , of campaign group ClientEarth , which brought the legal action in January , said the draft proposals needed to show exactly what action the Welsh Government was going to take to bring air pollution within legal limits in the shortest possible time .
`` The Welsh Government has already admitted that it has been slow off the mark in dealing with this public health crisis , '' they said . `` We will be scrutinising these draft proposals to uphold people 's right to breathe clean air across Wales . ''
The RAC said it supported clean air zones in principle but it was `` questionable '' whether reducing the speed limit to 50mph on two stretches of the M4 which were regularly subject to major jams would make a difference to pollution .
`` Slowing down traffic can help to improve flow , but if there are simply too many vehicles for the road space , then jams are still likely to occur so this is as much a question of capacity as anything else , '' said head of roads policy Nicholas Lyes .
The AA said older trucks , buses , taxis and badly serviced cars needed to be targeted and it should not be about `` demonising all diesels '' .
Edmund King , AA president , added : `` If speed limits are to be reduced on parts of the M4 in Wales it should be a flexible system that varies speeds and is inked to air quality monitoring so the speed limits are only reduced when air quality levels are exceeded . ''
Joseph Carter , of the British Lung Foundation , welcomed the announcement and that ministers wanted to `` meaningfully reduce the impact pollution has on people 's health and the environment . ''
But they said there needed to be new legislation to underpin the clean air zones to allow local authorities to implement them .
MongoDB Inc. looks to be the next big tech initial public offering after booming debuts for Roku Inc. ROKU , +5.16 % and Switch Inc. SWCH , +23.06 % , but the database-software startup could lose its “ unicorn ” status when it goes public .
In an updated Securities and Exchange Commission filing on Friday , MongoDB MDB , +0.00 % —which seeks to challenge companies like Oracle Corp. ORCL , -1.33 % with an open-sourced , subscription-based approach to enterprise database software—said it wants to sell 8 million shares in a price range of $ 18 to $ 20 . At the top of that range , MongoDB would raise $ 160 million at a valuation of less than $ 1 billion .
The New York City-based company was last valued at $ 1.6 billion by venture-capital investors , who have pumped more than $ 300 million into the company , according to The Wall Street Journal . Morgan Stanley , Goldman Sachs and Barclays are listed among the underwriters for MongoDB 's IPO . The company plans to list under the ticker symbol “ MDB ” on the Nasdaq .
MongoDB originally filed for public listing nearly two weeks before Oracle ramped up its database game , announcing a fully automated database warehousing system at half the cost of what Amazon.com Inc. AMZN , +0.68 % charges , as well as a new highly automated cybersecurity system .
Here 's what you need to know :
Revenues are rising , but so are costs
As of July 31 , the company held $ 40.8 million in cash , it said in the filing . But net losses for the past few years far surpass that . In 2015 , the company reported a net loss of $ 76.7 million on revenue of $ 40.8 million . By 2016 , losses narrowed to $ 73.5 million while revenue grew to $ 65.3 million . For the fiscal year ended 2017 , however , losses widened to $ 86.7 million as revenue jumped more than 50 % to $ 101.4 million .
MongoDB said in its filing :
Although we have not yet determined with certainty the manner in which we will allocate the net proceeds of this offering , we currently intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes , including continued investments in our product offerings , growing our customer base , expanding the subscriptions of our existing customers , driving usage of MongoDB Atlas , fostering the MongoDB developer community and expanding our international footprint .
MongoDB Atlas is the company 's database-as-a-service offering .
Do n't miss : After booming IPO , Roku thinks this is the future of the company
Business model relies on subscriptions off ‘ freemium ' product
Subscriptions account for about 90 % of MongoDB 's revenue , and most of those subscriptions stem from customers who start using the free version of the database platform and start paying to increase functionality . In its SEC filing , MongoDB said :
Many of our enterprise customers initially get to know our software by using Community Server . As a result , our direct sales prospects are often familiar with our platform and may have already built applications using our technology . We sell subscriptions directly through our field and inside sales teams , as well as indirectly through channel partners .
Open-source platforms face challenges
Open-source software offers the advantage of allowing the community to adjust or modify software to suit its needs , but from a business perspective , their margins are tighter than publishers of proprietary software . Another open-source company that went public recently was Cloudera Inc. CLDR , -3.26 % opening above its issue prices for a market cap of well over $ 2 billion . Shares ran into trouble after Cloudera 's first earnings report as a public company , as timing issues showed lower-than-expected billings for the company . Shares roared back after the next earnings report but have since gravitated back to near their IPO price since the announcement of a follow-on offering of shares .
In its filing , MongoDB said it counts among its competitors IBM IBM , -0.13 % , Microsoft MSFT , -0.27 % , Oracle and cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services , Alphabet Inc. 's GOOG , +0.58 % GOOGL , +0.49 % Google Cloud Platform and Microsoft Azure .
Read also : Five things to know about Roku as it goes public
Dual-class shares give insiders all the power
MongoDB is selling Class A shares in the offering , which are good for one vote apiece , while early investors will have Class B shares , which will command 10 votes apiece . Currently , MongoDB has just more than 136,000 Class A shares and 81.8 million Class B shares that are owned by venture capitalists and management , according to the filing .
Venture capital investors outweigh management
Sequoia Capital 's Roelof Botha owns 13.8 million Class A shares , while Flybridge Capital 's Charles Hazard Jr owns 9.5 million shares . In comparison MongoDB Chief Executive Dev Ittycheria owns 5.5 million Class A shares . Eliot Horowitz , MongoDB co-founder and CTO , owns 4.8 million Class A shares , and co-founder Dwight Merriman own 6.4 million Class A shares . Other investors include Union Square Ventures , New Enterprise Associates and T. Rowe Price .
Our Vermont friends behind “ Preservation in Pink ” define historic preservation as “ an eternally optimistic , inspiring field intent on improving present and future quality of life through the appreciation of our built and cultural heritage. ” Although we are still a long way from being a nation or a region of true historic preservationists , we are increasingly becoming more preservation-minded as the intersections between preservation and common sense , community health , good flight attendantship , and sustainability becomes better understood .
So what makes historic preservation so attractive , even irresistible ?
It 's About Beauty . People are drawn to historic buildings and communities because most are aesthetically pleasing places to live , work , and visit . This attraction grows from a deep human need to be around beauty , as also reflected in our love for great art , music , and wild places .
Historic places are attractive because they often represent high achievements in design and craftsmanship . Whether it 's the work of a great architect like William Coulter on Upper Saranac Lake , or the imagination of a talented builder like Earl Woodward in Lake Luzerne , or the much simpler vernacular structures seen on farms or in mill towns , historic buildings are well-designed , handsomely detailed , and constructed in beautiful ways rarely seen in contemporary architecture .
Our love of buildings , however , extends beyond simple aesthetics . Let us consider other motivations for loving and preserving old structures .
Buildings Connect Us to History . There are a myriad of ways that people learn about history – through conversation , literature , and by looking at photographs and art . All of these require some kind of choice and effort , but historic buildings are the everyday connection we have to our past . They are all around us ; they are the places where we grew up , the places where we worshiped , the places we 've played , worked , and studied . If we learn to view buildings as embodiments of past lives , stories , and history , we find that they have much to teach us .
In Saranac Lake , one sees the history and importance of the tuberculosis curing industry through its sanitaria , cure cottages , civic buildings , the Trudeau Laboratory , and its thriving downtown . In Moriah , the evidence of its long and rich history of iron mining is everywhere in its mill buildings , tailings piles , company-built housing , and in the once prosperous look of Port Henry . Raquette Lake 's history as a quintessential summer lake community is told through places like The Antlers and the Raquette Lake Supply Company , as well as through the work of Great Camp designer William West Durant in Camp Pine Knot and St. William 's on Long Point . Through our observations of the built environment , we find that the history of each community is written in its buildings .
Historic sites are also the best places to learn history because of this direct connection to the past . Making this connection is especially important for teaching young people . At the Penfield Homestead Museum in Ironville , you can shear sheep and spin wool ; on the grounds of the forts at Crown Point , watch 18th century soldiers drill and muster ; at the Trudeau Laboratory , learn of Dr. Trudeau 's work to cure tuberculosis ; and , at the 1812 Homestead near Willsboro , children can experience first-hand a day at school in a 19th century schoolhouse , then make candles , work in the garden , and feed farm animals .
Historic Places Foster Identity & Pride . Historic structures are very often the “ beating heart ” of a community , those buildings that give a community its identity and “ sense of place. ” Historic preservation is often misunderstood as hindering progress , rather than helping contribute to the vitality of our cities and towns . In a culture that places great importance on maintaining healthy job growth and a thriving economy , it is imperative to realize that preserving our buildings also benefits us by growing and sustaining the health and soul of our individual communities .
Think of almost any Adirondack community and you 'll quickly identify one or several such historic structures that give the area its “ soul. ” In Long Lake , it 's the Adirondack Hotel ; in Old Forge it 's the iconic hardware store ; and in Big Moose it 's the community chapel . Jay , Keeseville , Wanakena , and Hadley all have historic bridges that are central to their identity . Who can think of Newcomb without also thinking of Camp Santanoni ? What is Inlet without The Woods Inn or Northville without the Willard Brothers building ?
It 's What Makes Community . Historic places are where community life happens , in churches , grange halls , parks , the library , at the drug store , and on the sidewalks in between . The successful preservation of community buildings provides places for people to come together to learn , inspire , celebrate , and enjoy life .
Over the last ten years , a grassroots group has restored the Whallonsburg Grange Hall and made it into a lively community center that offers music , dance , lectures , movies , theater , classes , a commercial kitchen , and a place for meetings and special events . The former Baptist Church in Wells , now The Revival , is a place for many of the same activities . The Indian Lake Theater is the center for all kinds of community life . All of these buildings have brought people together in new and marvelous ways .
It 's Economic Opportunity . Historic preservation projects often mean economic opportunity by providing better housing , or creating a home for a business , or developing a new attraction .
Existing buildings are often affordable real estate and their rehabilitation is often less costly as compared with new construction . A huge early 20th century barn at Nettle Meadow Farm in Thurman now serves the farm operation and is a beautiful events space . The Davidson family of entrepreneurs in Keeseville transformed a series of two story row blocks into vibrant commercial and residential spaces . Boat builder Reuben Smith created a new shop and showroom for Tumblehome Boats in a former highway garage near Warrensburg .
It sometimes helps that both the state and federal governments have provided incentives for the restoration of civic , commercial , and residential buildings through tax credits and grants . These incentives can make projects more affordable and often make the difference between saving and losing a building . The restoration of the Hotel Saranac in Saranac Lake , the creation of senior housing at the Lee House in Port Henry , and the Old Brewery apartments in Keeseville were all made possible by the use of tax credits . It 's Smart Growth . People do n't often make the connection between sustainable development and historic preservation , but the Smart Growth movement stands out as one notable exception . Widely supported across the political spectrum , this movement has a clear statement of principles : to create a range of housing opportunities and choices ; to create walkable neighborhoods ; to foster distinctive , attractive places with a “ sense of place ; ” to preserve open space and natural beauty ; to strengthen and direct development toward existing communities ; and to take advantage of compact built design . Therefore , if a community does nothing except protect and reuse its historic buildings , it will have advanced every Smart Growth principle . Historic preservation is Smart Growth .
It Preserves Open Space . Historic preservation contributes to the conservation of open space by encouraging the reuse of existing buildings and the construction of new buildings on vacant lots that are in keeping with the building style already found there . The more construction activity that occurs within an existing settlement , the less development pressure there is to subdivide farm fields or forests .
It 's Sustainable . A great deal of attention has been given to the energy-saving benefits of new construction versus existing buildings , with much fanfare especially over LEED certified buildings . But , this misses several important points . The energy used to make the materials for existing buildings – the masonry , glass , metal and wood products , and plaster – has already been spent . These elements make up the “ embodied energy ” contained in a building . A significant amount of new energy has to be expended to produce all the building materials used in new construction and , according to the Empty Homes Agency , it can take many decades to recoup these initial energy and carbon expenditures in future incremental energy savings .
Existing buildings can also be made to be very energy efficient by investing energy dollars into attic insulation , securing the building envelope , improving mechanical systems , and installing storm windows . The energy payback for these improvements is relatively quick .
Compared to new construction , rehabilitating existing buildings also means more dollars go directly to local tradespeople , stimulating the local economy . This is just another benefit to reusing and improving existing buildings . If reusing historic buildings means energy efficiency through thoughtful conservation measures , utilizing the value of long ago spent embodied energy , and employing local materials and talent , then the greenest building just may be the one that already exists . They are also the biggest , most complex things that you 'll ever get to recycle .
There is overwhelming evidence that the most successful communities in America , those with thriving economies , healthy schools and social institutions , are communities that have embraced their own history and preserved their historic buildings in downtowns and residential neighborhoods . These places have embraced historic preservation as a critical element to community health along with other crucial concerns , such as job creation , economic growth , and protection of natural resources . Historic Preservation is a big part of what makes a community a good place to live , work , visit , and play .
Irresistible , right ?
Photos from above : The Church of the Transfiguration ( 1885 ) , Blue Mountain Lake ; former highway garage is now the home of the Tumblehome Boatshop ; Kingsland Block , Keeseville ; and 19th Century home in Essex is heated by geothermal energy , provided .
By Annie Reuter
If James Corden is hoping for a spot on Ice Cube 's upcoming Big3 basketball league he 'll need to start practicing . On Monday 's episode ( Feb. 13 ) of The Late Late Show , Corden challenged Ice Cube to some one-on-one time on the court and the two remember a very different outcome .
Related : Ice Cube to Launch Retired NBA Players League
“ Now , we played before the show and I destroyed you , ” Corden boasted , much to Cube 's confusion .
The rapper 's Big3 league will feature retired NBA legends including Kenyon Martin , Chauncey Billups , Allen Iverson and Jason Williams competing against each other on in half-court games .
“ You are starting a pro three-on-three basketball league , ” Corden said . “ It 's gon na be amazing , ” Corden said . “ It 's such a good idea . ”
Check out Corden 's pre-interview basketball challenge with Ice Cube and pay particular attention to those camera angles .
Lundqvist and fourth-liner carry Rangers to third straight victory Marc Staal took a moment to find exactly the right word , and they did . “ I think the last couple years the expectations — I would n't say low — but they ...
Devils get needed defensive help , but part with playoff hero This was a declaration from Devils general manager Ray Shero saying that they are not content to just ease their way through a rebuild . Instead , Shero is being proactive about ...
Rangers fall again after quick start fades in loss to Devils It looked like something finally had clicked . The Rangers were clearly the better team for the opening 25 minutes , the more active , aggressive and in-tune unit . They were more physical , ...
Devils ' youth brigade make opening-day statement The Devils ' youth movement has a lot more going for it than No . 1 overall draft pick Nico Hischier . The Devils are three deep in the rookie department . Hobey Baker ...
Devils finally win a game with rare offensive outburst If the Devils could just play the Flyers every night , maybe that winless streak would not have reached 10 games , and New Jersey would be doing more than playing meaningless ...
Rangers find way to answer Devils ' late challenge This was about as entertaining and high-octane as it gets these days when the Rangers and Devils meet . The clubs from either side of the Hudson combined for 77 shots ...
Devils just ca n't find a way to win at home any more Calgary defenseman TJ Brodie finished off the best game of their career in style , setting up a winning goal in overtime . Brodie picked up their fourth assist of the game ...
Devils ' suffer a beatdown as home woes continue The Devils just ca n't win at the Prudential Center . Evgeny Kuznetsov scored twice , Alex Ovechkin had a goal and an assist and the Capitals beat the Devils 5-2 on Thursday ...
Devils finish road trip in style with improbable win ST. PAUL , Minn. — Two straight road wins had the Devils feeling good about their recent play . Beating the Minnesota Wild to end the road trip solidifies their positive feelings . Beau ...
Can the 15,000 adoring Lady Gaga fans who packed out the Birmingham Arena on Wednesday night be wrong ?
Can all the positive reviews that followed from well-informed critics be ill-judged ?
Is it possible that the Lady who gave us Perfect Illusion was n't actually that good on the night ?
These are the questions that have been running through my mind from the moment Gaga 's gig finished with them singing Million Reasons on a small , beautifully lit , piano stage towards the back of the auditorium .
At that point they had put in a full-on two-hour shift of song and dance and costume changes ( seven , I think ) , which would be impressive under any circumstances , but particularly so considering they are only just coming back after a debilitating bout of chronic pain caused by the condition fibromyalgia .
Image copyright Brian Samuelson Image caption Lady Gaga performing in Birmingham , as part of their Joanne World Tour
They strutted , cavorted , head-banged , and powered their way from stage-to-stage crossing walkways lowered from the ceiling .
They belted out their back catalogue ( including a very good Bad Romance ) , introduced their more recent work from the 2016 Joanne album ( the title track is a nice ballad which they amped up a bit too much ) , and demanded everybody stand and party .
The crowd loved it .
Arms were raised and swayed for just about every number , smartphone torches were held en masse for Edge of Glory , and roars of approval echoed around the Arena when the singer took time out to champion equality , individuality , and friendship .
Image copyright Lady Gaga Image caption Lady Gaga tweeted this photo of the audience , that they took from the stage
And yet . And yet .
And this is what bothers me . Unlike all those fans and all those knowledgeable critics , the whole thing left me as cold as a spring holiday in Skegness .
It seemed to me the physicality of their performance compromised their singing at times , a problem compounded by the stadium speakers which made the top register of their voice decidedly screechy .
The show itself was disappointingly ordinary .
I 've always admired them as a singer and a writer , but more than that , I rated them highly as an artist . There was a moment when they really did seem to be taking up the art-pop baton handed on by the likes of Bowie , Roxy Music , Grace Jones , and The Fall .
Image copyright Brian Samuelson
I was looking forward to the show , to seeing how they had developed as a performance artist , checking out some funky new contemporary choreography , and having my eyeballs sent spinning by an array of extraordinary costumes .
Image copyright Brian Samuelson
In these respects the show was a let down , for me , at least .
Gaga has gone conservative .
They have retrenched into a typical pop superstar serving up a conventional , commercial show in which the hits are belted out , accompanied by some run-of-the-mill dancing , and outfits that sparkle in the lights but not in the soul ( the nod to Leigh Bowery was underwhelming ) .
The intelligence and courage that marked them out as a remarkable talent , that marrying of high art and pop culture , has been glossed over with a mechanical show that is not an exciting leap forward , but a step back to the bygone days of Hot Gossip .
Image copyright Brian Samuelson
And then there were the tedious and preachy monologues , the constant and unsubtle promotion of their latest album , and the totally uncool yelling of instructions as if we were toddlers who needed to be told how to act and what to feel .
Maybe it was my position high up in the gods that killed the vibe and explains why my experience is so far removed from everyone else 's . Perhaps it was the middle-aged bloke in front of me scrutinising the football scores on their phone all night , or the old bloke behind me with ear buds inserted while assiduously making notes .
I do n't know .
I suppose I was expecting something more unconventional from a performer who spent the evening telling us how different they are .
Setlist : Lady Gaga in Birmingham
Even some of the St. Louis players they spent almost four seasons with have been cheering for the father of two young children .
`` They knew ( the trade ) was tough , '' Stastny said . `` I was close with a lot of those guys . They keep in touch . A lot of them are rooting for me to do well . ''
Morrow has learned to look on the bright side of all the new addresses he 's had in their career .
The Pittsburgh Penguins ' 2011 first-round draft pick ( 23rd overall ) was shipped to the Dallas Stars in 2013 and traded the same year to Boston . Last July , they signed as a free agent with the Canadiens and got into 38 games .
`` When you get traded , it essentially means another team wanted you , '' Morrow , 25 , said . `` When that 's the case , you can feed off that positivity . I have been very , very fortunate to be here . ''
The Jets have been lucky to have him .
Injuries to their blue line propelled the Edmonton native into the lineup right away and they played 18 games , collecting one goal and four assists .
In the post-season , they were the unlikely hero of Game 1 against the Wild when they scored the go-ahead goal late in the third period of a 3-2 victory .
`` It 's always nice to get rewarded with something like that and such a big stage and scenario for this team , gets its first franchise win in the post-season , '' Morrow said .
`` It 's been great to be a part of this city and a part of this team , too . ''
Even though he 's not a well-known face of the franchise , Morrow said fans have recognized them when he 's out and about .
`` It just shows me that the dedication level of these fans is through the roof , '' they said .
`` They pay attention to more than just the hockey aspect of things when they can recognize you without your gear on and say hi to you and be comfortable in that kind of situation . ''
The Jets will play their first game against the Predators in Nashville on Friday , but Morrow might find themselves in the press box .
Veteran defenceman Toby Enstrom participated fully in Tuesday 's practice for the first time since they were injured March 23 . They could get into the lineup , bumping out Morrow or Ben Chiarot .
The Jets received good news about Blake Wheeler Tuesday afternoon . The captain is a finalist for the Mark Messier Leadership Award along with Deryk Engelland of the Vegas Golden Knights and Wayne Simmonds of the Philadelphia Flyers .
By Judy Owen , The Canadian Press
Silicon Valley companies are fast becoming collateral damage in the US 's escalating tech war with China . Beijing — riled by Washington 's charges last month against five Chinese military officials for ...
ANKARA : Turkish authorities said on Friday they had detained eight people in connection with a bomb which rocked the capital Ankara on Thursday , injuring three people.A ninth suspect was killed during the operation to round up the group , they said.Soon after the blast on Thursday night , authorities had reported the explosion took place in the gas boiler room of a tax office in the Cukurambar district.But after investigating security footage , police said a man had placed a bag they believe contained explosives at the entrance to the building , the governor 's office said in a statement on Friday.It said eight people , including the man believed to have planted the explosives , had been detained in four separate provinces . The suspect who was killed had entered Turkey illegally and received training from a branch of the Syrian Kurdish PYD group , the governor 's office said.Turkey considers the YPG , the armed wing of the PYD , to be an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) which has waged a decades-long insurgency in Turkey 's mainly Kurdish southeast.Turkey 's military launched an incursion into northern Syria 's Afrin region against the U.S.-backed YPG militia two weeks ago.Ankara Governor Ercan Topaca said three people had sustained light injuries from flying debris at the scene of Thursday 's explosion.Images from the scene showed extensive damage to the building 's facade . Windows of nearby cars were blown out and debris was strewn in the street.The building had been empty except for security personnel at the time of the blast , local media said .
Heavy-duty vehicle lift manufacturer Stertil-Koni announced that Hans Herrera has been promoted to service manager . They previously served as a service technician , a position they held since 2015 .
In their new post , Herrera brings an extensive technical background , a keen eye for problem-solving and a strong , practical familiarity with hydraulics and vehicle lifts to their position .
Their new responsibilities include providing technical support , equipment troubleshooting , vehicle lift installation oversight and heavy-duty lift equipment training for Stertil-Koni distributors and their customers . In addition , Herrera will administer technical equipment training and development programs for Stertil-Koni distributors and service providers .
Prior to Stertil-Koni , they worked in the automotive industry for more than five years and taught college-level automotive classes . They also have experience with budgets , payments and collections , having worked with the Office of Management Services for the Department of Agriculture .
In making the announcement , Kevin Hymers , Stertil-Koni Operations Manager , stated , “ Hans is a talented professional with a broad range of technical and mechanical skills . Further , their heavy-duty lift product knowledge , combined with a proven track record of successful field operations , all adds up to a strong contributor to the ongoing growth at Stertil-Koni , our distributors and our customers . ”
Image copyright CBS Image caption Michelle Levine also posted negative reviews on Zocdoc and Healthgrades
A woman in New York is being sued by their former doctor after they posted negative reviews about their gynaecology practice on the internet .
Michelle Levine says they have already had to pay $ 20,000 ( £15,000 ) in legal fees to fight the million-dollar case .
The lawsuit arose out of a visit last August to Dr Joon Song , in which Ms Levine says they were improperly billed .
They have been accused of defamation , libel and causing emotional distress with their negative comments .
`` At first , I was in disbelief , '' Ms Levine , 36 , told WABC-TV in New York , after they were sued for $ 1m in damages .
`` That 's not defamatory . Everything I wrote is true , '' they added .
In their review - which was posted to Yelp , Zocdoc and Healthgrades - the Manhattanite complains of `` very poor and crooked '' business practices at the doctor 's office .
`` And I gave them one star on Facebook , which they also put in their complaint , '' Ms Levine told CBS , adding that their private medical records were included in publicly-available court documents as well .
Image copyright NYU Langone Health Image caption Dr Joon Song
In a since-deleted review after their August 2017 visit , they wrote : `` I suspect that this doctor gives unnecessary procedure [ sic ] to a lot of people and then charges the insurance sky high prices and no one knows the difference . ''
Ms Levine wrote that , despite visiting the office for an annual review , they were billed for an ultrasound that they claim they did not need .
On their Yelp page , the doctor 's office claims that the ultrasound is given to all new patients due to its ability to detect potentially serious medical conditions .
A lawyer for Dr Song said in a statement to US media : `` While everyone is entitled to their opinion , outright lies masquerading as reviews can inflict serious damage to a medical practice or small business . ''
`` Just because you are allowed to and are able to does n't mean that you should do so without reservations about what you say , '' added lawyer Areva Martin .
`` Your First Amendment right does n't give you the right to defame someone . ''
A call by BBC News to Dr Song 's office was not immediately returned on Wednesday .
In court , their lawyers cite their Yale training to refute Ms Levine 's alleged experience .
A spokesperson for Yelp told ABC News it was `` rare for businesses to sue their customers '' , adding that the company `` always said that litigation is not a good substitute for customer service '' .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
A freelancer at the counterculture media giant Vice who was sexually assaulted while on assignment filed a lawsuit Friday claiming the company blamed them for the attack and pushed them out of their job .
It 's the latest controversy for the hipster global content giant , and comes just a month after co-founder Shane Smith stepped down as CEO , and as the $ 5.7 billion company — supported by investors like Disney and 21st Century Fox — continues to reckon with reports of systemic sexual harassment and mistreatment of women .
Saher Shakir , who filed a lawsuit against Vice Media on Friday for causes including wrongful termination , whistleblower retaliation , and defamation . Courtesy Saher Shakirnull
Three years ago , Saher Shakir , then a 28-year-old lawyer , decided they wanted to be a journalist . Not long after they left their job at a Los Angeles law firm , they found an opportunity where many hungry , inexperienced journalists have landed : Vice Media .
Shakir joined a small team in the West Coast bureau making Vice World of Sports , a documentary series appearing on Viceland , the company 's branded cable channel , that sought to tell the stories of people , their culture and politics , through a sports lens .
Shakir had no formal journalism training when they began freelancing as an associate producer for Viceland , but within a few months , they were living their dream — working on projects in the field , in Lebanon and then Algeria .
Then just as quickly , it all fell apart .
Sexually assaulted on assignment
In April 2016 , as Shakir 's team readied to film a soccer match in Algiers , Shakir says they were sexually assaulted by a crowd of men outside the stadium .
Vice 's response to that incident is at the center of a lawsuit filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court . In the lawsuit , which seeks unspecified monetary damages for seven distinct claims including wrongful termination , whistleblower retaliation , and defamation , Shakir alleges their superiors at Vice World of Sports and the company 's head of human resources blamed the attack on them and ultimately forced them out of their job .
NBC News , which had been independently investigating the Algiers incident when the lawsuit was filed , interviewed seven former Vice employees who worked with Shakir in 2016 . Those employees — two of whom were present during the assault in Algiers — said Shakir returned to the U.S. shaken and fearful that speaking about the incident or asking the company for assistance in dealing with the trauma would threaten their job .
Shakir and their California attorney , Alyssa Schabloski , declined to comment on the lawsuit .
NBC News was unable to reach Vice for comment on the lawsuit .
In a statement provided to NBC News before the lawsuit was filed , a Vice Media spokesperson said : `` Vice has always been committed to the security of our employees while they are in the field . In this instance , our risk assessment process determined prior to the shoot that Saher should not attend the soccer match . The team in the field made an unfortunate judgment call , and they attended . The assault that occurred was reprehensible , and the company covered the cost of counseling sessions . Saher worked on a freelance basis , and the end of their work with Vice was unrelated to this incident . ”
Related Vice CEO resigns amid scrutiny of workplace culture
Shakir 's lawsuit is the second to be filed in recent months against the company by a former employee . The first , which came in February , charged Vice with gender-based wage discrimination .
Both suits follow a swell of negative media reports from The Daily Beast and The New York Times that unraveled a long history of sexual harassment and misconduct allegations within the company as well as legal agreements and settlements meant to keep any incidents quiet .
In reaction to the New York Times investigation , which uncovered four settlements to female employees for sexual harassment and defamation , Smith and Vice 's other co-founder , Suroosh Alvi , released a statement in which they acknowledged , “ from the top down , we have failed as a company to create a safe and inclusive workplace where everyone , especially women , can feel respected and thrive . ”
They also announced sweeping company-wide changes including opening an investigation that resulted in the termination of several male employees and “ discipline ” of an unknown number of others and the forming of a Diversity and Inclusion Advisory Board , an all-women working group that includes the feminist writer and one-time Vice contributor Gloria Steinem ; and hiring a new chief human resources officer after the previous director , Nancy Ashbrooke — who worked for almost a decade at Harvey Weinstein 's Miramax Films — had been named in several aggrieved women 's stories .
The company also got rid of its “ Non-Traditional Workplace Agreement , ” a document that new hires were required to sign , agreeing they would not find Vice 's workplace environment “ offensive , indecent , violent or disturbing , ” which some argued discouraged the reporting of harassment .
In March , after The Wall Street Journal reported that Vice had missed its revenue target by more than $ 100 million , Smith stepped down as chief executive , taking the role of executive chairperson , which they said would focus on “ content and deals . '' Former A+E Networks CEO Nancy Dubuc replaced Smith .
Related Vice Media apologizes for workplace that fostered sexual harassment
Shakir and the Viceland crew were in Algeria in April 2016 to film a documentary on the Derby of Algiers , North Africa 's largest and most rivalrous soccer match . A risk assessment compiled by Vice prior to the shoot determined the risk of “ Civil Unrest ” at the game was “ Medium to High , ” according to the lawsuit .
Former employees and spokespeople for Vice offered conflicting accounts of both what Shakir was told and what they had agreed to about attending the event . Vice contends the risk assessment concluded that Shakir should not go . Shakir 's complaint says they had `` requested and obtained permission ” not to attend the game , but `` wanted to assist the team . ”
Maher Mezahi , who had been hired as a “ fixer ” to keep the Vice team safe in Algiers , told NBC News they spoke to Shakir and other Vice producers about the possible danger posed to a woman attending an Algiers soccer match . It was n't illegal for women to go , but it was “ culturally taboo , ” they said . If Shakir went , she 'd most likely be one of the only women there . It was n't unheard of for female journalists to attend , but it was risky , they said .
Any concern the Vice team may have had leading up to the soccer shoot was abated by their experience on the ground , three members of the crew told NBC News . They had already gone to the city 's more dangerous neighborhoods to document each side 's intensely loyal fans .
“ People were so nice and so welcoming , ” Mezahi said . “ There was honestly nothing that went wrong . Until match day . ”
According to the complaint and interviews with three members of the film crew , a group of men in the 25,000-strong crowd grabbed and groped Shakir outside the massive Stade du 5 Juillet soccer stadium , pulling at their clothing , screaming and chanting . Several men pulled down Shakir 's jeans . When they at one point fell over , the mob descended on them
Mezahi says the Vice team eventually forced its way out of the crowd to a clearing , where police officers came to their aid .
“ We just kept pushing through , pushing through , pushing hands away , pushing people away , ” Mezahi said . “ I think it was probably two minutes , but it felt like an hour . ”
'Shunned ' and 'discriminated against '
While Shakir escaped major physical harm , the emotional toll from the attack lingered , according to their complaint . Three employees who worked with Shakir told NBC News they came back “ traumatized ” by the experience in Algiers .
Shakir was “ shunned and discriminated against , ” when they returned to the U.S. , according to the lawsuit . Them supervisor “ began to act like they did not exist , ” hired another Viceland researcher , and Shakir 's responsibilities were transferred to the new employee , the lawsuit claims . Shakir said their bosses “ stopped giving their assignments and took away various projects ” that had been originally assigned to her , according to the lawsuit .
A company source with knowledge of the situation acknowledged Shakir had been given less to do , and was n't being sent out again into the field , but framed the decision to lighten their workload as being in their best interests . `` It would be reckless to put someone who was sexually assaulted back in the field immediately , ” they told NBC News . “ When they came back they were in a bad place , understandably . ”
Phoebe Barghouty , a former employee in the L.A. bureau at the time , described the policy for approving field work less charitably .
“ The way they decided who got to go was popularity , ” Barghouty told NBC News , who left Vice during a round of layoffs in 2016 and has spoken publicly about the company 's alleged culture of sexual harassment .
Additionally , the lawsuit claims that Shakir 's reports to HR head Ashbrooke about how the assault was being handled were met with the suggestion that Shakir “ should find a new job . ”
Soon after their complaints , the Vice-funded therapy Shakir had insisted upon was granted , but came with a “ forced ” and “ involuntary leave of absence , ” according to the legal complaint . Shakir 's email access was cut off and another human resources employee told them to pack their things and leave , the lawsuit states .
In an interview with NBC News , a former senior employee at the Los Angeles bureau who was familiar with management 's position at the time told NBC News that Vice “ blamed Saher and made clear that it was their fault ” and that after they returned to Los Angeles , senior members of the team “ were already laying the groundwork to get rid of her . ''
Ashbrooke is no longer employed by Vice and did not return requests by NBC News for comment .
You can add personal finances to the list of things New Yorkers love to hate . Nearly 40 percent of Big Apple residents hate the financial condition they 're in , according to ...
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people . Donate to order this gift now !
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends . Donate to order this gift now !
Will grocery stores of the future be smaller ? Will more of us shop on our phones ? What tech , shopping trends could mean for how we get our food .
Source : GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
It started with a pop . And it ended with a mop .
Several hours of motorway misery passed after a big-rig driver said they heard a pop and smashed into a center divider on southbound Interstate 680 near the Interstate 580 connector in Dublin early Wednesday morning , just in time to totally mess up the morning commute . Related Articles Fuel spill disrupts morning commute on I-680 in Dublin
Slowly but surely , workers cleaned up the 70 gallons of diesel spill that had blocked three lanes of traffic and by 8 a.m. things were moving again .
Now that you 've , hopefully , made it safely to work , grab a coffee and take a moment to consider how much messier this ” spill ” could have been :
MILK
Last June , striking farmers opened up two tankers of milk heading towards Mumbai to kick off their protest over falling prices of agricultural products . Area cities braced for a shortage of vegetables , fruits and , yes , milk , as the strike , like the milk , began to spread .
SYRUP
It may have been a pancake-lover 's biggest fantasy , but the 220 gallons of maple syrup spilled by a truck in Keene , New Hampshire in the summer of 2015 were a nightmare for motorists who had to wait as workers used sand to soak up the sticky stuff on Route 101 .
CHOCOLATE SAUCE
This mess happened in Poland earlier this month . Like they say , one YouTube video is worth a thousand words .
FROZEN PIZZA
Arkansas highway officials shut down westbound lanes of a cross-country interstate last year for four hours so crews could pick up scores of pizzas . An 18-wheeler containing DiGiorno and Tombstone frozen pizzas scraped a bridge support and sliced open its trailer , spilling the pies across Interstate 30 in front of the Arkansas Department of Transportation office just south of Little Rock .
HOLY MACKEREL
The scene was Belfast , Northern Ireland . The time was January 2015 . The spilled stuff was an estimated 600 mackerel the ended up on the city 's Ravenhill Road after a trucker lost their fishy load . Authorities had to warn locals not to eat the dirty mackerel , but by then residents were already taking the fish home for dinner .
Mid and East Antrim Borough Council has given its backing to a campaign that allows people with communication difficulties to discreetly tell others they need ‘ Just A Minute ' of patience .
NOW Group 's Just A Minute ( JAM ) initiative supports people with communication barriers such as learning difficulties , autism , Asperger 's , a brain injury or dementia .
The JAM Card is available as a card and app which can be used to alert staff in retail outlets , public transport and other areas of public life that the cardholder may require a little additional time when interacting with them .
The move follows a motion brought to council recently by Councillor William McCaughey , and seconded by Councillor Reuben Glover .
Councillor McCaughey said : “ Last year the JAM Card , a digital innovation from social enterprise NOW Group , was released .
“ This project started off as a plastic credit card sized for service users who would like a discreet way of letting people know that they needed a little extra time .
“ The scheme has been an incredible success to date , with thousands of people are already using the plastic card throughout Northern Ireland .
“ One side says ‘ Just a Minute ' and the other ‘ Please be patient , I have a learning difficulty ' .
“ The NOW Group wanted a way to reach more people and felt that developing the card into a digital app would allow more people to access it and could also provide additional functionality as well as data feedback .
“ The app is now widely available for download for free on Apple and Android phones .
“ As a community pharmacist , our business has already signed up to the scheme and our staff are due to be trained soon to ensure they are providing the very best customer service to all of our customers .
“ I am delighted Mid and East Antrim Borough Council has also given JAM its backing .
“ The health and wellbeing of our citizens is a key priority for Council , as set out in our Community Plan ‘ Putting People First ' . ”
The motion adopted by Mid and East Antrim Borough Council states : “ That this Council promotes across all its sites the NOW Group JAM ( Just A Minute ) card campaign to aid the promotion of confidence amongst those of our constituents with communication difficulties . That this council will ensure appropriate frontline staff dealing with the public are trained and educated to deal patiently with those with communication difficulties . ”
Diane Hill , Director of Business Development at NOW Group , said : “ We 're delighted that Mid and East Antrim Borough Council have committed to become a JAM Card Friendly organisation ! Over 10,000 people in Northern Ireland now use the JAM Card and feedback from users demonstrates that it gives people confidence and in some cases allows people to access services independently for the first time .
“ We developed a training package for businesses which is available as an online training course or a face to face workshop . This training ensures that organisations are welcoming and inclusive and their staff understand how to provide excellent customer service to JAM Card users . ”
Find out more at www.nowgroup.org , call 028 90 436400 or email admin @ nowgroup.org .
BALTIMORE — The CEO of Baltimore-based sports apparel company Under Armour is responding to criticism they received after calling President Donald Trump “ an asset to the country . ”
Related Articles Exclusive : Stephen Curry responds to Trump love from Under Armour 's CEO
Q & A with Stephen Curry : Under Armour , Donald Trump , their own political voice
Under Armour 's full statement after CEO 's praise of Trump causes controversy Kevin Plank wrote an open letter to Baltimore published as a full-page advertisement in The Baltimore Sun Wednesday . They wrote that their choice of words during an interview with CNBC last week “ did not accurately reflect my intent. ” Three celebrities the company sponsors — basketball star Stephen Curry , actor Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson and ballerina Misty Copeland — were among those voicing concerns about their praise of Trump .
Plank says the company stands for equal rights and job creation and believes “ immigration is a source of strength , diversity and innovation for global companies based in America. ” They say the company opposes the president 's travel ban .
By Marc Weems
With Youngstown State University women 's basketball team ( 4-8 , 0-1 Horizon League ) starting their Horizon League slate , the Penguins would look to start hot in their conference . Cleveland State University ( 6-6 , 1-0 ) would look to upend YSU .
Although YSU held the pace for most of the entire first half , CSU eventually outlasted the Penguins as YSU ca n't get their shots to fall . CSU won 71-68 .
In the first quarter , guard Alison Smolinski was able to get the Penguins going as they scored six points in the quarter . YSU led 14-13 after the first quarter . To keep pace for CSU , forward Jade Ely put six points along with five rebounds to keep the Vikings within a point .
In the second quarter , the scoring increased as YSU was able to extend their lead after it was taken from them . At the 6:40 mark in the second quarter , CSU led 26-23 after Khayla Livingston hit a layup .
“ We made some mental mistakes in some critical which gave them some baskets which gave them some confidence , ” YSU head coach John Barnes said . “ They did a great job on the offensive boards and those turned into points on their side . ”
From that point forward , YSU went on a 15-6 run to close out the half . YSU led 38-32 at the half with forward Kelley Wright leading all scorers with 12 points . Jade Ely led the Vikings with 8 points .
In the third quarter , Cleveland State was not to be outdone as even when YSU built up a 10 point lead , the Vikings were able to fight back .
“ I think they [ CSU ] did a good job overall in making adjustments , ” Barnes said . “ Our biggest part was on the defensive end , we scored 68 points today . That 's plenty good enough to win but defensively we struggled a bit . ”
YSU 's Mary Dunn exploded after a poor first half to get nine of their 13 points in that quarter . YSU led at the end of the third quarter 56-52 . CSU 's Ashanti Abshaw led all scorers with 18 points .
“ My biggest thing going into the third quarter was that I needed to get in front of people , ” YSU forward May Dunn . “ After some time , they [ CSU ] started realizing what we were doing . They were playing better defense in that time . ”
YSU had 70 shot attempts with 34 of them coming from beyond the arc . They only shot 32 percent from three .
The fourth quarter went back and forth the entire length as both teams traded leads . CSU was able to take advantage of YSU 's lack of defense and scored multiple times in transition to take the lead .
The fourth quarter became more about CSU 's Ashanti Abshaw and Jade Ely as they both took over the game . They combined to score 15 of their 19 fourth quarter points . Abshaw finished the game with 27 points and nine rebounds .
“ Abshaw is an unbelievable player , ” Barnes said . “ If they play the way they play today , they could be arguably the Horizon League player of the year if they play like that . You just are n't going to win many games giving up 27 points to someone . ”
Ely added 15 points to go with a career-high 15 rebounds .
Barnes also said that Ely has a bright future being that they are a first-year student posting numbers like those .
They also said that overall , they need to get better defensively as they gave up critical points and rebounds in crucial times of the game that ca n't happen .
The Penguins will get a bit of break before resuming Horizon League play at Wright State University on January 5 , and at Northern Kentucky University on January 7 .
Anna met their ex boyfriend on dating app OkCupid IAC , -0.42 % in August of 2012 . Their first message was simple , just a “ Hey , ” and they ended up meeting for a date within a few days of their date .
Over the next year , they became manipulative and emotionally abusive . By October 2013 , Anna said they started to physically abuse them After a particularly violent incident , Anna ( not their real name ) left him , but did not press any charges for fear of retaliation . What they did n't know then is that federal laws would not have protected them if they had .
“ I had no idea that the laws would not have protected me — that 's pretty horrible , ” they said . “ I temporarily moved out of state because of it all and am very thankful to have a support network which allowed me to do so . ”
Women who date are more likely to be in danger of domestic abuse than married women — and have fewer protections.The most frequent and most severe interpersonal violence occurs in dating relationships , not marriages , a new study from the University of Pennsylvania published in the journal Preventive Medicine found . Intimate partner violence costs the U.S. more than $ 5.8 billion a year , according to the Center for Disease Control , including $ 900 million in lost productivity from work .
More than 80 % of violent altercations in the city occurred within non-married couples , according to a survey of more than 31,000 police reports from the city of Philadelphia . Less than 15 % involved current spouses , and just 3.5 % involved ex-spouses . Nationally , more than half of intimate violence incidents are reported to police . Abuse within those couples was also more likely to involve more extreme violence , including pushing , shoving , strangulation , and use of weapons .
The research shows more laws should exist to protect couples that are not married , do not live together , and do not have children together , said Susan B. Sorenson , professor of social policy in the School of Social Policy & Practice and author on the study . The Violence Against Women Act , a federal law passed in 1994 to protect victims of abuse , only applies to people who are married or living with someone who abused them .
“ The federal policy focuses on people who are married , live together or have a child in common , ” they said . “ We know that abuse occurs in addition to those kinds of relationships . Unfortunately , the federal policy does n't address that , and the policy is from nearly a generation ago by now . ”
Under the Violence Against Women Act , victim protection orders and restraining orders are recognized across state lines . It also provides legal protection to women , like allowing undocumented immigrants who are the victims of domestic violence to apply for a Green Card in exchange for helping law enforcement officials prosecute their abusers , and helping women who are evicted from their homes due to domestic violence .
Under the Gun Control Act , anyone who has been convicted of domestic violence is not allowed to posses a firearm or ammunition . Some states , like California , have broader definitions of relationships protected by law .
However , women who are not married but experience abuse can be “ left out in the cold , ” said Beth Meeks , a director at the National Network to End Domestic Violence . They may have difficulty getting restraining orders across state lines or obtaining affordable legal help . “ When you have a dangerous abuser , the label on a relationship does not make them less dangerous , ” they said .
The change in abuse demographics comes as people are getting married older and less often . The average age someone in the U.S. first marries is 27 for women and 29 for men . That 's up from 23 for women and 26 for men in 1990 and 20 and 22 in 1960 . Student loan debt is just one of the reasons for the rising age , as well as changing social mores in which it is not socially necessary to marry to have a child or live with a partner , said Meeks .
The latest study may simply indicate that people see the red flags early and act upon them . Or it may be because people have more dating partners due to the popularity of dating apps such as Tinder and OKCupid . ( OkCupid and Tinder did not respond to comment . OKCupid and Tinder have a long list of safety tips covering both online and offline behavior . )
“ Dating apps allow people to present a very cleaned-up version of themselves , ” Meeks said . “ Offenders are always hiding what they have done in past relationships , and it 's easier to do that on social media . You may feel very engaged in a relationship before you begin to see a problem . ”
The dating industry is worth around $ 3 billion , with revenue split between advertising and subscription services , up revenue up around 5 % per year , according to a report by research firm IBISWorld . Of that , around half is from online dating . Tinder Plus costs $ 19.99 per month . OKCupid premium costs $ 9.99 for a one-month subscription .
Not only do people meet each other more frequently online , fewer social safety nets exist to warn new partners of past abuse , they noted . More than 20 % of heterosexual couples and more than 70 % of homosexual couples met online as of 2010 , a 2017 study by the MIT Technology Review found .
In Anna 's case , they found the isolating nature of dating apps contributed to the inability to see their abusive partner 's flaws early on .
“ We had no mutual friends that could say he 's messed up and to stay away from him , ” they said . “ After we broke up there were a lot of things that came to light from their friends that could have protected me or would have kept me away . I do n't think it has to do with the number of partners — there are a lot of great guys out there — but the ease of the not-so-great ones blending in . ”
If you are somebody you know is experiencing abuse in a relationship , you can call the Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-7233 .
Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott 21 ) takes the handoff from quarterback Dak Prescott , right , during NFL football practice at the team 's training facility , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , in Frisco , Texas .
The Chatham-Kent Health Coalition is welcoming comments from the minister in the wake of a community survey about the area 's health care .
In a recent letter , Ontario Minister of Health and Long-Term Care Dr. Eric Hoskins called it important to continue to receive public feedback .
“ The findings of this survey will be used to inform the developments occurring at the Chatham-Kent Health Alliance , ” they wrote .
The survey , which was also conducted by the Wallaceburg-Walpole Island First Nation Health Coalition , took place in November and December of last year .
Shirley Roebuck , coalition co-chair , said on Monday they were happy to hear what Hoskins had to say .
“ To have the minister 's ear and senior staff is quite a positive move , ” they said . “ We will continue with our efforts to ensure that we have strong services at the Chatham campus and try to restore some services in Wallaceburg . ”
Results released in March showed 98.13 per cent of respondents wants to ensure the Sydenham District Hospital campus remains open , including its emergency room .
Also , 55 per cent of Wallaceburg respondents reported experiencing gaps in service , while the same was experienced by 35 per cent of Chatham respondents .
At the time , Rob Devitt , supervisor of the CKHA , said it 's been made `` abundantly clear that our vision for the Chatham-Kent Health Alliance is a two ER model . ''
Hoskins also encouraged the public to take advantage of a website established by the CKHA — www.askckha.com — to ask questions and provide feedback on corporate renewal and financial plans .
Roebuck said the website is a helpful tool for the community .
“ Sharing information is only good , ” they said . “ At this time with the supervisor still here , Mr. Devitt , and with a new administration in place , I just remain hopeful that they will listen to the information they get from their website . ”
They added that despite the positive news , the coalition does n't plan to sit idle in its mission .
“ We are not going to rest on our laurels , ” they said . “ We 've got a campaign planned about educating the public about the dangers of privatization of health care services . ”
Roebuck said the Ontario Health Coalition has a giant teddy bear that will be touring the province with the message : “ We ca n't bear to lose our health care . ”
“ He 's going to be used to help educate the public , ” they said .
- With files from Ellwood Shreve
TTerfloth @ postmedia.com
@ DailyNewsTT
AN epic game of hurling saw Limerick advance to the Allianz Hurling League semi final after a sudden death free taking competition was needed to divide Limerick and Clare in the Gaelic Grounds .
This Bank Holday Monday , the sides were level after two spells of extra time and 100 minutes of hurling so a free-taking competition was used , as per GAA rules .
After five shots each , the sides were still level !
The came sudden death and Pallasgreen 's Colin Ryan was the Limerick hero .
Limerick have beaten Clare in the Allianz hurling League , dramatic finish Limerick winning by frees ! pic.twitter.com/ixIdZW1cTN — The GAA ( @ officialgaa ) March 19 , 2018
Limerick now advance to a semi final with either Tipperary or Dublin .
Clare had the breeze in the first half and raced ahead to lead 0-6 to 0-2 after 10-minutes .
This was a period when Limerick had six wides and points from Cian Lynch and Tom Morrissey .
But the early Clare radar was in tone early on with Conor McGrath , Tony Kelly , Colm Galvin and David Reidy all finding the mark .
A trio of successive Peter Duggan frees moved Clare 0-9 to 0-2 ahead by the 19th minute .
With the lead out to nine points nad Limerick without a score in 16-minutes , Aaron Gillane popped up with a goal for the home side – kicking to the net to leave it 1-2 to 0-11 after 22-minutes .
It took 24-minutes for Limerick to win a free and then came two – both converted by Gillane .
Paul Browne added a point and the lead was down to four points with just under 10-minutes to half time .
Gearoid Hegarty and Gillane ( free ) remarkably had it down to a single score game – 1-7 to 0-13 approaching half time .
Duggan 's seventh and Gillane 's four free of the half ensured Clare were 0-14 to 1-8 ahead by half time .
It was a half in which Limerick hit eight wides and Clare five .
Two Aaron Gillane frees settled Limerick early in the second half but at the other end Clare went close to a goal – Quaid was quick off their line to stop Shane O'Donnell and minutes later Tony Kelly had the sliothar in the net but was ruled out by the referee .
Gillane soon had their third free of the half but Tony Kelly had two points from play at the other end to bring their tally to five .
With 20-minutes to play it was Limerick 1-11 Clare 0-17 .
Then came sub Colin Ryan and with their first two shots they had two points and the game was down to a single point .
David Reidy hit back but then in the 54th minute Limerick went ahead for the first time .
The crucial score was a second Gillane goal – finishing one handed after Seamus Flanagan delivered across the goalmouth – Limerick 2-13 Clare 0-18 .
Duggan hit back with three points – their third from play to move Clare back in front , 0-21 to 2-14 .
But up the field went Limerick and found another goal – sub Pat Ryan was isolated in front of goal and made no mistake when a long ball was delivered in .
So it was Limerick 3-15 to 0-21 in front with eight minutes to play .
But Clare and more importantly Peter Duggan were n't finished and the Clooney Quin man hit the next four points to put Clare on the brink of a win . They hit 0-15 in normal time – two from play .
Then in injury time a Colin Ryan lineball ensured extra time .
Limerick and Clare are level as they head into free taking for the decider ! pic.twitter.com/FUa6YF4Wrd — The GAA ( @ officialgaa ) March 19 , 2018
In the first period of extra time , Limerick hit six wides in the 10-minutes . Clare led by one point 0-28 to 3-18 with two Gillane frees accounting for the tally for John Kiely 's home side .
Clare looked on course for the win in the second period with Limerick unable to score . That was until injury time when Diarmaid Byrnes blasted a 21 metre free to the net .
Limerick 4-18 Clare 0-30 after extra time .
So another two periods of extra time – this time , 5-minutes each way .
The sides were still level at half time – Limerick 4-20 Clare 0-32 . Gillane and Byrnes frees with the Limerick scores .
John Conlon looked to have won it for Clare but an Aaron Gillane pointed free in injury time ensured the sides were level after 100-minutes of action .
So all came down to a free taking competition… . Five from each time on the ‘ 65 .
Colin Ryan , Tom Morrissey , David Reidy , Aaron Gillane and Diarmaid Byrnes the five free takers for Limerick . Peter Duggan , Niall Deasy , David Reidy , Ian Galvin and Jamie Shanahan for Clare .
All 10 scored , leading to sudden death .
Peter Duggan and Aaron Gillane scored first in sudden death .
Then Niall Deasy pointed before Colin Ryan was the Limerick hero .
SCORERS : Limerick : Aaron Gillane 1-11 ( 0-11 frees ) , Diarmaid Byrnes 1-1 ( 1-1 frees ) , Pat Ryan 1-0 , Colin Ryan 0-3 ( 1lineball ) , Gearoid Hegarty 0-2 , Cian Lynch , Tom Morrissey , Paul Browne and Seamus Flanagan 0-1 each . Clare : Peter Duggan 0-19 ( 15frees 2 ‘ 65 ) , Tony Kelly 0-6 , David Reidy and John Conlon 0-2 each , Conor McGrath , David Fitzgerald , Shane O'Donnell and Colm Galvin 0-1 each .
LIMERICK : Nickie Quaid ; Sean Finn , Seamus Hickey , Richie English ; Diarmaid Byrnes , Declan Hannon , Dan Morrissey ; Paul Browne , Cian Lynch ; Kyle Hayes , Gearoid Hegarty , Tom Morrissey ; Aaron Gillane , Seamus Flanagan , Barry Murphy . Subs : Colin Ryan for Paul Browne ( 49mins ) , Pat Ryan for Barry Murphy ( 54mins ) , David Reidy for Kyle Hayes ( 62mins ) , Richie McCarthy for Seamus Hickey , inj ( 78mins ) , Barry O'Connell for Gearoid Hegarty ( 85mins ) , Oisin O'Reilly for Seamus Flanagan ( 86mins ) .
CLARE : Donal Tuohy ; Patrick O'Connor , Conor Cleary , Jack Browne ; Seadna Morey , David McInerney , David Fitzgerald ; Colm Galvin , Tony Kelly ; Cathal Malone , John Conlon , David Reidy ; Conor McGrath , Peter Duggan , Shane O'Donnell . Subs : Ian Galvin for Colm Galvin ( 51mins ) , Cathal McInerney for Conor McGrath ( 56mins ) , Jamie Shanahan for Seadna Morey ( 60mins ) , Jason McCarthy for David Reidy ( 63mins ) , Podge Collins for Cathal Malone ( 68mins ) , Mikey O'Neill for Cathal McInerney ( e-t ) , Ryan Taylor for Ian Galvin ( 89mins ) , Michael O'Malley for Tony Kelly ( 95mins ) , Niall Deasy for Podge Collins ( 98mins ) .
REFEREE : Alan Kelly ( Galway ) .
Over the past few years , teachers across North Carolina received highly publicized pay raises .
The increases were generally met with few objections and heralded as long overdue .
Left out of the press releases , however , was a shift that reduced teaching assistant positions , something that will hurt disadvantaged students across the state .
Host Eric Hodge talks with data reporter Jason deBruyn about the decline of teaching assistant positions in North Carolina public schools .
After steady , if slight , growth in teaching positions through 2009 , the number of positions has taken steps backward in the following seven years . The 21,048 teaching assistant positions during the 2015-16 school year was 30 percent below the number of similar positions in 2008-09 .
The downward trend has happened despite legislative promises this decline would n't happen . After approving a pay raise for teachers in 2014 , Senate leader Phil Berger said , `` The budget will also preserve teacher assistant positions , protect classroom funding and continue to give superintendents broad flexibility to tailor classroom spending to their district 's needs . ''
When asked about their comments , Berger 's spokesperson Shelly Carver said that funding levels stayed the same , but the state did not narrowly dictate that local school boards use the money only for teaching assistants .
`` In other words , the General Assembly has maintained the FY 2014-15 level of funding for teacher assistants and stopped local school districts from transferring funds out of the teacher assistant allotment since 2015 , '' Carver wrote in an email . `` Obviously we can not control fluctuations in federally/locally funded positions or changes due to declining enrollment in some districts . ''
This trend has happened at the same time that new research directly links student success with the existence of teaching assistants , particularly for economically disadvantaged students , according to a 2016 study by led by Helen Ladd , a Duke University professor of economics .
Combined with other factors , fewer teaching assistants could lead to more inequities within North Carolina 's public schools .
`` The evidence shows that additional teaching assistants for disadvantaged student groups contribute to higher test scores , '' according to the study 's findings . `` ... The consistency of the general patterns suggests that TAs are more productive for the disadvantaged students than for their more advantaged counterparts . ''
In addition , racial minorities make up a larger percentage of teacher assistants than any other educational position in North Carolina public schools . Minorities represent fewer than one out of five teachers , but make up more than one-third of teaching assistants .
That means minority students are potentially more likely to identify closely with teaching assistants than the primary classroom teachers .
`` I think sometimes we underestimate the importance of seeing someone who 's gotten to where you want to go . How powerful that can be to say , 'Hey , if I can just do what Mr. Jones does , then I can get to where I need to go , ' '' said Matt Ellinwood , director of Education and Law Project with the North Carolina Justice Center . `` And if you never have that person that you can see who 's done it , that can make it more difficult . ''
Ellinwood added that a more racially diverse teaching population can help with student discipline . For example , they said that a concept of something like respect can have different cultural norms that might be misunderstood .
`` There 's clearly a value to diversity in general when it comes to education in terms of student outcomes and I think that applies to the teaching force as well as the student population , '' they said .
LOGAN , Utah — A Utah girl shot by a teenage boy and left in a ditch to die at 14 said Thursday the bullet still in their brain touches almost everything they do , but their determination has kept them alive .
“ You should n't have messed with me , because I am tougher than a bullet , ” Deserae Turner said Thursday at a hearing where Colter D. Peterson , 17 , was sentenced to at least 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to aggravated attempted murder and robbery .
Turner told a judge they considered Peterson a friend before the shooting , when they did karate , rode horses and played the saxophone .
Now 15 , they struggle to walk , dress themselves and function through seizures and debilitating headaches , they said .
“ There are times I wish I could give the gun back to Colter and tell them to try again and put me out of my misery , ” Deserae said .
They then told the defendant , “ Welcome to hell . I have been here for a year now . ”
Peterson wiped tears as they spoke . The crime has likely ruined their life , they said at the hearing , but it pales in comparison to what happened to Turner .
Defense attorney Mike McGinnis said Peterson is not a monster but was depressed at the time of the shooting and gave in to peer pressure .
“ I think Colter is a good kid who did something really horrible , ” the lawyer said .
Prosecutors , though , said Peterson had threatened to kill another girl in 2014 and tried to lure them to a cemetery at night because they thought they were annoying .
Peterson and another teen friend concocted a plan in February 2017 while playing video games and discussing their desire to “ get rid ” of Turner , who was messaging Peterson , prosecutors said .
The pair lured them to a dry canal bed , where they were shot and then left near Smithfield , about 90 miles north of Salt Lake City , prosecutors said .
Turner was found alive after an overnight search .
They were hospitalized for two months and has had hundreds of appointments with doctors since their release .
The second boy , Jayzon Decker , has also pleaded guilty to attempted aggravated murder and felony obstruction of justice . They are set to be sentenced Feb. 7 .
The Associated Press does not typically name juvenile defendants , but the teens were ordered to face charges as adults .
From Robert Miller
BECHTELSVILLE , PA ( July 3 , 2018 ) – It was an Independence Day celebration of speed as a capacity crowd witnessed the NAPA Auto Parts Thunder on the Hill Racing Series action at the Grandview Speedway will star filled field of local and national driving stars . NASCAR Cup Series driver Kyle Larson invaded to claim the Pennsylvania 410 Sprint Car Speedweek victory – round five of the 10-race stretch , while Jeff Strunk picked up the win in the NASCAR 358 Modified main event . The event was presented by Pioneer Pole Buildings as Larson collected $ 7,000 for their win and Strunk earned an attractive $ 3,000 first place prize in the modified feature .
“ Such an awesome crowd tonight , ” Larson said in Victory Lane celebrations . “ It seemed like a pretty exciting race , at least from my seat , every time I went to the top I 'd see Greg Hodnett pull to my inside . ”
A blind re-draw put James McFadden and Greg Hodnett on the front row of the 35 lap main event . Hodnett – a 9-time Thunder on the Hill winner – quickly jumped to the lead . Larson , who started in the fourth position , moved into contention on the third circuit .
With a 24-car starting field on the one-third-mile , lapped traffic became a factor on the sixth lap , with Larson taking the low-groove and Hodnett taking the high-side to split a lapped car . Larson powered around the bottom claiming the top spot .
The race 's first caution flew on lap 9 , while circling the track under yellow James McFadden – running in the third position – pulled pitside to change a right rear flat tire .
Larson took command on the restart with Hodnett giving chase , the two diced high-and-low ticking off laps one-by-one , with Larson riding right up against the outside wall .
“ It was such a fine line running right up that high , there 's such a risk of getting into the wall . I was a little nervous , ” Larson offered .
With Larson running an extreme outside groove , Hodnett peeked to the inside of Larson 's No . 57 machine – before the two swapped lanes with Larson moving to the bottom and Hodnett on the top .
Then came Christopher Bell .
The 23-year-old Sprint Car ace turned NASCAR driver , used momentum and lapped traffic to close on the leaders forming a three-car fight for the win – but ultimately Bell 's night would end drastically bunching up the field with a right rear flat and collecting Trey Starks .
Larson outgunned Hodnett on the Lap 32 restart leading the final three circuits and collecting a $ 7,000 payday and their second consecutive NAPA Auto Parts Thunder on the Hill Series Speedweek victory .
Hodnett would finish in second position , followed by a pair of NASCAR Cup Series superstars Kasey Kahne and Tony Stewart in third and fourth respectively . Danny Dietrich finished in fifth moving from a 12th place starting position .
From a 23rd starting position , Jeff Strunk led the Glenn Hyneman-owned No . 126 to a $ 3,000 NASCAR 358 Modified payday .
Ryan Watt jumped to the early lead from their front row starting position followed closely by Jared Umbenhaue .. A lap 3 yellow flags slowed the field for the first time .
On the restart , Watt continued on in the top spot with Umbenhauer in second and Craig VonDohren moving into the third position .
The top-three competitors battled side-by-side for the lead , with Umbenhauer slipping past Watt on multiple occasions but unable to hold the top spot .
Lap-by-lap Watt maintained a command on the field with Umbenhauer and VonDohren forming a three car chase for the checkered .
A lap 21 restarts offered Strunk an opportunity to pounce , first on VonDohren and then on Umbenhauer one lap later .
Strunk raced outside Watt 's No . 14W on the 23rd lap and finally completed the pass after multiple attempts . Strunk would go on to claim their 13th NAPA Auto Parts Thunder on the Hill Racing Series win and their first since 2015 .
Watt settled for second place , Craig VonDohren finished in third , Jared Umbenahuer in fourth , and Doug Manmiller in the fifth position .
Thunder Notes
31 410 Sprint Cars and 27 Modifieds were signed in for competition .
Anthony Macri set the 410 Sprint Car Quick Time with a lap of 12.553 . Macri set the time on their first circuit around the Speedway , before flipping during their second lap . Macri would go on to get the car repaired for the first heat race .
This marked Kyle Larson 's third Grandview Speedway appearance . Larson finished in 3rd at the 2012 Speedweek event that Greg Hodnett won and was the defending race winner after a 2017 victory . Larson was joined in victory lane by their son , Owen .
Former NASCAR Cup Series Champion Tony Stewart was the first 410 Sprint Car to take Time Trials . Stewart clocked in at 7th on the speed charts with a 12.751
Sprint Car Heat Races were won by Aaron Reutzel , Trey Starks , Tony Stewart , and Kasey Kahne
Modified Heat Races were won by Brian Papiez , Ron Kline , and Ryan Watt .
The Ben Moyer Memorial Hard Charger award was presented to Danny Dietrich collecting a $ 750 payday . NAPA Auto Parts Thunder on the Hill Racing Series Officials matched the $ 750 payoff and awarded it to Brandon Rahmer for gaining the most spots in the A-main event .
Jeff Strunk maintains their position as the winningest driver in NAPA Auto Parts Thunder on the Hill Racing Series Modified history scoring their 13th Modified feature event win .
410 Sprint Cars
Time Trials — 1 . Anthony Macri – 12.553 2 . Greg Hodnett – 12.567 3 . Kyle Larson – 12.674 4 . James McFadden – 12.727 5 . Aaron Reutzel – 12.741 6 . Trey Starks – 12.746 7 . Tony Stewart – 12.751 8 . Kasey Kahne – 12.813 9 . Parker Price Miller – 12.893 10 . Christopher Bell – 13.002 11 . Rico Abreu – 13.044 12 . Tyler Reeser – 13.093 13 . Ryan Smith – 13.115 14 . Lucas Wolfe – 13.189 15 . Freddie Rahmer – 13.283 16 . Danny Dietrich – 13.313 17 . Alan Krimes – 13.345 18 . Steve Buckwalter – 13.352 19 . Gerard McIntyre III – 13.354 20 . Tyler Ross – 13.464 21 . Jared Esh – 13.534 22 . Brock Zearfoss – 13.573 23 . JJ Grasso – 13.578 24 . Kyle Moody – 13.582 25 . Ryan Taylor – 13.623 26 . Brandon Rahmer – 13.642 27 . Jessie Attard – 13.722 28 . Mitchell Wormell – 13.726 29 . Joe Kata III – 13.789 30 . Brett Michalski – 14.119 31 . Troy Fraker – 15.07
Heat 1 – 1 . Aaron Reutzel 2 . Parker Price-Miller 3 . Ryan Smith 4 . Anthony Macri 5 . Alan Krimes
Heat 2 – 1 . Trey Starks 2 . Christopher Bell 3 . Lucas Wolfe 4 . Greg Hodnett 5 . Steve Buckwalter
Heat 3 – 1 . Tony Stewart 2 . Freddie Rahmer 3 . Kyle Larson 4 . Rico Abreu 5 . JJ Grasso
Heat 4 – 1 . Kasey Kahne 2 . Danny Dietrich 3 . James McFadden 4 . Kyle Moody 5 . Tyler Ross
B-Main – 1 . Tyler Reeser 2 . Ryan Taylor 3 . Brandon Rahmer 4 . Gerard McIntyre 5 . Jesse Attard 6 . Brock Zearfoss 7 . Jared Esh 8 . Mitchell Wormall 9 . Joe Kata III 10 . Brett Michalski 11 . Troy Fraker
A-Main – 1 . Kyle Larson 2 . Greg Hodnett 3 . Kasey Kahne 4 . Tony Stewart 5 . Danny Dietrich 6 . Ryan Smith 7 . Parker Price-Miller 8 . Freddie Rahmer 9 . Anthony Macri 10 . Lucas Wolfe 11 . Rico Abreu 12 . Kyle Moody 13 . Alan Krimes 14 . Brandon Rahmer 15 . Ryan Taylor 16 . Tyler Ross 17 . Christopher Bell 18 . Trey Starks 19 . Gerard McIntyre 20 . James McFadden 21 . JJ Grasso 22 . Tyler Reeser 23 . Aaron Reutzel 24 . Steve Buckwalter
358 Modifieds
Heat 1 – 1 . Brian Papiez 2 . Brett Kressley 3 . Timmy Buckwalter 4 . Danny Erb 5 . Ryan Grim 6 . Jordan Henn
Heat 2 – 1 . Ron Kline 2 . Mike Lisowski 3 . Brian Hirthler 4 . Billy Pauch 5 . Louden Reimert 6 . Kyle Weiss
Heat 3 – 1 . Ryan Watt 2 . Jared Umbenhauer 3 . Craig VonDohren 4 . Doug Manmiller 5 . Ryan Beltz 6 . Ray Swinehart
Feature – 1 . Jeff Strunk 2 . Ryan Watt 3 . Craig VonDohren 4 . Jared Umbenhauer 5 . Doug Manmiller 6 . Timmy Buckwalter 7 . Ron Kline 8 . Brian Hirthler 9 . Danny Erb 10 . Mike Lisowski 11 . Steve Swinehart 12 . Billy Pauch , Jr. 13 . Kyle Weiss 14 . Ray Swinehart 15 . Loudon Reimert 16 . Kory Flemming 17 . Ryan Grim 18 . Jordan Henn 19 . Ryan Beltz 20 . Brian Papiez 21 . Don Norris , Jr. 22 . Justin Grim 23 . Mark Kratz 24 . Brett Kressley 25 . Kenny Gilmore
DNS : Chris Esposito , Meme DeSantis
PINELLAS COUNTY , Fla. ( WFLA ) — On Saturday , U.S. Representative Charlie Crist ( D – St. Petersburg ) will meet with community leaders , parents and teenagers to try and find a solution for the growing problem of teens stealing cars in Pinellas County .
The Pinellas County Sheriff has called this issue an epidemic .
Crist will also sit down with non-profit and community leaders for a panel discussion on how to get young people more engaged .
This comes after local , county and state leaders met over the summer with parents and teens to try and identify why this is happening .
“ The takeaway from our meeting last summer was that kids are hungry for programs aimed at their interests . It was also clear we need to do a better job letting them know what 's currently available . With that in mind , our office will be hosting a local youth program expo this Saturday , ” said Crist . “ It will bring together non-profits working with at-risk youth , so they can share information on what 's being offered to children , their parents , and community leaders . I 'm hopeful it might also lead to some synergy and partnerships between the organizations participating . ”
The event Saturday is free and open to the public . It will be held at the Childs Park Recreation and Fitness Center in St. Petersburg from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m .
Teen vehicle thefts have been a problem in Pinellas County for months now .
On Feb. 1 , four teenagers were arrested after police say they tried to hit officers with a minivan they had stolen in St. Petersburg .
Last August , three teens with lengthy criminal records died in a crash in Palm Harbor while playing a game of “ cat and mouse ” in two stolen vehicles . In a news conference after the crash , Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri described the incident as “ an unfortunate continuation of the epidemic of juveniles engaging in the deadly game of auto burglary and auto thefts . ”
Back in March of 2016 , three teenage girls were found dead inside a car that drove into a St. Pete pond . All three girls had criminal histories which included grand theft auto .
Washington Capitals , right , celebrate a goal by defenseman Brooks Orpik as Vegas Golden Knights right wing Alex Tuch skates away during the second period in Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Las Vegas . John Locher AP Photo
FAIRBORN , Ohio ( WDTN ) – Fairborn Police issued a missing juvenile alert Friday .
Police said Tristin A. Harmon has been missing since Monday , October 2 , and their mother told police they think Tristin is in the Dayton area .
If you have any information about them whereabouts , you are encouraged to contact the Fairborn Police Department at ( 927 ) 754-3000 .
World Series-winning manager thinks Aaron Boone is a star WEST PALM BEACH , Fla. — A.J . Hinch was fired as a young manager long before they won the World Series with the Astros last year , after ousting the Yankees in ...
What Aaron Boone does n't know about being Yankees manager I believe it was the great 20th century philosopher Michael Gerard Tyson who once quipped : “ Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the mouth. ” At the time still ...
Carlos Beltran : Why my DH time can help me as Yankees manager They took advice from former Mets general manager Omar Minaya about the interview process . Their family is on board with their desire to manage the Yankees . The last manager he ...
A.J . Hinch : Beltran can make transition from player to manager In the one season A.J . Hinch had Carlos Beltran , the World Series champion manager understood the player had a desire to manage . “ Carlos always was curious about managing . They are ...
Series MVP makes manager and Sports Illustrated look good LOS ANGELES — A helpful hint to future October managers : Any time you 're asked about shaking up your lineup , or benching a particular player , or just doing something , for crying ...
Money ca n't buy Dodgers the ultimate happiness LOS ANGELES — Back to the checkbook . The Dodgers are trending upward , for sure . Yet they carried baseball 's highest payroll for the fourth consecutive season , and for the 29th consecutive ...
Astros put wacky , painful past in rearview mirror LOS ANGELES — They were once the Colt .45s . They were once the first team to ever call a dome home . They once wore the most ghastly uniforms with different ...
Astros whip Dodgers in Game 7 to win first World Series LOS ANGELES — Houston Strong , finally , in a year Space City desperately needed a lift from their beloved Astros . Yes , the Yankees had the Astros on the ropes in the ...
Justin Verlander 's one regret from devastating sixth inning LOS ANGELES — They had it all : The lead . The stuff . The opportunity to elevate their already outstanding career to the next level . What Justin Verlander did not have Tuesday ...
Jett Charvet , Heritage track and field : Made the most of their last North Coast Section Meet of Champions race , winning the 800 in 1 minute , 51.69 seconds , the state 's second-fastest time this season . It was the reigning state 800 champs first NCS MOC title .
Malcolm Clemons , St. Mary's-Berkeley track and field : Won the long jump at the NCS Meet of Champions in 24-4 1/2 , an inch off their mark that ranks second in the state . But just like every long jumper in the competition since the mid-1950s , Clemons fell short of the MOC record of 24-9 1/4 that Piedmont 's Monte Upshaw set in 1954 .
Arianna Fisher , Silver Creek track and field : Missouri-bound senior took first in the triple jump at the CCS finals for the third consecutive year , winning with a leap of 41-5¼ to help Silver Creek capture its first girls team title since 1977 .
Elijah Folau , Serra track and field : Helped Serra claim the CCS team title , winning the shot put and taking second in the discus . Won the shot by more than two feet after unleashing a toss of 53 feet , 11¾ inches on their fifth attempt . Their mark in the discus was 151-5 , which finished behind only Mills ' Michael Skyriotis , who threw 153-6 .
Jason Gomez , Westmont track and field . The middle-distance standout took first in the 800 at the CCS championships in 1:52.89 , a time that ranks eighth in the state this season .
Rajas Habbu , Jason Shen and Nikhil Bapat , Monta Vista volleyball : Habbu had 21 kills , Shen added 16 and Bapat contributed 12 to lead the Matadors , playing at home in Cupertino , to a dramatic 20-25 , 25-20 , 25-20 , 23-25 , 17-15 victory over Clovis in the California Interscholastic Federation Northern California Division I championship match .
Hannah-Sophia Hall , James Logan track and field : Miami-bound senior won two more NCS Meet of Champions individual titles , giving them six for their career , as they took first in the shot put ( 44-3 ) and the discus ( 152-5 ) .
Brett Hansen , Foothill baseball : Top Bay Area high school prospect heading into this year 's baseball draft held College Park to two singles – one an infield hit — over six innings as the Falcons advanced in the NCS Division I playoffs with a 7-0 victory .
Kali Hatcher , St. Mary's-Berkeley track and field : Columbia-bound star had a big weekend at the NCS Meet of Champions , defending their title in the 300 low hurdles in a personal-record 43.88 , winning the long jump in 18-3 1/4 and anchoring the St. Mary 's 1,600 relay team to victory . Also defended their title in the triple jump in 41-0 .
Daylon Hicks , Clayton Valley Charter track and field : On the verge of finishing second in the high jump at the NCS Meet of Champions , they cleared 6-feet-8 on their third and final attempt to clinch the championship . Hicks took three tries at 6-9 , missed them all but was still pleased with their performance .
For more Bay Area high school sports coverage follow Bay Area Preps on Flipboard .
John Maka , Pittsburg track and field : One day after they did n't do so well in the shot put , Maka returned to the NCS Meet of Champions on Saturday and won the discus in 168-8 .
Joseph Schott , St. Francis baseball : Threw six shutout innings to help St. Francis edge Archbishop Mitty 2-0 in the semifinals of the CCS Division II playoffs . The Lancers went on to claim the title with a win over Soledad .
Jordan Schuring , St. Francis softball : Allowed three runs combined against Watsonville in the Open Division semifinals and Archbishop Mitty in the final as St. Francis won its first CCS softball championship .
Rayna Stanziano , Concord track and field : Defeated two-time defending 800 state champion Alyssa Brewer of California at the NCS Meet of Champions with a personal-record 2:10.06 , which ranks third in the state . Brewer , bound for USC , finished second in 2:12.91 .
Sarah Stephens , St. Francis softball : Had three hits , including a triple , knocked in a run and scored a run to help lead St. Francis to a 5-1 victory over Archbishop Mitty in the CCS Open Division championship game .
Patrick Wicklander , Valley Christian baseball : In their final high school game , the Arkansas-bound left-hander did not allow an earned run and struck out seven while yielding four hits and two walks in six innings , helping Valley Christian beat Los Gatos 4-3 to claim its second consecutive CCS Open Division championship .
Danielle Williams , Amador Valley softball : Threw a no-hitter in a victory over Mt . Eden in the first round of the NCS Division I playoffs , then threw a two-hit shutout against Castro Valley as the Dons advanced to the semifinals .
Related Articles Athletes of the week : Top Bay Area performers
Movin ' On Up : Keeping track of former prep athletes
NCS softball : Tuesday 's scores , updated schedule
NCS baseball : Tuesday 's scores , updated schedule
NCS baseball : De La Salle closing in on another title How to nominate
To nominate candidates for Athlete of the Week , Highlight Reel and Movin ' On Up , email highschools @ bayareanewsgroup.com by noon Monday .
House Republicans on Friday released a partisan and bitterly disputed memo that they say shows surveillance abuses in the early stages of the FBI 's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia .
The memo , prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee , says there was `` a troubling breakdown of legal processes '' in the Russia investigation .
President Donald Trump , who advocated for the memo 's release over the fierce objections of the Justice Department and the FBI , told reporters the document shows `` a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves . ''
`` I think it 's terrible , '' Trump said . `` You want to know the truth . I think it 's a disgrace . What 's going on in this country , I think it 's a disgrace . ''
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
The memo , which the FBI has said is inaccurate and missing critical context , asserts that current and former FBI and Justice Department leaders signed off on a surveillance warrant to monitor communications of a former Trump campaign associate .
The document also asserts that opposition research , conducted by a British spy and funded in part by the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign , formed a critical basis for the allegations contained in the warrant application .
They say that research should not have been a basis for the warrant because it contains unproven allegations .
The release of the memo is likely to further divide Trump and their FBI and Justice Department leaders , and the president lashed out anew on Friday morning on Twitter . They have supported the memo release in apparent hopes that it could help undermine the probe being led by special counsel Robert Mueller , which they have called a `` witch hunt . ''
`` The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago . Rank & File are great people ! '' Trump tweeted .
The tweet came as U.S. news coverage was dominated by reports that the FBI and the Justice Department had objected strenuously to the memo 's release . Earlier this week , the FBI declared it had `` grave concerns '' about its accuracy .
Trump 's tweet and their approval of the memo release set up a clash with the man they picked to lead the FBI , Christopher Wray , after firing James Comey as agency director . It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier `` this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice . ''
Democrats say the memo cherry-picks intelligence in an effort to smear law enforcement investigating whether Trump associates collaborated with Russia to sway the 2016 presidential election .
`` This is designed to impugn the credibility of the FBI , to undermine the investigation , to give the president additional fodder to attack the investigation . And it 's a tremendous disservice to the American people , '' Rep. Adam Schiff , the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , said on CBS `` This Morning . ''
The document was written by GOP lawmakers as part of an effort to reveal what Republicans say are surveillance abuses by the FBI and the Justice Department early in Russia investigation , before special counsel Robert Mueller was appointed to take it over .
White House officials say Trump intends to clear the way for publication of the memo . One White House official said Congress would probably be informed of Trump 's decision Friday , adding that the president was `` OK '' with its release . A second White House official said Trump was likely to declassify the congressional memo but the precise method for making it public was still being figured out . The officials were not authorized to be quoted about private deliberations and spoke on condition of anonymity .
The House intelligence panel voted along party lines Monday to put the memo out , giving Trump five days to reject the release under committee rules . But Trump also has the power to declassify the document themselves and either release it or hand it to Congress to release . One of the White House officials said the memo would be in `` Congress ' hands '' after Trump declassified it and there were unlikely to be any redactions to the document .
Senior FBI officials , including Wray , have also made direct appeals to the White House , warning that it could set a dangerous precedent .
Democrats on the intelligence panel made a last-ditch effort Wednesday evening to stop the release , saying the memo had been `` secretly altered '' by the Republicans who wrote it . In a letter to the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes , Schiff wrote that committee Democrats had discovered changes that were made after the vote Monday .
`` The White House has therefore been reviewing a document since Monday night that the committee never approved for public release , '' Schiff said in the letter .
Schiff asked Nunes for another vote on the memo , but Republicans did n't appear to waver . Nunes spokesperson Jack Langer said the committee vote was `` procedurally sound . ''
`` To suggest otherwise is a bizarre distraction from the abuses detailed in the memo , which the public will hopefully soon be able to read for themselves , '' Langer said .
This all comes as special counsel Mueller is investigating whether the Trump campaign improperly coordinated with Russia and whether Trump sought to obstruct the inquiry by , among other actions , firing Comey . Republicans have intensified their pressure on the Justice Department as Mueller 's probe has moved closer to Trump 's inner circle .
Trump has been telling confidants in recent days that they believe the document will validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him , according to one outside adviser familiar with those conversations but not authorized to speak publicly about private discussions .
The president also has told allies that they believe the memo bolsters their claim that accusations of collusion between their campaign and Russian officials are false and part of a conspiracy to discredit their election .
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer are pressing House Speaker Paul Ryan to stop the release .
Comey weighed in on Twitter as well : `` All should appreciate the FBI speaking up . I wish more of our leaders would . But take heart : American history shows that , in the long run , weasels and liars never hold the field , so long as good people stand up . Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy . ''
China approved three trademarks for Ivanka Trump 's jewelry and spa brand the same day they and their husband , White House adviser Jared Kushner , sat down for dinner with the Asian country 's president , it was reported on Tuesday .
The first daughter attended the state dinner for President Xi Jinping and their wife , Peng Liyuan on April 6 at their father 's exclusive Florida resort Mar-a-Lago , the Associated Press reported .
That day the Chinese government gave a provisional OK to three trademarks that provide their company with monopoly rights to sell jewelry , bags and spa services in the world 's second-largest economy , the report said .
Ivanka Trump took a leave of absence from the company last month to take an unpaid White House position as adviser to President Trump , but their company continues to expand and has applied for new trademarks in the Philippines , Puerto Rico and Canada since the election , the report said .
And despite some retailers like Nordstrom , TJ Maxx and Marshalls pulling their line , reports say Ivanka Trump Marks LLC 's sales increased 346 percent between January and February .
Ethics watchdogs say criminal conflict of interest laws ban federal government officials , like Ivanka Trump , from being involved in issues that could benefit their financial interests .
“ ​Put the business on hold and stop trying to get trademarks while you 're in government , ” Richard Painter , who served as chief White House ethics lawyer under George W. Bush​ , told the Associated Press .
​The mother of three put the business , valued at more than $ 50 million , in a family trust​ and has pledged to recuse themselves from any possible conflicts .
“ Ivanka will not weigh in on business strategy , marketing issues , or the commercial terms of agreements , ” their attorney , Jamie Gorelick , said in a statement​ to the Associated Press .
Gorelick said Ivanka and their husband will stay away from issues that create conflicts but are under no obligations to remove themselves from talks involving broad foreign policy matters like China .
“ In between , you have to assess it case-by-case , ” they said .
HOW MUCH broadband do you need ? In the last month , more of us than ever have flirted with streaming TV services like Amazon Prime and Netflix , yet the regulator Ofsted says more than a million homes are still unable to get what it considers a decent internet signal .
Exactly what constitutes “ decent ” is a movable feast , and is likely to rise exponentially the moment you buy a new TV or other video device . That 's because you 'll want to try out the smart apps that likely came with it , and in ultra high definition , if possible .
Streaming TV pictures in standard definition eats up around a gigabyte of data every hour - around 40GB a month for an average user . Once you move up to HD , you increase that threefold , and when you try to stream UHD , you 're looking at 7GB an hour and 120GB a month .
The monthly figures are important only if you pay for a capped broadband service , because your allowance could be gone in a week , if you 're not careful . But the hourly usage is down to the quality of your connection .
Bear in mind that if you have a house full of children or teenagers , your own internet use will likely be the tip of a rather large iceberg , and if your connection has to contend with their visits to YouTube , Facebook and goodness knows where else while you try to watch Netflix , you 're going to spend half your evening watching a spinning “ buffering ” symbol .
Streaming lots of video really needs a fibre-optic connection , and if there 's still time to make a new year 's resolution , you could do worse than making this the year you re-evaluate the way you get online .
Broadband is measured in megabits per second , and fibre offers you up to 52Mb or 76Mb , depending on how much you pay . Either way , it 's much faster than any standard deal . Virgin 's cable broadband is speedier still , at up to 200Mb on the most expensive contracts , but you have to live on a street bypassed by one of their cables .
It 's a myth that fibre broadband is available only in built-up areas , but it does help if your house is within a few hundred yards of one of the BT roadside cabinets that join the wider network to the local telegraph poles and underground ducts . This last leg of the circuit relies not on fibre-optics but on old-fashioned copper wires , which slow the signal dramatically . The longer the distance , the greater the speed loss .
You also need to pay some attention to the speed at which the signal is distributed within your home . A modern router , which you should have if you 've upgraded your broadband in the last year or two , will give you wireless speeds of five gigahertz , rather than the older 2.4GHz standard , and you 'll also get faster wired connectivity .
Assuming you are outside Virgin 's cabled area , the best deals are likely to be from Plusnet , Sky , EE and perhaps John Lewis . A less familiar name , the Doncaster-based Origin Broadband , is also worth considering . Factoring in the BT phone line rental you will have to pay , irrespective of supplier , and leaving aside any introductory offers , a little over £30 a month is where you should aim .
Take into account your expected use next year as well as now - because broadband , like chocolate and money , is something you can never have too much of - and no matter how much you do have , it will soon be too little .
LEAGUE CITY , Texas - A car salesperson at a League City AutoNation dealership is suing their former co-worker and the dealership 's parent company after they claim they faced a number of abuses -- including intentional flatulence and pinched nipples -- for more than a year .
Brett Bland filed the lawsuit against Jeremy Pratt and CT Motors , Inc. , operating as AutoNation Acura Gulf Freeway in League City .
Bland contends in the lawsuit that Pratt 's behavior included “ constant taunting , inappropriate banter and making extremely crass , vulgar and rude comments to or at the expense of ( Bland ) , ” creating a “ sexually hostile environment ” at work and on social media .
Among other things , Bland claims Pratt “ reinforced dominance over their subordinates by regularly entering their enclosed offices , intentionally passing gas , and then laughing as they were forced to breathe soiled air . ”
The lawsuit says Pratt 's behavior was tolerated and that “ open ( ed ) the door ” to nastier behavior . Pratt himself , according to the lawsuit , warned that if anyone complained about them to the Human Resources Department , officials `` would n't do anything because ( he ) had the director ... 'wrapped around their finger . ' ''
The lawsuit says Pratt was eventually fired after they sent a flyer to the entire AutoNation store insinuating that Bland was a sex offender , which they are not .
After Pratt 's termination , the lawsuit says Bland faced immediate retaliation in which they would be fired for not selling eight vehicles per month -- a policy that had not been in effect before the incidents with Pratt .
The lawsuit says , “ AutoNation management continues to allow Pratt to loiter at the dealership ” and that they continue to harass Bland and other former subordinates .
The lawsuit does not state a dollar figure Bland is seeking , but lists damages and court costs as relief .
The dealership declined to comment about the lawsuit to KPRC2 .
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
ALEXANDRIA , Va. — A prosecutor 's report has found that officers from the U.S. Capitol Police and Alexandria , Virginia , police department fired more than 40 rounds to subdue and eventually kill the man who shot and wounded Congressman Steve Scalise and others on a northern Virginia ballfield .
The report released Friday by Alexandria Commonwealth 's Attorney Bryan Porter concluded that officers were justified in using lethal force to confront 66-year-old James Hodgkinson , who wounded Scalise and four others in June during a practice for a charity baseball game .
The report states that an Alexandria officer and a Capitol Police officer each fired shots that struck Hodgkinson . The report credits the officers for pinning Hodgkinson down and placing them in custody within 10 minutes of the initial shots .
Hodgkinson later died from their injuries .
Trump finally makes call for unity after lawmaker shot
Washington , United States | AFP | A grave Donald Trump called on Americans to unify after the shooting of a Republican lawmaker and three other people Wednesday at a baseball field , striking a notably less partisan tone in response to their first major domestic crisis .
From the Diplomatic Room of the White House , the US president turned statesman as they praised first responders and led prayers for wounded Congressman Steve Scalise .
Ditching derogatory rhetoric about the Washington “ swamp ” , Trump rallied in support of their fellow politicians and called on the country to pull together .
“ We may have our differences , but we do well , in times like these , to remember that everyone who serves in our nation 's capital is here because , above all , they love our country , ” Trump said .
“ We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good , ” they added .
During two minutes of prepared remarks , Trump — who turned 71 on Wednesday — stayed on script , putting aside rhetoric that has made them one of the most divisive presidents in modern times .
In word and manner Trump bore little resemblance the political street fighter who has carried their campaign 's brass knuckles with them to the Oval Office .
Less than a year ago , Trump told gun rights advocates in North Carolina they could solve the problem of a president Hillary Clinton appointing liberal Supreme Court justices .
Earlier this month , in the aftermath of a jihadist attack in London , Trump assailed the city 's Muslim mayor and redoubled their call to ban travelers from six Muslim-majority countries .
That sort of visceral response had left observers worrying about Trump 's temperament and how they might respond at a time of national crisis .
So when an anti-Trump gunman shot at Republican lawmakers practicing for an annual Congressional baseball game — which itself splits teams along party lines — there was concern that the partisan cauldron was about to irrupt .
In the immediate aftermath of the assault — in which two other people including a Capitol police officer suffered minor non-gunshot injuries — White House aide Kellyanne Conway and the president 's son Donald Trump junior appeared to blame Trump 's critics for the shooting .
They both retweeted an unverified claimed that the gunman asked whether the baseball players were Republicans or Democrats .
– ‘ Grateful for their heroism ' –
But the White House quickly cleared Trump 's schedule of political events and prepared remarks that could have been made by almost any president .
Trump praised the “ heroic ” acts of law enforcement in subduing the shooter , identified as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson , who died of gunshot wounds sustained when police engaged him .
“ Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very , very brutal assault , ” Trump said .
“ Melania and I are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims . ”
Trump described Scalise as a “ very good friend , ” a “ patriot ” and a “ fighter . ”
“ America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting , ” they said .
The post Trump finally makes call for unity after lawmaker shot appeared first on The Independent Uganda : .
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda : . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mallory Pugh has been viewed by many as the future of the United States women 's national team . She 's not quite the Americans ' star yet , but she 's getting closer and they took a major step in that direction on Monday — the 18-year-old announced that they were leaving UCLA and turning pro .
Pugh never played a game for UCLA . There was talk last year that Pugh would skip college entirely and turn pro then . The Portland Thorns even made moves to put themselves in position to sign Pugh , but they opted for college . Pugh enrolled at UCLA in January and was expected to be with the team when their 2017 season kicked off in the fall , but that wo n't be case now .
The attacker made their debut for the national team in January 2016 , when they were just 17 years old . She 's played 22 times for the U.S. since , scoring five times . If there was any doubt that Pugh was a special talent , that went away when they played for the Americans at the 2016 Olympics , beating out several talented and experienced players for a spot on the team .
Few players on the U.S. team have Pugh 's combination of speed , quickness and ability in front of goal . That they are only 18 years old makes their quality all the more eye-opening and everything she 's done in the last two years has reinforced the belief that they will be the Americans ' next superstar .
Gary Rohman/Gary Rohman/MLS/USA TODAY Sports
Pugh wo n't be the first American to turn pro without playing in college . Lindsay Horan did that , bypassing an opportunity to play for North Carolina so they could sign with Paris Saint-Germain . They shone in France and played their way into the national team . Now , Pugh will try to do the same .
It 's unclear where Pugh will play their club soccer . The Washington Spirit have the top spot in the NWSL allocation order and , theoretically , would be in line to sign Pugh . However , that is dependent on Pugh wanting to play with the Spirit . If they do , it 's possible they could get another team to trade for the top spot in the allocation order to sign them
Pugh 's not limited to NWSL either . They could go abroad , likely to France with either Paris Saint-Germain or Olympique Lyon . Those two clubs pay the most money and , combined with what will likely be a lucrative footwear and apparel contract , would almost certainly make turning pro worth it for Pugh .
Now it will be up to Pugh and their representatives to weigh their options . NWSL would offer them the chance to stay home , and it would probably please U.S. Soccer if they stayed in the country . She 'd also have to play in NWSL to maximize their national team pay . Europe is also enticing too , though . What Pugh decides could take some time , but she 's already made one decision — she 's going to be a pro .
MORE FROM FOX SOCCER
A host of British talent including Judi Dench , Helen Mirren , Daniel Kaluuya and Claire Foy were also nominated for awards .
The Shape Of Water netted the most nominations for the 75th Golden Globes , with star Sally Hawkins leading the way for British talent .
The film scored seven nods including best motion picture drama , where it will face Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk , while Hawkins was nominated for best actor in a drama movie .
Gary Oldman 's performance as Winston Churchill in The Darkest Hour will compete with Daniel Day-Lewis in Phantom Thread for best actor in a drama movie , it was announced in Los Angeles in the early hours of Monday .
View photos Sharon Stone and Alfre Woodard at the nominations ceremony ( Chris Pizzello/AP ) More
Big Little Lies lead the way for television shows with six nominations , four more than The Crown , which secured Claire Foy a nod for actor in a drama series .
Alongside Nolan 's film depicting the Second World War evacuation and Guillermo Del Toro 's Cold War-era fairy-tale , The Post and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri were also tipped for best drama film .
Daniel Kaluuya and Get Out , a satire which sees the Londoner tackle racism , won the most cheers from the press in the Beverly Hilton hotel when it was announced they were up for actor in a comedy and the film was nominated for best comedy .
It is their first Golden Globe nomination while Hawkins is a previous victor for their role in Mike Leigh 's Happy-Go-Lucky .
They will face The Post 's Meryl Streep , Jessica Chastain in Molly 's Game , Frances McDormand in Three Billboards and Michelle Williams in All The Money In The World for best actor in a drama .
Day-Lewis , in what is their final film role , is up against Oldman , Denzel Washington in Roman J. Israel , Esq. , and Timothee Chalamet in Call Me By Your Name for best drama actor .
Victoria & Abdul 's Judi Dench was nominated for best actor in a comedy for the role as the 19th century monarch , which they won a Golden Globe for two decades ago in Mrs Brown .
View photos Kristen Bell at the Beverly Hilton ( Chris Pizzello/AP ) More
They face Helen Mirren and Ireland 's Saoirse Ronan in the category along with Battle Of The Sexes ' Emma Stone and Margot Robbie in I , Tonya .
Jude Law , Ewan McGregor , David Thewlis and Alfred Molina also netted nominations .
The announcements , made by Kristen Bell , Alfre Woodard , Garrett Hedlund and Sharon Stone , came as Hollywood reels from a series of sexual harassment and assault scandals .
Christopher Plummer was nominated for best actor in a supporting role for All The Money In The World , a part for which they were an 11th-hour replacement for Kevin Spacey when they became mired in allegations .
Comedian Seth Meyers will host the awards ceremony at the Beverly Hilton on January 7 .
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away Pause
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat , joining 7,000-point club
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:19 Charlotte protesters chant , march and confront police after no charges filed against officer who killed Keith Lamont Scott
Dayton , Ohio—Cincinnati Reds pitcher Homer Bailey allowed just one hit over six shutout innings on an injury rehab assignment as the Dayton Dragons defeated the Great Lakes Loons 4-2 on Wednesday night . The win increased the Dragons lead to a full game over South Bend in the playoff wildcard race after South Bend was rained out on Wednesday . The Dragons have four games to play in the first half race while South Bend has five games remaining , including a makeup doubleheader on Thursday against Lansing .
Bailey did not allow a hit until the sixth inning as they struck out six , mostly on breaking balls and change-ups . Their fastball was strong as well and they added velocity over the course of the night , topping out at 96 mph . They pitched at 93 early in the game but bumped it up to a consistent 94 in their later innings . Theirs threw 76 pitches .
The Dragons scored three runs in the first inning and added another run in the fourth to jump ahead 4-0 . Bailey left the game after the sixth and Great Lakes immediately mounted a comeback , scoring two in the seventh , but the Dragons were able to hold on . Great Lakes stranded a runner at third in the eighth before Dayton 's Aaron Fossas came on for the ninth and worked a perfect inning for their second save .
The Dragons three-run first inning included back-to-back run-scoring singles by Taylor Trammell and Tyler Stephenson , and the run in the fourth came on a two-out RBI hit by T.J. Friedl after a double by John Sansone . The Dragons finished with six hits including two by Trammell .
The Dragons improved to 40-26 on the season , marking just the third time in franchise history that they have reached 40 victories in the first half and the first time since 2007 .
Up Next : The Dragons host the Loons in the last game of the series on Thursday night at 7:00 p.m. Tony Santillan ( 4-2 , 2.63 ) will start for the Dragons against Great Lakes ' Dustin May ( 3-3 , 3.90 ) . The Dragons will close out the first half with a three-game series at Fort Wayne starting Friday night .
All Dragons games are broadcast on radio on Fox Sports 980 WONE and on the internet at wone.com . Games are also available on the Dayton Dragons mobile app .
For Dragons 2017 ticket information , call ( 937 ) 228-2287 .
Talks over a $ 3 billion investment from Warren Buffett in Uber Technologies Inc. fell apart earlier this year over terms and the deal size , according to news reports Wednesday .
In the proposal , Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.A , +2.10 % BRK.B , +2.23 % would have provided a convertible loan that would have given the famed investor significant exposure to potential upside in the ride-hailing giant , while limiting their risk , according to anonymous sources cited by Bloomberg News .
“ Some of the reported details are not correct , ” Buffett later told CNBC . “ But it 's true that Berkshire had discussions with Uber . ”
Buffett added that he 's a “ great admirer ” of Uber Chief Executive Dara Khosrowshahi .
Also read : Uber posts 55 % jump in first-quarter sales , plans to double down on growth
A successful investment by Buffett could have given Uber a much-needed publicity boost , as companies such as Apple Inc. AAPL , -0.21 % and Teva Pharmeceuticals TEVA , +0.51 % have recently received stock boosts after Buffett 's increased stakes were revealed .
Japanese tech investor SoftBank Group Corp. 9984 , +0.65 % , which holds a 15 % stake in Uber , bought $ 6.5 billion worth of the company 's stock in January at a $ 48 billion valuation . The company announced that several investors will seek to buy $ 400 million to $ 600 million of Uber stock at a $ 62 billion valuation .
Uber released its first-quarter results last week and said it posted adjusted losses of $ 577 million on net revenue of $ 2.5 billion , or a 67 % jump in sales . Including a divestiture and a joint venture , the company said it logged net income of $ 2.5 billion on gross bookings of $ 11.29 billion .
The San Francisco-based company is private and its financial statements are not audited .
Berkshire class A stock was flat after hours and closed up 2.1 % to $ 292,000 during the regular session . Berkshire class A stock is down 1.9 % this year as the S & P 500 index SPX , +1.27 % has gained 0.6 % .
Post 's NFL expert predicts playoffs : The Super Bowl winner is… Post columnist Steve Serby takes out their crystal ball and predicts how the NFL playoffs will go down : NFC Odell Beckham Jr. and Brandon Marshall get their first playoff victories ...
Jets season preview : Searching for hope , bracing for lots of losses Welcome to the 2018 Jets preseason . The Jets have not even played a game yet and it already feels like the 2017 season is over . The focus is on whom ...
How you beat the unbeatable team To beat the Patriots you must know the Patriots . You must understand the laboratory that operates inside the Gillette Stadium offices and the mind of coach Bill Belichick . You must ...
NFC preview : The contenders that could soar past Falcons The Post 's Steve Serby breaks down the NFC , division-by-divison : NFC East 1 . New York Giants Serby Says : 10-6 . Help arrives for Eli Manning . Coach : Ben McAdoo 2016 Record : 11-5 Over/Under ...
Giants greats agree : This defense can be better than us , if ... When you speak to the players and coaches from the great Giants defenses of the past , you quickly sense the unmistakable and unbreakable bond they share . All these years removed ...
AFC preview : Who can challenge the Patriots ? The Post 's Steve Serby breaks down the AFC , division-by-division . AFC East 1 . New England Patriots Serby Says : 12-4 . Repeat after me : Tom Brady and Bill Belichick can survive the loss ...
The players slept outside after complaining about the accommodation
The Tunisian Rugby Union has said it `` strongly deplores '' the `` anti-sports and unethical actions '' of Zimbabwe 's national team after they slept on the streets before a World Cup qualifier .
Zimbabwe said they were were unhappy with the poor standard of their hotel .
The Tunisian Rugby Union said Zimbabwe 's actions did not reflect their `` strong ties of friendship '' .
They added Zimbabwe `` started complaining '' as soon as they landed in the hosts ' capital , Tunis .
`` The head of the Zimbabwean delegation expressed reservations about the state of the bathroom in one of the rooms , the lack of a swimming pool and the low internet speed , '' the Tunisian union said a statement .
`` He started talking about leaving the hotel on the pretext that it is not decent enough for their team .
`` He asked all the members of the delegation to take out their luggage , leave the hotel and spend the night outside on the ground . ''
Zimbabwe players were initially held up at the airport after the authorities said that they had to pay a visa fee of 20 euros ( $ 23 , £18 ) each .
The Tunisian union said the head of the Zimbabwe delegation `` refused '' to pay the fee despite Tunisia informing them in June it would be required .
Tunisia 's statement added such visa procedures are `` common '' when travelling between African countries .
Tunisia are set to play the Sables in the latest round of Rugby Africa 's Gold Cup competition on Saturday , the winner of which will automatically qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan .
Zimbabwe are currently in fourth place and Tunisia are last in the six-team competition .
From Kalida Landon
HANOVER , Pa. ( December 9 , 2017 ) – Drivers , crew members and personnel celebrated another successful season at Trail-Way Speedway , Saturday night at the Southeastern Adams Volunteer Emergency Services Hall in Hanover , PA . Awards were presented to 33 drivers from the six main divisions that raced during Trail-Way 's 45th season . Trail-Way Speedway track announcer and banquet emcee , Scott Hockensmith , thanked Hoosier Tire Mid-Atlantic , Precise Racing Products , Trone Outdoor , Insinger Performance and Crown Trophy for their season sponsorship .
Steve Owings won their first Hoosier Tire Mid-Atlantic 358 Sprint Car championship . Owings claimed the title by 37 points over Isaac Sneeringer . Owings ' season was highlighted by five wins and 13 top fives out of 14 starts . Sneeringer also had a great season claiming three wins including the Insinger Fuels Spring Championship . Steven Kisamore was awarded the 2017 358 Sprint Car Rookie of the Year award .
The Precise Racing Products 358 Late Model Series championship was awarded to Travis Mease . Mease 's season highlights featured seven top fives in ten starts .
Brian Walls was named the 2017 Street Stock champion . Walls dominated the division with six wins and ten top fives in 11 starts . Runner-up , Jeremy Stremmel , posted three wins with seven top fives in 11 feature starts . John Wright received top honors for the 2017 Street Stock Rookie of the Year award .
Brad Weber claimed the 600cc Micro Sprint title over the young up-and-comer , Zane Rudisill . Weber 's season included three wins with seven top fives in nine feature starts . While Rudisill finished the season winless , they did compile four top fives and six top tens in nine feature starts . Mike Sherman was named the 2017 600cc Micro Sprint Rookie of the Year .
Brian Marriott claimed the 270cc Micro Sprint championship by 16 points over Levi Peck . Marriott 's season highlights featured two wins , one of which was on opening day , eight top fives and ten top tens in ten feature starts . Branstin Shue was awarded the 2017 270cc Micro Sprint Rookie of the Year award .
The Limited Stock championship was awarded to Jason Chronister . Chronister 's first track championship was highlighted by three wins and 11 top fives in 14 feature starts . Runner-up , Robbie Carroll , finished 27 points behind Chronister with six wins and 11 top fives finishes in 16 starts . Matt Worley was awarded the 2017 Limited Stock Rookie of the Year award .
The 45th annual event included awards such as the “ Armin Hostetter Annual Appreciation Award ” given to Sherril “ Pop ” Guise , an award for the Trail-Way Speedway Central PA Legends track champion , Chris Transeau , and the annual Lynn Sheaffer Video Award , presented to Roy Denike .
Brad Hostetter , race director , announced opening race dates for the 2018 season . Trail-Way Speedway 's 46th season will open with a practice session on Saturday , March 24 , followed by the first of three AMA Motorcycle Short Track races , Saturday , March 31 . The 600 & 270 Micros along with the Central PA Legends will kick off the 2018 race season , Saturday , April 7 . The Friday night opener will be April 13 , and will feature the Hoosier Tire Mid-Atlantic 358 Sprint Cars and the Large Tire Street Stocks . The 2018 schedule will be posted to the website once it is finalized .
The Large Tire Street Stocks will be a part of our weekly Friday night racing series in 2018 . Trail-Way track management and tech inspectors put a lot of time in this offseason to compile a very competitive and thorough rules package .
Additional improvements for the 2018 racing season include the addition of 20 loads of clay , re-painted walls , upgraded LED pit lights and a new fire aide suppression system which is portable and non-toxic to the driver . The scales in the pits have been raised and will be operational and we anticipate adding new LED track lights to the speedway in the coming months .
Motorama Races and Shows will be held at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex in Harrisburg , PA on February 17-18 , 2018 . Be sure to join us for the nation 's largest all indoor motorsports event with one million square feet of exhibit space and five rooms of racing ! Discount tickets are available through the website www.motoramaevents.com until February 5 , 2018 . For more information , visit the website .
For all the latest news and related information from Trail-Way Speedway , fans are reminded to visit the speedway website at www.trail-wayspeedway.com or the Speedway 's Facebook page www.facebook.com/trailwayspeedway . The complete story and agate from each race night is posted shortly after the final checkered flag falls .
Image copyright Scottish Government Image caption The baby box contains a range of essential products for newborn babies
Baby boxes containing essential items such as clothes , books and blankets are to be delivered to new mothers across Scotland for the first time .
The cardboard boxes also include a mattress and can be used for babies to sleep in as an alternative to a crib .
The Scottish government hopes the boxes will help ensure every baby is given the best possible start in life .
Baby boxes are already given out by some health authorities in other parts of the UK .
But the Scotland-wide rollout , which follows successful pilot projects in Orkney and Clackmannanshire , is the first time they will be available to all expecting mothers in one part of the country .
The Scottish government has given assurances that all of its baby boxes meet the highest UK safety standards for sleeping , with safe sleep guidance provided in a leaflet inside the box and safety guidelines also printed on the lid .
It follows concerns raised earlier this month by cot death charity The Lullaby Trust , whose chief executive Francine Bates said they were unhappy with some boxes being marketed as products which will reduce infant mortality and SIDS ( sudden infant death syndrome ) .
Lynsay Allan , executive director of the Scottish Cot Death Trust , said : `` I am encouraged by the fact that Scotland 's baby box scheme is prompting parents to think about their sleeping practices .
`` While the proven safest place for a baby to sleep is in a cot , crib or Moses basket , I also recognise that the box can be used as a safe sleep space for newborn babies , particularly where families may have no alternative and where they might otherwise unsafely share their bed or sleep on a sofa or chair with their baby . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What 's inside Scotland 's baby boxes ?
Expectant mothers due to give birth on or after 15 August have been able to register to receive their baby box at midwife appointments since June .
The boxes will be sent to the mother 's home address or another preferred location from today .
From January of next year , the baby boxes will be delivered at least four weeks before the baby 's due date .
Early Years Minister Mark McDonald said the Scottish government would continue to monitor feedback as the baby boxes reach more families , and would work with parents and healthcare professionals to keep the contents under review .
And they said the boxes , which have largely been based on a similar scheme in Finland , were just one of a range of measures the government was using to help babies and parents thrive in the crucial early months .
Scotland 's chief medical officer , Dr Catherine Greenwood , said the boxes would also offer healthcare professionals a unique opportunity to introduce expectant parents to a wide range of health promotion information .
Prof Russell Viner of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health said child health in Scotland was among the worst in western Europe - with about 400 infants , children and young people dying each year , a significant number of which were potentially avoidable .
But they said evidence into the effectiveness of baby boxes in reducing child mortality was `` limited '' .
Prof Viner added : `` Therefore the initiative must be carefully evaluated and delivered alongside other policies .
`` These include ensuring universal early-years public health services such as health visitors are prioritised , supported and properly funded , with targeted help for children and families living in poverty .
`` Combining these efforts will improve child health and help bring Scotland 's mortality rates into line with the best performing countries in Europe . ''
The Scottish government 's poverty advisor , Naomi Eisenstadt , said that the boxes might be welcome for parents in poverty , but questioned whether offering them as a universal benefit was the best use of public money .
Maybe LeBron James was being “ whiny , ” but he 's also getting exactly what they wanted .
Just a few weeks after James ranted about the defending NBA champions being “ top-heavy as s— ” and having a “ lack of bodies ” — triggering criticism from Charles Barkley and igniting a war of words between the stars — the Cavaliers are on the verge of adding inside and outside depth with the expected signings of veterans Deron Williams and Andrew Bogut . The deals could be finalized as soon as Monday .
Williams , 32 , negotiated their release from the Mavericks last week and cleared waivers , allowing them to sign with Cleveland for the veteran 's minimum . The three-time All-Star has averaged 13.1 points and 6.9 assists this season and will give the Cavaliers a true backup point guard for the first time all season .
On Saturday , recent Cleveland acquisition Kyle Korver talked about how much their former teammate — with the Jazz — wanted to play for a winner .
“ He wants to be a part of an opportunity to win a championship , ” Korver said . “ And just being here the whole time I 've been here , and just seeing where there are some of the holes — or not holes , but where we can be better — and knowing who they are and their skill set , I think it 's an incredible fit .
“ I told them this is a great team to be on , ” Korver added . “ The locker room is amazing . Because I think you 're always wondering about that in the back of your mind . Just tried to tell them that these guys are great , and they 're welcoming . You 're going to have no problem fitting in . There 's a real need for you , I think . When you have a team that 's this good and has won a championship , where do you really have a hole , where do you really have a need ? There 's a real need for someone like him . ”
There 's also always a need for a defensive presence in the paint , which Bogut — who was traded from Dallas to Philadelphia last week and is now negotiating a buyout — would provide , as they did as the starting center on Golden State 's 2015 title team . Numerous playoff teams , such as the Spurs , Rockets and Celtics , were reportedly interested in signing Bogut , but the Australian reportedly prefers signing with the defending champs and their four-time MVP .
“ The Cleveland Cavaliers , they have given them everything they wanted , ” Barkley said of James during their recent war of words .
And they keep getting more .
Already have an account ?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access .
You can cancel anytime .
Thank you to all the friends , lovers and listeners who chose to open up their hearts and share dedications on the Valentine 's Day edition of PillowTalk . West Hartford , Bristol , Waterbury , New Britain , Vernon , Norwich , Chester , Torrington , Holyoke , Portland , East Hartford , Litchfield , Berlin , Manchester , Bloomfield , Terryville and other towns throughout the tri-state area turned to PillowTalk to keep their love and romance alive .
Among the highlights :
A gentleman by the name of “ T ” from Holyoke , MA called to dedicate a song to their wife Linda while they were driving back from a romantic Valentine dinner . They were fixed up by T 's children and Linda 's cousin who were friends . They kept telling T that they had a nice single lady they wanted to fix them up with . They finally gave in . They went out to dinner on their first date at a nearby restaurant . T knew they were the one when they were willing to share the same scorpion bowl without any hesitation . They have been married for about 11 years . T talks about their reasons for making a PillowTalk dedication below…listen .
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE , Ohio ( WDTN ) – Local military men and women honored a part of the Wright Brothers ' flying field Friday morning .
McCook Field is celebrating its 100 anniversary and is officially named “ The Cradle of Aviation ” at the Friday afternoon ceremony .
The field was operated by the U.S. Signal Corps Avation but the land was too small and officials closed it and moved the field to the 4,520 acres near Huffman Prairie .
Lt. Gen. Robert McMurry , commander of Air Force Life Cycle Management Center , Nan Whaley , Mayor of Dayton and Maj. Gen. William Cooley , commander of the Air Force Research Laboratory spoke at the ceremony and there was a presentation of the “ The Cradle of Aviation ” plaque .
100th Anniversary of McCook Field View as list View as gallery Open Gallery ( WDTN Photo/Chris Smith ) ( WDTN Photo/Chris Smith ) ( WDTN Photo/Chris Smith ) ( WDTN Photo/Chris Smith ) ( WDTN Photo/Chris Smith ) ( WDTN Photo/Chris Smith )
Eagles were already scary , but now they look unstoppable This message on the Eagles ' official Twitter account summed up Philadelphia 's 51-23 butt-kicking of the Broncos on Sunday : “ Apologies , we actually ran out of fireworks at @ LFF Stadium . # FlyEaglesFly ” That 's ...
Fantasy football : Adrian Peterson is back , but for how long ? When the Madman tells you Adrian Peterson is the Bane of our existence , we mean it quite literally . AP , All-Day , whatever you want to call the new Cardinals running back , ...
Packers fooling themselves if they think they have QB answer Another one bites the dust . Another big one . Aaron Rodgers joined the list of superstar players who could or will miss the rest of the season on Sunday when he ...
Sagging Steelers , last chance for Hall of Fame RB : 5 NFL things to watch Week 6 in the NFL features several key showdown games that should shape how the rest of the season goes . One of those games is between the surprising 3-2 Jets ...
New Cardinal Adrian Peterson is an acceptable fantasy risk Imagine you visit your favorite steakhouse for dinner . Before you order , the waiter informs you they are out of all the choice cuts — no filets , no sirloins , and no ...
Adrian Peterson traded in last chance for relevance Adrian Peterson will get a bigger chance to prove he 's not washed up . Peterson was traded on Tuesday from the Saints to the Cardinals after being a non-factor in New ...
Adrian Peterson is already unhappy with Saints role Adrian Peterson is not appreciating their new reality . The former MVP was used sparingly as part of a three-back rotation in their Saints ' debut on Monday night , a 29-19 loss ...
Falcons , Luck lead five NFL storylines to watch in Week 1 The anticipated Week 1 of the NFL season finally has arrived . Here are the High five things to watch on this week 's schedule : Hangover to watch How the Falcons , who ...
The NFL 's 50 most fascinating people in 2017 Many new faces surface on The Post 's NFL 's 50 Most Fascinating People list for the 2017 season . It is never easy keeping Richard Sherman off this list , but we 'll make ...
From Tony Veneziano
GRAND FORKS , N.D. ( April 17 , 2017 ) — Tickets are now on sale for both legs of the Gerdau Northern Tour for the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at River Cities Speedway in Grand Forks , North Dakota and can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by calling SLS Promotions at 815-344-2023 . The 1st Leg of the Gerdau Northern Tour is set for Friday , June 16 , with the series returning on Friday , August 18 for the 2nd Leg of the Gerdau Northern Tour . Single event tickets as well as two-race ticket packages can be purchased .
Donny Schatz swept both races at River Cities Speedway last season , which marked the second straight year the eight-time and defending series champion has won a pair of races at the high-banked bullring in their home state . Schatz has eight-career wins with the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at River Cities Speedway , including in five of the last six races over the previous three seasons . They have won six races already this season and is the current point leader as they chase their ninth title .
Joey Saldana has a pair of wins at River Cities Speedway in their World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series career , with the first coming in the series inaugural event at the track in 2007 . They also won at River Cities Speedway in 2010 . Daryn Pittman , the 2013 World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series champion , won for the first time at River Cities Speedway in 2014 .
Battling Schatz , Pittman and Saldana in 2017 is a talented group of full-time competitors , including David Gravel who has four wins this season and is second in points , Brad Sweet , who is third in the standings , with a pair of victories , as well as Jason Johnson , who also has two wins this season and is fourth in the standings .
Shane Stewart , who drives for a team co-owned by NASCAR Monster Energy Cup Series point leader Kyle Larson , is sixth in points . Veteran drivers Jason Sides , Paul McMahan , Kraig Kinser and Greg Wilson are all back on the road again in 2017 . Logan Schuchart , who already has a win this season , Jacob Allen and Clyde Knipp represent the next generation of World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series drivers . Sheldon Haudenschild from Ohio and Brent Marks from Pennsylvania are battling for the Kevin Gobrecht Rookie of the Year Award .
Tickets for both legs of the Gerdau Northern Tour for the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series events at River Cities Speedway on Friday , June 16 and Friday , August 18 can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by calling 815-344-2023 . Tickets can also be purchased at the River Cities Speedway track office , area ticket outlets and at the track on race day .
For more information on tickets , visit http : //slspromotions.ticketforce.com .
Twitter : @ SLS_Promotions
Facebook : SLS Promotions LLC
Report : ‘ Lots of drama ' surrounding Lane Kiffin departure at Alabama
There may well be more than meets the eye going on with regards to Lane Kiffin 's departure at Alabama .
The school announced Monday that Kiffin was leaving as offensive coordinator effective immediately to begin focusing on their new head coaching job at Florida Atlantic . It appeared surprising and abrupt at first glance with a title game looming , but a series of reports in the aftermath of that statement indicated that there 's a lot more going on , and it has been building for some time .
FOX Sports 's Bruce Feldman tweeted of “ lots of drama ” behind the scenes surrounding Kiffin in the past week .
Not shocked Nick Saban has made this move now .. Heard there was LOTS of drama inside the # Alabama program with Lane Kiffin in the past week . — Bruce Feldman ( @ BruceFeldmanCFB ) January 2 , 2017
Furthermore , Pat Forde of Yahoo ! Sports indicated that Kiffin has had issues with head coach Nick Saban that go back much further than that .
There was talk at SEC title game about Kiffin being gone after that game . Some folks w ear to the ground said Saban had had enough of him . — Pat Forde ( @ YahooForde ) January 2 , 2017
With few details , we 're left to speculate . Kiffin did draw a lot of headlines when they hopped on the coaching carousel , particularly in their failed pursuit of the Houston job . Saban may have seen it as a distraction for a team with championship aspirations , and they did try to downplay the rumor mill last month . Perhaps it had to do with gameplanning , or maybe the two men simply never got along and it was always a marriage of convenience .
Barcelona against Chelsea has got everyone 's mouths watering in the Champions League last 16 , but Lionel Messi would probably have preferred a different opponent .
Messi is unquestionably one of the best ever to play the game with 525 goals for Barcelona since their debut in 2004 .
In that time they have won 29 major trophies with the Catalan giants , including eight LaLiga titles and four Champions Leagues .
Lionel Messi : Has never scored in 8 appearances against Chelsea -- It 's their worst record against a team in their career pic.twitter.com/yBcYErQXTe — WhoScored.com ( @ WhoScored ) December 11 , 2017
Individual honours have come their way too with five Ballons d'Or and four European Golden Shoe awards .
They will go into the last 16 just three shorts of a century of Champions League goals , however , scoring against Chelsea is something they have never done in eight attempts .
The Argentine maestro has recorded 29 shots in those meetings with the Premier League club without success , a duck they will hope to break in 2018 .
Security Guard Kills 6 Children , Burning Them Alive While Embracing Them [ PICTURES ]
Another evil tragedy has struck in Brazil , and it 's one that will send shivers down your spine if you are a parent of toddlers . There were a total of six toddlers as well as their teacher who were barbarically burned alive while at a nursery .
The police are sure that they have the murder , whose name is Damiao Soares dos Santos , age 50 . Apparently reports are saying that Soares was a security guard with a lot of mental issues . They had entered the nursery classroom which was located in the Innocent Children 's People Municipal Education Centre in Janaúba , Brazil . They took the teacher , 43 year old Helley Abreu Batistaof , and locked them in a closet , then acquired gasoline and poured it over the six helpless children , as well as himself .
They lit themselves on fire , which also caught the children on fire as well .
When police went to the scumbags home to investigate , they had found gallons of fuel . This reveals that this evil massacre was premeditated . I myself have been hard time putting mentally ill , and premeditated together . One spokesperson for the police department said :
‘ Investigators believe the crime was premeditated and through diligent research they found gallons of fuel at the residence of the perpetrator . '
‘ It was also found that Damiao symbolically marked the date of their father 's death , three years ago as the date to carry out the attack . They told their family on Tuesday , that they had ‘ a gift to give to everyone ' and they would soon find out . Investigators also ascertained that they were mentally ill and appeared to be obsessed with children . '
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins 's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life . Gleaned from a lifetime of trial , error , and writing it down , Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short , digestible chapters . Buy Now
‘ The bodies of four children and the offender , Damião Soares dos Santos , have been released for burial . '
There was a total of 50 who were at the center during the time of the attack , but all of them generally rage in between 5 and 6 years of age .
Four of the children were pronounced dead at the scene , and the teacher as well as two other children died later while at the hospital . As if that was n't bad enough , 23 other victims are still recovering fro various injuries in the hospital , with seven more fighting for their lives in critical condition .
This evil guard that was supposed to be the children 's protector , had been described as 'embracing ' some of the children to get them to light on fire as they are .
Truly , there is not much news out there right now that makes me sick to my stomach , but this one does so much more than that for me . I imagine that anyone with children would be beyond horrified if this effected their loved ones personally . I can only imagine , and dread they absolute anguish the parents of these precious little ones must be feeling .
So was it the gasoline that took the lives of these children , or the sick piece of trash that planned out this whole nightmare ? That 's what I though , lefties .
1:17
White House : Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face , one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Image copyright Hawkins family Image caption Alice Hawkins led the suffragette movement in Leicester and was jailed five times for their efforts
A statue is to be unveiled this weekend in Leicester to Alice Hawkins , a leading light of the suffragette movement who was jailed five times during their struggle to achieve equality . BBC News takes a look at their remarkable life .
`` You must use your vote ; we suffered for it . '' This is the lasting memory the family of Hawkins have of them saying to them .
Born into a working-class family in Stafford in 1863 , they left school at the age of 13 and by their early 20s was working as a machinist at the Equity Shoe factory in Leicester .
They soon realised that working conditions and pay for women were inferior compared to those of their male colleagues and began campaigning for equality .
Great-grandson Peter Barrett said : `` She was a shoe machinist working long hours but a very determined woman .
`` She wanted equal pay for the women working in the shoe factories in Leicester . ''
Charged by mounted police
Hawkins became disillusioned with the trade union movement , as they felt its main focus was to improve conditions for men , and instead turned to the Women 's Social and Political Union ( WSPU ) .
After attending their first meeting of the WSPU in February 1907 , followed by a march to the House of Commons , Hawkins was jailed for the first time .
They were one of several women charged down by mounted police and sent to Holloway prison .
Image copyright From family of Alice Hawkins Image caption Hawkins being escorted to prison for their part in digging the words `` votes for women '' on a local golf course
This first stint in jail had a profound affect on Hawkins , their family recalled , and the following month they invited Sylvia Pankhurst to speak in Leicester .
The Leicester branch of the WSPU was formed shortly after and Hawkins began a `` tireless campaign '' of speaking at village greens and outside factory gates to get women from all walks of life to join the suffragette cause .
However , not everyone was sympathetic , Mr Barratt said , and campaigners were `` frequently heckled , harangued and physically assaulted '' .
Pauper 's grave
But they had their sights fixed on the future .
`` Alice saw that through the vote , women would become empowered in society of the day , '' they said .
And that day finally came with the passing of the 1918 Representation of the People Act , giving the vote to the first women - although not all women - in Britain .
Hawkins , like many other `` rank-and-file '' suffragettes , went back to a normal life not quite realising what a difference they made to society , Mr Barratt said .
So perhaps they would be surprised that on Sunday , a statue in their memory will be unveiled in Leicester 's Market Square .
Fittingly , Emmeline Pankhurst 's great-granddaughter , Dr Helen Pankhurst , is due to attend the event .
`` I think it will really add to the occasion to have Helen there as their great-grandmother , grandmother and sisters gave so much support to Alice , '' Mr Barratt said .
Hawkins died in 1946 , aged 83 , and was buried in a pauper 's grave .
Them family have worked hard to honour their memory and remember a woman of determination and courage .
`` My mum would say Granny Alice would never back down in a family argument - they were made of true grit , '' Mr Barratt said .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Rangers striker Ryan Hardie has admitted that their loan spells helped them to become a better player .
The 20-year-old , who is a product of Rangers ' youth system , made their first team debut for the club in a Scottish League Cup match against Falkirk in 2014 .
Hardie had to wait until April 2015 to make their first start for Rangers , but they managed to mark the occasion by scoring twice in a 3-1 win over Dumbarton in the Scottish Championship .
However , they found game time hard to come by at Ibrox and joined Raith Rovers on loan in February 2016 .
In the summer of 2016 , Hardie was snapped up by St. Mirren on a six-month loan deal , with the striker re-joining Raith Rovers on a similar temporary contract in January 2017 .
And Hardie , who has represented Scotland up to Under-21 level , insisted that the loan spells away from Rangers aided in their development as a player and a person .
“ Definitely ” , they told Rangers TV , when asked if going out on loan made them a better player .
“ I mean it was a different experience to play first team football [ regularly ] .
“ It helped me develop as a player and as a person .
“ So , I think the loan spells were definitely beneficial for me . ”
Hardie , whose present contract with Rangers is due to expire next summer , has managed to clock up just 48 minutes over six league games this season .
Most applicants are capable , but it 's a lot harder to find someone who is easy to get along with .
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
When it comes to success in life , do n't count on the “ X factor ” to give you a boost . Consider your “ L factor ” instead .
Are you likable ? Are you sure ? It could determine whether you get raises , promotions and invitations . It could also trump competence and skill in certain cases .
Can you make yourself more likable ? Absolutely , experts say .
“ The reality is social skills , being happy and being positive around others — that does n't come naturally to a lot of people , ” said Patrick King , author of `` The Science of Likability : 27 Studies to Master Charisma , Attract Friends , Captivate People , and Take Advantage of Human Psychology . ''
“ It 's not easy . It takes practice… [ but ] it 's learnable . ”
The “ L factor ” looms large when companies choose who to hire . It 's all about that elusive fit : Most applicants are capable , but it 's a lot harder to find someone who is easy to get along with , King noted .
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Are You the Office Jerk ? You Probably Would n't Know It 00:01:20
When people have a choice of who to work with , likability can sometimes matter a little bit more than competence , said Tiziana Casciaro , an associate professor at the University of Toronto 's Rotman School of Management , who researches likability in the workplace .
“ When somebody lacks basic rapport with a colleague , they will not work with them ; they will try to avoid them , even when they recognize their competence , ” Casciaro said .
What can you do to increase your chances of being liked ? These strategies can help :
Find the little thread that links you with another person
“ The biggest driver of liking is similarity . We like people like ourselves , ” Casciaro said . “ It increases warmth and the sense of camaraderie . ”
You can induce a sense of similarity with almost anybody by finding things you have in common . They may not be apparent right away , so be observant . Great salespeople do this all the time by studying potential customers for bits and pieces of their lives they can relate to , they noted .
You could look for little clues on a person 's desk or ask about their hobbies . Perhaps you 've both been to Paris or you 're both addicted to Nutella or you both love “ Game of Thrones. ” Be sure to let the other person know about your shared common ground .
Like someone and they 'll like you right back
We like people who seem to like us — it 's almost irresistible , Casciaro noted .
Flattery can convey fondness , but they do n't recommend using the fake manipulative kind , even though it may work . “ People believe compliments even if they are absolutely absurd . We want to believe them , ” they said . “ [ But ] flattery that is completely made up is exhausting and morally reprehensible . ”
Instead , let a compliment come from a real place . See the positive in a person and express it to them : “ I really appreciate what you did yesterday. ” When you give people kudos , it goes a very long way towards them liking you back .
Be a familiar presence
Humans like things that are familiar , so just seeing you around in person makes you more likable to others .
“ This concept gives a whole new meaning to the idea of face time , ” Casciaro said . “ When you have the opportunity to relate to your colleagues face-to-face , do so . ”
Swing by a coworker 's desk rather than messaging him . Go to after-work drinks if you have time and would find the outing enjoyable — if not , just try to talk to people as much as possible in person during work hours , they advised . You want to maximize rich interactions and cut down on the drier ones , like texts and phone calls . Be sure to be seen .
When you give people kudos , it goes a very long way towards them liking you back . When you give people kudos , it goes a very long way towards them liking you back .
Be a little vulnerable
In a recent study , people liked a robot that made mistakes “ significantly more ” than a robot that performed flawlessly . The findings confirm the “ Pratfall Effect , ” a psychological phenomenon that found when someone we consider superior or distant makes a clumsy blunder , it makes them more likable . The effect is endearing , whether it 's committing a small gaffe or revealing a slightly awkward personal detail , so be OK with sometimes sharing something that makes you a bit vulnerable , King said .
“ People seem to enjoy the fact that I was a fat kid , ” they noted . “ Introducing a weakness or a flaw about yourself … is about showing your humanity . ”
A person who seems absolutely beyond reproach and fabulous in every way can elicit envy , so showing a little bit of vulnerability can help , Casciaro added . Celebrities do this all the time by sharing self-deprecating stories , often with a bit of humor .
Ask lots of questions
Have a genuine sense of wonder and curiosity about the other person , King advised . A recent study found people who asked more questions , particularly follow-up questions , were better liked by their conversation partners .
“ When you have curiosity and when you care about someone , the conversation takes care of itself , ” King said .
Image copyright Wales News Service Image caption Michelle Field was found guilty of racially aggravated common assault
A woman who spat in a five-month-old girl 's face after a racist rant at their grandmother them been ordered to pay their compensation .
Michelle Field , 46 , was convicted of a racially aggravated common assault on the girl , who was being pushed in a pram in Pembroke Dock , Pembrokeshire .
Field , from the town , had denied the charge , claiming mistaken identity .
At Haverfordwest Magistrates ' Court they were given a suspended prison sentence and told to pay the child £200 .
They received a 26-week sentence suspended for 24 months , as well as a 12-month community order , 25 rehabilitation activity requirement days and 200 hours of unpaid work .
The court heard Field had directed comments about `` dirty , stinking Gypsies '' at the grandmother , before spitting at the girl .
The grandmother said Field told them `` that 's what I think of your child '' .
After the assault , the baby 's mother arrived and rushed the child into a nearby hall to wash saliva off their face , the court heard .
Witnesses who saw the assault marched Field across the road to a nearby police station .
In a victim impact statement , the little girl 's mother said they were `` especially worried '' as the baby had to have at least 10 hospital appointments before being given the all-clear .
During the case , Field had maintained they would not spit at a child .
Bridgegate ringleader could dodge jail time New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie 's “ fixer ” at the Port Authority could get a get-out-of-jail-free card for their role masterminding the notorious Bridgegate scandal . Newark prosecutors have asked federal judge Susan ...
Christie aides get prison for role in Bridgegate scandal Two cronies of Chris Christie were sentenced to prison Wednesday for the “ Bridgegate ” scheme that stranded countless commuters in a series of politically-orchestrated traffic jams . In lowering the boom on ...
Feds want ex-Christie aides thrown in jail for 3 years The government wants two former aide​s of New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie​ tossed in prison for up to three years for closing down lanes on the George Washington Bridge to ...
Ex-Christie aides convicted in Bridgegate want new trial NEWARK , N.J. — Jurors who convicted two former allies of Republican Gov . Chris Christie in a political revenge plot acted improperly by disobeying the judge 's orders during deliberations , the two ...
Christie calls Bridgegate 'stupid , ' still insists they are n't involved New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie , speaking publicly for the first time since two former aides were convicted in the Bridgegate trial , insisted Monday their reputation remains intact . A federal jury ...
The big question left unanswered in the Bridgegate trial Chris Christie may not have faced criminal charges , but they still took a major political hit in the Bridgegate trial that has just seen two members of their inner circle ...
Chris Christie aides found guilty in Bridgegate trial Two former aides to New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie were found guilty on Friday of shutting down entrance lanes to the George Washington Bridge to punish the mayor of Fort ...
Ex-Christie aides ask for mistrial in Bridgegate case Two former aides of New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie filed a written request for a mistrial Thursday — but the four-page letter was almost entirely redacted . The sealed request follows ...
Bridgegate jurors dismissed early while lawyers convene Jurors at the trial of two former aides to New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie were sent home early Wednesday after just four hours on their third day of deliberations . The ...
ARLINGTON , Texas — The “ Mr . September ” handle has n't been claimed by anyone in the Yankees ' universe , right ?
Reggie Jackson has “ Mr . October ” and Derek Jeter “ Mr . November , ” and anyone 40 or older wo n't forget Dave Winfield being tagged as “ Mr . May ” in a particularly brutal George Steinbrenner diss .
So how about Tyler Austin joins this crowd ?
Too soon , naturally . Yet for a young player who does n't have much major league playing time at all , whose 2017 has been defined by injury and aggravation , they sure has made their mark in the regular season 's final month .
On Saturday afternoon , at Globe Life Park , the rookie delivered a ninth-inning , bases-loaded single off Rangers righty Ricky Rodriguez to break a tie and push the Yankees to a 3-1 victory over Texas . Austin had just entered the game on defense in the eighth , and this marked just their second at-bat in six days .
“ It 's not easy , ” manager Joe Girardi said . “ But in their young amount of time here , he 's had some big hits for us . We 've seen them from him . I think they had a walk-off homer . They had a big homer in the Boston series . Just a really good approach on their part . … To be able to stay ready , it 's a lot of credit to him . ”
Austin did produce a walk-off homer , on Sept. 8 , 2016 , against the Rays . They did knock a big homer in the Boston series , in a 4-3 victory over the Sawx this past Aug. 19 at Fenway Park . They also slammed a two-run , go-ahead homer against the Blue Jays on Sept. 6 of last year .
However , those previous successes gave Austin no confidence , they insisted , when their turn arrived Saturday . Rather , their previous unrequested hiatus dominated their mind . Instead , they said , “ I was a little nervous going up there , ” a byproduct of not playing very much .
“ Once I saw the first pitch , I kind of calmed myself down , ” they said , “ and tried to get something and tried not to do too much with it . ”
By the time they saw that first pitch , the Yankees had tied the score at 1-1 , ensuring Luis Severino would n't be tagged with a loss after allowing just one hit and three walks in seven innings , on an eighth-inning rally during which Matt Holliday pinch-hit for starting first baseman Greg Bird against lefty reliever Alex Claudio and singled . Austin had received a heads-up from Girardi and bench coach Rob Thomson that if Bird got lifted for a pinch-hitter , they would enter the game at first base .
With the bases jammed and one out in the ninth , Austin came up and connected on the second pitch they saw , a hanging slider , and belted it to left field , scoring Judge with the lead run . Ellsbury scored an insurance run on Chase Headley 's bases-loaded walk , and Aroldis Chapman successfully returned to the closer 's role with a 1-2-3 ninth , the first out coming when Austin stretched to grab Starlin Castro 's wobbly relay on Elvis Andrus ' soft grounder . Replay officials upheld the outcall after a Rangers challenge .
“ It was a big play , ” Austin said . “ Changed the inning . ”
Their hit changed the game .
“ It was one of the bigger hits that we 've had this year , ” Headley said .
Austin surely envisioned moments like this , though with a different buildup . A fractured left ankle in February and a right hamstring strain in June sidelined them for much of the season . They find themselves in a similarly tenuous place on the organizational depth chart as a year ago .
“ Definitely not the way you draw it up , to be honest , ” they said . “ I think I have [ 217 ] at-bats in the entire season . Guys get that in the first month and a half , two months . Definitely not how you draw it up . But what can you do ? ”
You can salvage things now . During their brief big league career , Austin has a .306/.382/.612 slash line in 22 September/October ( regular season ) games .
They chuckled at the “ Mr . September ” suggestion .
“ Hopefully we can get a few more hits like that , ” they said . “ We could use them . ”
As the Yankees have seen during these topsy-turvy last few weeks , you ca n't have too many big hits , or too many heroes , this time of the season .
MARIA STEIN – Every player in Arcanum 's lineup collected a hit on Monday as the Lady Trojan softball team beat Marion Local 11-4 .
Arcanum should have scored a couple more runs , Coach Rick Stone said , but overall they were pleased with the way the Trojans swung the bats at Marion Local .
“ Everybody is putting the bat on the ball , ” they said . “ McKenzie Sharritts , she 's continuing to hit the ball great all year long . They did a great job at the plate tonight . Brittany Kinney hit the ball well tonight . ”
Marion Local scored first with a run in the bottom half of the first inning , but Arcanum quickly responded with three runs in the second inning and five in the third to go up 8-1 .
Marion Local scored its final three runs in the fifth inning while Arcanum added two in the sixth and one in the seventh for the 11-4 final score .
Sharritts led the Arcanum offense by going 3-for-5 . Shai Robinson was 2-for-4 , and Kinney had a double .
Elle Siculan pitched the complete game to earn the win .
“ Elle pitched a great game for us , played some good defense behind her , and we got the job done , ” Stone said .
Arcanum improved to 12-2 on the season with Monday 's victory .
“ We still have n't peaked , ” Stone said . “ We made some mistakes here and there . The defense has let us down a couple games . They 're getting better . They 're not hanging their heads . They 've getting better every week . ”
http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7244.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7246.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7248.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7253.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7258.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7261.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7266.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7270.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7271.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7273.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7274.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7277.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7281.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate Arcanum 's Hannah Weaver fields a ball during a softball game against Marion Local on Monday in Maria Stein . http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Hannah-Weaver-WEB.jpg Arcanum 's Hannah Weaver fields a ball during a softball game against Marion Local on Monday in Maria Stein . Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner [ email protected ]
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Midtown biz hoping gridlock breaker delivers The city 's new anti-gridlock system is a welcome relief for Midtown business owners , who said yesterday they are plagued with late deliveries because of trucks tied up in mind-numbing traffic ....
Posh hotel : Bus stop stinking up cafe plan It 's the food snobs vs. the working stiffs ! In a move that would give Ralph Kramden heartburn , a ritzy Midtown hotel wants the city to move a bus stop 80 ...
Boozy basher chef guilty A booze-loving chef who once worked at the posh Jean-Georges Vongerichten restaurant Spice Market pleaded guilty yesterday to felony assault for pounding an elderly man like a veal cutlet during ...
Boozy chef cops to beating elderly stranger on Bleecker St. A booze-loving chef who once worked at the posh Jean-Georges Vongerichten restaurant Spice Market pleaded guilty today to felony assault — for pounding an elderly man like a veal cutlet ...
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Bloomberg Job seekers wait in line to speak with company representatives during a Choice Career Fair event in Seattle in January 2016 .
More than seven years into the economic expansion , there 's a final frontier remaining .
Full employment .
Economists , investors and analysts have little agreement on what “ full employment ” actually is , making it difficult to determine if the economy has reached that point or what additional steps are needed to get there .
Seven and a half years in , it 's also thoroughly hackneyed to say that any one economic indicator is more important than others . But after a quiet holiday lull that followed one of the biggest political upsets in recent history , the January 6 nonfarm payrolls report will certainly command attention .
Friday 's report will tell us how many net new jobs were created in December , the first full month of hiring after the election surprise . But it may also help set the stage for job-growth expectations entering in a new phase of the recovery—one at , or very near , full employment .
Economists surveyed by MarketWatch are forecasting that 170,000 jobs were created in December , just a tick below the 178,000 created in November .
Regions ' Chief Economist Richard Moody called for a gain of 183,000 jobs in a preview , writing : “ We think seasonal adjustment noise could lead to an inflated estimate of hiring in the goods-producing industries . ”
Joshua Shapiro , chief U.S. economist for MFR , Inc. , told MarketWatch that they expect job creation to hover in a range for the next several months .
A lot will depend on the participation rate , they said , which is “ locked in a tug of war ” with broad demographic trends pushing it lower even as fresh opportunities in the labor market pull some formerly discouraged people back into the workforce .
Shapiro believes corporate profit margins are going to be increasingly squeezed , which will become a headwind to hiring . It could mean that the proposed Trump policies embraced in financial markets wo n't bear fruit until 2018 .
Shapiro also thinks wage growth , which has been tepid at best , is a strong sign that there 's still slack in the labor market .
But Goldman Sachs economist David Mericle took a slightly different view in a note published last week . They cited a signal from Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen that full employment may be near . Yellen , last month , said that “ the labor market looks a lot like the way it did before the recession . ”
Read : Fed no longer expects labor market to get much better
“ While broader measures of underemployment show a bit of slack remaining , they also indicate that the labor market is very close to full employment , ” Mericle wrote . “ Employment growth has been stronger this year than before the recession , and survey measures indicate that labor demand remains even more robust than in 2007 , ” just before the recession started .
Looking for a new job in 2017 ? Avoid these mistakes ( 4:28 ) Finding a new job is near the top of many people 's new year 's resolutions , but being properly prepared can make that goal come true . Career coach Roy Chen joins Lunch Break and outlines critical mistakes people make when setting out to find and interviewing for a new job . Photo : iStock
Mericle acknowledges that wage growth remains disappointing . It 's lower than it 's been in previous economic cycles , and at about 2.8 % annualized , it 's even below Goldman estimates of where wage growth should find equilibrium in the long run , at 3-3.5 % .
Still , Mericle believes the U.S. is close enough to full employment that wages and inflation will start to pick up speed . “ We expect that the Fed will need to tighten financial conditions meaningfully with three hikes in 2017 to prevent the unemployment rate from falling to levels that much of the Federal Open Market Committee appears to view as unsustainably and undesirably low . ”
That 's disconcerting , because many economists believe that economic expansions do n't die of old age . Rather , it 's the Fed , acting aggressively , that kills them .
The seascape painting ‘ Mind-blown ' by contemporary painter Sarah Jane Brown will feature at an exclusive evening art exhibition at The Discerner Gallery , Mayfair on 6th December 2017 .
Through painting Sarah Jane explores their relationship with their immediate environment , using the landscape metaphorically to examine more emotional concerns . Sarah Jane 's natural ability to convey the intensity of their experiences presents an emotional narrative throughout the body of their work , encouraging viewers to connect and engage on a deeper level .
‘ Connecting with the space of being out in the landscape allows you to gain perspective ; to be more aware of everything around you , to look both inward and outward whilst being in the present moment , ' explains Sarah Jane . ‘ The landscape has an immense power to stir emotions in people . I think that 's just a real human experience ; when we 're out in the landscape , it stirs something up . In the process of painting , I go through that range of emotions as well , and then I 'm also mindful of the emotive response in the viewer of the end result . Emotion is what drives me because it is such a human thing . I 'm trying to communicate something , and I want it to be meaningful to the person that views it . '
This special evening on Wednesday 6th December at The Discerner Gallery will present an exclusive showing of a number of works from a select group of highly talented artists , and promises to be an exceptional event . The exhibition of paintings will also be available to view at other times by appointment . Sarah Jane 's painting will also feature within the latest issue of their luxury art publication The Discerner Magazine .
Sarah Jane has exhibited widely across the UK including several solo shows in Cardiff and prestigious exhibitions in London . Them paintings are now collected internationally . Forthcoming exhibitions include the Russell Gallery 's Christmas Show , London , 30th November 2017 – 27th January 2018 , Off The Wall Gallery 's Christmas Show , Cardiff , from 9th December 2017 , and the Surrey Contemporary Art Fair 23-25 February 2018 . Current work can also be viewed at Etcetera Gallery in St Davids , Off The Wall Gallery in Cardiff , and the Russell Gallery in London . For further information visit www.sjbart.com .
Evening Art Exhibition at The Discerner Gallery , Mayfair , London , Wednesday 6th December . Invitation only , please contact Celine Gaurier-Joubert on 0207 491 9925 or celine @ thediscerner.com for details .
Art Exhibition at The Discerner Gallery , Mayfair , London . Viewings by appointment only , please contact Celine Gaurier-Joubert on 0207 491 9925 or celine @ thediscerner.com for details .
For more information please visit : www.sjbart.com
( Visited 4 times , 1 visits today )
We are excited to announce that VMware vRealize Operations for Horizon and Published Applications 6.4 has reached general availability ! This latest version includes many new features that benefit VMware Horizon 7 and Citrix customers . In this release , you will find the following features :
App Volumes – Monitors AppStack attach time during the user login process .
Application usage – Reports who used which applications and when , for RDSH applications and desktops , and also for virtual desktops .
Application-crash alerts – Notifies administrators of application crashes .
Root-cause analysis dashboard – Quickly pinpoints what is causing user issues .
Cloud Pod Architecture – Quickly identifies the pod that is hosting a user or session , and the pod host .
Access Point – Alerts administrators about Access Point capacity .
VMware vRealize Operations for Horizon and Published Applications 6.4 supports the following newly released platforms :
Read the entire article here , VMware vRealize Operations for Horizon and Published Applications 6.4 , Part 1 : What 's New – VMware End-User Computing Blog
via the fine folks at VMware !
Forget beautiful scenery and fresh country air , there 's now another reason to visit the Peak District – the supernatural .
Tourists and locals have claimed to have spotted a mysterious ghost plane flying around the Derbyshire countryside in the United Kingdom .
According to reports , there have been several sightings of a Douglas Dakota aircraft that used to be flown by the RAF in the mid 20th century , one of which was reported to have crashed in the area in the 1940s .
Recently , a woman revealed that they were enjoying a country walk when they spotted a silent plane flying towards her , which then disappeared .
They are n't alone – local Pam Orridge also saw a similar apparition while driving with their son nearly the village of Rowsley a few years ago .
They told the Derbyshire Times : “ Suddenly in front of us was an aircraft flying very low towards us , so low we thought it would crash into us , but then it banked sideways and disappeared . ”
They added : “ We could not identify the aircraft other than it was old because it happened so quickly and left us quite shocked . ”
Since then , others also have come forward to report sightings of a silent old aircraft .
The Peak District is known locally as the UK 's Bermuda Triangle because of the high number of plane crashes it experiences .
In the 1930s , 40s and 50s , it was the scene of more than 130 deaths from plane crashes .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
This article originally appeared on The Sun .
CVS To Spend $ 69 Billion To Buy Aetna
CVS Health Corp. plans to buy Aetna Inc. for $ 69 billion in a blockbuster deal that would further consolidate the U.S. healthcare industry by merging the nation 's largest pharmacy chain with a major healthcare insurer , the companies announced Sunday .
CVS , which operates 9,700 drugstores and 1,100 walk-in healthcare clinics , agreed to pay $ 207 a share -- $ 145 in cash and $ 62 in CVS stock -- for Aetna , which has 22 million medical members . Both firms ' boards of directors approved the deal , the companies said
For consumers , the merger would be the latest example of how the sale of drugs and other healthcare supplies , patient treatment and medical insurance are being consolidated under one roof .
The deal would enable CVS to expand its range of health services to Aetna 's vast membership , with CVS ' storefronts offering more local care options by becoming community medical hubs with primary-care , drug-management and other services .
CVS ' locations `` will include space for wellness , clinical and pharmacy services , vision , hearing , nutrition , beauty and medical equipment , in addition to the products and services '' they currently provide , the company said .
`` We look forward to working with the talented people at Aetna to position the combined company as America 's front door to quality healthcare , '' CVS Chief Executive Larry Merlo said in a statement .
Aetna 's chief executive , Mark Bertolini , said the deal was `` the next step in our journey , positioning the combined company to dramatically further empower consumers . ''
The companies said Bertolini and two other Aetna directors would be added to CVS ' board after the deal closes .
Gerald Kominski , director of the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research , said `` it remains to be seen whether this [ merger ] is actually going to drive costs down '' for consumers but that savings could materialize `` if it becomes a lower-cost alternative to sending people to a doctor 's office or having people show up in the emergency room . ''
`` To the extent they can help manage the Aetna members ' conditions -- particularly people who might otherwise end up in the ER or were recently hospitalized -- this could lower costs , '' Kominski said . `` We 'll see how it pans out . ''
A CVS-Aetna tie-up also could affect consumers by sparking further consolidation among other major players in the healthcare industry .
For the companies , the merger is seen as a way to help them mine new areas of sales growth and , in the case of CVS , fend off a potential threat to its pharmacy business from e-commerce giant Amazon.com , which is eyeing a move into the pharmaceuticals business .
The companies said the merger would produce $ 750 million in operating cost savings . Adding Aetna 's membership to CVS ' business -- which includes nearly 900 retail locations in California -- also could give CVS added leverage in negotiating for lower drug prices with makers of pharmaceuticals , analysts have said .
Aetna , meanwhile , would use the CVS deal to move past its scuttled plans to acquire rival insurer Humana Inc. , and to keep pace with UnitedHealth Group , the nation 's largest health insurer .
UnitedHealth has been aggressively expanding into filling prescriptions as a pharmacy benefit manager ( PBM ) , and it owns more than 400 surgery centers and urgent-care clinics and runs medical practices for about 22,000 doctors nationwide .
PBMs negotiate with drug companies for volume discounts and run prescription drug plans for insurers , employers and government agencies . CVS ' Caremark unit is among the nation 's largest pharmacy benefit managers , but it faces stiff competition in that market from UnitedHealth and others .
When rumors of a CVS-Aetna merger surfaced in late October , analyst Jeffrey Loo of CFRA Research wrote in a note that `` we are not surprised '' by the merger talks because of `` the success of UnitedHealth Group 's PBM unit , Optum , '' and plans by another health insurer , Anthem Inc. , to form its own pharmacy benefit management unit .
Anthem in October announced its PBM plan , called IngenioRx , and said it would be in partnership with CVS . It was not immediately clear what would happen to that plan if CVS acquires Aetna .
But a CVS-Aetna merger would require clearance by federal antitrust regulators , and approval is by no means certain . Indeed , Aetna dropped its $ 34-billion bid for Humana in February after a federal judge blocked it on antitrust grounds .
In addition , the Justice Department recently sued to block AT & T Inc. 's plan to buy Time Warner Inc. , which , like CVS and Aetna , is a so-called vertical combination because the firms are in largely different businesses .
With CVS and Aetna , `` it 's a little hard to read the tea leaves , and we 're talking about entirely different industries '' than the AT & T/Time Warner deal , `` but who knows , '' said Carl Tobias , a law professor at the University of Richmond .
`` It will depend on the quality of the case they make with the regulators , and it 's probably going to go through , '' Tobias said .
Still , a combination of CVS and Aetna `` would finally meet Aetna 's goal of selling itself without the adverse effects on competition that Aetna 's failed deal with Humana would have had , '' Jack Curran , an analyst at research firm IBISWorld , said in a note last week .
The businesses of CVS and Aetna also have little overlap and thus the merger stands a better chance of being cleared , David Larsen , an analyst at investment bank Lerrink Partners , said in a recent note .
`` We also believe that the Trump administration is more business-friendly '' and that regulators may view a CVS-Aetna deal `` as a way to continue to put pressure on manufacturers and drug prices , '' Larson said .
CVS ' revenue last year totaled $ 178 billion , while Aetna 's revenue was $ 63 billion . If the takeover offer is $ 207 a share , that would be a 14 % premium to Aetna 's closing price of $ 181.31 on Friday .
CVS was founded in Lowell , Mass. , in 1963 by brothers Stanley and Sidney Goldstein and their partner Ralph Hoagland . CVS stood for Consumer Value Stores , and the shops initially sold health and beauty products .
Now based in Woonsocket , R.I. , CVS grew in large part by acquiring other drugstore chains , including buying 700 Sav-On and Osco stores from Albertsons in 2006 that gave CVS a major presence in Southern California .
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : CVS/iStock/Artist 's concept .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) - Franchy Cordero 's go-ahead single in the seventh inning capped a comeback that included Hunter Renfroe 's two-run homer , sending the San Diego Padres to a 4-2 , sweep-completing victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday .
Jhoulys Chacin ( 6-5 ) pitched seven innings , allowing five hits and two runs .
With the score 2-2 after Renfroe 's tying shot an inning earlier , Padres pinch-hitter Matt Szczur and Jose Pirela scored after drawing walks against reliever Michael Lorenzen ( 3-2 ) to open the seventh .
The Reds , who have lost their past eight road games , were swept at both Dodger Stadium and Petco Park to go 0-6 on the West Coast trip .
Cordero , a rookie center fielder who made their major league debut May 27 , hit three home runs in the series and knocked home Szczur with a single to right field .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Getty Images Americans buy hoards of cheap Chinese-made goods each year , such as inexpensive cell phones .
Each year Americans buy more than $ 460 billion in often cheaply priced goods made in China , such as toys , clothes , cell phones , laptops , TVs and solar panels . That 's not going to change soon , despite efforts by President Donald Trump to reduce the nation 's economic reliance on China .
Trump on Monday signed several orders to investigate whether American companies are coerced into giving Chinese firms access to valuable technology or patents for the price of doing business in the fast-growing Asian giant . American firms have complained about forced technology transfers or intellectual-property theft for years .
The new probe is the latest in a series of measures undertaken by the Trump White House to step up pressure on China in an effort to slash the huge U.S. trade deficit . The U.S. deficit totaled $ 504 billion in 2016 , with China accounting for about 60 % of the gap .
Also Read : Trump says ‘ racism is evil ' after criticism over initial Charlottesville response
The White House is “ taking firm steps to ensure we protect the intellectual property of American companies , and very importantly , of American workers , ” Trump asserted Monday . “ Washington will turn a blind eye no longer . ”
Yet even if the probe turns up evidence of unfair play , it could take several years before the U.S. acts . So there 's little danger of Americans paying higher prices for Chinese imports on Amazon AMZN , +1.58 % or at Best Buy BBY , +1.07 % in the near future .
How come ? The orders — relying on little-known portions of U.S. trade law that are rarely used — are open-ended . The probe itself is merely meant to determine if an official investigation should be launched . That could last up to a year or more .
If the White House determines an official investigation is required , the process could go on for another year or so .
If the White House imposes penalties , the U.S. could also run afoul of the World Trade Organization , the international agency charged with settling trade disputes between countries . A WTO appeal could drag the process out even further .
Also read : Ex-Treasury Secretary Summers blasts current Treasury boss Mnuchin
Were the Trump administration successful in penalizing China , Americans might eventually face higher costs for a wide range of consumer goods .
The president has made it clear they want to boost U.S. manufacturing , but many goods purchased from China are either no longer made in America or are only made in small quantities . Americans would still need to buy lots of stuff from China at higher prices because of tariffs or sanctions .
That 's not the only risk . The willingness of the Trump administration to take a tougher line on trade has emboldened more U.S. industries to seek protection from Chinese and other foreign competitors .
The U.S. solar industry , for example , has sought a tariff on imported solar panels because of a worldwide glut that has driven down prices and threatened the viability of American panel manufacturers .
Solar firms argue a tariff would allow them to hire more Americans and force foreign firms to set up operations in the U.S. , creating even more jobs at home .
Yet groups opposed to a tariff say it would raise the cost of solar panels and discourage Americans from adopting an environmentally friendly source of energy .
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away Pause
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement ?
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. went from trying to get some airtime on “ This Is Not Happening ” to hosting the series , back for its fourth season on Comedy Central ( Fridays at midnight ) .
“ I 've been working on stories for the past two years trying to get on the show , ” says Wood , 39 , who 's also a correspondent for “ The Daily Show with Trevor Noah . ”
“ The producers knew me and [ creator and former host ] Ari Shaffir knew me . It 's Ari 's brainchild , and as a comic , I do n't ever want to be the guy that steals the other dude 's girlfriend . That was never the situation , ” Wood says . “ They decided to make a change at the top . Ari and I talked … It 's a very unique show . There 's no other show like it on TV . For me to host it is something I take very seriously . It 's an art form of storytelling that , to be on TV in this short-attention-ass world we live in now , is a serious thing . ”
The series features comedians telling ( hopefully funny ) real-life stories about themselves . This season includes “ Baskets ” stars Louie Anderson and Martha Kelly , Howie Mandel , Lil Rel Howery and Tom Green , among many others .
‘ These are established comedians and performers telling you things they probably would n't even tell their closest friends . '
“ It takes a year to develop a story for this show , ” says Wood , a veteran stand-up comic who , in addition to their hosting duties , will also tell a few real-life tales this season . “ There are people in comedy clubs night after night polishing [ their stories ] and nipping and tucking , and I did n't want to turn down this opportunity . When it was presented to me , ‘ Do you want to take the reins ? ' — hell yeah .
“ These are people you already love telling you things about themselves you would never have found out otherwise … established comedians and performers telling you things they probably would n't even tell their closest friends , ” they say . “ Howie [ Mandel ] talks about the time they fell off the side of the freeway and was covered in germs . Half of the stories … are a little to vulgar for daytime or late-night talk shows . Jimmy Fallon would not let you sit on the [ ‘ Tonight Show ' ] couch and talk about the time you did cocaine by accident . ”
So what story will Wood share with viewers of “ This Is Not Happening ” ?
“ The first story I 'm telling is the night I met [ 2 Live Crew member ] Luther Campbell at a strip party at some guy 's house , ” they say . “ I was still in college [ at Florida A & M ] and somehow I ended up at a strip party at 20 years old with a room full of grown men . The man-to-stripper ratio was off ; I was waiting in line to get a lap dance , the same way you wait in line to get a hot dog .
“ I thought that was the protocol when I went to a strip club for the first time . ”
Warning : Graphic language
Sales Presentation Skills Anywhere™ is the virtual instructor-led version of Communispond 's renowned sales presentation course , Sales Presentation Skills™ .
East Hampton , NY ( PRUnderground ) April 17th , 2017
Communispond Inc. , the leader in communication , sales and leadership training , is pleased to announce Sales Presentation Skills Anywhere™ ( also referred to as SPR Anywhere™ ) , the virtual offering of Communispond 's Sales Presentation Skills™ program . Sales Presentation Skills Anywhere™ is designed for sales professionals to help them develop , refine , and deliver presentations that win sales .
There are no differences in the content , learning methods , and structure of Sales Presentation Skills Anywhere™ in comparison to the collocated classroom version , Sales Presentation Skills™ . The only difference is the delivery method . Once logged into the platform , a participant can see , hear , and interact with their live instructor and other participants .
There are four key benefits to attending Sales Presentation Skills Anywhere™ . First , it cuts down on , if not eliminates , travel expenses . Participants do n't have to pay for flights , taxis , food , and other travel-related expenses in order to attend class . Second , there is a huge convenience factor . Participants attend from the comfort of their own home or office—there 's no need to pack up and relocate . Third is the ease of being able to train teams that span multiple cities , states , or even countries making it a perfect solution for remote sales teams . And finally , it is perfect for global teams looking for global consistency in their training .
There are two ways to attend Sales Presentation Skills Anywhere™–by attending an open enrollment program or a corporate enrollment program . What 's the difference ? Open enrollment programs occur at set times , capped at 12 participants , and people attend from different companies . This is a good solution for small sales teams that may only have one or two people they would like to have attended Sales Presentation Skills Anywhere™ . Open enrollment dates for 2017 can be viewed here . Corporate enrollment programs , on the other hand , occur at times that are determined by the organization . The class is still capped at 12 participants , but participants are from the one organization . This is a great solution for larger sales team , especially if they are remote sales teams .
Knowing that this is a virtual program that relies on technology , Communispond has addressed the potential for technical issues to arise , so they are never an obstacle . Every virtual class is assigned a dedicated technical/trainer 's assistant so technical issues wo n't bog down the class .
“ We are excited to roll out Sales Presentation Skills Anywhere™. ” , said Caryl Bahner-Guhin , VP of Products & Services at Communispond . “ We continue to receive overwhelmingly positive client feedback from those that attend the virtual instructor-led version of our public speaking class , Executive Presentation Skills® , which we rolled out over two years ago . We recognized a need to offer our sales presentation class in the same virtual instructor-led format , to make it more convenient for remote sales teams to attend . ”
For more information on Sales Presentation Skills Anywhere™ , please visit : http : //communispond.com/solutions/40/sales-presentation-skills-anywhere/
About Communispond
Since 1969 , Communispond has helped more than 750,000 professionals worldwide improve their communication , sales , and leadership skills . Every Communispond program is designed to teach proven , practical skills that can be used immediately back on the job . For more information , please visit www.communispond.com and connect with Communispond on LinkedIn , Twitter , Facebook , and Instagram ( @ communispond ) .
Video
A funeral has been held for darts legend Eric Bristow .
Nicknamed the Crafty Cockney , they died on 5 April after suffering a heart attack and collapsing at a Premier League event at Liverpool 's Echo Arena .
A private ceremony was held at Camountside Crematorium in Stoke-on-Trent , followed by a reception in Leek , Staffordshire , where they lived for many years .
Bristow was world champion five times between 1980 and 1986 .
A teenager has escaped serious harm after their car rolled north of Imbil just after midday .
A P-PLATE driver has escaped serious injury after their car rolled over north of Imbil .
The teenage was the only person in the blue Volkswagon Polo when it rolled over on Kandanga Imbil Rd near the intersection with Ray Myers Rd just after midday today .
Emergency services help remove the Volkswagon Polo . Scott Kovacevic
According to a QAS spokesperson , the p-plate driver was assessed on the scene before being taken to Gympie Hospital for further assessments .
Imbil police sergeant Brock Murphy asked drivers to please take care on the roads over the holiday break , and remember the fatal five .
RICHMOND , Va. ( AP ) – The companies developing the Atlantic Coast Pipeline have agreed to spend nearly $ 58 million to help offset its environmental impact in Virginia . A memorandum of agreement outlining the payments was signed several weeks ago by then-natural resources secretary Molly Ward and Leslie Hartz , an executive with lead pipeline developer Dominion Energy . The agreement says the money is to mitigate forest fragmentation and related impacts on water quality from construction of the 600-mile-long pipeline . The state has also negotiated other pipeline-related mitigation efforts , including one to offset impacts on historic resources . The project , which has received many of its key permits , will start in West Virginia and run through Virginia and North Carolina . Virginia Gov . Ralph Northam 's spokesperson , Brian Coy , says the environmental mitigation agreement is a good deal for taxpayers .
The Japanese have a word , perhaps unsurprisingly , for morbid workaholism :
‘ Karoshi . '
The New York Times , in a Friday story detailing the death-by-overwork of a 31-year-old Tokyo journalist , noted that the phenomenon had first been identified in the 1980s .
The journalist 's death , of congestive heart failure , came four years ago , and its cause was tied to their working life by a government probe that concluded the following year . It was finally revealed this week by their employer , a state-run broadcaster , the Times reported , to coincide with planned workplace reforms .
Earlier this year , Japan 's government teamed with a business group to launch an effort , the Times noted , encouraging companies to allow workers to leave the office at 3 p.m. on the final Friday of each month . Just a fraction of companies , according to the Times report , are participating .
Do n't miss : The death of the cover letter and other ways automation is changing the hiring process
When it comes to weddings , the British royal family has more than a few traditions . For example , Meghan Markle 's bridesmaids will likely be the children of freinds and family instead of their friends , and their wedding band will almost certainly be made from precious Welsh gold . Centuries-old customs will also dictate what their wedding bouquet will include .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Every royal wedding bouquet contains at least one sprig of myrtle , a tradition which dates back to 1840 , when Queen Victoria married Prince Albert . Myrtle symbolizes hope and love , making it a fitting addition to any bride 's bouquet , royal or not .
In addition to the evergreen shrub , Markle could pay tribute to their late-mother-in-law Princess Diana with their flower choice , as Duchess Kate did .
Duchess Kate on their wedding day in 2011 . Getty
While Duchess Kate 's small , simple bouquet served as a stark contrast to Diana 's enormous cascading collection of blooms , both featured lily of the valley . Other British royal brides who have incorporated the local flower in their bouquets are Princess Margaret in 1960 , Princess Anne in 1973 , and Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , when they wed Prince Charles in 2005 .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Princess Diana with Prince Charles on their wedding day in 1981 . Getty
Perhaps they were all inspired by Princess Grace of Monaco , who started the trend when they carried a small bunch of lilies of the valley atop a prayerbook down the aisle in place of an oversized bouquet during their 1956 wedding to Monaco 's Prince Rainier .
Princess Grace on their wedding day in 1956 . Getty
In addition to these classic standbys , we 'd be willing to bet we see Markle carrying peonies down the aisle . They are said to be their favorite flower ( one only needs to scroll through their Instagram to confirm she 's a fan ) , and better yet , they 'll be in season for a May 2018 wedding .
Swooning over these . # London # peonies # spoiledrotten A post shared by Meghan Markle ( @ meghanmarkle ) on Jul 1 , 2016 at 8:07am PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Them social media accounts also indicate they love roses .
Thank you for a beautiful morning in Chelsea @ milliemackintoshofficial - see you soon xx 💪🏽+ 🍴+💐 # London A post shared by Meghan Markle ( @ meghanmarkle ) on Jul 2 , 2016 at 3:18am PDT
But do n't expect to see pale pink blooms in their bouquet . According to British florist Jane Packer , royal bouquets tend to be all-white .
“ Brides often have to be gently guided towards the right sort of flowers that will accentuate rather than distract from their gown , yet are bold enough to be seen at a large-scale ceremony – and wo n't begin to wilt as soon as they are cut , ” they told the Telegraph in advance of Will and Kate 's wedding . “ Protocol dictates that for an occasion such as this , the bouquet will be all-white . ”
Following their weddings , it is also customary for royal brides to leave their bouquets on the grave of the unknown warrior in Westminster Abbey , a somber tradition that was started by the Queen Mum in 1923 , who left their flowers on the memorial in honor of their brother Fergus , who was killed in World War I in 1915 .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
While Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will be married at St. George 's Chapel , not Westminster Abbey , they will likely still send their bouquet to the church , following in the footsteps of Sophie Rhys-Jones , who wed Prince Edward at the Chapel back in 1999 .
Bayern Munich have given assistant coach Paul Clement permission to hold talks with Premier League strugglers Swansea City .
Clement emerged as the favourite to take the reins at the Liberty Stadium after Bob Bradley was sacked by the Welsh club last week .
A Bayern statement read : `` Assistant coach Paul Clement ( 44 ) has asked FC Bayern Munich for permission to hold talks with Premier League club Swansea City about the position of head coach .
`` Bayern head coach Carlo Ancelotti and the management board of Bayern Munich have fulfilled this wish .
`` Paul Clement will therefore not be travelling with the team to the training camp in Doha . ''
Paul Clement has been given permission to conduct talks with @ SwansOfficial . pic.twitter.com/BMYF0bVaEU — FC Bayern English ( @ FCBayernEN ) January 2 , 2017
Bradley was dismissed as Swans boss after just 11 matches in charge , with the team languishing in the relegation zone .
The likes of Manchester United great Ryan Giggs and Wales boss Chris Coleman were linked with the position , but former Derby County manager Clement quickly became the frontrunner .
And the 44-year-old looks set to leave their post as Ancelotti 's assistant in favour of a switch to south Wales .
As well as managing Derby , Clement has also held assistant coaching posts at Chelsea , Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid .
Clement will be the fourth man to take charge of Swansea in the Premier League this term , with Bradley replacing Francesco Guidolin , while Alan Curtis was in interim charge for Saturday 's 3-0 defeat at the hands of Bournemouth .
The Graduate from English Society will host a panel discussion of your options after graduation . Panelists will talk about their experiences with internships , working in industry jobs , and pursuing graduate degrees . All English majors and prospective majors are welcome to attend . The panel discussion will be followed by a document workshop , so bring your resumes , CVs , and other application materials .
This announcement is represented by a registered student organization .
No . 1 Amador Valley ( 13-3-1 )
Previous ranking : 1
Beat Monte Vista 4-0 , Dougherty Valley 3-1
No . 2 Freedom ( 13-0 )
Previous ranking : 2
Beat Heritage 10-3 , Antioch 6-4 , Mitty 4-2 , Foothill 8-7
No . 3 Carlmont ( 16-1 )
Previous ranking : 3
Beat Hillsdale 7-6 , San Mateo 8-1 , Silver Creek 13-1
No . 4 Foothill ( 13-3 )
Previous ranking : 4
Beat Dublin 7-2 , San Ramon Valley 6-3 , Castro Valley 4-2 . Lost to Freedom 8-7 .
No . 5 Hillsdale ( 15-4 )
Previous ranking : 5
Lost to Carlmont 7-6 . Beat Burlingame 5-2 , Half Moon Bay 1-0
No . 6 St. Francis ( 15-4 )
Previous ranking : 8
Beat Mitty 2-1 , St. Ignatius 1-0 , Half Moon Bay 2-1
No . 7 Archbishop Mitty ( 13-5 )
Previous ranking : 9
Lost to St. Francis 1-0 . Beat Valley Christian 3-0 , Milpitas 10-0 . Lost to Freedom 4-2 . Beat Castro Valley 5-2 .
No . 8 Valley Christian-San Jose ( 12-4 )
Previous ranking : 7
Beat Pioneer 3-0 , SHC 11-1 . Lost to Mitty 3-0 .
No . 9 St. Ignatius ( 13-3 )
Previous ranking : 10
Beat Presentation 7-4 . Lost to St. Francis 1-0
No . 10 California ( 15-3 )
Previous ranking : 15
Beat Granada 11-0 , Livermore 4-3 ( 8 ) , Arroyo 6-0 , Livermore 7-4
No . 11 James Logan ( 11-3 )
Previous ranking : 6
Beat Kennedy-Fremont 20-1 . Lost to Moreau Catholic 4-3 . Beat Newark Memorial 5-3
No . 12 Antioch ( 11-2 )
Previous ranking : 16
Beat Deer Valley 2-1 , 5-4 . Lost to Freedom 6-4
No . 13 Half Moon Bay ( 11-4 )
Previous ranking : 11
Lost to Aragon 8-1 . Beat Sequoia 13-2 . Lost to St. Francis 2-1 , Hillsdale 1-0 .
No . 14 Carondelet ( 8-5 )
Previous ranking : Not ranked
Beat Livermore 2-0 , Monte Vista 12-0
No . 15 Livermore ( 12-6 )
Previous ranking : 14
Lost to Carondelet 2-0 , California 4-3 ( 8 ) . Beat Alhambra 5-4 . Lost to California 7-4
For more Bay Area high school sports coverage follow Bay Area Preps on Flipboard .
No . 16 Sobrato ( 10-6 )
Previous ranking : Not ranked
Beat Leland 4-1 , Pioneer 4-3 , Los Gatos 11-1
No . 17 Alhambra ( 9-4 )
Previous ranking : 12
Beat College Park 2-0 . Lost to Northgate 12-10 , Livermore 5-4 . Beat Arroyo 13-8 .
No . 18 Castro Valley ( 10-6 )
Previous ranking : 17
Beat San Leandro 13-0 , Bishop O'Dowd 6-4 . Lost to Foothill 4-2 , Mitty 5-2
No . 19 Santa Clara ( 12-4 )
Previous ranking : 20
Beat Gunn 13-0
Related Articles High school baseball : Bay Area News Group Top 20
Track and field : Amazing jumps highlight CCS Top 8 Classic
Baseball : How No . 1 Valley Christian rallied to beat No . 2 Archbishop Mitty in extra innings
Baseball roundup : De La Salle rallies , defeats Granada
Track : Rest of CCS in chase of one girl in shot , discus No . 20 Heritage ( 8-3 )
Preview ranking : 18
Lost to Freedom 10-3 . Beat Pittsburg 12-2
Teams eligible for these rankings come from leagues based predominantly in Alameda , Contra Costa , Santa Clara and San Mateo counties .
Power ball : Examining the three reasons for MLB HR surge CHICAGO — Do n't forget to blame Atlanta . Or , if you dig baseball being more homer-happy than ever , then by all means credit Georgia 's capital city and its national pastime inhabitants , ...
The definitive A-Rod timeline , from hit No . 1 to 3,000 June 3 , 1993 : Selected 1st overall in the MLB Amateur Draft by the Mariners . July 8 , 1994 : At just 18 years old , makes MLB debut , going 0-for-3 vs. the Red ...
A-Rod dealer and MLB pet Anthony Bosch gets 4 years in prison MIAMI — Alex Rodriguez delivered a hand-written apology for their use of performance-enhancing drugs that led to a year-long MLB suspension . But you can bet the guy who supplied him ...
A-Rod 's juice dealer too coked up to be sentenced : lawyer MIAMI — The former owner of the South Florida clinic that supplied performance-enhancing drugs to Major League Baseball players says they need more drug rehab . An attorney for Anthony Bosch ...
A-Rod 's motivation ? Always follow the money At my first full-time job , a wise reporter saw me struggling with a story and gave me one of the best pieces of advice I would ever receive in this ...
Five biggest questions facing A-Rod after drug confession In the aftermath of Wednesday 's report that Alex Rodriguez confessed to buying and using performance-enhancing drugs in January testimony before federal authorities , here are the five biggest questions facing the ...
From centaurs to urine streams , this A-Rod farce is a masterpiece All along , we knew Alex Rodriguez 's legacy was bound to look , and sound , hyperbolic . In a more innocent — or naive — time , we assumed that meant that by the time he ...
Even A-Rod realized the lies had to stop somewhere Thanks to baseball 's Steroid Era , we 've learned there are two kinds of athletes who find themselves trapped in illegal performance-enhancing drug storms : 1 . Those who deny , deny and deny until ...
A-Rod admitted extensive steroid use to DEA Alex Rodriguez denied , denied and denied some more — until federal authorities came after him . The epically controversial third baseman , who just rejoined the Yankees ' roster last week following a ...
A forklift punctured a drum containing a 5 percent solution of dimethyl sulfide in a New Jersey warehouse near the Passaic River Tuesday morning , but authorities do not believe there were any significant impacts to the waterway , officials said .
Dimethyl sulfide is a flammable liquid with a notoriously bad odor , which explained some of the emergency calls that came in regarding the possible hazmat situation on Logistics Drive in Kearny around 8:30 a.m .
About 50 workers had to leave the premises as crews worked to ensure their safety .
The Hudson County Regional Health Commission responded and told the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection that the sprinklers went on , and water from the sprinklers went into a storm drain and into the Passaic River .
Authorities had spent the morning trying to assess the impact , but by early afternoon , environmental officials declared the incident `` terminated . ''
Kendig Keast Collaborative ( KKC ) has provided the City of Manhattan with a draft of the first module of the Unified Development Ordinance ( UDO ) for the community to review . A UDO is a set of regulations that combines zoning and subdivision regulations and other applicable development requirements and design standards into one document to manage land use and development in the City .
The first module establishes the authority of the UDO , creates the new framework for the City 's Zoning Districts and sets out specific regulations for the proposed Zoning Districts . The Zoning District framework reduces the number of residential , commercial and industrial districts , compared to today 's Zoning Regulations , to make the land development standards easier to understand and use , while still providing the same land use protections . In the draft UDO a mixed-use development district is proposed , which would allow for residential and commercial uses to be combined in a development . The draft also provides regulations for accessory dwelling units in single-family residential districts , and for “ tiny homes ” within a tiny home development , to offer newer housing types for Manhattan residents .
“ The first module creates the framework for the entire Unified Development Ordinance , ” said Chad Bunger , Assistant Director Community Development Department . “ The new framework for the Zoning Districts is designed to make the development regulations easier to understand and use for homeowners , business owners and developers alike . ”
The draft of module # 1 can be found at the following website http : //online.encodeplus.com/ regs/manhattan-ks/The site has pop-up definitions for the UDO and hyperlinks to cross-referenced regulations and new graphics available for viewing .
An “ Open Door Public Meeting ” will be held with the consultant from 5:30 to 6:30 pm , on October 16 , 2017 , in the City Commission Room , at City Hall , 1101 Poyntz Avenue . Individuals canask questions or provide comments or concerns with the project . KKC will then present details of module # 1 during a work session with the Manhattan Urban Area Planning Board that same day at 7:00pm . The public is welcome to attend that presentation as well . There will be more public meetings held periodically throughout the rest of the project to continue and engage citizens for feedback .
AMIS to solve food crisis in Nigeria–Oyawale
National Project Coordinator of Agricultural Market and Information System , AMIS , Mr. Olutayo Oyawale in this interview , among other issues , explains how AMIS can help in solving food crisis in Nigeria .
Why has it become necessary to galvanize a collective action in support of the global food security drive of the UN ?
The world 's population is predicted to hit 9Bn by 2050 , up from today 's total of nearly 7.3Bn , and with it , food demand is predicted to increase substantially .
We need platforms like AMIS for reliable data and to help us plan and formulate polices . Most of the issues highlighted are global problems , hence , resolving the food security challenges will require a multi-national and collaborative effort to integrate the best research from science , engineering and socio-economics so that technological advances can bring benefits where they are most needed . That is why it is important for us to galvanize a collective action for global food security .
What are the roles FAO and AMIS are playing in the campaign for food security especially in Nigeria where we are said to import a larger part of our food ?
Contribute to the design of the Strategic Plan for Agricultural and Rural Statistics ( SPARS )
Developing a system to provide the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development reliable data that will aid identification of major challenges faced by the food producers and formulation of effective policies to create a more enabling environment that will result in higher yields of quality food .
As an expert in ICT , how did you become part of a drive towards global food security and what was your role in creating the AMIS CAPI System ?
As an ICT expert , I 'm a solutions provider . The identification of a problem and the cause of the problem aids the design a solution . I was part of the design and implementation team for AMIS CAPI system .
With the deliberate and comprehensive nature of the available data via AMIS CAPI data portal , who are the target audience and how much access will give to the data collected via AMIS CAPI System ?
The general public are the target audience for the crowdsourcing use of the AMIS CAPI system , which is designed for the production of unofficial data that can address the daily data needs of all data users while the Ministeries , Departments , Agencies in Nigeria will be the users of AMIS CAPI system for the production of official data in Nigeria . The crowdsourced data will be made available to all data users .
It is important to note that the AMIS CAPI system was not setup to compete with the NBS that is the custodian of official data and coordinator of national statistical system in Nigeria . The system is setup to enable MDAs improve their Agricultural data collection process .
What are the economic benefits of having a functional data system like AMIS CAPI System in Nigeria ?
These are the benefits : It improves the efficiency of agricultural data collection process in Nigeria by providing a monitoring and evaluation system .
It helps reduce the time take to produce agricultural data
It reduces the cost of agricultural data production .
AMIS CAPI system can easily integrate with systems that have commercial values to agricultural output producers and consumers e.g an agric marketplace .
Considering the diversified approach of most Nigerian farmers to planting of crops , will AMIS provide information on other crops aside the four major crops ?
Yes , AMIS CAPI system will provide information on other crops . The four focus crops were only selected for the pilot exercise .
What are the lessons learnt during the crowdsourcing pilot phase ?
Understanding the strengths and weaknesses of the data contributors proved very useful in the creation of a bespoke system that was able to effectively cater for the needs of the target audience .
It is more productive to work collectively than in isolation regardless of our role in the Agricultural value chain . The success of the pilot exercise is largely the result of the eventual cooperation amongst the traders and farmers in the pilot LGAs in Kaduna state .
Contrary to the common believe that humans find it difficult to accept changes , the pilot exercise proved that everyone is open to change as long as they see the benefits and positive impacts of such change .
What are the various doors of opportunities the AMIS CAPI System will open up for farmers , entrepreneurs , investors and other players in the agric value chain
AMIS CAPI system will create a virtual meeting room for farmers , entrepreneurs , investors and other players in the agricultural value chain , which will improve the exchange of information that is undoubtedly very key to business and economic growth .
The system will also provide a robust database for creative Nigerian youths that are planning to develop business solutions towards improving agribusiness in Nigeria .
What is the most exciting about this project ?
That 's a tough question . Almost every aspect of the project implementation was very exciting . However , I will always remember the excitement and level of involvement shown by the farmers and traders in the pilot state after tough weeks of training and dialogues to enable them to see the benefits and importance of data/information sharing .
When will the crowdsourcing pilot data portal become available to the public ?
The AMIS CAPI system and data portal are now the properties of the FMARD . I am sure FMARD will announce the release date very soon . However , the pilot data portal is available .
The post AMIS to solve food crisis in Nigeria–Oyawale appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mauricio Gonzalez , uncle of Juventino Mata-Hernandez , the worker who fell to their death last week at the Legacy Union building site , talks about their nephew and their skepticism about the results of the pending investigation .
GREENVILLE , S.C. — Authorities say a sheriff 's deputy has fatally shot a man in South Carolina .
Greenville County Sheriff Will Lewis tells news outlets a man wielding a knife was killed after charging at deputies Monday evening . They say deputies had been called out for a disturbance and found at least five people in a home who were “ potential hostage victims . ”
The coroner 's office has not released the man 's name yet .
Lewis says the man was “ very agitated ” and had something similar to a butcher 's knife . The shooting happened after negotiations including “ less lethal options ” failed .
Lewis says the deputy involved will be placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of an internal investigation . The state Law Enforcement Division is also investigating .
While the rest of the country relegates spooky dress-up to Oct. 31 , it 's a year-round craft for Bill Blair , who holds the Guinness World Record for most special-effects characters played ...
For the first two months of the regular season , the New York Rangers had the most dynamic offense in the NHL . They could roll four lines with goal-scoring capability that created matchup nightmares for opponents .
But toward the end of the regular season , the Rangers began playing a safer , tougher game , partly because goaltender Henrik Lundqvist was being hung out to dry far too often .
That style has carried into the first-round series against Montreal , which the Canadiens lead 2-1 heading into Game 4 on Tuesday night at Madison Square Garden .
“ We 've been playing a certain style this season that 's permitted us to get into the playoffs that , in my estimation , when we play it , we 're a hard team to play against , ” coach Alain Vigneault told the New York Post on Monday . “ I think we 've shown in this series , in moments when we 've played that way , we 're a hard team to play against . And from game to game , there are different things that a certain team might do that 's making them a little harder to handle .
“ So if you make minor adjustments as far as making a read or a puck decision , it could help your game . But as far as changing the overall way of how we play and how we have success , obviously that 's not going to happen . ”
The adjustments could come in the form of inserting rookie Pavel Buchnevich into the lineup for Tanner Glass , a fourth-line grinder who has one of the Rangers ' five goals that have n't been scored into an empty net this series . The Rangers were 2:56 from being blanked in Game 3 , and that is the team 's only goal in their past 143 minutes .
Buchnevich had eight goals and 20 points in 41 games , although their playing time diminished down the stretch when Glass became a lineup fixture . But with the Rangers desperate for offense , Vigneault could opt for talent over grit .
“ I 'm looking at all our options right now , ” Vigneault said to the New York Post when asked directly about Buchnevich . “ There is definitely a lot of credit to be given with how well ( the Canadiens ) are playing , not only without the puck , but with the puck and the decisions they 're making . Some of our problems have come a lot on our puck management . We need to do a better job . ”
The Canadiens , meanwhile , just want to continue doing the things that have brought them success , no matter who the Rangers have in their lineup for Game 4 .
“ We 're really focusing on our game and we 're focusing on what we need to do to have success , ” Canadiens coach Claude Julien said . “ Not so much of what we have to do to make it hard on them , but what we can do to make it successful for us . We 're not overthinking this game , we know our strengths and we know what we need to do to win and that 's what our whole focus is on right now . ”
That focus seems to be on forechecking the slower Rangers defensemen and letting goaltender Carey Price see as many shots as possible . Since Mats Zuccarello 's goal with 5:13 remaining in the second period of Game 2 , Price has stopped 41 of 42 shots with their teammates limiting high-danger chances .
With everyone buying into the defense-first philosophy , beating the Canadiens three times in the next four games will be difficult for the Rangers .
“ It 's good but it 's a best-of seven-series , ” Canadiens winger Alexander Radulov said . “ There can be four more games . We can enjoy the moment then get ready for the next one . There 's nothing done yet so we have to prepare . The next game 's going to be huge . They 're going to come out hard again so we have to play the same way but with more effort and play good as a team . ”
Asia-Pacific stocks were lower as investors took profits , after a muted reaction in U.S. markets to the Federal Reserve 's rate rise and plan to start shrinking its balance sheet .
Following earlier gains , stocks in Australia , Hong Kong and South Korea were down nearly 1 % in Thursday morning trading .
As expected , the Fed raised its benchmark policy rate for the third time in six months on Wednesday and provided details on when it would start shrinking its $ 4.5 trillion portfolio of bonds and other assets .
But some investors were caught off guard because policymakers stuck to prior predictions for the pace of rate increases through 2018 .
The Fed came off “ more hawkish than what people were anticipating , ” said Chris Weston , chief market strategist at IG Markets in Melbourne . policymakers are “ still seeing a glass-half-full scenario ” on inflation , they added .
On Wednesday , a U.S. consumer-inflation reading came in weaker than expected and raised fresh questions about the pace of price increases . Soft inflation was among the factors which slowed or prevented previous monetary tightening steps in the U.S . In addition , May retail sales in the U.S. were weak .
Australian stocks were the worst performers early Thursday , with the S & P/ASX 200 XJO , -1.12 % down 1 % after having logged its largest four-session run of gains this year .
The Australian market was also affected by the expiration later today of derivative contracts and late-Wednesday data that showed a slowdown in Chinese credit growth , said Michael McCarthy , chief market strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney . Commodity companies took a hit ; Rio Tinto RIO , -3.47 % and BHP Billiton BHP , -2.53 % were both down 3 % .
Meanwhile , the overnight slump in crude prices following bearish U.S. inventory data pushed Santos STO , -4.70 % and Oil Search OSH , -2.40 % down about 4 % . Oil futures were little changed in Asia after a near 4 % drop Wednesday .
In Hong Kong , Sinopec 0386 , -2.16 % , and Cnooc 0883 , -1.71 % declined more than 1.5 % while Japan Petroleum 1662 , -0.27 % and Inpex 1605 , -0.57 % fell around 1 % . Benchmarks in Hong Kong HSI , -1.06 % and Korea SEU , -0.60 % were down 0.9 % and 0.6 % , respectively .
The muted U.S. data Wednesday pressured sovereign-debt yields worldwide . The 20-year Japanese yield was down a slightly at 0.56 % .
The Nikkei Stock Average NIK , -0.30 % dropped 0.4 % following an overnight selloff in the U.S. dollar . The dollar was recently around ¥109.55 versus ¥110.30 before the data was released .
Image copyright DSRL Image caption The Dounreay Materials Test Reactor was constructed in the 1950s
Scotland 's first operational nuclear reactor is to be demolished .
The Dounreay Materials Test Reactor ( DMRT ) achieved criticality , a nuclear term referring to the balance of neutrons in the system , in 1958 .
The site at Dounreay , near Thurso , was built using 600 tonnes of steel . It was shut down in 1969 .
Large parts of the DMRT site have already been demolished as part of wider work to decommission the Dounreay nuclear power site .
The control room desk and panels for the reactor were moved to Caithness Horizons , a museum in Thurso , in 2015 .
A contractor has been sought for the work of demolishing the reactor .
Image copyright DSRL Image caption Other parts of the DMRT site have already been demolished
Notice of the contract has been released on 60 years since the first criticality was achieved in Scotland .
A system known as a rig and named the Zero Energy Thermal reactor installed at Dounreay in 1956 went critical for the first time on 13 August 1957 .
This was the first artificially made criticality in Scotland .
Bill Lambie , DMRT project manager , said : `` This month we celebrate the 60th anniversary of the first criticality in Scotland , which took place in a temporary test rig .
`` That was an immense achievement , and we are now poised to demolish its successor and the oldest reactor on site , DMTR .
`` The removal of DMTR from the skyline will be a significant step for Dounreay , and will be a real and visible sign of the decommissioning progress being made . ''
By Kathryn Kelman/editor-in-chief
Despite Texas ranking in the top 10 among states for high flu activity in the country and Tarrant County reporting 21 flu-related deaths , some TCC students still resist calls to get a flu shot , choosing to go without one this season .
Instead , some students say they are relying on keeping clean and healthy eating in hopes that it will be enough .
TR student Daniel Hernandez is one of those students who skipped a flu shot this year despite worrying about contracting the virus .
“ I am always concerned about getting it , so I 'm very cautious , always washing my hands , staying away from people who have symptoms , but I do n't think the flu shot will help , ” they said .
Hernandez said they question the effectiveness of the flu shot because the virus mutates so they do n't think it 's effective .
“ I am a bit skeptical about the flu shot being a solution , ” they said . “ It could possibly be part of the cause in my perspective because people who have gotten the flu shot may feel like they 're more immune to it , which may expose them more and make them less cautious . ”
NW student Humna Raza also did n't get a flu shot this season . To keep from getting the flu , she 's focusing on eating healthy foods like fruits and vegetables to help their immune system stay strong .
Tarrant County Public Health chief epidemiologist Russell Jones said getting the flu shot is important despite reports that it has only been about 34 percent effective over the last 10 years .
The two main reasons to get the flu shot , they said , are because it reduces the chance of contracting the virus and also reduces the chance of serious complications that could come from the virus .
“ For an individual , it does n't mean you wo n't get the flu , ” Jones said . “ We believe when you get the flu vaccine , even though you may still get the flu , you 're less likely to have a serious complication . ”
Some people , like TR student Collin Haefner , said they do n't get the flu shot because they do n't know enough about it .
“ It 's mostly because I 'm ignorant , but I also only come to class once a week so I 'm not around too many people I feel , ” Haefner said .
Unlike Haefner , SE student Omonike Oluseye gets the shot because they have young children .
“ I preferred to take it [ the shot ] than fighting it when it is too late , ” they said .
TR student Hayden Nicholson , a nursing major , said it 's a requirement of the program to get the shot . But even if it was n't , they said they still would get it like they do every year .
“ I get the flu shot to stay healthy , ” Nicholson said . “ I 'm always worried about others , but as long as I protect myself and stay clean , then I 'll hopefully be OK . ”
As a precaution this flu season , TCC 's facilities department has increased the number of restroom cleanings and sanitizing of public areas like classrooms and the nursing areas , according to an email sent out by the college 's public relations and marketing department .
“ Restrooms are normally cleaned four times a day and sanitized during the night shift , ” according to the email . “ Due to the flu outbreak , we are sanitizing the restrooms six times daily and again overnight using a sanitizer that kills 98 percent of germs . ”
Nursing staff members around the district will also contact facilities should they come in contact or hear about individuals with flu symptoms , so the department can immediately sanitize the area , the email said .
The flu season typically runs from late October or early November to March with the peak falling from December to late February , Jones said .
“ I feel very confident that we 'll be very high with the flu through February , ” they said .
Although college-aged students typically have strong immune systems , they are still at a higher risk for infection , Jones said .
“ People who are college-aged have some of the highest number of contacts per person than in any other age group , ” they said . “ The more you contact others , the more likely you 'll be in contact with someone who has the flu . ”
College-aged people tend to share drinks and food when they go out . Jones recommended not doing so , at least until peak flu season has ended . They also recommended keeping hand sanitizer for coming in contact with handrails and door handles and avoiding touching the face .
“ The big one is when we get stuff on our hands , and we take our hands to our face , and that 's an opportunity for infection , ” Jones said .
Jones also recommended getting a healthy amount of sleep and eating healthy to keep one 's immune system strong to help prevent getting sick .
For people who are sick , Jones recommended they stay home for at least 24 hours after their fever resolves without medication and to cough and sneeze into a tissue or their elbow .
“ One of the problems with flu is people will be infectious one to two days before they actually feel ill , ” they said .
A person may feel and look OK but actually be spreading the virus and getting other people sick , Jones said .
“ That 's the challenge with the flu and another reason to be washing your hands , ” they said .
Transcript for Sutton Foster opens up about 'Younger ' live on 'GMA '
Our next gue is a triple at . They can sing , ladied gentlemen . They can dance and they C act . Please welcome two-timeony winner and the star of the hit show `` Younge '' Sutton foster . Hi . So N to meet you . Morning . Hi . Congratulations on everng . Thank you . Thank you . Hey . Mwah . Great to S you . So good to see you too . Hi . Oh hi , guys . Took away the chicken fingers . I know -- I got excited . I love them . We caing them bk . So exci th fifth season for `` Younger . '' Yes , conglations . Sogood . So tive . Wonderful , wonderful ca okay , for those people who is a hav not seen it , shame on Y because it 's anxclent show . You are trying to pul off B 27 years old at work . Yes . S ? Yes , yes , and yes . And it 's five seasons in , play a 41-year-old mom W is trying to vent their life and troubl getting hired in the publishingld and so age is just a number of people -- if you- peo believe what you tell them so I tell them I 'm in my 20s so I 'm -- yeah . Ying to be more relevantnd so far five seasons , people are buying it . Y really are you have n't aged a bit in the St five years . We have a lit sneak peek to season . You all want to see ? Yeah . Let 's D. Ave a surprise for you in office . Can I have hint ? I do n't think I couake another one today . Colleen . I missed yous ek . Didee `` Good morning America '' ? I did . I wish you had been th that your victory too . Plse ] Sry about T would you ever want to B to your 20 K. No . I was a mess in my 20s . I feel like myife has only ten better every decade . M 43 now and I feel like yeah , there 's way . I mean M if you could retain L of my knowledge a then . But , no . What was the biggestng you had to about being in your 20s day . You mean now like going back in T 20s . So much C when I in my 20s it wa before social media , before the , know , the worldwide web and so I feel L idt grow up with all phone . I did n't have that type instant access to things that 's really -- it 's like the social media culture I what and , you know a of the lingo andll the things , ye those still , I't know what that me I have to look that up . You Kee yourself very . Yes , you do . W is this crocheting baby blankets . So my husband and I , we have a 15-month-old Daer , Emily . We adopted their last yht before season foured a have all this extra anx I started crting baby blankets and madey new year 's resolution to make T baby blankets . At the end of the yea I 'll Aun them off charity . Nice . Great idea . So -- Great blankets . Yeah , so I startedesigning my own patterns and I auc them off for an adoption charity so I can help other families . Bleour heart . Be able tore in the joy of adoptionecause it 's changed our lives . And robin said we have slowed this outthere . `` Take me to rld . '' Ur new album you have so you 're definitely keeping yours busy . A long time in the making and totally INSPI by becoming a mom . It 's everything , thing I and do is different now . So thing -- this is all all songsor of inspired by them Do they have a fate . Actually I played them -- a lullaby `` My best friend and I we have beans T are seven weeks apart and so we sing a song on there , ush little baby '' and a quiet thing and the very first time played itor my daughter they look at the speaker and looked at me looked at the spe a looked they and they call crawled into my lapnd puter forehead against M forehead and I was like , what 's happening ? And they wasli , I 'm like , this is for you . This is for Yo so it 's -- yeah , B I do n't know if they realize mommy a voice comes from the speaker . Ow someday she 's going to B like don'tsing , but for now ? We 're happy you came here for we really are . Sutton , thank you soh . Season F of `` Younger '' premieres 5th onv land and Sutton 's new album isut Friday . Make sure you G pick U a copy . Everyone in audience , you 're going home W a free copy . How about that ?
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
US House committee releases disputed memo alleging surveillance abuses
Washington , Feb 2 ( EFE ) .- The US House of Representatives ' Intelligence Committee on Friday published a memo authored by its Republican members that outlines alleged improper surveillance by the FBI and the Justice Department in the Russia-Trump investigation .
The now-declassified memo was released with President Donald Trump 's authorization and without any of the redactions sought by the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the Justice Department .
GOP members of the committee , headed by California Rep. Devin Nunes , put together the memo on the basis of classified information provided to the panel in connection with its oversight activities . Democratic members of that committee have compiled their own counter-memo that also contains classified information but which has not yet been released to the public .
The four-page Republican memo alleges that a controversial dossier filled with sordid details about Trump and their purported ties to Russia was an “ essential part ” of an application by the FBI and the Justice Department for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) probable cause order authorizing electronic surveillance of Carter Page , a US citizen who served as a volunteer adviser to the Trump campaign .
The now-infamous dossier was compiled by a former British spy , Christopher Steele , whose research was partially funded by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee via the law firm Perkins Coie and research firm Fusion GPS , the memo notes .
Yet , according to the memo , neither the initial application for the FISA warrant in October 2016 ( shortly before the US presidential election ) nor any of its subsequent renewals “ disclose or reference the role of the DNC , Clinton campaign or any party/campaign in funding Steele 's efforts , even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials . ”
The application also did not mention that “ the FBI had separately authorized payment to Steele for the same information , ” says the memo , whose subject line reads “ Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Abuses at the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation . ”
Steele , who was terminated as an FBI source for an unauthorized disclosure of their relationship with the bureau in an October 2016 news article published by US progressive magazine Mother Jones , “ was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected , ” the memo said , citing FBI 's interviews of a former associate deputy attorney general , Bruce Ohr , who continued to have contact with Steele .
The memo goes on to say that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe , who resigned abruptly this week , said in closed-door testimony to the House Intelligence Committee in December of last year that “ no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC ( Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , a secretive federal tribunal ) without the Steele dossier information . ”
Just days before Trump 's decision Friday to authorize the release of the memo , the FBI had urged the president not to do so , saying it had “ grave concerns about ( the document 's ) material omissions of fact . ”
Democratic lawmakers , meanwhile , also fought the release of the memo , saying it could endanger national security .
Those legislators also said the document cherry-picked facts and was aimed at discrediting the probe led by special counsel Robert Mueller , a former FBI director , into alleged collusion with Russia by Trump and their associates to influence the outcome of the 2016 election .
Trump , for their part , said of the memo Friday that the actions of the FBI and the Department of Justice were a “ disgrace . ”
“ I think it 's terrible , you want to know the truth , I think it 's a disgrace what 's going on in this country … A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that , ” Trump told reporters at the White House .
It 's not easy to decode the style of New York ladies because each one of them has a unique fashion expression . Their style goes from classy minimalism to fun maximalism depending on which part of the city you are taking in consideration . Take a walk in Brooklyn and the East Village and you 'll most certainly see ladies in vibrant even neon colors . Chelsea and SoHo have the biggest fashionistas who come up with their own style rules but still look polished .
Regardless the fact that is hard to consider the style of New York women as one general category , we managed to spot the style rules that New York 's fashionistas swear by . So , here is how you can bring the Big Apple in your style and wardrobe :
Wear Your Biker Jacket With Everything
A classic biker jacket goes with everything from jeans and tee to pleated skirts and maxi dresses .
DALLAS , TX ( WCMH ) — The Texas church says someone stole the flag from its sanctuary and left behind an anonymous note .
“ I did n't agree with your flag so I took it down . P.S . There are only 2 genders , ” Rev . Patrick Price read from the note to KTVT .
The Community Unitarian Universalist Church prides itself on being an open-minded congregation , but on Saturday night , someone stole their rainbow flag and replaced it with the Stars and Stripes .
“ We 're not naïve . We realize when we put up the first flag , someone might decide they want to remove it . And so we decided that we would have a flag in reserve . This will be a new symbol of our renewed commitment to being a welcoming congregation , ” church member Betsy Friauf told KTVT .
The church said it plans on replacing the flag .
Video
Hundreds of people are taking part in the 50th Long Mynd Hike in Shropshire .
They compete to do a 50-mile hike in under 24 hours .
Hopefully , the walkers and organisers have better equipment than when it started during the 1960s .
Getty Images Jobs , jobs , jobs : So many Americans are working that companies have to pay more or risk losing them .
” Jobs , jobs , jobs , ” the late Sen. Ted Kennedy used to say in 1980 when asked how to fix an ailing economy . The mantra was so popular it was taken up by popular leaders in both parties ranging from Ronald Reagan to Bill Clinton .
Well , the economy is no longer ailing , and that 's because it has plenty of jobs . U.S. employment rose by 200,000 in January , bringing to 18 million the number of new jobs created since the end of the 2007-2009 Great Recession .
Read : U.S. adds 200,000 jobs with wage growth fastest in more than 8 years
A record 147.8 million people were at work in January , according to the government 's survey of businesses .
Having a job is not enough , though . Workers need to earn enough each year to keep ahead of inflation and hopefully do even better than that .
Now it appears paychecks are finally starting to perk up . Hourly wages rose at a 2.9 % yearly pace in January , marking the biggest 12-month gain in eight and a half years .
See : Worker compensation hits nearly 3-year high , ECI shows
A fluke ? The gains may have been exaggerated last month , but make no mistake . Wages are likely to continue to creep higher in 2018 owing to steadily rising demand for goods and services and the tightest labor market in almost two decades . The unemployment stands at a 17-year low of 4.1 % .
“ Labor markets are very tight and anecdotal and survey evidence has been pointing to a significant in wage gains for awhile , ” said Stephen Stanley , chief economist of Amherst Pierpont Securities , who expects hourly pay to finally breach 3 % in 2018 .
Strong demand for goods and services also help explain why job openings in the U.S. remain near a record high despite all the hiring over the past eight years . Some 5.88 million jobs were available in November , according to the government 's job openings and labor turnover survey .
Read : NABE says the number of firms raising wages the highest in 18 years
The Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey , due Tuesday , is expected to show more of the same . Economists will also pore over the report to see if Americans are quitting at a higher rate .
The quits rate is back to precession peaks , signaling that more Americans are confident they can find a better job . That 's the best way to get a big pay raise , as it turns out , and contribute to rising income .
And American is confident — the most confident in years . The consumer sentiment survey in January , for example , found that Americans are more secure in their jobs and less worried about being fired . They feel good enough to save less and buy what they want even if they do n't get the lowest price .
About the only economic signal that 's not flashing positive is the nation 's trade deficit . The trade gap could hit a 10-year high in December , reflecting higher prices for oil imports and increasing demand for foreign-made goods such as cell phones .
In an odd sort of way , a higher trade deficit is n't always a bad thing . In this case , it signals that the U.S. economy is doing so well Americans can afford to buy more imported goods . Foreign goods are also cheaper after a decline in the value of the dollar .
A higher trade deficit , however , is sure to anger the occupant in the White House . President Trump vowed to take a hardline with U.S. trading partners such as Mexico and China in an effort to slash the deficit . But the gap actually rose in their first year in office and shows little sign of softening .
Guide to Euro 2016 quarterfinals A closer look at the eight teams vying for the title of the best in Europe .
Soccer star 's grandpa picks awful time for nudist reveal Thibaut Courtois has been embarrassed on the eve of Euro 2016 – by their granddad who came out as a nudist . The Chelsea keeper , 24 , hoped for a calm build-up ...
The five favorites for Euro 2016 There may be no World Cup this summer , but that does n't mean serious soccer fans have to sit around twiddling their thumbs until the return of European domestic league action ...
World Cup beauty loses modeling gig after hunting photo outrage The Belgian beauty who scored a L'Oréal modeling deal after their World Cup photos went viral earlier this week has been released from their contract . The decision comes after 17-year-old ...
World Cup fan gets modeling deal after photo goes viral She 's the Katherine Webb of Belgium . Axelle Despiegelaere was just a face in the crowd , watching their team prepare to take on Russia in a Group H World Cup game ...
Which World Cup quarterfinalist should you root for ? After three dramatic weeks of soccer , the World Cup has entered the quarterfinal stage . After Tuesday 's heartbreaking loss to Belgium , the United States team is no longer around to root ...
Fans devastated after Team USA 's galling extra-time defeat New York soccer fans were left brokenhearted Tuesday as they watched Team USA ousted from the World Cup in an overtime loss to Belgium . Raymond Klein , of The Bronx , watched ...
US World Cup dream dies in loss to Belgium SALVADOR , Brazil — They captured the hearts of America — from coast to coast , big towns and small , all the way to the White House . Capturing the World Cup will ...
Misión Verdad
Translated and Edited by Arturo Rosales , Axis of Logic
US Congressmen presented a draft law which proposes to ask the United Nations Security Council to impose sanctions on Venezuela . Is the US playing its last card on a multilateral level ?
The US Congress plays a leading role when it comes to “ humanitarian ” intervention in other countries . Corporate interests are in play which have imposed policies that benefit those who control both the international market and geopolitical arena that bear the American stamp .
Printed on the same file : “ Failed State ” and “ Humanitarian Crisis ”
The draft law is called Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act of 2017 . It was recently discussed on September 28 and thenpromptly approved by the House of Representatives and , subsequently , by the US Senate . It begins with figures that relate a biased story of a humanitarian crisis based on data on health and nutrition of the Venezuelan population obtained from universities with directors openly opposed to the government such as the Catholic University Andres Bello ( UCAB ) and the Universidad Simón Bolívar ( USB ) as well as the NGO Human Rights Watch .
In the draft law , presented by Eliot Engel , Albio Sires , Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Mario Diaz-Balart so as to supposedly “ provide humanitarian assistance to the people of Venezuela , defend democratic governance and combat generalized public corruption ” , emphasis is placed on the refusal of the Venezuelan Government to accept the “ humanitarian aid ” which attempted to deal in an “ institutional ” way with the National Assembly ( AN ) which jas an anti-chavista majority and is in contempt of the Constitutional Chamber of the Supreme Court of Justice ( TSJ ) . With a clear tendency towards disinformation , economic data published by the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) is used and so-called “ facts ” that speak about the existence of “ political prisoners ” , while omitting the crimes committed during violence in 2014 and subsequent coup conspiracies .
Then there are the “ demands ” of the US Congress made to the Venezuelan Government , that are the same as those which have been publicly made by gringo officials and spokespersons of the MUD : from the acceptance of “ humanitarian aid ” of food and medicine from USAUD and other Latin American countries ( which would make 10 million dollars available ) ; the acceptance of commitments from Venezuela to multilateral institutions such as the IMF and the World Bank ; the release of “ political prisoners ” and the restoration of the full powers of the after it had already been declared in contempt of court by the TSJ .
On the other hand , the draft law insists on accusations against senior officials of the Venezuelan government ( it includes members of the National Electoral Council ( CNE ) and the judicial system ) as well as the security forces . The accusations include corruption , drug trafficking and money laundering , without showing any evidence to justify such charges .
This Bill is the result of years of work that NGOs , foundations and media funded by various American institutions , whose editors ( led by its promoter , Democrat Eliot Engel ) have taken advantage of the inputs and narratives contained in the bulky dossier that they have assembled against the Venezuelan State . It is the fruit of years of “ work ” in favor of the gringo establishment , NGOs such as the Venezuelan Penal Forum and Provea that are finally responding politically to their creditors .
The Strategy : obtain sanctions in the UN
In the steps to take , the law in question directs the White House to instruct Nikki Haley , Ambassador of the United States at the UN , to propose a resolution that will force the Venezuelan government to allow the delivery of “ humanitarian relief ” . In the case that it was refused , it would apply to the Security Council to call on the Bolivarian government to “ allow the safe and unhindered access to humanitarian agencies and their partners – , including possible support from neighboring countries thus allowing the “ intervention of other Latin American countries ” .
The document also expressed total support for the application of the Inter-American Democratic Charter and to send a mission of electoral observers to Venezuela organized by Luis Almagro as the head of the OAS , as well as sanctions on officials accused of acts of “ great corruption ” .
Objective : to turn Venezuela into a new Libya ?
By raising the “ Venezuela case ” to the UN Security Council under the pretext of “ humanitarian ” , this sector of power linked to the US President Donald Trump seems to fit into a well-known profile : a situation of specific difficulty resulting in violations to sovereignty by foreign political and military forces .
A good historical example of “ humanitarian intervention ” by the UN is in Somalia which since 1991 they kept that country embroiled in a constant war fueled by the US , in addition to a permanent invasion from Kenya .
In the very same way , the UN Security Council , permanent members such as the United States , United Kingdom and France allowed the terrorist advance in Libya and the overthrow of Muammar al-Gaddafi based on the Resolutions 1970 ( 2011 ) and 1973 ( 2011 ) , in which a powerful oil , commercial and financial embargo was approved against that African nation .
With protests , using the pretext of unemployment and rising commodity and services prices , an escalation of violence was implemented and intervention in Libya was approved . By means of Resolution 1970 the rejection of the ‘ international community ' ( the Western powers ) to “ human rights violations ” was agreed and this was reported as propaganda resulting in a blockade and naming the Libyan government as “ Qaddafi 's regime ” in the international , globalized corporate media . The parallels are evident .
For that dossier , convictions and recommendations of the Arab League , the African Union and the Islamic Conference against Libya were important , and the resolution called upon the government to allow access to international observers and humanitarian supplies . Is the Lima Group commissioned to do the same in Latin America ?
Resolution 1973 , issued a few weeks after the previous one , authorized the adoption of “ all necessary measures ” , which led to the use of force . Although territorial occupation was ruled out , it established “ a ban on all flights ” in Libyan airspace , authorizing NATO forces to shoot down Libyan aircraft .
The rest is history . Today Libya has been “ somalialized ” . The alliance between jihadists , common delinquents and smugglers has resulted in a very profitable financial conundrum due to the trafficking of migrants , also known as trade in human beings .
Vital for the plan : the Humanitarian War
The US political elite appears to have ruled out the MUD as a major player in its plan of action . It has increased the role of the Lima Group and its influence at the OAS in order to seek UN sanctions , as recommended by the former commander of the Allied NATO Forces , Admiral James Stavridis , who is predicting an upcoming civil war and a humanitarian crisis .
The Venezuelan Government has not accepted , nor would even dream of accepting , any “ humanitarian ” action even in the midst of the economic war , sabotage to public services , the financing of violent actions ( looting or riots ) then presented on a global scale under the matrix of “ hunger ” and the “ Failed State ” , nor the recent financial blockade . However , what was said in the Bill aimed at neighboring Latin American governments will be vital in the setting up a media-type scenario and the fabrication of the “ necessity ” for intervention in forums such as the United Nations shielded by the “ Responsibility to Protect ” ( R2P , in English ) .
This doctrine elaborated by the US was used as a mechanism to intervene in Libya , since the African nation , according to that narrative , had turned into a “ Failed State ” , where the “ international community ” had an obligation to intervene to “ protect its population ” . Again , using the narrative of a “ humanitarian crisis ” , the resemblance is evident with respect to the treatment it wants to impose on Venezuela .
With the same objective in mind , but this time from the OAS , Luis Almagro is trying something similar in their latest report which is a regional roadmap that intends to fabricate amongst other things , a Venezuela refugee crisis on the borders of neighboring countries .
The thesis that international peace and security are threatened by internal situations in Venezuela that prevent “ humanitarian assistance ” is an aspect of the new international law defended by geopolitical and transnational interests over the principle of non-interference and intervention in the internal affairs of nation-States . The action of neighboring states remains to be seen , in the framework of Trump 's “ military option ” , to worsen the domestic situation ( massive migrations , shortages , drugs , weapons and paramilitary violence ) that are conducive to such threats and activate the bellicose application that humanitarian crises have become an excuse for U.S. intervention .
0:47 Aquinas ' Michael Harley picks Miami Hurricanes Pause
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley : ' I have nothing to squash , I 'm thankful for what we were able to build here '
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn 's resignation
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins ' loss to Steelers
It 's rare indeed that a panoply of world-class pianists is performing in Bay Area concert halls within such a short period , as will happen over the next several days . The first of four keyboard wizards up is young Russian pianist Denis Kozhukhin , with four performances of their compatriot composer Sergei Prokofiev 's Concerto No . 2 with the San Francisco Symphony under the baton of Andres Orozco-Estrada at Davies Symphony Hall . The Prokofiev piece , once described as a “ frantic dazzler , ” will share the evening with fellow Russian Sergei Rachmaninoff 's lyric Symphony No . 2 – the one brimming with gorgeous romantic , sometimes bittersweet , melodies and passages that have occasionally served as background balm for a few 20th-century movies – especially during poignant love or farewell scenes .
Kozhukhin , born in Nizhny Novgorod , Russia , in 1986 , is now based in Berlin . They were awarded third prize in the 2006 Leeds International Piano Competition as well as first prize in the Belgian Queen Elisabeth Competition . They studied at the Escuela Superior de Musica Reina Sofia in Madrid , and upon graduation , they received their diploma personally from Queen Sofia of Spain and was named the best student in their graduating year . Their chamber group , the Cervantes Trio , twice won the school 's “ best chamber group ” competition . They were subsequently invited to study at the International Piano Academy Lake Como . Their recordings include piano sonatas by Joseph Haydn as well as concertos by Tchaikovsky and Grieg with the Rundfunk-Sinfonieorchester Berlin under conductor Vassily Sinaiski .
Details : 8 p.m. April 19 , 2 p.m. Apr 20 , 7:30 Apr 21 , 8 p.m. Apr 22 ; Davies Symphony Hall , 201 Van Ness , San Francisco , $ 29- $ 165 , 415-864-6000 , www.sfsymphony.org .
PERAHIA NONPAREIL : The great concert grand at Davies will have hardly cooled off from the heat generated by Kozhukhin , when the celebrated American pianist Murray Perahia will settle in at the keyboard on April 25 to perform a set of beloved works by three of the greatest German composers .
Perahia , who is also a respected conductor , will play J.S . Bach 's French Suite No . 6 ; Mozart 's exuberant Rondo in A minor ; Franz Schubert 's intimate and elegant Impromptus , D. 935 , all topped off by Beethoven 's moving and prophetic Piano Sonata No . 32 in C minor Opus 111 , widely considered their greatest and most profound .
Details : 8 p.m. Tuesday April 25 , Davies Symphony Hall , 201 Van Ness , San Francisco $ 35- $ 99 , 415-864-6000 , www.sfsymphony.org
DOUBLY DAZZLING : And there are two more on April 25 : Leif Ove Andsnes is joined by Marc-Andre Hamelin for a two-piano , four-hands concert in the San Francisco Performances series . Their program includes Mozart 's Larghetto and Allegro in E-flat Major ; Stravinsky 's Concerto for Two Pianos : “ The Rite of Spring ” and Debussy 's “ En Blanc et Noir . ”
Details : 7:30 p.m. , April 25 , Herbst Theater , 401 Van Ness , $ 50- $ 85 , www.cityboxoffice.com .
SUNDAY AFTERNOON TREAT : Crowden Chamber Music Sundaes features members of the San Francisco Symphony and their guests . This Sunday 's program includes : Beethoven 's Duet , “ Mit zwei obligaten Augenglaesen ” in E-flat major performed by Matthew Young , viola , and Sebastien Gringas , cello ; Dohnanyi 's “ Serenade ” in C major featuring Yuna Lee , violin , plus Young , and Gringas ; and Mendelssohn 's Piano Trio No . 2 in C minor performed by David Chernyavsky , violin ; Angela Lee , cello ; and piano whiz Marcus Pawlik .
Details : 3 p.m. April 23 ; Crowden School , 1475 Rose Street ( at Sacramento ) , Berkeley . $ 28 general admission , $ 22 seniors and students , $ 11 youth under 18 ; http : //www . chambermusicsundaes.org .
OLD AND NEW CHORAL GEMS : The 24-voice choral group , Cappella SF , founded and directed by S.F . Symphony Chorus conductor Ragnar Bohlin , will perform a program for Cal Performances that will include J.S . Bach 's “ Lobet den Herrn ” and music , some from Bohlin 's fellow Scandinavians , by Sven-David Sandstrom ( his version of “ Lobet den Herrn ” ) , plus the world premiere of a new work by Ola Gjeilo . American composer Z. Randall Stroope 's “ We Beheld Once Again the Stars ” is on the program , as are ethereal excerpts from Estonian Arvo Part 's “ Kanon Pokajanen ” and Swiss composer Frank Martin 's Mass for Double Choir . The same program will be repeated on April 30 in Saratoga
Details : 8 p.m. April 22 , Hertz Hall , UC Berkeley . $ 37- $ 64 , 510-642-9988 , tickets @ calperformances.org . ; 5 p.m. April 30 , St. Andrew 's Episcopal Church , 13601 Saratoga Ave. ; $ 20- $ 40 , www.cappellasf.org .
BREATHTAKING BRAHMS : The Pacific Chamber Orchestra , under the direction of Lawrence Kohl , will present Brahms ' glorious Symphony No . 1 plus Edward Elgar 's Cello Concerto with Nina Flyer as soloist .
Details : 7:30 p.m. Apr 22 , Lafayette-Orinda Presbyterian Church , 49 Knox Dr. , Lafayette ; 2:00 p.m. April 23 , Bankhead Theater , 2400 First St. , Livermore ; $ 40 , $ 35 senior , child or student free with paid adult , http : //www . pacificchamberorchestra.org .
Contact Cheryl North at cherylnorth @ hotmail.com .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption President Maduro railed against Donald Trump at a rally in Caracas
Venezuela 's president has ordered the armed forces to hold exercises following US President Donald Trump comments about military intervention .
In a televised speech , Nicolás Maduro said Venezuelans had to be prepared to defend the country against `` the imperialist boot '' .
The `` civic-military '' exercises are due to take place on 26-27 August .
Mr Trump warned last Friday that the US was looking at all options on Venezuela `` including a possible military option '' .
Their comments were condemned by other Latin American countries and by the Venezuelan opposition .
Venezuela faces a worsening political crisis and more than 120 people have been killed in anti-government protests since April .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Pro-government supporters took part in an anti-US rally in Caracas on Monday
`` The land of Venezuela is sacred and should never be touched by the Yankee imperialist boot , '' Mr Maduro told government supporters following a rally in the capital Caracas .
`` Let 's prepare ourselves to defend the peace with tanks , planes and guns . Let the traitors to the country listen well , I have given the order , I have given the order to the superior chief of staff of the Bolivarian National Armed Forces to start the preparations for a civic-military exercise '' .
Thousands of Venezuelans heeded President Nicolas Maduro 's call to take to the streets to show opposition to the US on Monday .
Many waved banners saying `` Stop Trump '' .
In a further show of defiance , Venezuelan Defence Minister Vladimir Padrino appeared on television with battle-ready troops behind them at an army base .
They warned the US not to steal Venezuela 's oil reserves and warned the opposition not to be ambivalent .
`` This is a time for reflection , you are either a Venezuelan patriot , or pro-Yankee , '' they said .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Defence Minister Vladimir Padrino made a defiant speech
The Venezuelan opposition rebuffed Mr Trump 's comments , saying they played into the hands of Mr Maduro who has often alleged that the US wants to take over the country .
Mr Maduro has consistently argued that the US is trying to remove them to get hold of Venezuela 's oil reserves - the largest in the world .
Earlier on Monday , US Vice-President Mike Pence said President Trump was showing `` his resolve not to stand by and let a neighbour collapse into dictatorship '' .
Speaking in the Colombian city of Cartagena at the beginning of a regional tour , they said the US would use its `` full economic and diplomatic weight to help restore democracy in Venezuela '' .
Mr Pence said the US would involve countries across the world to pressure the Venezuelan government to allow elections .
When asked by reporters whether pressure would include oil sanctions , Mr Pence said the US was looking at a `` full range of economic sanctions '' .
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) – A local attorney is warning that we could begin to see more violent crimes taking place on social media .
Following Sunday 's live broadcast on Facebook of a deadly shooting in Cleveland he 's concerned about the direction social media is headed .
Cyberspace attorney , Andrew Rossow says social media plays a major role in how suspects are traced and prosecuted . They say what happened on Facebook Live in Cleveland is disturbing , but may just be the beginning .
“ People are starting to live through their devices and online technology . Hiding behind their Facebook user names or Twitter handles , thinking people ca n't find them , ” said Rossow with the Gregory M. Gantt Co. , L.P.A law firm .
They say if you see a crime on social media , call law enforcement immediately . Also , if you think what you 're posting is private , it 's not . They say Facebook 's policy allows posts to be traced if requested through the legal system .
“ You hope people understand right from wrong , but some people do n't and unfortunately , the next thing is going to be what is the next thing that 's going to happen , ” they said .
Five-Star Movement leader Luigi Di Maio meets reporters at the Italian parliament , in Rome , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Italy will take more time to try to form a government rather than head for another election in order to avoid the risk of more financial market turmoil , the premier-designate said Wednesday . The two populist parties that got the most votes in the March 4 election failed to create a government over the weekend after President Sergio Mattarella vetoed their proposed economy minister . ANSA via AP Fabio Frustaci
President Donald Trump on Monday spoke out against white supremacists “ and other hate groups ” after the weekend 's attack in Charlottesville , Va. , slammed the chief executive of drugmaker Merck on Twitter , and signed a memorandum that could lead to an investigation into Chinese trade practices .
‘ RACISM IS EVIL , ' TRUMP SAYS , 2 DAYS AFTER CHARLOTTESVILLE
Trump said in a statement delivered from the White House that “ racism is evil ” and said those who cause violence in its name are “ criminals and thugs , ” calling out white supremacists , neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan . The president spoke from the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray , and announced the opening of a civil-rights investigation into the Charlottesville incident . Their statement came after they faced pressure to more forcefully address the violence , in which a woman died after being run over by a car that drove into a crowd of people protesting a white-nationalist rally on Saturday .
Trump spent the day in Washington , interrupting their vacation in Bedminster , N.J .
Read : Trump says ‘ racism is evil ' after criticism over initial Charlottesville response .
PRESIDENT GOES AFTER MERCK 'S FRAZIER ON TWITTER
Trump turned their fire on Ken Frazier , the chief executive of Merck & Co. MRK , +0.46 % , following Frazier 's decision to quit a White House manufacturing advisory council on Monday morning . The drugmaker 's chief said in a statement that “ America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy. ” Shortly after Frazier 's statement , Trump tweeted : “ Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ”
Also see : Merck CEO quits presidential council after Charlottesville violence ‘ as a matter of personal conscience , ' and Trump attacks him .
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 14 , 2017
CHINA TRADE MEMORANDUM SIGNED
Trump signed a memorandum that could ultimately lead to allowing the imposition of tariffs on Chinese goods . The memo directs U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine whether an investigation is necessary into alleged unfair trade practices , focusing specifically on theft of U.S. intellectual property .
“ This is just the beginning , ” Trump said at the White House on Monday . They were joined at the event by Raytheon Co. RTN , +0.55 % CEO Tom Kennedy and other executives . Democrats were critical of the move . “ To make an announcement that they 're going to decide whether to have an investigation on China 's well-documented theft of our intellectual property is another signal to China that it is OK to keep stealing , ” said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , a New York Democrat .
CALL WITH ABE SCHEDULED
Trump is scheduled to fly to their Trump Tower residence in New York on Monday night , and has a call planned with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan . The White House did not detail the reason for the call , but it comes amid elevated tension with North Korea over that country 's missile tests and threats to the U.S. territory of Guam . Secretary of Defense James Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wrote in the Wall Street Journal on Sunday that the administration is seeking diplomatic solutions to achieve a de-nuclearized North Korea .
U.S. stocks SPX , +1.00 % ended higher as tensions receded somewhat .
Michigan police say they helped prevent a suicidal man from jumping off an overpass and onto a Detroit freeway early Tuesday morning by blocking traffic and then getting 13 trucks to park underneath the bridge . Michigan State Police
ALEXANDRIA , Va. ( AP ) — A rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they practiced for a charity baseball game Wednesday , critically wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and hitting aides and Capitol police as members of congress and others dove for cover . The assailant , who had nursed grievances against President Donald Trump and the GOP , fought a running gun battle with police before he , too , was shot and later died .
Colleagues said Scalise , who had been fielding balls at second base , dragged themselves away from the infield leaving a trail of blood before they rushed to their assistance . They were listed in critical condition , but their office said that before they underwent surgery for a wound in their hip they were in good spirits and spoke with their wife by telephone .
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson , a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called “ Terminate the Republican Party . ”
Photos : Congressman shot View as list View as gallery Open Gallery A Capitol Hill Police officer stands their post at the entrance to the House of Representatives on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. ( AP Photo/J . Scott Applewhite ) An Alexandria , Va. police officer tapes off an area near the YMCA after a shooting in Alexandria , Va. Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot at a Congressional baseball practice . ( AP Photo/Alex Brandon ) Alexandria , Va. Police and other first responders block East Monroe Ave. in Alexandria , Va. , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , after a shooting involving House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La , at a congressional baseball practice . ( AP Photo/Alex Brandon ) Tourists are directed away from the Capitol Building and across the lawn by Capitol Hill Police officers , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot at a Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. ( AP Photo/J . Scott Applewhite ) Capitol Hill Police officers shut down the plaza on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was shot during a Congressional baseball game in Alexandria , Va. ( AP Photo/J . Scott Applewhite ) Police and emergency personnel are seen near the scene where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot during a Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . ( AP Photo/Cliff Owen )
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise 's security detail wounded the shooter , who was taken into custody . They later died of their injuries , Trump told the nation from the White House .
“ Everyone on that field is a public servant , ” Trump said , their tone somber , America 's acrimonious politics set aside for the moment . “ Their sacrifice makes democracy possible . ”
Lawmakers noted their good fortune in having armed protectors on hand — “ Thank God , ” they exclaimed over and over — and said otherwise the shooter would have been able to take a huge deadly toll .
Across the Potomac River in Washington , the shocking events left the Capitol horrified and stunned , and prompted immediate reflection on the current hostility and vitriol in American politics . Lawmakers called for a new dialogue on lowering the partisan temperature , and Trump urged Americans to come together as they assumed the role of national unifier for one of the first times in their presidency .
Proceedings were canceled for the day in the House , and instead Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California issued their own calls for unity . “ An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us , ” Ryan said , to prolonged applause .
Shortly after the shooting , Bernie Sanders , the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination , said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year . Sanders said they denounced the violence “ in the strongest possible terms . ”
Scalise , 51 , the No . 3 House Republican leader , was first elected in 2008 . The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for their love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when they secured the job of House whip several years ago .
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said that one of their aides , Zack Barth , was shot was doing well and expected to fully recover . Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries . A former congressional aide was hospitalized .
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria , Virginia , where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m . They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats . The popular annual face-off , which raises money for charity , is scheduled for Thursday evening at Nationals Park across the Potomac River in Washington , and will go forward as planned .
Hodgkinson has been in the area since March , living out of their van , said local FBI Special Agent In Charge Tim Slater . Democratic former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille said they had spoken often with the man on recent mornings at the nearby YMCA .
Hodgkinson 's apparent Facebook page included strong criticism of Republicans and the Trump administration .
The GOP lawmakers ' team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted .
Scalise was fielding balls at second base when they were shot , according to lawmakers present . Rep. Mo Brooks , an Alabama Republican , said their colleague “ crawled into the outfield , leaving a trail of blood . ”
“ We started giving them the liquids , I put pressure on their wound in their hip , ” Brooks said .
The gunman had a rifle and “ a lot of ammo , ” said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona , who was at the practice .
Texas Rep. Joe Barton , still in their baseball uniform , told reporters that Scalise 's security detail , Capitol Hill police and then Alexandria police returned fire in a battle that lasted as long as 10 minutes and included dozens of shots .
“ The security detail saved a lot of lives , ” they said . “ It was scary . ”
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout . Barton said their son , Jack , got under an SUV .
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway described what sounded like an explosion , then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him .
“ The guy 's down to a handgun , they dropped their rifle , they shoot him , I go over there , they put them in handcuffs , ” Conaway said , adding that if the shooter had “ gotten inside the fence , where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout , it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel . ”
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said they had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting . The man calmly asked which party 's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told them they were the Republicans . The man thanked him .
The wounded Capitol Police officers were identified as David Bailey , who was treated for a minor injury , and Crystal Griner , who was shot in the ankle . Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika , who now works for Tyson Foods in its Washington office . Mika 's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition and in surgery .
The event raised questions about the security of members of Congress . While the top lawmakers , including Scalise , have security details , others do not and regularly appear in public without protection . The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011 .
Following the Giffords shooting , lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events .
Greenville Mayor Errick D. Simmons told the Delta Democrat-Times that any city employee who wants to make a purchase must get approval from him . They said emergency items will be approved , but elected officials are trying to send the message that the city “ can do more with less . ”
Greenville has faced major issues with the sewer system this year . Some manholes have collapsed , and crews have had to repair broken water lines , pipes and manhole covers .
Since 2015 , Greenville has spent roughly $ 3.8 million on sewer repairs . All of that was paid with cash .
Shortly after the current budget year started Oct. 1 , City Council members realized the steep financial situation they would be facing . In January , the council set a 2.5 percent budget cut for all departments and put restrictions on purchase orders .
“ We are putting things in place where we are trying to reduce our expenditure side of our budget or balance sheet to be more fiscally responsible to our taxpayers , ” Simmons said in a recent interview .
With just over four months until the fiscal year ends Sept. 30 , the city has hundreds of unpaid purchase orders to local merchants .
Steve Osso is the city 's external financial consultant . They said although Greenville 's finances are not where they would like them , the present circumstances must be held in context .
In March , the city had about $ 3.7 million cash on-hand , which was down about $ 3.8 million year-to-date .
By May , the city had about $ 5.2 million cash on-hand , bringing the year-to-date cash balance difference to about $ 2.6 million .
When Osso became the financial consultant for the city 10 years ago , they said the finances were not great . However , they began to steadily turn around until 2013 , when the Environmental Protection Agency ordered the city to improve its water and sewer system .
The city is 18 months ahead of schedule on sewer work in some areas , but getting to that point required spending vast amounts from the cash balance for sewer evaluation studies , Osso said .
Greenville 's sewer infrastructure issues are n't going to be solved soon .
“ Where there is challenge , there is opportunity and the greatest opportunity that I see , as the mayor of this city , is that our children and grandchildren will have a better infrastructure , have a better sanitary sewer and collection system , ” Simmons said . “ It 's going to cost but at least we can attract the necessary industry to improve the quality of life . ”
ATLANTIC CITY , N.J. — A Pennsylvania man who repeatedly stabbed a woman in an Atlantic City casino parking garage last year and then locked them in their car before they eventually escaped from the moving vehicle has pleaded guilty to attempted murder .
David Legette , 54 , of Bristol , entered their plea Tuesday as part of a deal with Atlantic County prosecutors . It was made public on Wednesday .
Legette now faces a 16-year state prison term when he 's sentenced July 20 .
The Pennsylvania woman had an active restraining order against Legette when the attack occurred on July 2 , prosecutors said , adding that the pair had previously been involved in a romantic relationship .
While they were in the garage , Legette pulled out a knife and stabbed them 19 times . They then locked them inside the car , using the vehicle 's child-lock feature to make sure they could n't escape .
As Legette drove in nearby Ventnor a short time later , the woman reached out of the window and opened the door from the outside , prosecutors said . They then rolled themselves out of the car and landed in the middle of the road as Legette drove off .
Witnesses saw the woman escape and quickly called 911 as Legette sped away from the scene . The woman identified Legette as their attacker to officers at the scene . They were located and arrested in Bristol on July 2 of last year , and prosecutors said the victim 's DNA was found inside the vehicle .
The woman survived the ordeal . Besides the numerous stab wounds , they also suffered a partially eviscerated intestine and a lacerated liver and spleen .
LIMERICK has the potential to create up to 1,000 jobs in the screen production sector in the next three to five years , it has been claimed .
Finance minister Paschal Donohoe was in Limerick this week to hear about ambitious plans to capitalise on investment of €200 million nationally in screen production over the next 10 years and `` build on its growing reputation as a centre for international productions '' .
The Minister visited the Innovate Limerick Engine training centre and workspace in Cecil Street where they met with NBC Universal , Troy Studios and stakeholders from the region who have assisted with developing the local film sector .
Central to production in Limerick has been the €53m budget production of the television adaptation of George RR Martin 's Nightflyers , filming on which wrapped at Troy Studios recently .
The much-anticipated Syfy series , being produced by NBC Universal and Universal Cable Productions , along with Wild Atlantic Pictures , is expected to screen on Netflix in the Autumn .
A council spokesperson said it had a 91 % Irish crew with an average of 320 employees on site in Limerick each day .
Minister Donohoe said : “ During my visit to Limerick earlier in the week I took the opportunity to meet with Innovate Limerick at ENGINE in Cecil St where I met representatives from NBC Universal to hear about the work that is ongoing at Troy Studios , where the much anticipated Nightflyers has been filmed .
`` It also provided an opportunity to talk about the future development of the film sector more broadly in Ireland and the supports that may be needed to ensure that we can meet our full potential in this regard .
`` The collaboration of the stakeholders that are engaged in the industry in the Mid-West and the scale of ambition , through , for example Limerick 2030 , to grow the number of jobs , ensure the availability of skills upgrades to enable us to meet the needs of the sector was encouraging .
`` Limerick is one of the five cities targeted in Project Ireland 2040 for future development . By strengthening diverse sectors of our economy , such as the film industry , we can provide more engines of growth and better opportunities for our people in the Mid-West , while further enhancing Ireland 's reputation in this area on the global stage , '' they added .
The meeting discussed the positive impact of the film industry on the Mid-West , the broad base of skills required to service the industry and the opportunities to grow and expand going forward with the possibility of up to 1,000 jobs within the sector over the next three to five years .
Attendees at the meeting included representatives from Limerick City and County Council , Innovate Limerick , Limerick Twenty Thirty , Troy Studios , NBC , Limerick Institute of Technology , University of Limerick , Limerick Clare Education and Training Board , Mid-West Regional Skills and elected representatives .
`` This was a great opportunity for the Minister meet with all relevant stakeholders in Limerick and hear of our plans to unlock the potential of the developing film industry in the Mid-West , '' said Mike Cantwell , Head of Innovate Limerick .
`` The Government 's recent announcement of a €200m investment in media as part of the Ireland 2040 project will allow us to grow the regional film sector here , expand training needs and fund the creation of film production and TV drama in Limerick .
`` We know that there is the potential to create up to 1,000 jobs in the sector and this is a growth area we are firmly committed to developing so it was a great to engage with the Minster about how we can best exploit the potential opportunities open to us
Associated Press
PHILADELPHIA — Newly freed rapper Meek Mill has rung the ceremonial bell before the start of Game 5 of the Philadelphia 76ers-Miami Heat playoff series in Philadelphia .
Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin posted a picture of themselves with Mill on Instagram Tuesday night with the caption “ On the way to the sixers game let 's go . ”
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond .
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter .
Mill was freed from a prison outside Philadelphia shortly before 7 p.m .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court had directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order freeing them on bail while they appeal decade-old drug and gun violations .
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation .
While they were incarcerated , celebrities including Rubin and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft , visited them and offered their support .
The parents are to blame .
That 's the outrageous claim of accused killer Yoslyn Ortega 's older sister , who took the stand Monday to say Marina and Kevin Krim should have noticed something was off about their nanny and given them some time off — to prevent them from slaughtering their little kids , Lucia , 6 and Leo , 2 , with a kitchen knife .
“ Why did n't those parents realize and take them out themselves — they were seeing it , ” Miladys Garcia said defiantly when asked by a Manhattan prosecutor why they did n't do more following a troubling phone conversation with their sister on Oct. 25 , 2012 , the day of the gruesome murder in the Krims ' Upper West Side home .
Dad Kevin Krim , who sat in the courtroom gallery , shut their eyes and bowed their head upon hearing the shocking statement . Marina Krim was not present .
Garcia had earlier told jurors their sister “ had become something evil , ” that day , “ gnashing ” their teeth near the receiver about five hours before they slaughtered Lucia and Leo Krim in the bathtub .
“ So the Krims should have seen them unraveling and given their vacation , is that what you 're saying ? ” Assistant District Attorney Stuart Silberg asked incredulously .
“ Yes , because they were the ones seeing her , ” Garcia , 64 , replied flatly . “ Give them a vacation if you see she 's losing weight , say ‘ Yosie , you 're not yourself . ' Even a week of vacation . Say , ‘ Go , Yosie , you 're very thin . ' ”
Ortega , 55 , had been working part-time for the Krims alongside stay-at-home mom Marina , when they stabbed to death the 6- and 2- year-olds — who she 's likened to their own children .
“ She adored them . They would say , ‘ I have four children now , ' ” Garcia recalled Ortega saying , referring to the three Krim children and their own son .
Earlier in the day , Garcia said their sister in the weeks leading up to the murder kept babbling about “ a black man ” who wanted to “ separate the families . ”
Ortega first mentioned seeing “ a black man ” who would n't let them leave the house years earlier , in 2008 , Garcia testified . Those alleged hallucinations following the suicide of a family friend .
The nanny 's pal Raquel Perez also took the stand Monday , saying Ortega developed crying fits and jabbed at food in the months before the slaying .
Once , after they fell onto the couch in hysterics , Perez said they made Ortega a plate of food .
The nanny — just weeks before they repeatedly stabbed Lucia and Leo — took their fork and knife and repeatedly plunged the utensils into the food in an upright motion , Perez said .
Ortega , who 's mounting an insanity defense , says they were “ touched by the devil ” when they killed the children .
If convicted of first-degree murder charges , Ortega faces life behind bars . If found not guilty by reason of insanity , she 'll likely spend the rest of their life in a psychiatric institution .
Get the Better newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
As a registered dietitian nutritionist , I spend a lot of time thinking about kitchen organization . After all , the average American is in the kitchen for 37 minutes a day , prepping food and cleaning up , per data from the United States Department of Agriculture . And then there 's the time you spend eating .
Although I love to shop for pretty kitchen tools and gadgets , the real fun is in making easy organizational tweaks to promote healthy eating and maximize weight-loss efforts . Here are a few of my favorite tips for doing so . The best part ? They 're all super easy to implement !
Have a set of measuring cups and spoons . Using measuring tools helps you get a handle on what a portion looks like so you wo n't overeat . If my clients do n't own these tools , I send them to the store after our first meeting to buy them ! One set works — but if you 're like me , you may find multiple sets useful . I like to keep tablespoons in containers of nuts and seeds to make healthy snacking a no-brainer .
Place fruit on the counter . Display those apples , pears , oranges and bananas on the countertop . You can use a pretty fruit bowl , or you can repurpose a pie plate ( that 's what I do ! ) . People who keep fruit on the countertop are more likely to have a lower BMI , a measure of body fat based on height and weight , according to a study published in Health Education and Behavior . When you want a snack , you 'll be more likely to reach for the fruit because it 's visible .
Hide the sugary stuff . Love chocolate ? Ca n't stop yourself when the jelly beans are in plain sight ? People who kept candy on their desk ate almost three times more candy than volunteers who hid candy containers in their desks — and close to six times more than people who had to walk a short distance to get to the candy — according to a study published in the journal Appetite . Use this strategy in your kitchen : Hide candy in the back of the pantry or freezer . Better yet , remove the treats from the house completely . If you want a cookie , go to the bakery and buy one so you 're not tempted to eat an entire package !
Rearrange your pantry . Make healthy food easier to get to by placing it in the front of a cabinet . In the Health Education and Behavior study , normal-weight people were more likely to store snack foods out of sight in a cupboard or a drawer and to place healthier foods in more visible places . Women who had soda and breakfast cereal on the countertop weighed more , as did men with candy visible on the counter .
Have an emergency stash . One of the first things I advise new clients is shopping for a supply of healthy food . Fresh fruits , veggies and proteins are fantastic to have on hand . But if you 're a few days late with this week 's grocery run or you 're just getting back from vacation , you 'll want to dip into your emergency supply for a healthy meal . Store frozen veggies and fruit in the freezer and brown rice , quinoa , canned beans , nuts and seeds in the pantry .
Confine food to the kitchen . Do n't hide food throughout the house ! This means saying good riddance to that candy bowl in the family room and the cookie stash in your home office . Obese participants were more likely to have food stored in rooms beyond the kitchen , according to a study in the International Journal of Obesity .
Bring sound into your kitchen . Whether you have a radio , speakers for your iPhone , or another way to listen to music , play soft tunes while you cook and eat . This may help you feel relaxed and encourage you to eat less , found a study by Cornell University researchers .
Want more tips like these ? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier , healthier and smarter ways to live . Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
Assemblyman gets 13 months in jail for bogus travel expenses ALBANY — Former Queens Assemblyman William Scarborough was sentenced Monday to 13 months in prison and two years of probation for submitting more than $ 54,000 in bogus travel reimbursements for ...
Assemblyman pleads guilty to fraud and theft charges ALBANY — Queens Assemblyman William Scarborough pleaded guilty Thursday to theft and fraud charges , admitting in federal court that they submitted at least $ 40,000 in false expense vouchers for days ...
Post 's 'tabloid hit job ' scores on Scarborough Told you so . Back in October 2012 , The Post reported that Assemblyman William Scarborough was one of many legislators abusing their “ per diems ” — the $ 171-a-night in food and lodging ...
Assemblyman William Scarborough arrested Longtime Queens Assemblyman William Scarborough was hit Wednesday with separate state and federal indictments charging them with filing bogus travel expenses and stealing campaign funds to pay their bills . Scarborough , ...
Queens residents fed up with constant corrupt lawmakers ALBANY — Taxpayers in Queens have seen too many crooked politicians — and now they say enough is enough . With the arrest of New York City Councilman Ruben Wills , Wednesday , ...
Sometimes things just are n't as they seem .
For instance , a firefly is not a fly , it 's a beetle . A peanut is not a nut , it 's a legume . Covfefe is n't a word , but a way of life … or an amazing land lined with streets made of gold and houses filled with perfectly crisp bacon … or something thought up while sitting on the toilet at 1 a.m. OK , maybe it is what it seems .
In fantasy baseball , you need to know what is real and what is fake , when it is time to invest in a player , and when it is time to sell them at peak value .
Before Friday night , Miguel Sano had struck out 73 times this season ( 37.1 percent of their plate appearances ) and was on pace to whiff 252 times ( yes , that would be a record ) . There are five players in the history of the game who have struck out 200 times or more in a season — Mark Reynolds ( three times ) , Chris Carter ( twice ) , Chris Davis ( twice ) , Adam Dunn and Drew Stubbs . None of those players had a batting average higher than .262 .
Sano hits the ball hard and is walking in a career-high 16.2 percent of their plate appearances , but they have an incredibly unsustainable .456 BABIP ( highest in the league ) , almost 80 points higher than their career norm . Their .297 average is going to fall , period . If you were expecting them to remain a borderline .300 hitter knowing they are a career .258 hitter , chances are you also believe you 're on a sitcom and people are watching you all day .
After hitting .269 with 18 homers and 52 RBIs in just 80 games in 2015 , big things were expected . They disappointed in 2016 , when they hit .236 with 25 homers and 66 RBIs in 116 games . Sano appears to be having their moment ( 13 homers , 40 RBIs , .411 OBP , 1.017 OPS ) , but the numbers indicate it wo n't remain this good .
It has been just 47 games , so selling Sano is not missing out on a breakout season or giving up on a young player , it is taking something when it is worth the most and turning it into something that is more valuable in the long run . And fantasy is about the endgame , not the first 47 games .
Your browser does not support iframes .
Here is a look at some players to consider buying and selling :
Buy : Jeff Samardzija might be 1-7 with a 4.63 ERA , but they are striking out a career-high 10.5 per nine innings and has a 3.13 FIP and 2.81 xFIP . Better days are ahead for the 32-year-old . Now is the time to buy low .
Sell : Despite Corey Dickerson 's high hard-hit percentage ( 35.3 ) , they are hitting a career-high number of ground balls and their BABIP ( .394 ) is about 60 points higher than their career average . They are getting lucky , and regression is in their future .
Buy : Maikel Franco ca n't be this bad , can he ? They are hitting .216 , but their plate discipline numbers are in line with their career numbers , their hard-hit percentage is at a career high , they get RBI opportunities and their .222 BABIP indicates they are running into bad luck . Ignore the chatter of them being sent to Triple-A and buy while they are at bargain-bin prices .
Sell : Dylan Bundy is 6-3 with a 2.89 ERA , but there are red flags . The 24-year-old 's FIP ( 4.04 ) and xFIP ( 4.84 ) indicate their luck will run out , but even more concerning is their injury history ( he had Tommy John in 2013 ) mixed with the fact they never has pitched more than 109 ²/₃ innings in a season ( he already has thrown 71 ²/₃ ) . Think Carlos Martinez in 2015 — 10-3 with a 2.52 ERA in the first half , 4-4 with a 3.73 ERA in the second .
Sell : Antonio Senzatela has been sensational through their first 11 starts ( 7-2 , 3.49 ERA ) , but they are a rookie pitching in Coors Field without dominating stuff ( 5.91 strikeouts per nine ) , with a 4.16 FIP and a .258 BABIP . Their long-term outlook does n't look as lucky .
Buy : Jose Quintana is 2-7 with a 5.60 ERA ( 15 runs over their past two starts ) , already has allowed 10 homers and is walking a career-high 3.36 per nine . But with a 4.28 FIP and a career-high 8.95 strikeouts per nine , it is hard to believe they wo n't fix their command issues and get back to being a top-25 pitcher . Take advantage of panicking owners .
Buy : Andrew McCutchen 's incredibly low BABIP ( .223 ) mixed with the fact they historically have been at their best in the month of June ( .308 , 26 HRs , 132 RBIs , 30 steals ) make them a solid buy for depth .
Sell : Ervin Santana has the lowest ERA ( 1.75 ) in the league , but a 4.10 FIP and 4.69 xFIP . Though they were one of Roto Rage 's favorite cheap finds in the draft , things will not remain this pristine all season long .
Big Hits
Your browser does not support iframes .
Adam Wainwright , SP , Cardinals
They have allowed just one run over their past four starts while going 4-0 with a 0.34 ERA , 21:10 strikeout-to-walk ratio and a .172 opponent average . Their .222 opponent BABIP just means the real guy will rear its ugly head sooner or later .
Elvis Andrus , SS , Rangers
May was good to the 28-year-old vet as they hit .316 with four homers , 20 RBIs , scored 20 runs , walked 10 times and stole seven bases .
Sean Manaea , SP , Athletics
They went 3-1 with a 2.63 ERA and 27:3 strikeout-to-walk ratio last month , and is 3-0 with a 1.42 ERA , 20 strikeouts and .179 opponent average over their past three starts .
Lucas Duda , 1B , Mets
Raised their average from .206 to .259 over their past 11 games by going 14-for-43 ( .326 ) with four homers , 11 RBIs , seven runs and a 1.094 OPS .
Big Whiffs
Your browser does not support iframes .
Manny Machado , SS/3B , Orioles
Over their past 18 games before Friday , they were 14-for-76 ( .184 ) with one homer , three RBIs and 20 strikeouts . They have a .236 BABIP in that span , so things will get better .
Hector Santiago , SP , Twins
The lefty is 0-4 with a 9.00 ERA , .330 opponent average and a 12:8 strikeout-to-walk ratio over their past five appearances . They have allowed 10 homers over their past 20 innings .
Ian Happ , OF , Cubs
After going 10-for-28 ( .357 ) with two homers , five RBIs , eight runs and 1.240 OPS in their first eight big-league games , they were 2-for-28 ( .071 ) with 13 strikeouts and no homers , runs or RBIs over their last nine games in May .
Chris Tillman , SP , Orioles
Has lost two of their past four starts , allowing 15 earned runs over their past 18 innings ( 7.50 ERA ) , a .363 opponent average , a .422 on-base percentage and .997 OPS .
Quick Hits
Arizona 's Robbie Ray has n't allowed a run in 24 ²/₃ innings , and has gone 3-0 with 25 strikeouts , three walks and a .104 opponent average in their past three starts , all on the road . In six road starts this season , the lefty is 4-1 with a 0.64 ERA , 53:13 strikeout-to-walk ratio and 0.756 WHIP . It is a different story for them at home , where they are 1-2 with a 6.75 ERA over five starts .
How did Justin Bour , whom Roto Rage highly recommended you pick up to replace Freddie Freeman , do in May ? Well , they went 33-for-96 ( .344 ) with 11 homers , 21 RBIs , 18 runs , a 1.156 OPS and 13 walks . Guess they did all right , huh ?
Bartolo Colon is starting to show their age . In May , they allowed 34 runs ( 25 earned ) while going 1-4 with an 8.54 ERA and a .362 opponent average . When Colon was a rookie ( 1997 ) , Michael Jordan was winning their fifth NBA title , the Browns moved to Baltimore and “ Titanic ” won the Oscar for best picture . Colon 's season is like “ Titanic. ” You know , big ship hitting a wall/iceberg and sinking ever so slowly .
Team Name of the Week
No Stroman , No Cry
This is the most expensive handbag in the world A rare Hermès Birkin bag sold at auction early Wednesday morning at Christie 's in Hong Kong for a whopping $ 382,000 USD . It 's set a record as the priciest handbag ever ...
Drake has been amassing Birkin bags for their future wife and people are disturbed How thoughtful ! Drake has been collecting Hermès Birkin bags for their future flame , per the Hollywood Reporter — and now , the rapper 's taking heat from Twitter critics for theirs unsolicited ...
This 100-pound , stone-carved Birkin bag is still cheaper than the real thing Barbara Segal 's handbags are so heavy , they would give any chiropractor a fit . “ You ca n't carry them around , ” the Yonkers artist says , “ but so many women with Birkins just stare ...
This handbag is worth more than a royal Chinese scroll The “ most valuable ” handbag in the world will cost you more than $ 300,000 . An unidentified buyer in a Hong Kong auction spent that much on a white crocodile-skin Birkin bag ...
EJ Johnson totes a $ 100K purse Auction house Christie 's has similar bags for sale in the $ 76,000 to $ 180,000 range .
Reality stars have ruined the Birkin No bag has held as firm or as long a grasp on “ It ” status as the Hermès Birkin , thanks to rumors of a decade-long waitlist and a line of celebrity ...
Resale retailers booming because of Birkin bags ' scarce supply It 's the must-have handbag for Hollywood 's celebrity set . Gwyneth Paltrow , Sofia Vergara and Julia Roberts ca n't seem to leave home without it . And those Kardashian women — has each had ...
Jane Birkin wants their name removed from iconic Hermès handbag They want their name removed after they were alerted to the `` cruel practices reserved for crocodiles during their slaughter . ''
Should black liberals get a pass on making racist accusations ? On a Nation of Islam radio show last weekend , Rep. Bennie Thompson — a Mississippi Democrat and member of the ...
Jay Bruce spent much of their final spring training with the Reds trying to add bunting to their arsenal . Bruce says they bunted roughly 100 balls a day during that 2016 camp , but the experiment did n't work .
“ I really did n't get any better at it , ” the Mets outfielder said .
So it might have come as a shock to many when Bruce executed a perfect bunt single against the shift Thursday in Miami . Two nights later , teammate Neil Walker also bunted for a single against the Marlins . It 's too early to say the bunt is back in vogue for the Mets , but it also might become another weapon opponents will be forced to respect .
Make no mistake , a team that set a franchise record with 218 home runs last season will still mostly live and die with the long ball , but the little ball , when used prudently , can add seasoning to the steak .
“ I have always been a pretty good bunter , but just never really got a lot of opportunities to do it , ” Walker said . “ You look for situations . We had n't gotten a hit for five innings , so sometimes you take what the defense is giving you . I looked down to third base and the guy was a couple of steps from the back grass . You just say it would be a good time to take a shot at it . ”
Your browser does not support iframes .
In Bruce 's case , the Mets were down four runs in a game they eventually won in 16 innings . Bruce said it was n't until they came to the plate and studied the Marlins ' over-shifted defensive alignment and realized the Mets needed base runners that they decided to bunt down the third-base line .
Bruce 's attempts at bunting in spring training last year had caught opponents ' attention such that teams began shifting to the right side with three infielders , but keeping the third baseman in on the grass near the bag . Bruce said Cubs manager Joe Maddon started using that alignment against him . It eventually led to Bruce abandoning the bunt .
“ I think if the situation arises where [ a bunt ] makes complete sense , I 'll take a chance from time to time , ” Bruce said . “ But I do n't think it 's necessarily part of my game . But when it 's there and it 's kind of staring me in the face , I will try it . ”
Manager Terry Collins is onboard with the idea of their players — even their sluggers — bunting , as long as the situation does n't call for an extra-base hit .
“ These guys get paid to hit the ball over the fence , ” Collins said . “ The first time I ever used the shift was against Ken Griffey [ Jr. ] . I would rather have them bunt than hit a homer , so I am sure the other teams feel the same way .
“ There are certain times in the game where , ‘ Hey , look , let 's get a guy on , because if we get somebody on and can do some damage , you 've got a chance , you can take the lead or build the lead or catch up . ' There are places for it , but the guys have got to want to do it , too . ”
Bruce has no illusions about defensive shifts against them disappearing anytime soon , even if they bunt more often .
“ It makes sense to [ shift ] , and my biggest thing is I tell myself if I hit the ball like I 'm supposed to , the shift wo n't really matter , ” Bruce said . “ It 's swinging at the right pitches , having your swing working the correct way , I think kind of takes care of all that stuff . ”
The Winter Paralympics ended on Sunday after 10 days of competition in Pyeongchang , South Koreas .
Image copyright Getty Images
Participants and spectators celebrated in style with a closing ceremony which featured dancers , musicians and flag bearers .
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
We take a look at some of the best pictures taken by sports photographers during the Paralympics 2018 .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The United States team are overcome with emotion as they celebrate their Ice Hockey gold medal against Canada .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Competitors race to the finish line in the Mixed Relay Cross-Country Skiing .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A French coach looks on with pride during the medal ceremony of the Alpine Skiing Women 's Slalom .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption An Italian coach carries the national flag during the Men 's Slalom Run .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption ( L-R ) Wang Haitao , Chen Jianxin , Liu Wei , Wang Meng and Zhang Qiang celebrate their gold medal after the Curling Mixed match between China and Norway .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption James Whitley of Great Britain swoops down the slope as they compete in the Men 's Slalom Run .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mike Minor of the United States reacts after they compete in the Men 's Banked Slalom .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Martin Fleig of Germany celebrates their win in the Biathlon Men 's 15km Sitting event .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Gold medallist Jeroen Kampschreur of the Netherlands celebrates their triumph in the Alpine Skiing Men 's Super Combined - Sitting , pulling a pose similar to Usain Bolt 's famous 'lightning bolt ' .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Alpine Skiing Men 's Super Combined gold medallist Miroslav Haraus of Slovakia and their guide Maros Hudik leap for joy .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Slovakia 's Radoslav Duris gives a thumbs up during the Wheelchair Curling Round Robin Session .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Jesper Pedersen of Norway celebrates at their victory ceremony for the Men 's Giant Slalom Run .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Jonty O'Callaghan of Australia takes a tumble during an Alpine Skiing event .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sebastien Fortier of Canada is a blur of activity in the Men 's Cross Country 15km Sitting event .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Vilde Nilsen of Norway collapses in happy exhaustion after crossing the finish line in the Women 's 6km Standing Biathlon .
Photos are copyright .
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Shane Larkin has 26 games to prove Phil Jackson wrong AUBURN HILLS , Mich. – Shane Larkin is back from strep throat and ready to show in the final 26 games they belong on the Knicks next season . Larkin , who is ...
Shane Larkin gets basketball tip from their Hall of Fame dad PUNTA CANA , Dominican Republic — Barry Larkin was a Hall of Fame baseball player . They know what it takes to win . They also know the challenge of learning something new ...
A Wigan rugby league legend who also won a World Cup after crossing codes will return to the town to talk about their extraordinary path to fame .
Jason Robinson , who was revered by fans of the 13-man code during their time at Central Park and also starred for Great Britain , will visit The Old Courts for a one-man show next year .
They will speak at the Crawford Street venue about their tough upbringing and their rise to massive success on the sporting field .
Robinson 's glittering career in RL was followed by further achievements in rugby union , where they were part of the England team that lifted the sport 's biggest prize Down Under in 2003 .
The Wigan event marks a rare appearance in this field for them and organisers are excited about the opportunity for sports fans to hear from them and quiz them about their life and career .
The Old Courts director Jonny Davenport said : “ Anyone passionate about the sport will no doubt be excited about this event regardless of loyalties as Jason achieved so much within the game and is of course synonymous with Wigan .
“ Aside from that , Jason has a particularly compelling life story and is exactly the type of engaging character we will be bringing to The Old Courts more and more . In addition to the presentation of Jason 's story they are really keen to mingle with guests who will have to opportunity to chat with them and ask their own burning questions . It should be a great night . ”
Playing either full back or wing “ Billy Whizz ” , as they were called because of their speed , scored 685 points in 302 appearances for Wigan , lifting numerous trophies . They moved to union in 2000 and would score 30 tries in 56 caps for England , including in the Rugby World Cup Final .
Robinson , known as Billy Whizz , has opened up about their tough upbringing and their own battles with alcohol which ultimately led them to become a devout Christian in a couple of books and is expected to speak frankly for the Wigan audience about this .
They have retained close links with the borough and is a keen supporter of charity Joining Jack .
An Evening With Jason Robinson is on Thursday April 12 . Tickets are now on sale . Visit www.facebook.com/events/214007739140749
Follow @ insidefutbol
Real Madrid have issued a statement rubbishing reports they have agreed a deal to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain .
The striker has been in fine form at the World Cup with France , further enhancing their profile and reputation as one of the most talented players in world football .
It has been claimed that Real Madrid have moved to sign the PSG star , agreeing a deal , in what would be a mega money move for the striker .
But the European champions have been quick to dismiss any suggestions and issued a statement .
The statement read : `` Given the information published in the last hours referring to an alleged agreement between Real Madrid CF and PSG by player Kylian Mbappe , Real Madrid says they are flatly false .
`` Real Madrid has not made any offers to PSG or the player and regrets the dissemination of this type of information that is not contrasted with the parties '' , it concluded .
PSG have been under pressure to balance the books after forking out big money to sign Neymar from Barcelona last summer .
But the French champions are rated as unlikely to sell Mbappe , who spent last season on loan at the Parc des Princes from Monaco and has now joined on a permanent basis .
Trump did n't comment on Roseanne 's tweets or their firing on Tuesday , including during a campaign rally in Nashville , where they made no mention of it .
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders had sidestepped questions from reporters on Tuesday when asked about the president 's opinion on the Roseanne controversy .
`` That 's not what the president is looking at . That 's not what he 's spending their time on , '' they told reporters on Air Force One . `` I think that we have a lot bigger things going on in the country right now , certainly that the president is spending their time when it comes to policy . ''
It is not clear which comments on ABC Trump was referring to in their tweet , but in the past they have railed against programs on the network such as the hit sitcom `` black-ish , '' has sparred with the hosts of `` The View '' and has been mocked by late night host Jimmy Kimmel .
`` How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled 'Blackish ' ? Can you imagine the furor of a show , `` Whiteish '' ! Racism at highest level ? '' Trump tweeted in 2014 .
ABC canceled the hit sitcom `` Roseanne '' on Tuesday after Barr , the show 's namesake and star , sent a racist tweet calling Jarrett a `` child '' of the `` Muslim Brotherhood '' and `` Planet of the Apes . ''
`` Roseanne 's Twitter statement is abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values , and we have decided to cancel their show , '' ABC said in a statement canceling the show .
Barr later apologized for the comments and later added that they had been under the influence of the prescription sleeping aid Ambien .
Jarrett responded to Barr 's comment on Tuesday , saying that ABC made the right decision in ending the show . They also confirmed that Iger had called them before the network 's announcement .
`` First of all , I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment . I 'm fine . I 'm worried about all the people out there who do n't have a circle of friends and followers coming to their defense , '' Jarrett said during a town hall on MSNBC called `` Everyday Racism in America . ''
In March , Trump called Barr , who plays a Trump supporter on the show and is also one in real life , to offer congratulations on the premiere of the sitcom 's reboot , which returned to ABC this year more than 20 years after it ended after a nine-season run .
Get the Better newsletter .
If you 're turning to smoothies as part of your strategy to lose weight or take your healthy eating up a notch , your menu may need a little attention . Done right , smoothies can make nutritious sense , packing satisfying ingredients along with fiber , vitamins , minerals and other health-protecting substances . But even some of the most healthful smoothie ingredients can add up to a lot of calories and therefore , interfere with your weight loss goals — or worse , lead to unintentional weight gain . Read on to find out if you 're making some common smoothie mistakes , discover how to build the best smoothie and find nutritionist-approved recipes to get your smoothie-making up to speed .
SMOOTHIE MISTAKES TO AVOID
Whether blending a smoothie or smoothie bowl , here are some common traps you 'll want to avoid .
You sip your smoothie with breakfast . If your smoothie contains protein powder , Greek yogurt , nut butters , and the like , there 's a good chance it contains enough calories to replace your meal rather than accompany it . If you enjoy a smoothie alongside your morning eats , you may want to reconsider your smoothie recipe to lighten your breakfast calorie load .
If your smoothie contains protein powder , Greek yogurt , nut butters , and the like , there 's a good chance it contains enough calories to replace your meal rather than accompany it . If you enjoy a smoothie alongside your morning eats , you may want to reconsider your smoothie recipe to lighten your breakfast calorie load . You add too much fruit . Though fruit is a healthy smoothie ingredient , you can get too much of a good thing —i n the form of calories and carbs . A general rule of thumb is to stick to around 1 cup of fruit per smoothie . That 's about a serving . Putting a few different fruits in your blender can easily add up to much more so if you 're mixing fruits , keep an eye on the total amount .
Though fruit is a healthy smoothie ingredient , you can get too much of a good thing —i n the form of calories and carbs . A general rule of thumb is to stick to around 1 cup of fruit per smoothie . That 's about a serving . Putting a few different fruits in your blender can easily add up to much more so if you 're mixing fruits , keep an eye on the total amount . You 're not keeping tabs on added sweeteners . Be it maple syrup , honey , agave , coconut sugar , or any other form of added sugar , too much sweetener is where many smoothies go astray . Other added sugars may come in the form of plant-based milks ( sometimes even in original varieties ) and flavored yogurts . Since fruit is naturally sweet , see if you can get by with just a hint of added sugar , if any .
Be it maple syrup , honey , agave , coconut sugar , or any other form of added sugar , too much sweetener is where many smoothies go astray . Other added sugars may come in the form of plant-based milks ( sometimes even in original varieties ) and flavored yogurts . Since fruit is naturally sweet , see if you can get by with just a hint of added sugar , if any . You 're adding too many “ boosters. ” Nut butters , chia seeds , and protein powders can all be great smoothie additions , but like other smoothie ingredients , it 's possible to go overboard . A tablespoon of either peanut or almond butter has about 100 calories ; protein powders often start in the 100-calorie range ; and chia , flax , or hemp seeds get you to the 100-calorie mark in two or three tablespoons . If you are n't careful with your add-ins , the calories can add up quickly .
How to blend the best smoothie
Though calorie needs vary depending on age , weight , hormones , activity levels , and more , as a rule of thumb , most of us do well with snacks that contain fewer than 200 calories ; a 300- to 450-calorie breakfast would cover most adults ' needs . Here 's how to get the most nutrition without driving the calories sky high .
Fruit . Start with 1 cup fresh or frozen fruit . Some great fruit bases include strawberries , blueberries , mangoes , bananas , pineapple , cherries and peaches .
Start with 1 cup fresh or frozen fruit . Some great fruit bases include strawberries , blueberries , mangoes , bananas , pineapple , cherries and peaches . Veggie . If you do n't mind the green color , adding a handful of spinach or kale is a good way to bring more antioxidants to your drink . These greens also give your smoothie more body , but the flavor from the small serving is virtually undetectable when paired with fruit .
If you do n't mind the green color , adding a handful of spinach or kale is a good way to bring more antioxidants to your drink . These greens also give your smoothie more body , but the flavor from the small serving is virtually undetectable when paired with fruit . Protein . I usually go for about ½ to 1 cup plain , Greek yogurt , which has up to 24 g of this hunger-busting nutrient . You could also use cottage cheese , silken tofu , or legumes , like chickpeas . Another way to go is to use protein powder . If you 're going this route , keep an eye on the labels and watch out for added or artificial sweeteners . You 'll also want to take note of the protein source , especially if you 're following certain dietary restrictions ( like avoiding dairy or soy ) . Popular options include whey protein and pea protein , but you can also find almond protein , peanut protein , hemp protein , egg white protein , soy protein , brown rice protein , and others . When it comes to powders , simple ingredient lists are best . For example , Naked Nutrition 's Naked Whey lists just one ingredient : Whey Protein Concentrate .
I usually go for about ½ to 1 cup plain , Greek yogurt , which has up to 24 g of this hunger-busting nutrient . You could also use cottage cheese , silken tofu , or legumes , like chickpeas . Another way to go is to use protein powder . If you 're going this route , keep an eye on the labels and watch out for added or artificial sweeteners . You 'll also want to take note of the protein source , especially if you 're following certain dietary restrictions ( like avoiding dairy or soy ) . Popular options include whey protein and pea protein , but you can also find almond protein , peanut protein , hemp protein , egg white protein , soy protein , brown rice protein , and others . When it comes to powders , simple ingredient lists are best . For example , Naked Nutrition 's Naked Whey lists just one ingredient : Whey Protein Concentrate . Plant-based fat . Nut butters , seeds ( like chia , hemp or ground flax seeds ) , and avocados can make your smoothie extra filling , and depending on which one you choose , may bring heart-protecting omega-3 fatty acids or monounsaturated fats . But these additions also drive the calories up . Stick to about a tablespoon of seeds or nut butters or about a quarter of an avocado to avoid this issue .
Nut butters , seeds ( like chia , hemp or ground flax seeds ) , and avocados can make your smoothie extra filling , and depending on which one you choose , may bring heart-protecting omega-3 fatty acids or monounsaturated fats . But these additions also drive the calories up . Stick to about a tablespoon of seeds or nut butters or about a quarter of an avocado to avoid this issue . Liquid : Your choices include milk , non-dairy milk , coconut water , iced coffee or tea , and juice . If you want to punch up the protein , go for milk or pea protein milk , which contain 8 to 10 grams per cup . If you 're getting ample protein from another source , coconut water or almond milk are lighter ways to go . A splash of juice is a great way to add sweetness to your smoothie , but if you 're going this route , be mindful of other sweeteners .
Your choices include milk , non-dairy milk , coconut water , iced coffee or tea , and juice . If you want to punch up the protein , go for milk or pea protein milk , which contain 8 to 10 grams per cup . If you 're getting ample protein from another source , coconut water or almond milk are lighter ways to go . A splash of juice is a great way to add sweetness to your smoothie , but if you 're going this route , be mindful of other sweeteners . Flavor boosters : Flavorful sprinkles include cocoa powder , cinnamon , turmeric , ginger , and unsweetened matcha powder . These bring more complexity to your smoothie and can also bring other health benefits .
Flavorful sprinkles include cocoa powder , cinnamon , turmeric , ginger , and unsweetened matcha powder . These bring more complexity to your smoothie and can also bring other health benefits . Grains . Some people like the addition of oats or other fiber-rich grains in their smoothies . In addition to providing more body , you 'll get all the benefits of whole grains when you add them to your smoothie mixture or bowl .
Some people like the addition of oats or other fiber-rich grains in their smoothies . In addition to providing more body , you 'll get all the benefits of whole grains when you add them to your smoothie mixture or bowl . Ice . I like to toss a handful of ice cubes in the blender because ice adds more volume ( read : bigger smoothie ) , which makes my sips last longer . The cold sips also take more time to drink . The more you linger over your smoothie ( or any other meal or snack ) , the more memorable , satisfying , and enjoyable it will be .
Healthy Smoothie Recipes
If you do n't want to use the above formula to guide your smoothie-making , try some of these recipes . Note that the serving sizes vary so you 'll want to keep an eye on that and adjust accordingly , depending on whether your smoothie is a snack , a meal or a side sip .
Blackberry Banana Lime Smoothie Danae Halliday , reciperunner.com
Blackberry and lime make a refreshing and antioxidant-rich combo , while banana ( a smoothie staple ) keeps it full-bodied . The mixture of protein and milk bring a satisfying dose of protein to this AM meal .
Peach Protein Smoothie Bowl Kathryn Rudy , Foodiegirlchicago.com
Sometimes it 's satisfying to eat with a spoon , which is where smoothie bowls come into play . Plus , crunchy toppings bring another appetizing dimension .
Green Avocado Peach Smoothie Amber Ketchum , MS , RD , Homemadenutrition.com
You can use fresh or frozen peaches in this delectable smoothie , which gets its creaminess from the avocado . This treat would be a great between-meal tide-me-over that 's rich in fruits and veggies to help you meet your daily needs .
Orange Mango Ginger Smoothie Jenna Braddock , RDN at makehealthyeasy.com
This smoothie recipe has loads of flavor from fresh ginger and ground turmeric , along with the mango , orange , cucumber , and celery . Since it 's light on protein , you may want to consider this a snack or experiment with your protein of choice .
Strawberry Cheesecake Smoothie Kaleigh McMordie , MCN , RDN , author of livelytable.com
Strawberry cheesecake ? Yes , please ! This decadent smoothie has just 5 good-for-you ingredients to get your day off to a great start .
Orange Strawberry Squash Smoothie Lindsey Janeiro , RDN , CLT , nutritiontofit.com
This two-serving sipper is a delicious way to help you reach your daily fruit and veggie requirements . Like many smoothies , you could blend it into a drink or a smoothie bowl . If you want to make more of a meal out of it , add protein-rich enhancers , like protein powder or Greek yogurt .
Toasted Coconut Wild Blueberry Smoothie Bowl Lauren PIncus , MS , RD , Nutritionstarringyou.com
This smoothie bowl packs 27 g of protein to power you through a long morning . Plus , wild blueberries are packed with antioxidants and fiber .
Gut Healthy Berry Smoothie Angie Asche MS , RD of Eleat Sports Nutrition
If a non-dairy smoothie is more your style , this one , with plant-based protein powder , makes a delicious and filling meal .
Stacked Blueberry Smoothie Stacked Blueberry Smoothie / Jodi Danen , RDN Family Nutrition Expert Create Kids Club
Cottage cheese provides the protein in this layered drink . It 's made parfait-style so the smoothie and cottage cheese are kept separate—perfect for days when you want to dig in with a spoon .
Creamy Strawberry Milk Katie Sullivan Morford , MS , RD Mom 's Kitchen Handbook
For the kids , or the kid in you , why not whirl up a little strawberry milk ? Unlike the one you may have grown up on , this snack gets its pink color and juicy flavors from actual strawberries .
WHAT A NUTRITIONIST WANTS YOU TO KNOW
Want more tips like these ? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier , healthier and smarter ways to live . Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
Color and magic of Shawi women on display at Lima photo exposition
Lima , May 30 ( EFE ) .- The color and magic of the women of the Shawi tribe , a little-known indigenous people in the Peruvian Amazon , are on display in Lima in a photo exposition .
The “ Shawi Sanapi ” ( Shawi woman , in their language ) exhibit includes portraits of the indigenous women of the village of Balsapuerto taken by Finnish photographer Meeri Koutaniemi in 2016 .
The exposition , which can be viewed until July 15 at the Culture Ministry in the capital , focuses on the daily life of the Shawi , showing their beauty , strength and pride in the symbolic wealth of their people , as demonstrated in the body painting that can be seen in each of the portraits .
Although , as Koutaniemi said in an interview with Efe , “ it 's not an anthropological work , ” the exhibition is “ an approximation of the daily life of the Shawi women , their role in their community and their role in preserving their traditions . ”
Devoted to the task of raising their children , as well as making pottery and textiles , the Shawi women are also growers of cassava and tasked with transforming it into “ masato , ” a traditional beverage , which is made by combining various ingredients and letting the mixture ferment for more than a week .
With the images of their sisters , mothers and daughters on display in the exposition , Shawi women have been bringing something of their daily lives to Lima as well as taking advantage of the situation to obtain more attention for some of their long-delayed demands .
“ Often in my community , we work as artisans … but there 's nowhere to sell ( our products ) , ” said Sonia Paquita Yumi , who asked for “ more help ” from the state for Balsapuerto .
In addition to economic problems , the Shawi have other concerns , including the fact that 90 percent of them have no potable water source or sewer drainage and that there are only 14 high schools to serve a population of about 20,000 .
On Feb. 2 , 2017 , an anxious and excited Timothy Piazza attended a Beta Theta Pi pledge party after accepting the fraternity 's bid . But the Penn State sophomore died two days later , succumbing to injuries allegedly sustained at the party following an alcohol-fueled hazing ritual .
Nearing the first anniversary of their death , Timothy 's parents , Evelyn and James Piazza , continue to speak about the dangers of hazing , penning an open letter to parents and appearing on NBC 's Megyn Kelly TODAY .
`` The nation , and much of the world , one year later knows that Timothy J. Piazza , our amazing , caring , goodhearted 19-year-old son -- the strapping redhead from western New Jersey known for their love of life and desire to help those in need -- was the victim of violent , organized fraternity hazing and brutal neglect , '' the Piazzas wrote . `` That 's not on their death certificate , but that 's what we get to live with every day . ''
At the party , Timothy Piazza reportedly ran `` the gauntlet '' - a hazing ritual in which they consumed 18 drinks in 82 minutes - before falling head-first down the basement stairs .
It apparently took fraternity members 12 hours to call 9-1-1 . By the time Piazza arrived at Hershey Medical Center later that day , it was estimated 80 percent of their body 's blood supply was in their abdomen . They were taken off life support on Feb. 4 , 2017 .
`` The cause of death was multiple traumatic injuries , including a fractured skull , lacerated spleen and a severe brain bleed , '' the letter reads . `` He just wanted to join an organization . How could this happen ? ''
In the year since , the Piazzas advocated for stricter hazing penalties , Beta Theta Pi was banned from campus , fraternity members were criminally charged and three other pledges around the country died from hazing .
`` Tim 's death was the first hazing fatality in 2017 , but by no means was it the last . We now belong to a national club no parent should ever aspire to join , '' the Piazzas wrote .
On Feb. 23 and 24 , the Lebanon couple will join other parents who lost children due to hazing at a conference in South Carolina .
Their lives have stood still since Timothy 's death , Evelyn Piazza said Friday morning on TODAY , where the discussion focused mostly on Penn State 's actions .
`` I think they have tried to put some policies in place but they have a lot more to do , '' they said . `` We do n't know that they have followed through with everything they said they wanted to do . So , we have asked for it but we have n't gotten actual confirmation ... they say they are trying but I do n't know that they are accomplishing a lot . ''
Penn State University President Eric Bannon also released a letter Thursday touting changes made to Greek life in 2017 .
Changes include deferred recruitment policy , authorities reducing crowd sizes at fraternity gatherings , required risk-management programs and implementing new safety programs . Along with Beta Theta Pi 's ban , 13 other Greek organizations have been suspended for safety violations , the letter states .
`` This is important progress , '' Barron wrote . `` While these consequences demonstrate that we mean business , the large number of suspended chapters also shows that many students have ignored the call for behavior change and fallen short of our values and expectations . ''
Jim Piazza told Kelly the university has n't enforced many requested changes , including third-party bouncers and bartenders at parties , and surprise checks to chapter houses .
In the letter , the Piazzas urge parents to have conversations with their children debating of rushing a fraternity or sorority .
`` It is important to talk openly about what has transpired this past year , and over many years , and to remind your children that they are important to you . Tell them to take nothing at face value , be cautious , guard against peer pressure , '' they said .
The Piazzas encourage students to pledge as a group , follow their instincts and call for help if something does n't feel right .
`` It is too late for Tim , but it is not too late for your son or daughter . ''
Sophie Nieto-Munoz may be reached at snietomunoz @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them at @ snietomunoz . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
Have a tip ? Tell us . nj.com/tips
Follow @ insidefutbol
Liverpool legend John Aldridge has admitted that if they could take any Premier League player to Anfield to turn out for the Reds it would be Tottenham Hotspur 's Harry Kane .
Aldridge , who knows all about prolific goalscoring having once scored in ten consecutive games for Liverpool , is a big admirer of Kane 's exploits in north London .
Liverpool will be looking to stop Kane at Anfield on Sunday , when the striker is expected to pose a big threat to Jurgen Klopp 's side .
And Aldridge is lost for words when it comes to assessing Kane , simply revealing they would love the striker to be a Liverpool player .
`` What can you say about Harry Kane which has not been said ? '' Aldridge said on LFC TV .
`` If a genie was to appear now and say 'John , you can have any player to come and play for Liverpool in the Premier League ' , they would be the man '' , they added .
Tottenham crushed Liverpool 4-1 at Wembley in the earlier Premier League fixture between the two clubs this season , with Kane striking twice .
Spurs however have not won at Anfield since 2011 , a measure of the task they face on Sunday .
Two men are in critical condition after slamming their car into a tractor-trailer near Kennedy airport on Monday night .
The pair was driving a Dodge Charger westbound on Rockaway Boulevard near JFK 's Logistics Center at 6:21 p.m. when they smashed into a semi truck so hard their car became lodged under the big rig , police and witnesses said .
Emergency responders had to rip apart the mangled car to rescue the bloodied passengers , according to witnesses .
“ They were cutting the car with hacksaws trying to get the people out of their car , ” said Michael Bogdan , 49 . “ When they pulled them out they were not moving . They were bloody . ”
The truck was making a left into the shipping center when the Charger slammed into it , according to Bogdan .
Paramedics took both victims to Jamaica Hospital , cops said .
Police do not suspect any criminality but are continuing to investigate , a department spokesperson said .
Blackshades malware hacker gets 5 years in prison The mastermind behind the malicious software “ Blackshades ” that infected a half-million computers worldwide was sentenced to almost 5 years in prison Tuesday as the federal judge bashed them for “ spreading ...
Hacker 'mastermind ' faces 7 years behind bars The accused mastermind behind the distribution of malicious software that infected a half-million computer worldwide — including one belonging to former Miss Teen USA Cassidy Wolf — faces up to seven years ...
HOUSTON - A photo on a bookshelf documents the day President George H.W . Bush gave someone the shirt off of their back . It was taken some time after Bush left the White House in 1993 .
Officer Ray Hunt was working an extra job at a fundraiser as people paid for photos with the former president .
“ He goes , 'Officer , would you like a photo too ? ' And I said , 'It was $ 100 . I do n't have $ 100 . ' And they said , 'No , come take it , ' '' Hunt said .
President Bush took a photo with Hunt .
Hunt is now the past president of the Houston Police Officer 's Union . President Bush offered Hunt a maroon shirt , just like they were wearing , but they ran out .
`` He left . They came back with a different shirt on and they handed me that shirt that they were wearing . The president literally gave me the shirt off of their back , '' Hunt said .
In the years that have followed , Former President George H.W . Bush and former first lady Barbara Bush have supported the Houston police . They even wore the blue “ pray for police ” bracelets .
Hunt said the couple used the photo of them wearing the bracelets as their Christmas photo . As we again pray for the former president , we are reminded of the day they gave Hunt the shirt off of theirs back .
“ I think it 's what everybody has been saying about them and their wife these last few weeks . He 's just an incredible person and it 's an incredible family . I know people talk about the Kennedys being a dynasty , but I clearly believe that the Bush family is a dynasty . They 're just a class act , '' Hunt added .
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Former Leeds United star Andy Ritchie says they would not even discuss Pontus Jansson 's yellow card situation with the player concerned .
Jansson is currently on 14 yellow cards for the season and if they pick up another it will trigger an automatic three-match ban . With the centre-back having been a key man for Leeds this term , the Whites are desperate not to lose him , especially for the Championship playoffs .
There have been suggestions Jansson should pick up a tactical booking against Wolves at Elland Road today , bringing the ban forward and meaning they will be available for the playoffs .
But Ritchie feels that might be dangerous as Leeds could need them to help cement a playoff spot in their final few games .
And the former Leeds man says they would not even discuss the situation with Jansson as the defender needs to play their natural game and should not have the baggage of worrying about a ban in their head .
`` Pontus Jansson obviously got booked again against Newcastle and one more yellow card would mean a three-game ban '' , they wrote in their Yorkshire Evening Post column .
`` But I do n't think you can tell them to do anything in terms of avoiding a yellow card or getting one .
`` I would n't even talk to them about it because he 's got to be himself , it 's got to be from themselves and if somebody is going through and they are going to score then you have to do what you have got to do .
`` It 's not something that you should have in your head that you ca n't tackle , because , as a defender , you know that you are going to have to do that .
`` It 's a bit of a sticky situation but it would be a big blow . And it might even be better if they got their 15th booking against Wolves and they missed the last three games because then they would be okay for the play-offs '' , Ritchie explained .
`` It would be better if they did n't get booked at all , but in an ideal world they would get booked on Monday and then miss the last three games .
`` But you might say , with the scenario as it is , that you will need them for those last three games . ''
Jansson has formed a superb central defensive partnership with Kyle Bartley this term , with Liam Cooper , who is now serving a suspension of their own , having to make do with warming the bench for the majority of the campaign .
ROME — Italy seized a Spanish aid ship that had refused to turn over rescued migrants to a Libyan coast guard vessel , an incident that reflects growing tensions over an agreement Italy struck with Libya last year to stem the flow of refugees .
Officials on Monday seized the boat , operated by Proactiva Open Arms , a Spanish nongovernmental organization dedicated to rescuing migrants fleeing Libya to Italy , after the crew refused to hand over more than 200 migrants to Libyan authorities.The NGO said it declined the order because of its concerns about the conditions in which returned migrants are being held in Libya .
The boat , the Open Arms , had rescued the migrants from a small vessel that was foundering in international waters in an area of the Mediterranean Sea where patrols are Libya 's responsibility , according to the Italian Coast Guard . Proactiva said in a Facebook post that a Libyan coast guard ship approached its vessel and demanded that the group turn over the migrants , who included women and children . When the group refused , the Libyan crew threatened to fire on the ship , the NGO said . The NGO rescue boat left the scene , apparently without further incident .
Once close to Italy 's territorial waters , the rescue vessel was granted permission to dock in Sicily because of the fragile health of the migrants and worsening weather , according to the Italian Coast Guard . On Monday , Sicilian prosecutors seized the boat and placed under investigation three members of the organization , according to Rosa Lo Faro , the lawyer for the boat 's captain .
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com .
Also popular on WSJ.com :
The next housing crisis : A historic shortage of new homes .
Uber suspends driverless-car program after pedestrian is killed .
NEW YORK : The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm , the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein , shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries.The company also announced that it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein 's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out . That step had long been sought by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman , who filed lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees. “ Since October , it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence their accusers . Effective immediately , those ‘ agreements ' end , ” the company said in a statement . “ No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet. ” In a statement , Schneiderman praised the decision as “ a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace. ” The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct . Dozens of prominent men in entertainment , media , finance , politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed , but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.Some 80 women , including prominent actores , have accused Harvey Weinstein of misconduct ranging from rape to harassment . Weinstein , who was fired as their company 's CEO in October , has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a “ stalking horse ” agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners , meaning the equity firm has agreed to buy the company , subject to approval by the US Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.Lantern had been among a group of investors that had been in talks for months to buy the company outside of bankruptcy . That deal was complicated when Schneiderman filed their lawsuit , citing concerns that the sale would benefit executives accused of enabling Weinstein 's alleged misconduct and provide insufficient guarantees of compensation for their accusers . Talks to revive the sale finally fell apart two weeks ago when the group of buyers said they had discovered undisclosed liabilities.The Weinstein Co. said it chose Lantern as a potential buyer because the firm was committed to keeping on the studio 's employees as a going concern. “ While we had hoped to reach a sale out of court , the Board is pleased to have a plan for maximizing the value of its assets , preserving as many jobs as possible and pursuing justice for any victims , ” said Bob Weinstein , who co-founded the company with their brother Harvey in 2005 and remains chairperson of the board of directors.Lantern co-founders Andy Mitchell and Milos Brajovic said they were committed to “ following through on our promise to reposition the business as a pre-eminent content provider , while cultivating a positive presence in the industry. ” Under bankruptcy protection , civil lawsuits filed by Weinstein 's accusers will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company . Secured creditors would get priority for payment over the women suing the company.Schneiderman 's lawsuit will not be halted by the bankruptcy filing because it was filed by a law enforcement agency . Schneiderman said their investigation would continue and that their office would engage with the Weinstein Co. and Lantern to ensure “ that victims are compensated , employees are protected moving forward , and perpetrators and enablers of abuse are not unjustly enriched. ” Other bidders also could emerge during the bankruptcy process , particularly those interested in the company 's lucrative 277-film library , which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label . Free of liabilities , the company 's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy.In more fallout over the scandal , New York 's governor directed the state attorney general to review a decision by the Manhattan district attorney 's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped her.The bankruptcy process will bring the company 's finances into public view , including the extent of its debt . The buyers who pulled out of the sale earlier this month said they discovered up to $ 64 million in undisclosed liabilities , including $ 27 million in residuals and profit participation . Those liabilities came on top of $ 225 million in debt , which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $ 500 million acquisition deal.The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker . Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company after leaving Miramax , the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in ‘ 90s indie film with hits like “ Pulp Fiction. ” After finding success with Oscar winners “ The Artist ” and “ The King 's Speech , ” the Weinstein Co. 's output and relevance diminished in recent years . The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash.Last year , the studio sold distribution rights for the movie “ Paddington 2 ” to Warner Bros. for more than $ 30 million .
NEW LEBANON , Ohio ( WDTN ) – The Greyhounds had an early lead with the first touchdown of the game .
The Arrows answered back with a touchdown and kept lighting up the scoreboard after the second quarter .
Preble Shawnee wins the game 20 to 7
BOSTON — The Latest on a Massachusetts man accused of conducting a cyberstalking campaign against their former roommate ( all times local ) :
2:55 p.m .
A Massachusetts man arrested on federal charges of conducting a cyberstalking campaign against their former roommate has made their first court appearance .
Ryan Lin made their initial appearance in Boston 's federal court on Friday afternoon . Their attorney declined to comment after the hearing . The judge set a detention hearing for next week .
Prosecutors say Lin began stalking the woman in April 2016 , when they both lived in an apartment in Watertown . They say Lin hacked , stole and posted information from their online accounts , private photographs and diary entries .
He 's also accused of creating fake online accounts in their name and sending disturbing messages to people close to them
——
10 a.m .
A Massachusetts man has been arrested on federal charges of conducting a cyberstalking campaign for more than a year against their ex-roommate and people who know them
The U.S. attorney 's office in Boston says 24-year-old Ryan Lin of Newton was arrested Thursday on one count of cyberstalking . Lin was in custody Friday , and it was not immediately known if they had a lawyer . They are scheduled to be arraigned later Friday .
Prosecutors say Lin began stalking the woman in April 2016 , when they both lived in an apartment in Watertown . They say Lin hacked , stole and posted information from their online accounts , private photographs and diary entries .
They allegedly posted fake online profiles in their name , and repeatedly made threats to their home in Waltham and schools in the area .
The memoir by glam-rock weirdo Adam Bomb claims that in the '80s the “ White Wedding ” singer flew into a fit of rage and hurled their girlfriend 's kitten against a wall .
The Victory Institute 's International LGBTQ Leaders Conference drew some big names to its stage in D.C. last week . But the person at the center of much of its agenda was absent : President Donald Trump .
“ He can not be trusted , ” Rep. Maxine Waters , who served as the keynote speaker at the conference 's opening reception , told NBC News shortly after their speech . “ He must be impeached . ”
The California Democrat and long-time LGBTQ ally took aim at Trump while speaking before a room of lawmakers and advocates . “ Under this president , we 're all at risk and under assault , ” they said .
Trump 's failed ban on transgender people in the military and their recent support of U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore , an Alabama Republican who has been accused of sexual misconduct by several women and has frequently spoken out against LGBTQ people , provided plenty of ammo for pro-LGBTQ politicians and public figures at the conference .
Sen. Cory Booker , Democrat of New Jersey , was one of them . In a fiery speech addressed to attendees on Thursday , Booker said trans people serving in the armed forces “ display more courage ” than Trump .
Sen. Cory Booker @ CoryBooker takes the stage at the Victory Institute 's International LGBTQ Leaders Conference pic.twitter.com/1JMJB28sMf — NBC Out ( @ NBCOUT ) December 7 , 2017
Rep. Mark Takano , an openly gay California Democrat , also called out Trump 's agenda .
“ His White House and their administration 's policies have been very disrespectful , insulting , and no doubt he 's been looking to roll back the progress we 've made , ” Takano told NBC News after delivering their speech .
Sen. Tammy Baldwin , Democrat of Wisconsin and the only openly LGBTQ person in the U.S. Senate , said `` hatred and bigotry '' fueled Trump 's rise and the LGBTQ community is at risk of losing their hard-won advancements toward equality .
`` With President Trump in the White House , the progress we 've made over the course of a generation is going to remain under attack , '' Baldwin said .
. @ SenatorBaldwin speaks on the LGBTQ community in the time of Trump . pic.twitter.com/Nq4NsAauRq — NBC Out ( @ NBCOUT ) December 7 , 2017
Former Houston Mayor Annise Parker , one of the first openly gay mayors of a major U.S. city and the newly appointed leader of the Victory Institute and Victory Fund , echoed Baldwin , saying Trump has `` caused a lot of people to fear the gains we 've made over the last decades could be unwound . ''
The LGBTQ conference 's focus on Trump is contemporaneous with other marginalized groups , such as immigrants and Muslims , who are dealing with an ongoing barrage of incendiary rhetoric and surprise policy changes from the president .
However , amid the fear of LGBTQ rights being rolled back , Parker said they do see a silver lining : More LGBTQ people have been motivated to get involved with politics .
`` There are a lot of folks across the country who are disturbed at some of the directions the United States has taken , '' they said . `` LGBTQ candidates , women candidates , candidates of color are stepping up in unprecedented numbers , and we hope to take advantage of that passionate energy and help channel that into winning races . ''
Some LGBTQ people have done just that . While many at the conference had a lot to say about Trump , attendees also celebrated the community 's historic wins .
Virginia Delegate-elect Danica Roem , who also spoke at the conference , is set to become the first openly transgender state legislator elected and seated in the U.S. Andrea Jenkins , also in attendance , became the first openly transgender black woman to be elected to public office when they won a seat on the Minneapolis City Council .
“ Representation matters , ” Jenkins told NBC News . “ I can very honestly say that while I 'm on the Minneapolis City Council there will never be any legislation that dictates when and where transgender people can use the bathroom . ”
Minneapolis Councilwoman-elect Andrea Jenkins , the first black trans woman elected to office in the U.S. , talks to NBC Out reporter John Paul Brammer about why representation is power # LGBTQLeaders2017 pic.twitter.com/cMrsjiYuPS — NBC Out ( @ NBCOUT ) December 8 , 2017
Roem also spoke about the importance of LGBTQ representation in government . They mentioned a young transgender girl who got involved with their campaign in Virginia and who was with Roem the night they won their election .
“ I 've got a little girl who believes that they can be whoever they want to be when they doubted that last year , ” Roem said . “ She does n't have that doubt now . ”
Roem , like most of the other speakers , took the opportunity to take a shot at President Trump in their speech .
`` I won because I had a vision , '' Roem said . “ Unless you 're in the White House , you do n't shout your way to office . ''
The White House did not respond to NBC News ' request for comment .
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
ALLENTOWN , Pa. — A contractor became trapped underneath a piece of machinery that was being removed from the pressroom of a Pennsylvania newspaper , suffering fatal injuries .
The Lehigh County coroner says the man became trapped at The Morning Call in Allentown on Tuesday afternoon . Crews have been dismantling the printing press after the paper 's printing operations moved to Jersey City , New Jersey .
The coroner says the victim is a 32-year-old man from Cape Coral , Florida . Their name was n't immediately released .
The Morning Call reports that newsroom workers heard a loud boom shortly after 5 p.m . The cause of the accident is under investigation .
Publisher and editor Robert York expressed “ heartfelt sympathy ” to the man 's family and says the company is co-operating with authorities . The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration has been notified of the contractor 's death .
Theranos Inc. pledged to stay out of the blood-testing business for at least two years in exchange for reduced penalties from federal health authorities , the company said , in an agreement that resolves a year-long regulatory impasse .
The main lab regulator first had proposed barring Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes from the medical lab business for two years in March 2016 after the company failed to correct testing problems at its main lab in Newark , Calif. , ones inspectors earlier had said put patients in “ immediate jeopardy . ”
The development removes a major overhang for the troubled Silicon Valley startup . But Theranos continues to face other challenges , including criminal and civil investigations examining whether it has misled investors , lawsuits by from several investors saying they were duped , and claims from patients saying they received inaccurate test results . Theranos is fighting the suits and cooperating with the probes .
Theranos already had made major changes in the face of regulators scrutiny . After CMS completed its proposed sanctions in July , the company began to shift its focus to a business strategy that involves developing laboratory devices to sell to third parties , rather than doing tests itself .
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com .
Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana ( 2:50 ) Recreational cannabis is a $ 6 billion industry that is projected to reach $ 50 billion in legal annual sales by 2026 . Here 's what you need to know if you 're thinking of investing in marijuana .
Also popular on WSJ.com :
Fired KPMG audit head : How did Scott Marcello fall from grace ?
Behind United Airlines ' fateful decision to call police .
In this April 6 , 2017 , file photo , former United States Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton speaks during the Eighth Annual Women In The World Summit at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in New York City .
For over 600 days , Hillary Clinton 's pastor wrote daily inspirational letters drawn from Biblical scripture during the presidential campaign .
Hundreds of those letters have now been compiled in a book , `` Strong For a Moment Like This . '' The collection features a letter sent in the aftermath of their election loss .
Rev . Dr. Bill Shillady , the New York-based executive director of the United Methodist City Society , has been a longtime friend and pastor to the former U.S. secretary of state , senator and first lady .
“ I wrote to them on a daily basis . If I was not writing then there was team of writers , ” Shillady said during a phone interview with NBC .
The collection , published by Abingdon Press , includes 365 of the more than 600 devotions written for Clinton , along with personal notes , portions of their speeches , and headlines that provide context for that day 's devotion .
“ On the difficult days , like the terrorist incidents , we dug deep and found gratitude for life , ” they said .
The day after the 2016 election , Shillady sent a letter beginning with the title `` Sunday Is Coming '' and ending with one of their cherished phrases .
`` You know one of my favorite sayings is 'God does n't close one door without opening another , but it can be hell in the hallway , ' '' they wrote in the last paragraph . `` My sister Hillary . You , our nation , our world is experiencing a black Friday . Our hope is that Sunday is coming . But it might well be hell for a while . ''
Here is the letter `` Sunday Is Coming '' :
According to Shillady , the post-election letter has been shared over 40,000 times on social media . The letter shares the struggle of disciples after the loss of Jesus Christ and the reminder that for Clinton there was more to be grateful for in life .
“ Most of the response has been positive and some thought I was comparing them to Christ — that is simply not true , ” they said . “ If you really read it then you will understand. “
The book , `` Strong For a Moment Like This , '' is due for sale in stores and online on Aug. 15 .
Shillady and their team of writers came from different backgrounds , including Presbyterian , Baptist and a clergy of women . All the clergy writers , hopeful about the outcome of the election , used daily news headlines as a source of inspiration for the devotions .
“ A German theologian Karl Barth said something like ' a pastor is not worth their weight if they do n't have a newspaper in one hand and a Bible in the other , ' ” they said . “ [ The devotions ] reminded them that they were child of God and of their strength , qualities this campaign demanded from her . ”
NBC contacted the Clinton Foundation for a comment about the book and have not yet received a response .
Shillady said each chapter in the book is organized into 12 themes , such as forgiveness , doing good , courage , and women .
The world 's most venomous spider has been spotted in a house in the Blue Mountains near Sydney , Australia — and it could be in yours , too .
Bec Sheedy was at home when their mom spotted a black creature with fangs on a wall towards the back of their house and quickly recognized it to be the world 's most venomous spider — a funnel-web .
Funnel-webs are notorious for their venom — reports indicate death in humans have occurred after just 15 minutes due to the shutting down of the nervous system .
“ It was probably about 2 inches in diameter , so smaller than an open palm , ” Sheedy told News.com.au . “ We 've seen more redbacks this year than in the past but I have n't seen a funnel-web since I was a kid . ”
Funnel-web spiders are extremely common around households on Australia 's east coast but are rarely seen . They can be found from Queensland to New South Wales , but earlier this year a new species was discovered as far south as northern Tasmania . There were previously 35 known species of the spider .
They are known to be relatively large spiders in comparison to their arachnid cousins and have large fangs capable of piercing through a fingernail .
“ If you do get bitten you will feel the effects very quickly , it can make you very , very sick , ” Paul Hare , Invertebrate Keeper at Taronga Zoo , told News.com.au
“ Chances are you 'll know you 've been bitten , they 've got big fangs and you 'll feel the bite . ”
Hare said a human would “ know pretty quickly ” if they were bitten by a funnel-web spider and urged those to “ go to the hospital immediately . ”
The result of a bite can lead to nausea , muscle cramps , profuse sweating and numbness around the mouth .
The most dangerous place to be bitten is said to be the torso .
Despite being primitive creatures they are attracted to cool , damp environments and they are often found in pools , bathrooms or the household laundry . They can survive submerged underwater for a couple of days .
“ It 's alive until it 's proven otherwise , ” said Hare .
They are named after the characteristic “ funnel ” they create through their webs that surround the entrances to their burrows .
Hare told News.com.au it was n't a surprise that the spider was spotted at this time of year because it 's mating season and the male was likely on the hunt for a female .
“ This time of year we find the males in the evenings when it 's cooler , walking around looking for females , ” they said .
“ The females we tend to only come across if you 've been doing gardening or you 've had really heavy rains and they 've been flooded out of their homes . ”
“ The girls let the males come to them . ”
Hare said the funnel-web spider is often misrepresented and that despite being the world 's most venomous spider they tend to be “ defensive ” rather than aggressive .
The venom affects only three species in a lethal manner ; insects , other spiders and primates . Birds “ would happily munch on them ” while if your pet dog or cat was to be stung it would be “ highly unlikely ” they would die .
“ At the end of the day we are too big to be a food item for them . The only reason you 're bitten is if a spider feels threatened . ”
“ Admittedly you might come across one that 's having a bad day but in my experience they 're not what they 're made out to be . ”
Yet despite the potentially deadly outcome of a funnel-web bite , Hare said it was unlikely to happen ; there has n't been a fatality since an antivenom was invented in 1981 by Dr. Struan Sutherland .
“ The reality is they 're just not as bad , ” they said . “ These days if you were to die from one , there 's something else going on . ”
But , Hare warned : “ I still would n't pick one up with your hand . ”
“ If you 're living in an area where they are known to be found , a little bit of caution goes a long way . Do n't go leaving things outside that they can crawl into , if you 're cleaning out a pool filter do n't go putting your hand in and if you 're gardening , wear gloves . ”
Advice to Australians is to “ leave them alone ” because “ they do play an important part of our eco system ” by killing cockroaches , flies and mosquitoes .
“ The chances of dying from a spider bite these days is so slim , even if you get bitten by a spider , you 're likelier to die from a car accident on the way to hospital . ”
David Kilmer a 51-year-old from Fishkill , New York , allegedly arrived to a DWI Victim Impact Panel meeting with a blood alcohol content three times over the legal limit and was arrested when they tried to drive away . Creative Commons
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina — Kyle Larson has been in Chase Elliott ‘ s shoes .
Not too long ago , the Chip Ganassi Racing driver went 98 starts in NASCAR 's premier series without a trip to victory lane .
Then came start No . 99 .
In August 2016 at Michigan International Speedway , a late restart with eight laps to go saw Larson get the jump on Elliott . Larson wound up celebrating with their steering wheel thrust out the window and Elliott was left lamenting , “ I hate to let my guys down like that . ”
It has become a common refrain from the Hendrick Motorsports driver .
More than a year later , Larson now has five Cup wins . After a crushing second-place finish to Kyle Busch last week at Dover , Elliott sits at 70 Cup starts and zero wins .
“ ( Elliott ) has probably run second as many times as I did before the first win and been close just as often as I have , maybe even in some cases more often , ” Larson said Friday at Charlotte Motor Speedway .
Larson finished second four times before their triumph . Elliott has had to settle for second five times . Two of those have been to Larson at Michigan .
“ I put myself in a lot of positions to win throughout the first two-and-a-half years of my NASCAR career and I seem to kind of choke , I guess , late in the races , ” Larson said . “ But in each of those losses I had , I learned something from each of them and I became calmer at each of them . ”
For Elliott , who is in the second round of the Cup playoffs , there 's far less , “ I hate to let my guys down like that . ”
The second-year driver is shouldering more of the responsibility .
“ I appreciate my team and their efforts today , ” Elliott said on Sunday . “ The pit stops were great and they kept us in the ballgame . I did n't . ”
Larson has noticed the change .
“ He seems extremely mature so I 'm sure he 's dealing with it fine , ” Larson said . “ So far this year , they have dealt with all the close finishes way better than they had last year . I think that is a case of them learning from each of those losses and just becoming calmer and more mature . They will win , and when they win one , they are going to win a lot , similar to kind of what I did this year . ”
But before the start of the playoffs , Elliott disagreed with the notion that their reaction to close losses has “ evolved . ”
“ The circumstances have been different , ” Elliott said the week before the playoff opener and an encumbered second-place finish . “ When a race did n't end the way that I wanted it to end because it 's something that I did , I 'm going to take a lot of blame , I 'm just going to own up to my mistakes . I 'm going to be frustrated with the fact that I know I did n't do my job correctly . When it 's out of my hands , I ca n't do anything about it , those are the days you just have to recognize I could n't do anything about it .
“ But the ones that frustrate me the most are the ones I know I could have done something different to fix it . ”
Follow @ DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
President Donald Trump on Saturday claimed complete vindication from a congressional memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance powers during the investigation into their campaign 's possible Russia ties . But the memo also includes revelations that might complicate efforts by Trump and their allies to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller 's inquiry .
The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI , when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a onetime Trump campaign associate , relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats . At the same time , the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier , and was `` triggered '' by information involving a different campaign aide .
Christopher Steele , the former spy who compiled the allegations , acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments . But they also are a `` longtime FBI source '' with a credible track record , according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairperson , Rep. Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , and their staff .
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request , but was approved by a judge on four occasions , the memo says , and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department , Rod Rosenstein , whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general .
Trump , however , tweeted from Florida , where they were spending the weekend , that the memo puts them in the clear .
`` This memo totally vindicates 'Trump ' in probe , '' they said . `` But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their ( sic ) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! ''
The underlying materials that served as the basis for the warrant application were not made public in the memo . As a result , the document only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation that Mueller later inherited . Even as Democrats described it as inaccurate , some Republicans quickly cited the memo — released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department — in their arguments that Mueller 's investigation is politically tainted .
A closer read presents a far more nuanced picture .
`` Having decided to cherry-pick , the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative , '' Matthew Waxman , a Columbia University law professor and former Bush administration official , wrote in an email .
The memo 's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors , in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page 's communications , failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI 's suspicion received funding from Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee . Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer .
Steele 's research , according to the memo , `` formed an essential part '' of the warrant application . But it 's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application , or how much has been corroborated . Steele was working for Fusion GPS , a firm initially hired by the conservative Washington Free Beacon to do opposition research on Trump . Steele did n't begin work on the project until after Democratic groups took over the funding .
Republicans say a judge should have known that `` political actors '' were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — an accusation they have consistently and strenuously denied .
The FBI this week expressed `` grave concerns '' about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete . Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work .
For one , Democrats said it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele 's research .
Beyond that , though , the memo confirms the FBI 's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016 , months before the surveillance warrant was sought , and was `` triggered '' by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos . They pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI .
The confirmation about Papadopoulos is `` the most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo , '' California Rep. Adam Schiff , the House committee 's top Democrat , said in a tweet Saturday in response to Trump 's assertion that the document vindicated him .
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page , who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump 's inner circle , had generated law enforcement scrutiny . The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI 's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence .
The memo focuses on Page , but Democrats on the House committee said `` this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with , or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier , and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture . ''
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias . The warrant requested was renewed on three additional occasions , meaning that judges approved it four times .
The memo had been classified because it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . The White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release .
That disclosure is extraordinary because it involves details about surveillance of Americans , national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified . The release is likely to further escalate the conflict between the White House and Trump 's law enforcement leaders . Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo 's disclosure , arguing it could set a dangerous precedent .
The memo 's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller 's investigation . Their probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice .
———
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller , Jill Colvin , Catherine Lucey , Matthew Daly , Desmond Butler and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report .
I Am Amazed When Women Hurriedly Say Yes To Proposals ” – Jumoke Adenowo
Excerpts from Jumoke Adenowo 's narratives on kemi Adetiba 's ‘ King Woman ' My mum was my first role model . It took me a while actually to realize they were my first mentor . They did n't tell me what a woman could do . They just did it and I saw it . I mean , they were all over . They traveled …
The post I Am Amazed When Women Hurriedly Say Yes To Proposals ” – Jumoke Adenowo appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Why does Cam Newton give away footballs after they score ? Here , they give the ball to Joseph Hunsucker , 5 , of Rock Hill , SC , as they are being held out by Matt Bowen . David T. Foster III dtfoster @ charlotteobserver.com
Image copyright Buchanan Photos
A man who was killed after the quad bike they were driving crashed on an M8 slip road near Paisley has been named .
Greig Hogg , 23 , from the Stirling area , died on Saturday afternoon after the accident at junction 29 in Renfrewshire .
Mr Hogg was pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics .
Investigations are continuing . Police Scotland had previously urged any witnesses to come forward .
OXFORD , Miss . — Kermit Davis was comfortable at Middle Tennessee , but after 16 seasons they were ready for the challenge of leading a program in the Southeastern Conference .
The 58-year-old has been given that opportunity at Mississippi , where they were introduced as coach on Monday . The introduction came less than 24 hours after Middle Tennessee fell to Louisville in the second round of the NIT .
“ It was just one of those things that I knew it was the right place for me , ” Davis said .
Davis — a Leakesville , Mississippi , native — replaces Andy Kennedy , who coached Ole Miss for 12 seasons and was the winningest coach in program history before they resigned with two weeks left in a disappointing season .
Davis will earn a base salary of $ 2.5 million annually on a four-year contract , which is the longest allowed by state law . They can earn incentives for accomplishments like boosting average attendance and conference championships .
Middle Tennessee became one of the best mid-majors in the nation under Davis ' guidance . In their 11th season , Davis led the Blue Raiders back to the NCAA Tournament after a 12-year absence . The Blue Raiders had upset wins in the NCAA Tournament in both 2016 and 2017 , beating Michigan State and Minnesota , respectively .
They are taking over a program at Ole Miss that last made the tournament in 2015 . Ole Miss is coming off a 12-20 season and finished last in the SEC with a 5-13 record .
“ We 're not going to have eight or nine years ( of rebuilding ) here , ” Davis said . “ We 've got to improve those ( returning ) guys . There 's talent in that locker room . We 've got to individually get their development to go up . ”
Maybe the most notable portion of Davis ' contract is the bump in assistant pay . The salary pool Davis will have to work with has been pushed to $ 900,000 , and two of those positions have already been filled .
Middle Tennessee assistants Win Case and Ronnie Hamilton will come with Davis to Ole Miss . Davis said the third assistant position could be filled by a current member of the Ole Miss staff or they could open up the spot for a national search .
Davis has some experience in the SEC . They were the associate head coach at LSU for five seasons under then-coach John Brady before taking the Middle Tennessee job in 2002 .
Davis ' father , Kermit Sr. , coached at Mississippi State from 1970-1977 . Davis played for the Bulldogs and served as a graduate assistant there .
“ Nobody wants to beat Mississippi State 's tail more than Kermit Davis , ” Davis said .
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org ; https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https : //www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Come pick up your piece …
The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday . The “ International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons , ” an advocacy group behind the treaty to prohibit arms , was declared the winner . The noble Stitches never was a serious contender , but the salty list of sore losers included James Dolan , Stephen Colbert , Bill O'Reilly , Roger Goodell , Lin-Manuel Miranda , Dennis Rodman , Mayor Bill de Blasio , Pacman Jones , Pharma Bro Martin Shkreli , Hillary Clinton , Anthony Scaramucci ( Stitches pick ) , Kim Jong-Un ( humanitarian work ) and Donald Trump for attempting to alleviate the Puerto Rican debt .
Making today 's pick prior to Friday night 's Game 1 . Deadlines you understand . Took the Nats Friday night , but we 're switching dugouts . Been there , done that , playoff vet Jon Lester goes for the Cubbies . If Chicago expects to survive this round , they 'll need this game . Twenty units on Chicago .
Best of times ; worst of times . Indians were down 8-3 after Corey Kluber was clubbed . Grand slam in the sixth , tying run in the eighth and the winning run five hours later in the 13th gave the Tribe an unlikely 9-8 victory . Pitching duel between Hendricks and Strasburg ended in defeat for the Nats . Cubs won 3-0 to take the opener . Down 517 colavitos , but it could have been worse .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Arrests of illegal immigrants are reportedly up by one-third in the early weeks of the Trump administration , with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) making more than 21,000 arrests .
The Washington Post reported Sunday that the total , from January 20 through mid-March , jumped 32.6 percent from the same period one year ago , when there were more than 16,000 arrests .
The report stated that most of the arrests were of convicted criminals , but noted that there were 5,441 arrests of non-criminal aliens , more than double the total from last year .
Adam Housley reported this morning that ICE detainers – requests to local authorities to hold criminal aliens – are up 75 percent , to more than 22,000 .
In an interview on NBC 's “ Meet the Press , ” DHS Secretary John Kelly said the definition of “ criminal ” has not changed , “ but where on the spectrum of criminality we operate has changed . ”
For example , they said ICE agents may move to deport an individual with multiple DUI offenses . They said in the past , those individuals would have been “ unlikely ” to be deported .
“ The law deports people . Secretary Kelly does n't . ICE does n't . It 's the United States criminal justice system that deports people , ” they said .
Watch Housley 's report above and see the interview with Gen. Kelly below .
Media Analyst Calls Out MSNBC Reporter 's ‘ Brazen ' Questions to Debra Messing
Dem State Rep to GOP Woman : ‘ I Wanted to Punch Them in the Throat '
That Time Sean Spicer ( Really ) Dressed as the White House Easter Bunny
Robinson beat Marshall 69-59 to win the Little Illini Conference regular season title . Dylan Dirks had 20 points for the Maroons in the win .
Advertisement
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
ISTANBUL ( AP ) — The waters around Istanbul have turned a striking shade of turquoise .
A natural phenomenon called a `` phytoplankton bloom '' has turned the normally dark waters of the Bosporus and Golden Horn into an opaque tone of light blue . It 's caused by microscopic organisms that have inundated the Black Sea , just north of Turkey 's largest city .
Berat Haznedaroglu , an environmental engineer , says it 's a normal annual event .
They said : `` This year we got a lot of rain events that carried nutrients from the Saharan desert to the Black Sea , which created an optimal environment for this phytoplankton to bloom . '' Haznedaroglu works at the Institute of Environmental Sciences at Istanbul 's private Bogazici University .
The Bosporus , a strait that separates Europe from Asia , also connects the Black Sea to the Sea of Marmara .
5:48 Dave Barry 's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
0:45 Watch rehabilitated eagle released back into wild by UC Davis vets
0:56 Baby needs a new home
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer 's disease ?
3:46 Climbing 270 feet up to the top of a wind turbine
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics , Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
TAMARAC , Fla. — Florida deputies say a man meant to kill themselves — and accidentally killed their roommate and their dog as well — by running their car in their garage .
Broward sheriff 's spokesperson Gina Carter told reporters that the first man was found dead with a suicide note in the garage Wednesday morning . They found the bodies of their roommate and dog inside the townhome in Tamarac , also apparently killed by carbon monoxide fumes from the car .
Carter said the deaths of the second man and the dog appeared to be an accident . The men 's names have not been released .
Firefighters evacuated the connecting townhomes , but no one else required treatment .
WASHINGTON — The Latest on the settlement between the company formerly known as Yahoo and government regulators over a huge 2014 data breach ( all times local ) :
4 p.m .
Prosecutors say two Russian intelligence agents , Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin , used information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists , U.S. and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses .
A U.S. judge in San Francisco on Tuesday , meanwhile , pushed back a sentencing hearing for a 23-year-old Canadian man , Karim Baratov , who prosecutors say was hired by Dokuchaev to breach at least 80 email accounts obtained from the massive Yahoo hack .
Judge Vince Chhabria questioned whether the sentence of seven years and 10 months that prosecutors were seeking for Baratov was longer than what other hackers had received for similar crimes .
Baratov 's attorneys have called for a sentence of three years and nine months .
——
2:15 p.m .
The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $ 35 million fine to resolve federal regulators ' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history .
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company , which is now called Altaba after its most valuable parts were sold to Verizon Communications for $ 4.48 billion last year . The Sunnyvale , California-based company neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws .
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers . The SEC alleged that , although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach , the company failed to fully investigate .
The drama focuses on the daughter of a scientist who is in a coma . The daughter ends up digging through their mother 's files and experiments , and as a result , they find themselves on another world , where a dark force threatens to consume everything . Eventually their father follows them there . HBO described the series as `` an epic and intimate sci-fi fantasy drama . ''
Abrams currently is an executive producer on the HBO sci-fi drama Westworld and will co-write and direct the final installment of the current Star Wars trilogy , Episode IX . They are currently working with Hulu on a TV adaptation of Stephen King 's stories , Castle Rock .
This combination photo shows Lin-Manuel Miranda , top row from left , Rita Moreno , Jennifer Lopez , and bottom row from left , Camilla Cabello , Marc Anthony and Luis Fonsi who are a few of the musicians who have participated in the new original song , “ Almost Like Praying ” to help raise money for Puerto Rican hurricane relief . AP
Alessandro Murgia came off the bench to snatch Supercoppa Italiana glory as Lazio secured a breathless 3-2 win over Juventus amid remarkable late drama at the Stadio Olimpico .
The hosts , playing in the showpiece by virtue of their 2-0 loss to Juve in May 's Coppa Italia final , appeared to be cruising to victory by the same margin thanks to a double from Ciro Immobile .
The one-time Juventus youngster built upon 23 Serie A goals in their maiden season at Lazio by winning and converting a first-half penalty and expertly dispatching a header nine minutes after the interval .
Juventus offered little sign of mustering a response until Paulo Dybala scored a magnificent free-kick in the 85th minute and the Argentina forward converted from 12 yards in stoppage time after Adam Marusic felled Alex Sandro .
But two other Lazio substitutes would give far more impressive accounts of themselves as Jordan Lukaku stormed down the left flank and allowed Murgia to add a final twist , condemning Juve to a third Supercoppa reverse in the past four seasons .
Juventus laid siege to the Lazio area during the early stages , Thomas Strakosha keeping out Juan Cuadrado 's close-range attempt with their legs when they should have had no chance to prevent a goal from Alex Sandro 's cutback .
It proved an eventful opening for the Albania goalkeeper , who got down sharply to deny Dybala and Gonzalo Higuain , and Lazio rewarded them by gaining a foothold in the contest .
Giorgio Chiellini – playing without their old ally Leonardo Bonucci in the Juventus defence – made a brilliant last-ditch tackle to thwart Immobile but the same player sprung the Serie A champions ' backline in the 31st minute and was brought down by Gianluigi Buffon .
The booked veteran goalkeeper guessed correctly but could not get close to Immobile 's well-struck effort .
Buffon was soon back in the action as Dusan Basta drilled an effort at them from Sergej Milinkovic-Savic 's clever flick before Lucas Leiva sought a rare goal with a fierce long-ranger that was tipped over the bar .
Cuadrado , who was on the receiving end of a robust tackle from Lucas before half-time , saw a shot blocked shortly after the restart but Lazio doubled their lead in the 54th minute .
The Juve backline had lost its shape by the time Marco Parolo floated a cross to the far post and Immobile headed back across Buffon and in .
Immobile might have claimed the matchball when Senad Lulic played them through with an hour played but Buffon sprawled effectively at the forward 's feet .
Miralem Pjanic 's radar was unusually awry from a promising free-kick situation and Higuain prodded wide from substitute Douglas Costa 's cross as the game entered its final quarter .
Buffon had to turn away a stinging Luis Alberto attempt before Dybala showed Pjanic how it was done from 25 yards .
The 23-year-old 's viciously swerving strike shattered Lazio 's previous calm and Marusic 's foul on Alex Sandro was clumsy in the extreme as Dybala converted easily to have seemingly forced extra time .
Sensing their moment slipping by , the hosts released Lukaku to storm down the left flank . Mattia De Sciglio 's desperate slide tackle could not contain the Belgian and Murgia steered unerringly past Buffon to spark wild celebrations .
KEY OPTA STATS
- Juventus have lost two Supercoppa matches in a row for the first time .
- The last time Lazio scored three goals against Juventus was in March 2001 ( 4-1 ) .
- Gianluigi Buffon played their ninth Supercoppa , the joint most in the history of the competition ( with Dejan Stankovic ) .
- Prior to tonight the last penalty faced by Juventus came in November 2016 against Chievo .
- Immobile has scored all their seven penalties taken for Lazio .
- Prior to today Immobile scored only one goal in 10 games against Juventus , with Genoa in September 2012 .
- Dybala has scored seven goals in eight games against Lazio since moving to Juventus - the Biancocelesti are their top victim .
- Alessandro Murgia scored with their first touch in the Juventus box .
It was one game , yes . That 's truth . That 's fact .
The 11 games that preceded it ? The 11 losses stretching back before Christmas , the near-misses and the no-contests , the Big East oh-fer , all of it a big , blurry basketball fog ? Those are all part of the permanent record , too .
But maybe — just maybe — this one game , this one Saturday afternoon at Madison Square Garden , is a hint that there 's life yet in the old bear , in the St. John 's basketball team , which had no business sharing a court with the fourth-ranked Duke Blue Devils yet somehow walked off that court with an 81-77 victory .
“ We got what we deserved , ” Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski said .
But make no mistake : the Johnnies got what they deserved , too . This has been an impossible team to figure for most of this season . It played so well out of conference , twice threw scares into top-10 stalwart Xavier , gave No . 1 Villanova a solid game at the Garden .
But still : 11-13 is 11-13 . And 0-11 is 0-11 .
“ I 'm happy for the guys , ” St. John 's coach Chris Mullin said . “ They needed it more than anything . ”
It is what this program needed , too , as much as anything . As the losses mounted , the helplessness did too . Nobody expected Mullin 's return to their Utopia Parkway kingdom to be a magic elixir , but nobody figured on 0-11 in the Big East in Year 3 , either . It has been hard for Mullin 's guys , yes , but it has been just as hard for the faithful to keep their faith .
So this was for them , too , for the locals who packed the Garden and tried to outshout the Dookies , who really seemed to shake the Blue Devils at key moments in the second half .
“ The month of January was rough for us , ” forward Tariq Owens said . “ But Coach never stopped preaching to us and we never left the gym and finally it paid off . ”
It paid off . Shamorie Ponds saw to it with a 33-point masterpiece , and the Johnnies forced fans all across America to blink as the score crawled across the bottom of their television screens .
It 's one game , yes . Two years ago , St. John 's hammered a Syracuse team bound for the Final Four and it proved merely an outlier . Maybe this will be the same thing .
Or maybe it wo n't be . If you care about St. John 's , and about college basketball in this city , it really is the only way to root .
President Trump is nothing if not persistent when it comes to trying to hold hands with their wife Melania — and on Tuesday they succeeded , however briefly , video of the event showed .
Standing at attention next to the first lady outside the White House , the commander-in-chief poked their left forefinger at the back of their wife 's right hand as they stood ramrod straight and refused to play nice .
Trump then tried another tactic , trying to wrap their pinkie around their finger — another effort ignored by the first lady .
Finally , they made a more determined effort to clasp their hand , reaching several digits in to try to grasp them palm .
Finally , after an awkward 13 seconds , Melania caves and squeezed back , their somber expression never changing .
It was the third time that cameras caught the president 's awkward attempts at holding hands with their third wife .
During a visit to Israel in May 2017 , Trump tried to hold hands on the tarmac as they arrived — but Melania deftly swatted their hand away .
In February , Trump tried yet again as they walked side-by-side toward Air Force One in Ohio .
But Melania kept their hand inside their long yellow coat , and all the president managed was to grab a handful of their coat sleeve .
The Twitterverse quickly took notice .
“ I do n't blame Melania , they do n't know where that hand has been , ” snarked Bob Pegg .
“ It was my job to distract away from the hand holding swat . I did my best but those tiny hands of theirs are attention magnets , ” tweeted an account named “ Melania 's Hat , ” a reference to the wide-brimmed white hat they wore .
“ Wow wow wow . They are not even close to being out of the doghouse , ” added Mar .
The latest snub followed allegations from a porn actor and former Playboy Playmate that they had flings with Trump in 2006 shortly after Melania gave birth to their son and only child together .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A motorcyclist was taken to hospital with serious injuries after the motorbike they were riding crashed near a Crawley roundabout .
Sussex Police were called to Horsham Road , near to the roundabout for Broadfield and Bewbush at Pelham Drive and Breezehurst Drive , at 1.30pm on Saturday ( June 30 ) to reports of a crash involving a motorbike .
On arrival officers found a blue Yamaha motorbike had been the only vehicle involve in the incident .
The rider , a 31-year-old man from Horsham , was taken to St George 's Hospital in London with serious injuries .
Police want to speak to any other motorists who were in the area at the time and saw what happened during the collision .
Anyone with information , who has not spoken to police yet , is asked to contact Sussex Police by calling 101 or using the online tool , quoting Operation Guthrie .
Image copyright Thames Valley Police Image caption Police have released CCTV images of people they want to speak to in connection with public order offences
Police have released CCTV images of people they want to speak to after disorder in a town centre following England World Cup matches .
Offenders threw cans , bottles and smoke bombs in Reading town centre as well as causing `` harassment , alarm and distress to members of the public '' , police said .
Incidents took place after the group stage games on 18 , 24 and 28 June .
The force said offences occurred in Station Approach , Friar Street and at The Oracle shopping centre .
PC Stephen Goddard , from Thames Valley Police , said : `` I am appealing to the public for their assistance in identifying individuals shown in the images .
`` I believe they may have vital information about disorder in Reading town centre following England 's World Cup matches . ''
Flexing your guns in front of the mirror at the gym ? So last year , bro ! At hot workout studios and on social media , New York 's fitness elite are all about flashing another type of gun : a $ 599 massage-like device called the TheraGun that promises quicker recovery and better performance .
The pricey status symbol is “ like having the iPhone X , ” says Louis Choi , 30 , a product management director who lives in the Theater District . Choi bought one for themselves almost immediately after trying it out a few months ago at Tone House , intense circuit-training studio in the Flatiron District .
“ We talk about it in the locker room , ” says Choi . “ There are a few guys who will bring it in their gym bags , and . . . everyone will ask [ about it ] . ”
Dudes especially dig its Home Depot-esque design .
“ It looks like a power tool ! ” says Tone House trainer and early TheraGun adopter Kamraan Husain .
With an exclusive price tag and serious cool cred , the guns have become the device du jour among Manhattan 's musclemen . But fans say that the TheraGun 's benefits make it more than just a trend .
LA-based chiropractor Jason Wersland invented the machine 10 years ago after a motorcycle accident left them with a herniated disc . They set out to alleviate their pain and ended up with the original prototype for the TheraGun .
The device combines pressure , like the kind you 'd get from a massage or a foam roller , with vibration , which Wersland says can stimulate the nervous system . The result is a tool that , according to Wersland , can flush out lactic acid , improve circulation and reduce pain , providing immediate relief for tired , post-workout muscles .
They began using it on their clients and then selling it to fellow chiropractors for use on athletes . Now , the machines are sold directly to consumers and are ubiquitous at fitness studios around the city .
That 's thanks , in part , to the NBA .
During last year 's finals , then-Cleveland Cavalier point guard Kyrie Irving hobbled to the bench , wincing . The cameras caught a trainer gunning Irving 's back before they went back into the game .
“ The players were like , ‘ Hold up , if Kyrie Irving is using it , why are n't we ? ' ” says New York Knicks director of performance Mubarak Malik . So the Knicks bought five TheraGuns , which they now use during every practice and game .
“ We keep a gun on the bench , ” says Malik , who will use it on players ' backs , arms and legs while they chill on the sidelines . “ You ca n't predict the substitutions and the patterns and strategy during the game , so all you can do is keep the muscles warm . And one of those ways is with a TheraGun . ”
It 's recommended that the gun be used for 20 to 30 seconds on each body part , for a total of two to three minutes a day .
There are other gun-like devices that blend pressure and vibration , but they 're typically far more expensive and meant for in-office professional use — the Hyperice Raptor , for example , retails for $ 3,499 and must be plugged in , while the TheraGun runs on a battery .
Shom Chowdhury , the global director of health and wellness at Soho House , was an early adopter , purchasing their first TheraGun a couple of years ago .
Chowdhury , 43 , who lives in Chelsea , now owns three guns , stashing one at their brother 's place to use during their regular visits . But when they 're first starting posting videos of themselves using it on Instagram , friends were skeptical .
“ I ride motorcycles and the guys I ride with would be like , ‘ I do n't want to see pictures of you vibrating yourself — I 'm going to unfollow you , ' ” Chowdhury says .
Now , they estimate that at least 20 of their friends own TheraGuns .
“ [ It ] went from people asking me , ‘ What is that stupid vibrator you have ? ' to ‘ Where can I get one ? ' ” they say .
“ We just [ built a Soho House ] in Amsterdam , and we 're going to have four on-site for use , ” Chowdhury says . ( The Manhattan location does n't have a gym , hence no TheraGuns . )
They 're also popular at elite downtown weight-training gym S10 , according to its owner Stephen Cheuk . They keep four guns at the front desk for clients , though they estimate that 50 percent of their regulars just buy their own after falling for the contraption .
“ There 's definitely a big wow factor , ” Cheuk says . “ Joe Jonas comes here : I used it on him , and then they bought one for himself . Diplo travels a lot , so they have one that they travel with . ”
Despite its flashy appeal , physical therapist Wendy Winn warns that the gun is n't a cure-all .
“ Muscle soreness [ occurs ] because you tear your muscles while you 're working out , ” they say . Better circulation can speed up blood flow to those micro-tears , but the TheraGun does n't heal them .
“ If you love it , great , ” says Winn . “ There 's no downside . I just want to make sure the expectations are managed . ”
It 's a warning that 's lost on some , for whom ponying up $ 600 is proof of badass dedication — or at least the appearance of it .
“ If you bring one to Tone House , ” says Choi , “ it kinda says , ‘ Hey , I 'm a serious athlete . ' ”
Follow @ insidefutbol
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has explained going with a 3-4-3 formation away against Middlesbrough this evening .
The Gunners shook things up at the Riverside Stadium , going with three central defenders as they looked to bounce back from a 3-0 drubbing away at Crystal Palace last Monday night .
Goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil were a mountain which Middlesbrough could not climb , although they did make sure Arsenal did not recover a clean sheet in the north east .
Wenger was asked after the game about their decision to switch formation to 3-4-3 and explained it was something they wanted to do to cope with direct play from opponents .
And the Frenchman believes that the formation switch did add defensive solidity .
`` I felt it added a bit more stability on the long balls '' , Wenger was quoted as saying by the BBC .
`` We faced a direct game and we have been punished a bit on that .
`` It gave the opponents more of the ball . Against Palace we had 70 % possession but lost .
`` Sometimes we want to have the ball but when a team lacks confidence just to change the system can help believe something different '' , they added .
Arsenal is now up to sixth in the Premier League table , but still seven points off fourth placed Manchester City , though they do have a game in hand on the Citizens and two in hand on third placed Liverpool .
Convicted murderer Michael Lambrix gave a final interview , Tuesday , October 3 , 2017 , at Florida State Prison in Starke . Lambrix , 57 , was executed Thursday for the 1983 killings of Clarence Moore and Alesiha Bryant in Glades County . Capitol News Service
What an ex-CIA agent says you should never do while traveling What do you look for in a hotel room — close to the pool ? Great view from the window ? Well , it turns out the most important thing is that it ...
Teen gets life in prison for plotting attack on Justin Bieber concert A 17-year-old boy who plotted an ISIS-inspired attack in Wales during a Justin Bieber concert was slapped with a life sentence Friday , according to reports . Lloyd Gunton was arrested “ hours ...
Bikini barista : How I escaped an attempted rape at knifepoint A bikini barista in Washington credits their toned bod for helping them escape a terrifying attack at knifepoint . Madeline Guinto , 30 , said they were able to strong-arm the alleged assailant , ...
Chaos erupts after women arraigned for attacking pregnant teen Mayhem erupted in a Bronx courthouse Tuesday following the arraignments of two women accused of beating a 7-months-pregnant teen . Two family members – a man and a woman — of ...
US reportedly killed as many as 100 Russian fighters in Syria attack American-backed military forces killed as many as 100 Russian mercenaries during an attack on a US-held base in Syria last week , according to a report on Tuesday . Scores of troops , ...
86-year-old woman beaten in random street attack LOS ANGELES — An 86-year-old Korean woman was punched in the face and sent tumbling to the ground , smashing their head against the pavement , in a random and unprovoked attack ...
Brute yelled 'get out of my country ' before beatdown : cops A man was beaten and robbed in a racially motivated attack on the Lower East Side , according to police . The 37-year-old victim was walking home near Suffolk and Broome streets ...
Pregnant teen : Attackers tried to kill my baby A 7-months- pregnant teen was set upon in a Bronx stairwell by two women with a single heinous goal — to kill their baby . Tylesha Mohammed , 19 , said they had ...
Man arrested for attacking cousin with power drill A Utah man was arrested for attacking their cousin with a power drill because they were angry both of them were trying to rent the same home , according to a ...
Football notifications , social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone , sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online .
Dear Miss Behavin ' : My cat , Logan , is indoor-only , but they seem to think he 's a vicious jungle beast . They hide , stalks my feet and will jump out and attack me . I 'm walking on eggshells in my own house . How can I stop the madness ?
Reply : Cats are natural predators , and sometimes this instinct can accidentally be directed toward their owners . Typically , owners will observe the behavior is worse at dawn or in the evening , which is when cats would be hunting in the wild . The solution is to redirect this hunting instinct to a more appropriate ( and less painful ) outlet : toys .
To help satisfy Logan 's urge to hunt their food , start playing with them before mealtimes . String or ribbon toys with feathers or a stuffed animal at the end work best . Start dancing the toy in front of Logan , and get them really worked up for an energetic play session for about 10 minutes . Toward the end of the play session , start slowing the play down , acting as if the toy is “ wounded. ” Then , let Logan “ capture ” the toy so they truly feel like that vicious jungle kitty . After Logan catches the toy , feed them their meal in their dish .
In addition to play time , make sure Logan has other activities to keep them occupied during the day . For example , you can hide a few kitty treats in a hollow cat toy and have a tall cat tree or shelf for Logan to climb . If you do see Logan stalking you , staring and creeping forward , put up a pillow or piece of paper to block their line of sight . If a cat can not see what they are stalking , that will typically interrupt the behavior .
If you follow these suggestions , Logan should be less likely to attack your feet . However , if Logan does go after your feet on occasion , resist the urge to yell , jump or pull away from him , as this only feeds into their game . It is better to stand still , not pull away , and wait for Logan to disengage after they realize with disappointment that you wo n't act like prey .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Ed Sheeran , and their cat , would like to thank the Grammy voters .
After skipping Sunday 's ceremony , the singer posted a note of gratitude on their Instagram account and said their cat was celebrating , too . Sheeran won Grammys for best pop solo performance for `` Shape of You '' and best pop vocal album .
`` Woke up to the news I won two grammys last night . Thank you ! '' wrote Sheeran , who included a photo of their orange-and-white cat . `` This little fluff-ball is doing a bit of a celebratory dance , lots of love to everyone xx . ''
Their victory for best solo performance was n't welcomed by everyone . Sheeran was the only male on the list , defeating stars such as Lady Gaga , Kesha and Pink . Numerous tweeters expressed their disappointment .
MINNEAPOLIS — When John DeFilippo became the Jets ' assistant quarterbacks coach in 2009 , it took them a few days to come to grips with where their career was .
For the previous two seasons , they had been the Raiders ' quarterbacks coach , working with No . 1 pick JaMarcus Russell . But after the staff was fired there , DeFilippo had to swallow their pride and take a low-level job with the Jets that was basically quality control .
Eight years later , DeFilippo is the Eagles ' quarterbacks coach as they face the Patriots in Super Bowl LII on Sunday .
“ It was hard at first , ” DeFilippo said . “ It took some adjustment . It was truly a life lesson that I 've taken with me . I gave myself three or four days to be … I do n't want to say disappointed because if you 're coaching in the NFL there 's no reason to be disappointed , but I took three or four days to adjust myself to my new role . After that , it was full speed ahead . ”
DeFilippo spent just one season with the Jets , but in that time , they bonded with defensive coordinator Mike Pettine . Both were the sons of coaches , had grown up in Philadelphia and shared a love of cigars .
“ You never know why you 're at a place , ” DeFilippo said . “ There was a reason I was with the Jets . I was there to meet Mike Pettine . ”
Pettine gave DeFilippo their first offensive coordinator job in 2015 with the Browns , where they coached Johnny Manziel for a year before that team 's staff was fired . They then came to the Eagles , where they have mentored Carson Wentz and has gotten backup Nick Foles ready to play after Wentz 's season-ending injury in December .
The work DeFilippo has done in Philadelphia has not gone unnoticed . They are one of the hottest coaching candidates in the league . The Vikings reportedly are interested in interviewing them after the Super Bowl to replace new Giants coach Pat Shurmur as offensive coordinator . They also had head-coaching interviews with the Bears and Cardinals last month .
The Jets wanted DeFilippo to be their offensive coordinator last year , but the Eagles blocked them from interviewing since they still are under contract . Now , their contract is up , and they can go if they choose .
“ I 'm going to have my opportunity to call plays again , ” DeFilippo said . “ I had my opportunity to call plays last year several places . Who knows what 's going to happen after Sunday ?
“ I 'm in no rush to the leave the Eagles . If an opportunity presented itself , like a head-coaching job , then obviously you 've [ got ] to take a look at it. “ You just do n't leave the Eagles , being from Philadelphia , when you have a franchise quarterback that the whole building believes in , when you have a really good defense , a really good coaching staff , a head coach that you love working for and offensive coordinator that you love working with . There are a lot of positives . ”
0:40 Crocodile puts death grip on elephant 's trunk in brutal fight Visitors at the Liwonde National Park in Malawi , east Africa , were horrified when a young elephant was attacked by a crocodile , getting its trunk stuck in the beast 's mouth . Luckily , one of the older elephants came storming in and helped free the panicked youngster .
0:47 This college football coach used to dance for MC Hammer The San Jose State football team got a surprise performance from one of their coaches , Alonzo Carter . When “ U Ca n't Touch This ” played on the speaker at practice , the running backs coach — and former MC Hammer backup dancer — sprang into action with the moves they perfected on tour with Hammer over 25 years ago .
0:49 Bad panda mom treats their cub like a pillow Qifu is a panda at the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding in China , and they are n't developing a great reputation as a mom . She 's been caught falling on their cub and , even worse , using their cub as a back brace while they munch on some bamboo .
0:51 Heroic UPS guy puts out a fire with a garden hose UPS driver Paul Pereira came to the rescue when they extinguished a house fire along their route in Haverhill , Massachusetts . The deliveryman acted quickly , using a garden hose to put out the fire on Hamilton Avenue . The family inside the house , who were unaware of the danger , said they saved their lives .
0:52 Giant 8-month-old baby weighs 38 pounds A child in Punjab , India , weighs a staggering 38 pounds , which would be healthy for a 4-year-old . Unfortunately , Chahat Jumar is only 8 months old . The obese baby started gaining an abnormal amount of weight around 4 months , and their condition has left local doctors completely nonplussed .
1:14 This woman gives sexy snake massages Sarah Zaad , aka the `` Snake Queen , '' is a holistic therapist in Brazil who employs pythons and boa constrictors to massage their clients . Zaad claims the snakes can help treat depression .
0:58 North Korea calls its luxury high-rises scarier than its nukes North Korea 's supreme leader Kim Jong-un attended the grand opening of a luxury housing complex in the heart of Pyongyang , the nation 's capital . Thousands watched as the head of state ceremoniously cut a ribbon , despite reports claiming that some of the “ prestige ” penthouse apartments still lack hot water . Leading up to the publicity event , 600,000 North Korean citizens reportedly were removed from the city .
1:26 Woman with Europe 's biggest breasts is addicted to tanning shots Martina Big is a model from Germany who is no stranger to plastic surgery , but their new obsession is taking things to a new level . By getting tanning injections , she 's changed their skin to a dark shade that it never could have gained naturally .
0:37 Little girl narrowly escapes death by stray bullet When gunshots were fired at a nearby tattoo shop , a 4-year-old girl sitting by the window of an Arizona barbershop almost got hit by several stray bullets . Fortunately , the only injuries they suffered were minor and caused by flying glass .
As we start the year full of good intentions to flourish at work , social scientists are warning that our careers could be over sooner than we expect .
The world is barreling toward what has been dubbed the “ post-work economy , ” as technology replaces humans at an unprecedented rate .
Driverless cars are set to make millions of truckers and taxi drivers redundant and automated fast food service is poised to shut off a key job sector for young people . As artificial intelligence is increasingly able to carry out complex tasks that used to require humans , large numbers of us are set to find ourselves out of work , with no prospects .
“ Many jobs will be destroyed , ” futurist Ross Dawson told news.com.au . “ We can no longer be sure we 'll have a sufficient amount of the right type of work for people to be employed . ”
When should we start panicking ?
The experts are n't sure how soon all this is going to happen , but the shift is taking place faster than predicted . The world of work is now changing more rapidly than during the Industrial Revolution .
Dawson says we can expect more “ big hits ” in the near future , like the one seen in October when 600 manufacturing workers lost their jobs after Ford closed its Australian factories .
Futurist Chris Riddell told news.com.au that over the next three years , “ innovation and disruption will exceed anything we 've seen to date . ”
With high-speed “ hyperloop ” transport and augmented reality gaining traction , the pace of change is accelerating , but Riddell believes “ things are going to get very messy before they get sophisticated . ”
How will we survive ?
Governments are already in discussions over how we can stay relevant in a world where tech has overtaken the human brain .
The shift toward a huge portion of the population being unemployed will create a string of problems . In terms of finances , we may have to introduce a Universal Basic Income ( UBI ) : a trendy concept being tested in Finland , the Netherlands and Canada , in which every citizen is paid a flat wage , whether they are employed or not .
The idea of a “ mincome ” ( minimum income ) is controversial because it is unclear whether it would be more cost-effective than our current welfare system . But if the majority of the population is on the dole , our view on taxing workers to fund the unemployed may have to change .
Will life be one long party ?
You may be thinking this all sounds great . Our lives will run smoothly with the help of super-intelligent technology , we wo n't be expected to find jobs , and we 'll still earn money .
Technology should remove mundane tasks and allow us to focus on the kind of lifestyles we want .
But Dawson warns the shift could open up a wider chasm between the elite who work and those who do not , since we typically define our worth by what we do .
“ This will accelerate the potential for a divide , ” they say . “ And the polarization of wealth . ”
Since we all want to feel valued , we will need to find a way to give people a purpose outside of work , in other aspects of society .
Where will we find purpose ?
Some of the greatest minds of the 21st century , Tesla founder Elon Musk and physicist Stephen Hawking , recently wrote an open letter warning of the need to stay abreast of artificial intelligence for fear robots could literally take over our world .
In the short term , we need to find roles in which humans can feel productive . This requires looking at where we still outstrip machines : in expertise , creativity and relationships , for example .
One of Australia 's most potent offerings is world-class eduction , according to Dawson . We have the ability to take a leading role in making sure schools are preparing for the radically different world of the future , and exporting adult education to the world .
As computers become more sophisticated , our abilities at things like mental arithmetic and handwriting are eroding , so it will be vital for us to exercise our motor skills and stay physically and mentally engaged .
Undercover cop , 3 bikers plead not guilty in gang attack Four of the brutal bikers – including an undercover cop – who participated in the motorcycle gang attack caught on video last September pleaded not guilty to gang assault and ...
Undercover cop indicted in biker gang attack The disgraced undercover NYPD cop busted for participating in a vicious motorcycle gang attack caught on video last September was indicted for gang assault and other serious felonies by a ...
Undercover cop in SUV attack wo n't testify The undercover biker cop who was caught on video smashing a Manhattan dad 's SUV will not testify before a grand jury , their lawyer said on Monday . The lawyer for detective ...
Off-duty cop involved in SUV driver assault The savage beatdown of Alexian Lien by a motorcycle gang that stopped their family 's SUV as he , their wife and their baby were driving along the West Side Highway has ...
Undercover cop charged in SUV attack An undercover NYPD cop paid to “ serve and protect ” was arrested Tuesday for terrorizing a Manhattan family by smashing out their SUV 's rear window during a horrifying biker gang beatdown ...
Colleges ' new test The glimmers of change in US higher education are starting to pile up . This could — should — be the start of a tidal wave of reform so that colleges ...
Sorrell scolds companies for short-term thinking Company executives are acting more like politicians looking for short-term success so they can get re-elected than long-term flight attendants of brands , according to ad boss Martin Sorrell . The 69-year old ...
Overseas-college discount Parents of college-bound students have been digging deep this month to pay their kids ' sky-high fall-semester tuition bills . But a recent comparison on the news site mic.com suggests that they ...
Jaded in Jersey New Jerseyites ca n't wait to get out . This is the gist of a new PublicMind survey from Fairleigh Dickenson University , which found that more than half of the state 's residents ...
Image copyright AFP Image caption A number of cars were set alight during the overnight clashes
Groups of youths have clashed with police in France 's western city of Nantes after a man was shot dead by police during a roadside check .
On Tuesday night , protesters burned cars and threw petrol bombs at the police , who responded with tear gas .
The full circumstances in which the 22-year-old driver died earlier on Tuesday are being investigated by police .
Police say an officer shot the man after they had refused to comply with orders and had hit another officer .
The man - who has not been identified - was taken to hospital but died soon afterwards .
An arrest warrant had earlier been issued for the man on suspicion that they were involved in organised robbery , France 's BFMTV reports .
Police reinforcements are now expected in Nantes to prevent any further violence .
Restaurant Brands International Inc. announced a plan Tuesday for improving the customer experience and sales at its Tim Hortons operations , which were the weak spots during an otherwise strong first quarter for the company .
Tim Hortons saw comparable same-store sales growth — a key industry metric measuring performance of stores that have been open a year or more — fall 0.3 per cent in the company 's first quarter . The brand suffered from intense competition , problems with its annual ‘ Roll Up the Rim ' promotion and negative media coverage generated by a group of dissident franchise owners , RBI chief executive Daniel Schwartz told analysts .
Schwartz announced the new “ Winning Together ” plan , which they said would help improve profitability for the company 's restaurant owners . They said the plan centres on improving the restaurant experience , product excellence and brand communications .
The initiative also includes more customer use of a Tim Hortons app , a new marketing campaign extolling the virtue of connecting with neighbours over a coffee and a $ 700 million initiative to renovate restaurants .
The strategy is intended to counter negative attention brought to the brand by a group of dissident franchisees , dubbed the Great White North Franchisee Association , which claims to represent more than half of Canadian franchisees , and has vocally criticized the parent company for cutbacks they say are hurting their business .
“ Needless to say , we 're not pleased with the narrative in the media , ” they told analysts in a conference call .
“ The environment is competitive and the fact that there 's a tonne of negative media created by this group of franchisees is also hurting the guest perception . ”
Schwartz stressed that an advisory board elected by franchise owners has expressed support for RBI 's strategy . They said in an interview that they have not met with the dissident franchisees , but that they hope all franchisees “ will buy into ” the new plan . GWNFA declined comment Tuesday .
“ We 've made good progress on building a strong and a positive agenda with the restaurant owners , ” they said . “ The relationships with the owners were n't where they needed to be but we have been making improvements . ”
In particular , they said “ hundreds ” of franchise owners had signed up to refurbish the interior and exterior of their restaurants with the “ welcome image ” that 's part of RBI 's plan for improving relationships with customers .
“ We really want to work with our owners to accelerate the pace of renovations and the quality of the restaurant image in Canada , ” Schwartz said .
“ We 're really encouraged by the initial results that we 've had , both quantitative and qualitative , in testing with our guests . ”
RBI 's previously announced $ 700-million renovation plan to spruce up its restaurants is one of the factors in its feud with GWNFA . The franchisees say that the company has effectively changed the rent and royalty structure by saddling franchisees with increasing costs and requiring them to renovate stores at their own expense .
The dissident franchisee group was quick to point out it believed the plan was ill-conceived and would cost individual restaurant owners about $ 450,000 .
During the conference call , however , Schwartz said “ we have managed to increase average franchise profitability in Canada by a significant amount since we first acquired Tim Hortons . ”
Schwartz also acknowledged problems during the quarter with its popular annual Roll up the Rim contest , referring to issues with a long-term supplier but offering no other details .
In February , the chain confirmed a “ small batch ” of misprinted extra large-size cups were distributed in Atlantic Canada and Alberta for the annual contest , but added no major contest prizing was affected because third-party consultants audit the production process and the seeding of prizes .
The company , which keeps its books in U.S. dollars , earned US $ 147.8 million or 59 cents per diluted share for the quarter ended March 31 . That compared with a profit of $ 50.2 million or 21 cents per diluted share a year ago . Revenue totalled $ 1.25 billion , up from $ 1 billion in the same quarter last year .
On an adjusted basis , Restaurant Brands , which also owns Burger King and Popeyes , says it earned 66 cents per share for the quarter , up from 36 cents per share a year ago . Analysts on average had expected a profit of 56 cents per share , according to Thomson Reuters .
Shares in the company shot up about four per cent or $ 2.50 to $ 71.56 in Tuesday trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange after reaching its lowest point earlier this month since September 2017 .
Companies in this story : ( TSX : QSR )
A former sales representative for Insys Therapeutics , the maker of the fentanyl-based painkiller Subsys , pleaded guilty today to participating in a scheme in which doctors were bribed to increase off-label prescribing of the opioid drug .
Michelle Breitenbach , 38 , of Middletown , pleaded guilty to a second-degree charge of conspiracy to commit commercial bribery in Middlesex County Superior Court . They admitted that as a New Jersey sales representative for Insys , they participated in a scheme in which doctors were paid kickbacks and bribes in the form of speaker fees for marketing and education events in exchange for prescribing Subsys off-label .
Doctors who participated in the “ speakers bureau program ” for Insys purportedly spoke at events to educate other doctors about Subsys , law enforcement officials said . In reality , law enforcement officials said the events involved free meals at expensive restaurants , and doctors were paid as speakers even if they did not speak , or if other doctors did not show up to listen . Breitenbach said that the management at Insys pressured sales representatives to promote the speakers bureau program as a means to drive increased sales of Subsys . They admitted that the payments made to the doctors as “ speakers ” were actually rewards for prescribing more Subys .
Last year , the New Jersey Attorney General 's Office filed suit against Insys and its founder , John Kapoor , accusing the company of endangering the public through an unlawful marketing campaign designed to exponentially increase sales of Subys by making fraudulent claims and offering incentives to health care providers to prescribe Subsys to a broad array of pain patients .
Subsys is a spray form of fentanyl that has FDA approval only for intense breakthrough pain related to end-stage cancer . While doctors have discretion to legally prescribe drugs for off-label use beyond what is approved by the FDA , drug companies are prohibited from promoting their drugs for off-label use in an untruthful or misleading way , and from influencing healthcare providers ' prescription decisions with payments or other benefits .
Breitenbach could face up to five years in prison . Them sentencing is scheduled for July 6 .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Ticket Down is a reputable source of cheap presale tickets for the Gorillaz at Red Rocks . Add promo/coupon code CONCERT for added savings on lawn seats and floor seats .
Denver , Colorado ( PRUnderground ) April 17th , 2017
Ticket Down is a reputable source of authentic presale tickets for the Gorillaz at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Morrison/Denver , Colorado . This venue is an all-time favorite for concert events because of its picturesque and unique setting .
The Gorillaz have announced a blockbuster tour which will occur after the release of their upcoming album Humanz which is scheduled to be released on April 28th . This dynamic duo is comprised of Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett . Their 2017 tour will begin on July 8th at the Huntington Bank Pavilion at Northerly Island in Chicago and culminate on October 15th at Miami , FL @ III Points Festival .
This is their first North America tour in seven years and some of the cities they will visit include Boston , Philadelphia , Quebec , Detroit , Minneapolis , Los Angeles , Seattle and Kansas City . They will also be headlining at several festivals including the Outside Lands Music & Arts Festival in New York , Meadows Music & Arts Festival in San Francisco and the III Points Festival in Miami , Florida .
The Gorillaz recently released four new tracks “ Saturnz Barz , ” “ Andromeda , ” “ Ascension ” and “ We Got the Power. ” These new songs were received well by their longtime diehard fans . Additionally , the Gorillaz released a video for “ Saturnz Barz ” last month which hit a record for the most successful debut of a virtual reality music video in YouTube history .
Red Rocks Amphitheatre right outside of Denver . Not only is this a great place to hold a big concert , it is also a place to enjoy nature . It is located in Red Rocks Park right between the Rocky Mountains and the Great Plains , offering everything that you need to see . Enjoy acres of wildlife , ancient ruins , and a mixture of mountains and the plains . It is no wonder that some of the biggest starts aspire to play in front of their audiences in this location .
About TicketDown.com :
Ticket Down delivers tickets to sold out concerts and events worldwide when no one else can , and they do so at discounted prices . This popular ticket site also has tickets for the Gorillaz at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Morrison/Denver , Colorado . Find great pricing on Gorillaz Red Rocks lawn seats seats , pit seats , front row seats , general admission ( GA ) and more . Add promo/coupon code CONCERT for added savings .
Note : Ticket Down is not associated with any music artists or venues mentioned in this release . The names that are used in this release are purely for descriptive purposes . We are not affiliated with nor do we endorse any musical artists or venues in this release . TicketDown.com and JP Media , LLC are not responsible for any errors or omissions in this release .
Check out our discount codes online for all upcoming events . Ticket Down has low overheads which allow this well-known ticket site to keep prices competitive .
About JP Media , LLC
A Fresno State University professor who celebrated the death of Barbara Bush in a profanity-laced rant on Twitter will not be disciplined , the university 's president said in a statement late Tuesday .
In a note to the “ campus community , ” Joseph Castro said that English instructor Randa Jarrar 's comments about the late first lady were “ insensitive , inappropriate and an embarrassment to the university , ” but “ are protected free speech under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution . ”
Castro added that Jarrar would remain on leave through the spring semester , “ which they had previously requested before this incident . ”
Jarrar drew outrage when they tweeted hours after Bush 's death on April 17 that the wife of one president and mother of another was “ a generous and smart and amazing racist who , along with their husband , raised a war criminal. ” They added , “ F— outta here with your nice words . ”
Jarrar also said they were happy that “ the witch is dead ” and bragged that they would n't be fired for their remarks because they had tenure .
“ I make 100K a year doing that , ” they told one Twitter user . “ i [ sic ] will never be fired . i [ sic ] will always have people wanting to hear what I have to say . ”
In their letter , Castro wrote that the university 's action “ is an issue of free speech and not related to [ Jarrar 's ] job or tenure . ”
A change.org petition calling for Jarrar to be fired had garnered more than 45,000 signatures as of Tuesday evening .
“ Our duty as Americans and as educators is to promote a free exchange of diverse views , even if we disagree with them , ” Castro wrote near the end of their letter . “ At Fresno State , we encourage opinions and ideas to be expressed in a manner that informs , enlightens and educates without being disparaging of others . ”
Follow @ insidefutbol
Tottenham Hotspur youngster Kyle Walker-Peters has stressed their desire to keep their feet on the ground and continue working hard after making their senior team debut against Newcastle United on Sunday .
The youngster started the match against the Magpies , a match they won 2-0 , and played for the full 90 minutes , going on to be adjudged the man of the match for their performance .
The young right-back , while giving their reaction to their debut , said that their initial thought when being informed about being picked was excitement .
However , once the fact sunk in , Walker-Peters insists that they tried to keep their cool and get through the match .
“ I found out [ about starting ] on Saturday during training , before we did some tactical work ” , the academy graduate told their club 's official website .
“ The initial feeling was excitement and a bit of nerves but today I just tried to keep cool and the boys helped me get through . ''
The focus now though will be to extend that run as they insist that they will keep working hard in training and keep their fingers crossed to be selected in the playing eleven in the future as well .
“ I 'll keep training hard and hopefully I 'll get more opportunities .
“ If I do , I hope to take them .
“ Every day you go out on the training pitch you have to prove to the manager and the players that they can trust you .
`` I 've still got a long way to go and I 'm not going to get ahead of myself , I 'll keep working hard . ”
If it 's Monday it must be another fouled-up commute .
NYC Transit warned of delays on C trains just after 7:30 a.m. because of an animal on the tracks at Rockaway Avenue . ( It was not immediately clear what type of animal . ) Service resumed with residual delays to A- and C-line trains just before 8:10 a.m .
But just as that problem cleared up , the MTA said a train with mechnical problems at Delancey Street was causing re-routing and delays for A , C and F trains .
There were also delays on the 4 and 6 lines due to separate incidents earlier in the morning involving unruly customers .
Meanwhile , PATH warned of delays on the Hoboken - World Trade Center line as of 7:45 a.m. due to car equipment problems . ( The problems were resolved by 8 a.m. ) An earlier switch problem causing delays from Journal Square to 33rd Street was resolved before 7 a.m .
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY : Melanie Fiona , 35 ; Becki Newton , 40 ; Geraldo Rivera , 75 ; Neil Simon , 91 .
Happy Birthday : Do n't lose sight of your goals . Piling too much on your plate will be what holds you back this year . Stay focused on what 's most important to you , and refuse to let what others do sidetrack you . An aggressive approach to saving and making your cash work for you will lead to greater options and less stress . Your numbers are 7 , 13 , 22 , 26 , 33 , 39 , 41 .
ARIES ( March 21-April 19 ) : Do n't let anyone limit what you can do . Listen to reason , but make up your own mind . Use your strength , courage and intelligence to help you make your mark and live life your way . Romance will relieve stress . 3 stars
TAURUS ( April 20-May 20 ) : An encounter you have with someone will leave you feeling down . Approach others with caution , and be willing to let everyone have their or their own opinion . Stubbornness will be what stands between you and victory . Share and avoid pressure . 4 stars
GEMINI ( May 21-June 20 ) : Stick to the basics ; you 'll get the most accomplished . Do n't let anyone interfere with your plans , or you will become confused and uncertain about what to do next . Rely on what you know , not what others try to persuade you to believe . 2 stars
CANCER ( June 21-July 22 ) : Live and learn . Be observant as well as cautious when handling financial and medical matters . Know what you are up against and act accordingly . Serious situations will require special attention and precision if you plan to reach your destination unscathed . 5 stars
LEO ( July 23-Aug. 22 ) : Shake off negativity . It 's not worth arguing over something you can not change or with someone who is rigid . Focus on personal change that will help you project a positive image of the person you are and what you have to offer . 3 stars
VIRGO ( Aug. 23-Sept. 22 ) : Share with someone you love or enjoy working alongside . Collaborating will encourage a closer bond and bring you better results . Do n't be afraid to let your inner voice be heard . A creative idea will open up a window of opportunity . 3 stars
LIBRA ( Sept. 23-Oct. 22 ) : Resistance is futile . If you have an idea , follow through . It 's what you do , not what you say , that will count in the end . Be true to your word and follow your dream ; you 'll gain respect . Romance is encouraged . 3 stars
SCORPIO ( Oct. 23-Nov. 21 ) : Live your life your way . Do n't allow anyone to interfere with your plans or your goals . Surround yourself with people and things that inspire you to strive for perfection and fulfilling your dreams . Do n't let emotions stand between you and success . 5 stars
SAGITTARIUS ( Nov. 22-Dec. 21 ) : A different environment will give you a new perspective on something you want to do . Handle your money matters cautiously . A moderate budget will help you avoid unnecessary stress . Do n't try to buy love or friendship . Avoid emotionally manipulative people . 2 stars
CAPRICORN ( Dec. 22-Jan. 19 ) : Move forward with confidence . Change is good and will help you put an end to conditions that have been dragging you down . Embrace what life has to offer , and explore new possibilities . Learn from past mistakes . 4 stars
AQUARIUS ( Jan. 20-Feb. 18 ) : Stick close to home with what 's familiar and safe . Taking a risk will result in added stress and confusion . Slow down and be an observer for a change . It 's OK to take a break . Romance should be your priority . 3 stars
PISCES ( Feb. 19-March 20 ) : Share your enthusiasm and imaginative plans with someone who is looking to make similar changes . Getting involved in events that are meaningful will encourage encounters that are stimulating and progressive . Learn from an expert or those with more experience . 3 stars
Get your horoscope delivered to your inbox for free on weekdays .
Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here .
Birthday Baby : You are imaginative , proactive and social . You are opportunistic and inventive .
To submit astrological questions to the “ Dear Eugenia ” column , visit Eugenialast.com , or join Eugenia on Twitter/Facebook/LinkedIn .
It 's been nearly three years since an oil pipeline ruptured in Santa Barbara County , coating seven miles of beaches with crude oil and killing dolphins , birds and sea lions .
Area parks and fisheries have since re-opened . The pipeline has not , and the company that owns it is under criminal indictment . But the financial impacts of the 2015 Refugio oil spill continue to wash up in California .
The latest example : State lawmakers are considering an unprecedented request to spend more than $ 100 million in taxpayer money to dismantle two offshore oil-drilling facilities — a platform connected to the ruptured pipeline and a human-made island in nearby Ventura County — because the oil companies that were leasing the sites went bankrupt last year .
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond .
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter .
“ Just because they decided to walk away does n't mean that we can walk away , ” said state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson , a Democrat from Santa Barbara . “ So right now the state is holding the bag . ”
It 's too soon to say if the situation is an aberration or a sign of things to come . California has a long history as a major oil-producing state but has more recently embraced environmental policies that require a shift away from petroleum . The Southern California coast is dotted with 31 oil platforms and artificial islands , some of which date back to the 1950s and are in poor condition . The state expects many to be decommissioned in the coming decades as they reach the end of their productive lives .
Oil companies accept responsibility to plug wells and return the ocean to its natural state when they enter into leases with the state to drill . The current proposal for taxpayers to foot the bill illustrates what happens when the companies ca n't do it .
State officials are asking for $ 50.5 million to plug and abandon wells at Rincon Island in Ventura County , whose owner declared bankruptcy after being charged with numerous safety violations and a state of disrepair . And they are seeking $ 58 million to shutter the rig known as Platform Holly in Santa Barbara County , which has been idle since the pipeline owned by Plains All American Pipeline ruptured in 2015 and then shut down , leading Venoco , the company that was leasing the platform , to go bankrupt . In both cases , those costs would cover just the first phase of dismantling — the projects would require more money for the decommissioning stage , likely beginning in 2020 .
California is staring at the enormous cost of shuttering these rigs as the federal government proposes expanding offshore drilling . It 's an epic philosophical clash : The Democratic-led state government has advanced policies to promote clean energy and reduce the use of petroleum , including a ban on new leases to drill in state waters . On the other hand , the Republican administration of President Donald Trump has embraced the fossil fuel economy and begun the process of opening the U.S. coastline to oil and gas drilling in federal waters .
The federal government is holding public meetings in each state where it seeks to expand offshore drilling . California 's will be Feb. 8 in Sacramento .
The state controls waters for the first three miles from the coast . While it ca n't control what happens in federal waters beyond that , it can thwart expansion there by making it difficult to transport oil through the state waters that lead to the shore .
For environmentalists , the newly revealed state cost of decommissioning oil platforms when the responsible companies go bankrupt is reason to be wary .
“ It 's the most clear example of the cost that is passed on to taxpayers , ” said Marce Gutierrez-Graudins , director of Azul , a San Francisco-based ocean conservation advocacy group . “ This is a very direct line of how an oil spill is literally costing us , still , years later . ”
The request for public funds to close up the drilling sites is laid out in a 10-page document from California 's State Lands Commission , the state agency charged with managing oil and gas resources . It describes potentially dire consequences of leaving the facilities in the ocean : “ Failure to secure and properly plug and abandon the… wells could result in significant harms to public health and safety , and damage to the marine and coastal environment . ”
Like our Facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from the Bay Area and beyond .
The deteriorating rigs could cause oil spills or emit lethal levels of poisonous gas , the document says — creating a massive financial and legal risk because the state government would be liable .
“ It is vital to take immediate steps to mitigate the potential harms from the facilities , ” the State Lands Commission argues .
The money requested — $ 108.5 million over three years — is a small fraction of the $ 190 billion state budget Gov . Jerry Brown has proposed for new fiscal year . Still , it 's nearly as much as the state spends to educate 10,000 school children for a year .
“ This is serious stuff . That 's why we 've requested these dollars from the state — not because we do n't think they 'd be better used for other purposes , but because we have to , ” Lt. Gov . Gavin Newsom , who chairs the State Lands Commission , said in an interview . “ In the absence of those investments , the spill costs and the cleanup costs would be so staggering . ”
Newsom , a Democrat who is running for governor , said he 's confident the state will eventually get reimbursed . It 's seeking payment through bankruptcy court from Venoco , the company that leased Platform Holly most recently , and also pursuing reimbursement from ExxonMobil , which leased the platform until 1997 .
Venoco declined , through a spokesperson , to comment . ExxonMobil disputes how much responsibility it bears , but a company spokesperson said it “ will continue to work closely ” with California officials .
“ The final determination of liability and financial responsibility has yet to be settled , ” spokesperson Julie King said by email .
State officials are also seeking to recover some of the costs from a bond Venoco secured as part of its lease . But the bond is worth just $ 22 million — a fraction of the cost to decommission the platform .
By contrast , when the United States government leases land for oil drilling in federal water , it requires a level of bonding that covers the cost of decommissioning , said John Romero , a spokesperson for the federal Bureau of Ocean Energy Management .
Venoco was leasing two platforms in federal water off California at the time it went bankrupt last year . Since then the federal government has required Chevron , which previously held the leases to the platforms , to take over responsibility for decommissioning them .
Reading this on your phone ? Stay up to date with our free mobile app . Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store .
“ There was absolutely no burden to the taxpayer on this , ” Romero said .
Newsom said he 's realized that the State Lands Commission needs to require bigger bonds on oil leases . Many of the bonds were set decades ago and never updated . Now the commission is working to re-negotiate bond levels on other leases .
Related Articles State AGs are spoiling for a fight over offshore drilling plan
New offshore oil drilling proposed off California coast by Trump administration
Editorial : Stop Trump from drilling for oil off California 's majestic coast “ Our eyes were not wide open in terms of assessing the true cost of shutting these things down when we originally bonded these leases , and as a consequence these costs are astronomical , ” Newsom said . “ We are definitely increasing these bonds and making sure we do n't make these mistakes . ”
CALmatters is a nonpartisan , nonprofit journalism venture committed to explaining how California 's state Capitol works and why it matters .
Image caption At present the town 's A & E department is closed between 22:00 and 08:00
A new report has cast doubt over the future of key hospital services such as A & E , critical care and maternity .
Weston General has already seen its A & E close overnight , and it will not reopen overnight `` in the short-term '' until `` safe and sustainable staffing levels '' are achieved .
The maternity unit needs 500 births a year to be viable , but it currently has about 170 .
The local MP said they were concerned about the department .
'Not sustainable '
The report , which was published in draft form by NHS Bristol , North Somerset and South Gloucestershire clinical commissioning groups ( CCGs ) .
The report said `` premium payments '' ... `` to support specific services that otherwise would struggle to be financially viable , for example A & E and critical care '' were being made .
`` This is clearly not sustainable and will need to change , '' it said .
It notes the local health economy is under `` significant financial pressure '' , with North Somerset CCG 's deficit expected to rise to more than £40m by 2021 , assuming no action is taken .
`` From the information and evidence presented in this document , it is clear that [ to ] 'do nothing ' is not an option , '' the report said .
The Conservative MP for Weston-super-Mare , John Penrose , said they were concerned the report failed to mention anything about A & E re-opening overnight , but said they had since received assurances from local health bosses .
Asked about maternity services , Mr Penrose said they were `` really worried about that '' .
`` It 's quite a small unit a present - quite a lot of mums end up having their babies in Bristol .
`` It seems wrong for a town of our size that that 's they way round things are .
`` There 's an important debate to be had both within the town , but also with the local health chiefs . ''
LONDON : Apple is developing its own MicroLED device displays and has made small numbers of the screens for testing , Bloomberg reported , in a move that could hurt Asian display suppliers to the US tech giant over the long-term.MicroLED is a new display technology that has grabbed the attention of several tech firms . Screens using MicroLED are thinner , brighter , use less power and are more durable than the OLED displays that are increasingly being adopted for a variety of smart devices.The new technology is however unproven and difficult to use , analysts said. “ It is not clear whether MicroLED will be better than the OLED displays Apple uses for its smartwatches . At this point , this seems to me that Apple wants to show off — it 's more of ‘ look what we can do ' rather than a realistic alternative , ” said Dongbu Securities analyst S.R . Kwon.Apple is developing MicroLED screens at a secret plant in California in a project overseen by Lynn Youngs , who is in charge of iPhone and Apple Watch screen technology , Bloomberg said , citing people familiar with the matter.The company aims to use the new technology in its wearable computers first , the report said , adding that it is unlikely to reach an iPhone for at least three to five years.Apple declined to comment.Shares in Asian display makers initially slid on the news on Monday but later pared losses . Shares in Sharp , Japan Display and LG Display ended the day between 1.6 percent and 2.4 percent lower.Other tech giants looking at the technology include Taiwan 's Hon Hai Precision Industry , Apple 's main contract manufacturer . It acquired US MicroLED display startup eLux Inc. last year through Sharp Corp. and other group units.Sony Corp. started selling large display systems using the technology for corporate users last year , and Samsung Electronics unveiled a MicroLED TV this January .
President Trump jumped head first into a bitter Republican congressional primary on Staten Island — endorsing incumbent Rep. Dan Donovan over their predecessor , convicted tax cheat Michael Grimm .
“ There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island ( a place I know very well ) than @ RepDanDonovan , who is strong on Borders & Crime , loves our Military & our Vets , voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again . Dan has my full endorsement ! , ” Trump said in a surprise Wednesday night tweet .
But Trump 's initial endorsement tweet of Donovan was not entirely accurate .
In fact , Donovan voted against the Trump-inspired tax reform law last December , arguing new restrictions on deductions of state and local taxes would hurt many of their constituents .
Still , Trump said Donovan was a safer choice than Grimm to win the general election than Grimm .
“ Very importantly , @ RepDanDoovan will win for the Republicans in November . . and their opponent will not , ” Trump said . “ Remember Alabama . We ca n't take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat ! ”
Trump was comparing convicted felon Grimm to Alabama 's disgraced GOP senatorial candidate Roy Moore , who lost their election to Democrat Roy Moore following numerous accusations of sexual misconduct .
Donovan , a three-term district attorney ran for the congressional seat after Grimm , an ex-FBI agent and Marine , was forced to step down in 2015 after pleading guilty to tax evasion in connection with a Manhattan restaurant business they ran .
Grimm was quick to point Donovan 's votes against the president .
“ All the endorsements in the world ca n't change the facts : Donovan has failed to pass even one substantive bill into law , and has voted against President Trump every time it 's mattered – from failing to repeal Obamacare , to banning sanctuary cities , and even against tax cuts , ” Grimm said in a tweet .
Donovan was thrilled .
“ JUST IN : President Trump endorsed our campaign ! As fellow New Yorkers this is very exciting news . We 're excited to continue working together for the American people . Join President Trump and endorse Dan here , ” Donovan tweeted .
Image caption One of the post boxes painted by Mr Powell ( left ) , which was then repainted by the Royal Mail ( right )
Seven post boxes decorated to celebrate the Queen 's 90th birthday have been repainted after the Royal Mail said they did not meet its standards .
Decorator Ray Powell painted the boxes in Shefford , Bedfordshire , red , the crowns on the boxes gold and the ER black .
The Royal Mail said post boxes should not be painted without permission .
Paul Mackin , the mayor of Shefford , said the repainting was `` disgusting and a waste of money '' .
Image caption Ray Powell , from Potton , painted the post boxes in and around Shefford
Mr Powell , from Potton , told the BBC they painted the crown because `` I just thought if I 'm going to do it , I 'm going to do it so they stand out '' .
`` When they [ the Royal Mail ] repainted them , local people came up to the painter asking , 'what are you doing ? They could n't understand it , '' they added .
Mr Mackin said : `` Mr Powell did a really professional job . When I saw them , they looked absolutely superb .
`` Then they [ the Royal Mail ] just painted them red , like someone had just dipped them in red paint . A complete foul up . I think they should paint them back properly as a mark of respect to them [ Mr Powell ] . ''
The Royal Mail said : `` We have a joint policy with Historic England and work closely with the Letter Box Study Group to maintain and protect our boxes .
`` This outlines the decoration and maintenance standards we are required to meet . ''
A spokesperson said the post box painting by Mr Powell did not `` meet those standards '' .
Yes , it 's a downer that the Raiders blew a chance at the AFC West title and first round bye and instead will play on short rest Saturday against Houston .
And even worse that they 'll do it without Derek Carr , who would love nothing better than to show the first franchise of their brother David the errors of their ways .
It 's not the road the Raiders would have preferred , but face it — if the play anywhere near the same caliber of football as on Sunday against Denver , Houston is the only team in the AFC they 'd have a chance to beat .
The Texans lost their franchise defensive player in J.J. Watt early on , made Brock Osweiler one of the off-season 's biggest signings and were outscored 328-279 through 16 games .
The two teams met in Mexico City , with the Raiders unable to block Jadaveon Clowney but big plays winning out . Carr , of course had a large part in those big plays .
Raiders coach Jack Del Rio is fond of saying they like tasks that are hard . Probably not this hard , but even a single win at this point between now and the offseason would be hugely satisfying , considering the circumstances .
How the weekend shapes up :
WILD CARD WEEKEND
AFC seeds–1 , New England , 14-2 ; 2 , Kansas City , ( 12-4 ) ; 3 , Pittsburgh ( 11-5 ) , 4 , Houston ( 9-7 ) ; 5 , Raiders ( 12-4 ) ; 6 , Miami ( 10-6 ) .
NFC seeds : 1 , Dallas ( 13-3 ) ; 2 , Atlanta ( 11-5 ) ; 3 , Seattle ( 9-5-1 ) ; Green Bay ( 10-6 ) ; N.Y. Giants ( 11-5 ) ; 6 , Detroit ( 9-7 ) .
New England , Kansas City , Dallas and Atlanta have first round byes .
SATURDAY
AFC : Oakland at Houston , 1:35 , p.m .
First impression : In the first meeting , the Raiders outscored the Texans 17-3 in the second half to improve to 8-2 . Derek Carr , who wo n't play , was 21 of 31 for 295 yards . The Raiders had their worst rushing game of the year , getting 30 yards on 20 carries . Houston had the ball for more than 36 minutes , but could n't convert on scoring opportunities . Anybody 's guess as to the starting quarterbacks . Houston has the more consistent defense . The Raiders offensive line , which could n't budge the Texans in Mexico City , have a challenge similar to the Denver offensive line after it got dominated in Oakland .
NFC : Detroit at Seattle , 5:15 p.m .
First impression : It is n't so much that the Seahawks lost and played their way out of the No . 2 seed so much as it happened in Seattle . Pete Carroll will still open at home , but an week earlier than they would have wished . That gives Detroit , 34-31 losers to Green Bay , a legitimate shot have been outscored 22.4-21.6 this season and are 9-7 . So it 's a tossup as to whether Matt Stafford , who somehow grew as a quarterback without Calvin Johnson , can deliver a playoff win .
SUNDAY
NFC : Miami at Pittsburgh , 1:05
First impression : Miami put up a fight for awhile but fell the Patriots behind backup quarterback Matt Moore . The Dolphins went 8-2 in their final 10 games and will play in rematch against a Steelers team it beat 30-15 in Week 6 . Both teams got much more consistent since then , although it 's not hard to give a Pittsburgh team that rested Ben Roethlisbeger , Le'Veon Bell and Antonio Brown and will play at home .
AFC : N.Y. Giants at Green Bay , 4:40 p .. m .
First impression : Seems like it should be all Aaron Rodgers over Eli Manning , given the way the Packers and Rodgers finished the season . Rodgers seemed out of sorts at midseason and finished with 40 touchdown passes and seven interceptions . Yet the Giants played well enough in situational football to average 19.4 points per game and go 11-5 . Eli Manning had 26 touchdown passes and 16 interceptions but did beat Rodgers 37-20 in the playoffs following the 2011 season .
Award-winning musical Cabaret , starring singer-songwriter Will Young and musician and presenter Louise Redknapp is coming to Edinburgh later this year .
It will see Will reprise their Olivier award-nominated performance as the enigmatic Emcee alongside Louise , who makes their stage debut as Sally Bowles in Rufus Norris ' multi-award winning production .
Young will star in Cabaret which is coming to Edinburgh later this year .
Cabaret turns the Weimar Berlin of 1931 into a sassy , sizzling haven of decadence and at its dark heart is the legendary and notorious Emcee , who performs nightly at the infamous Kit Kat Klub .
Since its Broadway premiere in 1966 and the famous movie version with Liza Minnelli and Oscar- winner Joel Grey , the musical has won a staggering number of stage and screen awards including eight Oscars , seven BAFTAs and 13 Tonys .
Norris ' production has enjoyed two smash hit West End runs and picked up two Olivier Awards .
Ever since they beat Gareth Gates in the inaugural series of Pop Idol in 2001 , Will Young has gone on to become one the UK 's most popular and successful music artists .
As well as enjoying a successful career in music with four number one albums , they also acted alongside Dame Judi Dench in the film Mrs Henderson Presents .
As for what people can expect from the show , Will said : “ I think primarily it 's a great story , one that is founded in history . It has a brilliant script and great choreography .
“ I would give it ten out of ten . Cabaret is entertaining and also has a great cast . ”
Explaining their role as Emcee , master of ceremonies at the Kit Kat Klub , they said : “ It 's madness , complete madness . They are just wonderfully eccentric , fabulous and sad .
“ He changes every time – they are the Grace Jones of the musical world . They are the character that leads the show and really pulls the audience in . ”
But Will 's favourite part of the show is performing Money .
“ I love performing that song , ” they said . “ It is good fun but there is a serious message behind it . ”
Will 's delighted to be working with Louise , the 2016 runner-up in BBC 's Strictly Come Dancing .
They said : “ She is a really nice person . I got to know them well on Strictly . They will make a fantastic Sally Bowles . ”
Cabaret will be at Edinburgh Playhouse from November 14 to 18 . Visit atgtickets.com/Edinburgh .
Police are looking for Thomas Farrell , pictured above , in connection with the theft .
Police are looking for a 47-year-old man who allegedly stole three rifles , a diamond ring and a Port Authority shield , among other items , from a woman they lived with for two weeks in Brooklyn .
The relationship between the suspect , identified as Thomas Farrell , and the 44-year-old victim was n't immediately clear , nor was it known why they lived with them so briefly at the Avenue P home in Bensonhurst .
Authorities say the victim reported the theft shortly after 3 p.m. Sunday . The victim told the cops Farrell stole cash , credit cards , boxes of ammunition and an Apple iPad along with the ring , guns and shield . The Port Authority shield belonged to a dead relative , authorities say .
Anyone with information on the suspect ( photo above ) is asked to call authorities .
BLOOMINGTON , Minn. — Fox and the NFL have agreed to a five-year deal for Thursday night football games .
Those games previously were televised by CBS and NBC , two of the league 's other network partners . But Fox announced Wednesday that it will televise 11 games between Weeks 4 and 15 , with simulcasts on NFL Network and Fox Deportes .
Fox , which has the Sunday afternoon NFC package , will produce all of the games .
`` This is a single partner deal , we are not splitting the package , '' NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said . `` We had tremendous amount of interest from all the broadcast partners , all of whom wanted it exclusively . We felt this was the best opportunity for the NFL to grow the Thursday night package . ''
Goodell added the league is exploring partnerships with digital outlets , also in conjunction with Fox .
Philadelphia Eagles ' Corey Graham celebrates after intercepting a pass during the second half of their NFC championship game against the Minnesota Vikings in Philadelphia on Jan. 21 . Matt Slocum / AP
The NFL has broadcast deals `` five years out '' with its other partners — ESPN has the Monday night package — so five years on this agreement made sense .
`` Fundamentally , Fox was built on football , '' said Peter Rice , the president of 21st Century Fox , nothing that 25 years ago , the NFC package `` helped launch a fledgling network into what it is today . ''
`` These opportunities come along very , very infrequently , '' they added . `` You either have the rights to the most-watched content in media or you do n't . If you do n't take the opportunity , this wo n't come up again for five years . We believe in buying the very best rights , and the best rights are the NFL . ''
CBS and NBC each paid $ 450 million for the previous two-year package .
The family of Wigan teacher Ann Maguire have lost their challenge against a coroner 's decision not to call evidence from pupils who had contact with their schoolboy killer immediately before the murder .
xMrs Maguire 's husband Don , children and nephews - who were not at London 's High Court for the ruling - wanted Mr Justice Holroyde to order the decision taken by assistant West Yorkshire coroner Kevin McLoughlin to be reconsidered .
Will Cornick
An inquest into Mrs Maguire 's death is due to take place before a jury at Wakefield Coroner 's Court in November .
The 61-year-old teacher was stabbed in the back by 15-year-old Will Cornick as they taught a Spanish class at Corpus Christi Catholic College in Leeds in April 2014 .
Cornick was later sentenced to life with a minimum term of 20 years .
Dismissing the claim for judicial review , the judge said : “ I have much sympathy for the claimants , and I fully understand their reasons for wishing to pursue this line of inquiry .
Mrs Maguire 's husband Don and daughter Kerry
“ For the reasons I have given , however , I am unable to accept the submission that the assistant coroner reached a decision which was so seriously flawed as to be ... unreasonable . ”
Counsel Nick Armstrong told the judge that it was the only occasion on which a teacher had been killed by a pupil in a British classroom and the family were anxious “ that all the lessons that can be learned from this enormous tragedy are learned ” .
They said the coroner accepted that the inquest should address school rules and policies about weapons in school , reporting the presence of weapons in school , and how those rules and policies had been communicated to students .
This was because that over the three hours before the murder , Cornick told other students what they intended to do , and showed a number of them the knife - yet no report to a member of staff was made , at least until it was too late .
The coroner said that all those students - now adults - were “ potentially vulnerable ” and were not to be re-approached , with the result that only transcripts of their interviews with police at the time would be adduced .
Mr Armstrong said this approach was unlawful as the decision was a blanket one based on limited and generic evidence about vulnerability generally .
Cathryn McGahey QC argued that the decision was lawfully open to the assistant coroner who was “ uniquely well-placed ” to make it .
The request to call the former pupils was opposed by other interested parties - including the sisters of Mrs Maguire , one of whom was an experienced teacher - who were concerned about the effect that giving evidence might have on these young people , they added .
And Leeds City Council had said the facts regarding the morning of the incident were already clear and required no duplication of inquiry .
Ms McGahey said : “ The key issue was the usefulness of the evidence that these students could give .
“ The coroner was entitled to reach the view that the benefit of calling the students would be limited . ”
It was a school without a history of violence and therefore without any reason for there to be any express but unwritten rule or policy .
Most of the students told the police they had not taken Cornick 's threats seriously and the transcripts of their contemporaneous interviews would be available .
The evidence of teaching staff , who had experience of the attitudes of hundreds of students of varying ages , was likely to be far more reliable and useful .
Yogi Amin , partner at law firm Irwin Mitchell , said : “ Ann Maguire 's family will now take stock and discuss the options with their legal team .
“ They remain committed to finding out the truth and exactly what happened on the day Ann was killed through a thorough , open and fair process .
“ They believe it is the only way that lessons will be learned from the incident . ”
In their ruling , the judge said that in pursuing their “ understandable and commendable ” wish to assist , the claimants would never be able to point to the evidence of a handful of former pupils as being necessarily representative of the understanding and likely response of school pupils as a body .
“ Inevitably , therefore , questioning of any former pupil who was called as a witness would come down to an investigation of how they or they individually perceived the risk posed by William Cornick and why they or they did not report William Cornick to a member of staff .
“ Thus , inevitably , there would be a substantial risk that any individual student questioned about such matters would feel that they or they were being criticised and perhaps even blamed for the death . ”
They added : “ In striking the balance which they did , the assistant coroner was entitled to conclude that there was a clear risk of harm to former pupils in calling them to give evidence , but that there was little prospect of their oral evidence assisting materially in ascertaining the circumstances of Mrs Maguire 's death or in learning lessons for the future .
“ There were arguments both for and against calling the interviewed pupils as witnesses , and there was room for different views as to how the balance should be struck ; but the assistant coroner took the relevant matters into account , and it is in my judgment impossible to say that their conclusion was not one which was properly open to him . ”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson has admitted that two of the Eagles ' January signings need more time to be ready for Premier League football .
Swedish midfielder Erdal Rakip and Polish defender Jaroslaw Jach joined Palace last month , but are yet to feature for the Eagles , with Hodgson admitting last week that they were not ready to play in the Premier League .
They reiterated that view this week , but the Eagles manager confirmed that they will play in a red and blue shirt for the first time on Monday , as Palace 's U23 side face Charlton Athletic in the Professional Development League .
`` They will play on Monday in the U23 team , '' they said .
`` You must remember Erdal [ Rakip ] is a very young player , who has come from Malmo and it was a no-brainer really to bring them here on loan , rather than let them go somewhere else .
`` But to be fair to them and Jaro [ Jach ] they will need a lot more time to assimilate to Premier League football , and furthermore they were signings that were a little bit different .
`` They were signed to give us more cover and more help , because with Mamadou Sakho back fit and the other two centre backs playing so well , it will take a while for Jaroslaw [ Jach ] to get in front of those three .
`` And with Erdal , it will take a while for them to get in front of the other players , especially now that Chung-yong Lee has stayed . ''
Meanwhile , Hodgson has confirmed that Palace 's other January signing - Norwegian striker Alexander Sorloth - will be included in their squad to face Newcastle United tomorrow ( Sunday ) .
To see a video interview with Sorloth after their arrival was confirmed on deadline day , click play above .
ATLANTA — It 's great to have a great quarterback , but Nick Saban does n't need one . The coach has won five national championships with four different starting quarterbacks — Matt Mauck ( at LSU ) , Greg McElroy , A.J . McCarron and Jacob Coker — and is one win away from having just the second team to win a national title with a true first-year student — Jalen Hurts — under center .
What Saban always seeks is a power running back , an unstoppable beast who could be fed over and over , wearing down opposing defenses , while getting stronger as the game goes on . The Crimson Tide rode Mark Ingram in 2009 to the school 's first national championship in 17 years , and claimed three of the past five national titles behind Trent Richardson , Eddie Lacy and Derrick Henry .
Now , Bo Scarbrough has unexpectedly snatched the torch after setting an Alabama bowl record with 180 yards rushing and two touchdowns in a 24-7 win over Washington in the College Football Playoff semifinals , emerging as Alabama 's most important offensive player heading into a national championship rematch with Clemson .
“ You guys know me , whoever 's hot , that 's who 's going to get the ball and he 's been hot lately and he 's going to get the ball , ” Saban said Saturday .
“ He 's got great size and speed . They can run behind their pads . He 's got good vision . He 's a good receiver and they can block . So they can do all the things that any good running back can do . ”
While Saban 's previous backs were stars during the title seasons — Ingram and Henry took home the Heisman Trophy — Scarbrough finished the regular season fourth on the team in rushing yards , eclipsing 100 yards just once in two seasons . This year , the sophomore averaged 21.6 yards in the first five games of the season , and had a stretch of eight straight games with eight carries or fewer .
But since missing two games with a knee injury , Scarbrough has run for at least 90 yards in three straight games and averaged 7.7 yards per carry , most recently stealing the spotlight with a career-high 19 rushes .
The talent was always there . Unfortunately , injuries were always there , too .
A five-star recruit out of high school in Florida , Scarbrough suffered three major injuries before they arrived at Alabama , and then tore their ACL in April 2015 , appearing in just four games as a first-year student , while receiving just 18 carries .
“ By having so many injuries , it 's really a mind thing , ” Scarbrough said . “ You ca n't let your mind take over your body . You just got to keep pushing and keep pushing . That 's what I did . I worked at it every day . ”
With Hurts badly struggling during most of the Peach Bowl , Scarbrough ensured Alabama would have a chance to defend its national title , running for 9.5 yards per carry against the 20th-ranked run defense in the country .
Washington knew what was coming and could n't do anything about it .
On Scarbrough 's 18-yard touchdown run to tie the game in the first quarter , four Huskies could n't bring them down . On their 68-yard game-sealing score , no one could catch them
“ They do n't make many guys that big and that fast , ” Alabama offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin said .
When they do , though , they usually end up in Alabama 's backfield .
Ryan Cabrera addresses dating life amid Avril romance buzz Cabrera played coy while talking to Page Six on Wednesday night .
Is Avril Lavigne and Chad Kroeger back together ? The former couple attended Sunday 's Juno awards arm-in-arm seven months after calling off their marriage .
There 'd be no Taylor Swift or Katy Perry without Alanis Morissette Forget the tired old jokes about how the lyrics to “ Ironic ” are n't really ironic , because Alanis Morissette 's “ Jagged Little Pill ” has been responsible for more great pop culture than many ...
Avril Lavigne continues their fight against Lyme disease “ On my way to good health # TakingCareofMyself , ” the `` Sk8er Boy '' singer captioned a photo from a trip to the doctor 's office Tuesday .
The Ghana Investment Fund for Electronic Communications ( GIFEC ) has rolled out 54 Rural Telephony Project ( RTP ) sites to help extend the coverage of wireless mobile telephone services to rural communities nationwide .
A statement signed by Ms Veronica Commey , Senior Corporate Affairs Manager , GIFEC , said all 54 sites are currently operational .
The project , which is being undertaken in collaboration between GIFEC , Ericson and mobile telecommunications giants MTN , cost $ 12 million .
GIFEC in collaboration with Ericson and MTN earlier in the year signed a Memorandum of Understanding constructing 55 sites using the GIFEC model and a further 25 sites under the GIFEC Satellite HUB project launched in Accra last week .
GIFEC spearheaded the acquisition of land permits , while MTN is the service provider with Ericsson supplying the infrastructure and maintenance support .
The construction of the masts under the project will help improve the communication coverage in the country .
The ultimate objective of the project is to achieve virtually 100 per cent mobile telephone service coverage throughout the country , and to also increase telephone subscribership to as many citizens as possible .
The purpose of the Rural Telephony Project is to extend the coverage of wireless mobile telephone services as far as possible into all areas of the country where access to such services is not adequately available , and where existing licensed operators have proven unwilling or unable to expand their networks , due to commercial , geographical or other constraints .
The project required the installation and operation of appropriate network and infrastructure although the precise configurations for each location and project were technology-neutral and determined on a case-by- case basis .
The criteria for the site selection and implementation of the RTP project include a formal request by the communities or villages with no existing services from the operators , communities with population of one thousand ( 1,000 ) or more , areas where the Mobile Network Operators ( MNO ) , would ordinarily not go but yet need connectivity and through requests from relevant stakeholders .
–
Source : GNA
LEANDER , Texas ( KXAN ) — Hair , make-up , high heels and formal dresses … it 's that time : prom season . And this year , the winning prom queen at Leander High School made a surprising move on the dance floor .
Leander High seniors Abby Cano and Keilany Solano were two of five 2017 prom queen nominees . But when Solano 's name was called as the winner , they surprised their classmates by taking the crown and the sash and placing them on Cano for a real-life fairy-tale ending .
Solano and Cano have been long-time classmates who really did n't know each other very well . Cano lives with Down syndrome , and they are much-loved and admired at the school . She 's very well known for walking down the school 's hallways and giving everyone high-fives .
That sense of cheer and joy may have inspired what happened next .
“ We were in the middle of the dance floor . They had just announced me , and I went up and took a picture with my boyfriend who had also won , Daniel , and then I turned around and saw Abby , ” Solano said .
They said their next moves were not planned in advance . Solano immediately took their tiara and sash and placed them on Cano .
“ I did it because I knew at that moment they would be even happier than me , and I felt like they deserved it more , ” Solano said .
Cano 's mother , Sabrina Wycoff , said they were surprised and touched by the gesture .
“ I was , like , ‘ Oh , my gosh ! ' ” Wycoff said . “ So there is a picture of them and their sash and the tiara — I was , like , ‘ Wow , Abby 's the prom queen ! ' That 's amazing . ”
They said their daughter has always been treated with respect throughout their years in school , and this was one more example of that .
“ From the time they started here in first grade all the way through their senior year in high school , they have had the most amazing experiences of people being really , really kind to them and doing these wonderful things for her . ”
And Cano 's confidence is contagious . “ I like to pose , ” they said while striking one during their interview and making it clear that they have this royalty thing down .
Them room is filled with action figures of women wrestlers that they started collecting about a year ago .
“ Every time I look at them , I think of tough and amazing — tough and amazing , ” Cano said .
Just like this prom queen .
Image caption Farmers and herders now work together in the new mine
Environmental changes have caused tensions between settled farmers and nomadic herders in Nigeria to flare into ethnic conflict .
But could working together to serve the demands of modern consumers heal ancient ethnic rifts , asks BBC World Service correspondent Stephanie Hegarty .
As the sun sets over the stony hills of Jos , long-horn cows climb awkwardly down into a rocky gorge . They shimmy their bony shoulders , navigating a path worn into the stone over decades of this same grazing ritual .
In this picture-postcard of serenity it 's hard to imagine that until recently this community in central Nigeria was at war with itself .
It 's one of the world 's most ancient conflicts .
Across the northern part of Africa the desert is creeping outwards , swallowing up fertile green land and pushing Fulani herdsmen into conflict with farmers over grazing rights .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'We did n't believe we could work together '
`` My people would kill them , '' says Henry Botson , a man in their 30s from the Berom tribe . They live in Barkin Ladi , Plateau state , where in 2011 a brutal conflict flared between their people and their neighbours .
`` And if we passed into their own territory they would kill my people . ''
Mr Botson is short and stocky , wearing a green beret with a miniature AK-47 assault rifle on a silver chain around their neck .
And this is part of the problem . Since the collapse of Libya , guns have flooded into West Africa , most of them ending up in Nigeria .
Image copyright STR/AFP/Getty Images Image caption Mass burials - like this in Dogo Nahaw - have been a common thing during the conflict
In Barkin Ladi , 268km ( 167 miles ) east of the capital Abuja , the period of more than five years in which thousands of people were killed in ethnic clashes is simply labelled `` the crisis '' . The death rate across central and southern Nigeria averaged more than 2,000 a year between 2011 and 2016 , according to campaign group Crisis International .
`` The Fulani man destroyed the Berom man 's farm , and the Berom man killed the Fulani man 's cattle and the children rearing the cattle , '' says Farouk Abubaker , a tall , well-built Fulani man in a dusty beige tunic .
`` We saw them as very wicked people . We saw them as barbarians because they killed little children and women , even pregnant women .
`` A lot of horrible things happened - but all that is now history . ''
Because two years ago , it stopped .
Tin deposits were discovered nearby , just as global prices - driven by demand from electronic components manufacturers - were rising .
Now Mr Abubaker and Mr Botson work together on the same mining shaft , digging for the metal along the same narrow gorge that Fulani herders and their cattle pass through every day .
Image caption Dangerous work : Many people have died in shaft collapses
It 's a hole in the ground as much as 40ft ( 12m ) deep and just wide enough for one man to crawl into .
Using a bucket , shovels and a pulley system made from tree-trunks and a cable , these men plunge into the earth pulling out balefuls of dirt . It 's dangerous work - many have died when mine shafts have collapsed - and they have to trust each other .
`` I 'm really surprised , '' Mr Botson says . `` I did n't believe that we could live together like this ; work together , talk together and do something like this together . ''
Image caption A pulley system is made from tree-trunks and a cable
Image caption Workers then pan for precious tin
From dawn , the mine buzzes with the sound of hundreds of men , women and even children .
Some of them crouch over shallow streams , sloshing the ochre-coloured dirt around in buckets until a dark grey metal appears . Others sell head torches , tools and batteries , or clear plastic bags of water and freshly cooked food .
Everywhere on this mine Fulani and Berom are working together in small teams . But how ?
When a new governor was elected in Plateau state in 2015 , they promised to bring an end to the crisis .
When they hired Joseph Lengmang , 42 , as head of the Plateau State Peace Building Agency , many doubted whether a man that young would have the authority to summon local elders to sit down together .
`` This government inherited an almost anarchic environment , '' Mr Lengmang recalls .
`` It took quite some time . When it started they were shouting at each other , it looked like there would be violence . But we got experienced mediators ... in the end we had a peace accord '' .
Image copyright PPBA/Facebook Image caption The Plateau Peace Building Agency 's work continues across the state
Plateau state has been balancing on the precipice of a delicate peace ever since , with the ethnic conflict becoming a national crisis . Clashes occur across the country 's Middle Belt almost every week , and six people were recently killed in Barkin Ladi .
Many also blame local and national politicians for stoking the tension to rouse support as Nigeria enters an election year .
It comes against a backdrop of three years of high inflation . While food prices have risen , so has the cost of fertilizers and fuel . And while many farmers rely on second jobs to subsidise meagre yields , unemployment has rocketed since 2013 .
Mr Lengmang believes operations like the one in Barkin Ladi have a part to play in keeping the peace .
`` It 's very , very important ... a means of livelihood to many people '' , they say . `` They 've learnt also in the experience they 've had ... if there is chaos and instability and violence , everybody loses '' .
However , they add that there can be tension even among those working together in the mines , if the proceeds of their labour are shared `` fairly '' .
Thomas Johji was one of a small group of Berom men who discovered this particular tin deposit a few months ago . As it was in the middle of a Fulani grazing area , it was crucial to get their neighbours ' co-operation . So they invited Fulani people to mine with them .
Mr Johji is in their 20s and does n't remember how `` the crisis '' began .
`` Now we can even sleep here in the bush with the Fulani ; wake up together , play together , '' they say . `` The Fulani have forgotten about what happened , and we are trying to forget too . ''
It may not be that easy for most people . A deep sense of mistrust persists between the ethnic groups .
One Berom woman working at an older tin deposit nearby says they feel uncomfortable around Fulani people . They find it difficult to trust those they say killed many of their friends and relatives .
`` Even now we are afraid - but it is up to God , '' they say , adding that they are here out of pure necessity . `` If you stay home , how will you eat ? ''
Mr Lengmang accepts Plateau state 's uneasy peace is not yet sustainable .
`` There are legitimate grievances that have not been addressed and a deep-seated sense of mistrust between ethnic groups , '' they say . `` The mining process has to be more inclusive . ''
When tin deposits become scarce , fighting is bound to erupt over resources .
Mr Lengmang says miners have a role to play in peace-building . Their agency is exploring whether they could lead training in conflict resolution , or encourage parties to sign peace accords before they start work on a deposit .
But Mr Abubaker believes the industry is already doing something to foster peace .
`` Mining promotes unity and understanding among the different tribes , '' they say , `` just as football does . ''
`` It makes us happy . I pray - and hope - that we are able to sustain it . ''
Crossing Divides
Crossing Divides : a week of stories about people creating connections in a polarised world .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How to survive a difficult conversation
Do you have experience of building bridges within divided communities ? Share them with us by emailing haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk .
You can also contact us in the following ways :
Families should overcome the `` fatal reluctance '' to talk aboutorgan donation , the Health Secretary urged as they launched a consultation into plans for an opt-out system .
Jeremy Hunt said people need to have an open conversation and make their wishes clear to relatives in order to save the lives of patients waiting for a transplant .
Prime Minister Theresa May announced in October that the Government will shift towards an organ donation system in England which presumes consent .
Mr Hunt said : `` Every day three people die for want of a transplant , which is why our historic plans to transform the way organ donation works are so important .
`` We want as many people as possible to have their say as we shape the new opt-out process .
`` But as well as changing the law , we also need to change the conversation - it can be a difficult subject to broach , but overcoming this fatal reluctance to talk openly about our wishes is key to saving many more lives in the future . ''
Around 6,500 people are currently waiting for a transplant in the UK , but in the past year 1,100 families decided not to allow organ donation because they were unsure or did not know whether their relatives would have wanted to donate , according to NHS Blood and Transplant .
While 80 % of people say they would be willing to donate their organs , only 36 % are officially registered and just half of adults on the register have discussed their wishes with a family member , the Department for Health said .
The consultation , launched on Tuesday , will examine issues including how much say a family should have over a person 's decision to donate their organs , how different groups will be affected by the new system and when exemptions to `` opt-out '' might be needed .
Millie Banerjee , chairperson of NHS Blood and Transplant , said : `` We support any initiative which leads to more organ donors and more lives being saved .
`` We hope the consultation starts a national conversation about organ donation . If you want to donate , please tell your family now . ''
Simon Gillespie , chief executive of the British Heart Foundation , said : `` Introducing an opt-out system in England will mean more people get the life-saving heart transplant they desperately need .
`` In the meantime , it 's still important for all of us to have conversations with our loved ones about organ donation so our wishes can be met if the worst should happen . ''
The consultation , which is available online , will close on March 6 .
RICHMOND HILL , Ont . — The man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto was briefly a member of the Canadian Armed Forces last year , a government spokesperson said .
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23 , 2017 until Oct. 25 , 2017 , a spokesperson with the Department of National Defence said .
`` He did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training , '' said Jessica Lamirande .
Minassian , a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill , Ont. , was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder .
Ten people were killed and 15 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk and drove into pedestrians along a busy stretch of a north Toronto street on Monday afternoon .
Minassian had attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill , graduating in 2011 , according to school officials , who declined to provide further details .
A LinkedIn page with Minassian 's name and photograph lists them as a student at Seneca College from 2011 to this year .
The area surrounding Minassian 's Richmond Hill , Ont. , home , just 20 minutes north of where the van incident took place , was cordoned off with police tape on Tuesday morning , with officers entering the home a few times to speak to someone inside .
The few neighbours that were around said they did n't know the family well , but had noticed that its members kept to themselves .
By The Canadian Press
If you want to shop where clothes are falling off hangers , where do you go ?
Beach bikinis and denim cut-offs ? Velvet platforms and embroidered espadrilles ? There 's only one place to head , but how do you say it ? VOTE NOW !
Perhaps we should all move to Ireland , where it 's Penneys . Safer all round .
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away Pause
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement ?
A teenager apologised to magistrates after drinking lager and breaching the peace .
Police were called over concerns for 18-year-old Chloe Allmark , of Walpole Avenue , Worsley Mesnes . While officers spoke to their parents , who had not heard from her , they were contacted to say Allmark was at the McDonald 's restaurant where they worked .
Wigan magistrates heard they were in a “ very intoxicated , dishevelled state ” and had alcohol with them
Police took their home , but they were “ abusive ” and would not get out of the van .
The court was told their stepfather feared they would damage their home , so officers felt they had no choice but to arrest them
The student apologised to justices for breaching the peace , said they believed they had lost their job , and agreed to be bound over to the sum of £50 for 12 months .
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue , watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel . Today they help the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist .
Last month , the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa . Them work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB .
`` Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work . But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play , '' says Mathabire .
In Zimbabwe 's bustling capital , Harare , Mathabire earned high enough points in their studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy , occupational therapy or nursing at university . They chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in their family . In 2008 , they were between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems . Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders .
The work took them into some of Africa 's grimmest situations . They helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV , tuberculosis , pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe . Then they supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus . After that , they worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan , treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war .
In 2015 , they were recruited for their first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders , work that would eventually earn them an International AIDS Society prize . They knew that TB was the No . 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from their previous work , but they did n't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until they read the study 's protocol . They were eager to get started on the project .
For two years , Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients , who are more susceptible to the infection .
In Malawi and Mozambique , HIV is the leading cause of death . It is often spread through unprotected sex , and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi 's and 24 percent of Mozambique 's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death . Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in their early 30s who left a clinic untreated . The rapid test , which analyzes a molecule in the patient 's urine with a paper strip , had shown that they had TB . A coughing test did n't . But doctors were n't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man . It had n't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization 's policy guidance . The man died before they could go back to get help .
Their story was n't unique , Mathabire says . `` It 's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening , '' they say . `` You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing . ''
Under normal circumstances , patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB . Mathabire 's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results , but the wait could drag on for months .
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care , including tuberculosis treatment , patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits . And more remote clinics do n't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals .
With the rapid TB test , sick patients could begin treatment the same day . Mathabire 's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour . Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours . And doctors , nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips .
Mathabire also found that patients were n't skeptical of a new method . They really wanted to take the high-tech test . Mainly peasant farmers , they took the words of the health workers seriously . `` Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [ and opportunistic infections ] in a terrible way , '' they say . It was like that in Zimbabwe too .
The team 's findings , published by Doctors Without Borders this year , has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing . It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems , meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients .
In a statement , International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire 's research will `` support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic . ''
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis . But their award-winning research is n't the only major event of their summer .
They moved to Falun , central Sweden , to marry an infectious disease specialist whom they worked with in Zimbabwe . True to their early love of fashion , she 's sewing their own wedding dress , with glass beads , silk and lace .
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science , culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic , The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian . You can contact them @ SashaIngber .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — Floyd Mayweather Jr. and UFC star Conor McGregor will meet Aug. 26 in a boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world .
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday , after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would come out of retirement at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing match .
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules .
“ It 's official , ” Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters .
“ THE FIGHT IS ON , ” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier , posting a picture of themselves next to one of Mayweather 's father , Floyd Sr .
Mayweather , who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights , will face the Irish UFC superstar at the MGM Grand arena . They had tweeted a picture of themselves sparring in recent days to show they were already getting ready for the bout .
“ This is really an unprecedented event , ” said Stephen Espinoza , who heads Showtime Sports , which will handle the pay-per-view . “ Really we have n't seen anything in modern history that resembles it , it 's impossible to predict how many sales this will do . ”
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather 's team pushed for the fight in recent days .
“ All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done , ” they said . “ The sky 's the limit on this . ”
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 40 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months . It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout .
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite , the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world . It has also intrigued some in boxing , though most dismiss McGregor 's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history .
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup , the run-up to the fight will . Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights , and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts .
“ As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it , ” Espinoza said .
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars . It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys .
Get ready for the smartphone slapdown of the summer .
Samsung and Apple are both expected to announce new phones in the next few weeks . If the leaks are any indication , the flagship devices should make this an especially enticing year for tech .
`` This is going to be one of the biggest years of the battle [ between Samsung and Apple ] that we have ever seen , '' Patrick Moorhead , principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy , told NBC News .
Apple has been following a September launch cycle , but this one will be particularly special , marking the 10th anniversary of the iPhone . Apple , of course is n't commenting . But revenue projections of $ 49 billion to $ 52 billion for the next quarter indicate Apple may have something big in store .
As for Samsung , the company missed out on a showdown with Apple last year after the Note 7 caught fire — literally — ultimately prompting Samsung to pull the phones and cease production .
Related : The iPhone is Turning 10
But this year , all signs are pointing to the company being ready to wow , likely with a new Galaxy Note 8 at its Unpacked event in New York City on August 23 .
Mobile reporter Evan Blass , known for getting their hands on all of the good leaks , first tweeted photos of what is purported to be the smartphone .
When it rains etc . pic.twitter.com/D0lFR5Wn1B — Evan Blass ( @ evleaks ) August 1 , 2017
It has the same edge-to-edge Infinity Display as Samsung 's Galaxy S8 , giving it a sleek look while also maximizing the screen real estate . Like the S8 , the fingerprint sensor is once again on the back , next to the phone 's dual cameras . And of course , there 's a stylus — one of the reasons why the Note series has such a loyal following , according to Moorhead .
Samsung is building momentum after the release of the Galaxy S8 earlier this year and remains the No . 1 smartphone player in terms of market share , but Moorhead said this is finally the year we have a true `` battle '' between Samsung and what he 's calling the `` iPhone X . ''
It 's expected Apple 's newest generation of iPhones will have edge-to-edge displays worthy of rivaling Samsung .
Developers have been busy sifting through code — particularly in the recently released firmware for the Home Pod , Apple 's smart speaker that goes on sale at the end of this year .
In the code , developers they say they 've found hints about what we can expect from the iPhone 8 . Steve Troughton-Smith reported on Twitter that the new iPhone will have facial recognition technology . The finding was also confirmed by iOS developer Guilherme Rambo on Twitter .
I can confirm reports that HomePod 's firmware reveals the existence of upcoming iPhone 's infra-red face unlock in BiometricKit and elsewhere pic.twitter.com/yLsgCx7OTZ — Steve T-S ( @ stroughtonsmith ) July 31 , 2017
It 's a feature that has already been implemented in Samsung 's previous two releases , allowing you to unlock your phone with a glance .
`` Apple is typically not the first one with a specific feature . It 's typically Samsung , '' Moorhead said . `` But Apple prides itself on being the best implementation of something . ''
While Apple may have made a rare misstep in releasing the clues in the Home Pod firmware , it 's also worth noting that nothing has yet been confirmed by the company . For that , we 're likely going to have to wait until September .
I have mixed emotions about “ Hit the Road , ” a new AT & T Audience Network sitcom starring Jason Alexander . On the one hand , this 10-episode series about a dysfunctional family band — ...
FEATURE : The maiden introduction of the data-tracking playing ball at the VELUX EHF FINAL4 marks another successful innovation on the handball courts .
World premiere of iBall inspires the future
The summer break in the club season is a perfect time to look back at a revolutionary development of the previous season on the innovation field .
At the VELUX EHF FINAL4 2018 in Cologne the iBall was used for the first time to provide enhanced excitement to all fans following the final race for the most coveted trophy .
For all four matches in the LANXESS arena , the balls from the EHF 's official ball supplier SELECT were equipped with a Kinexon tracking chip , raising Europe 's marquee club handball event to a new level of live sports content .
The success story of this pioneer project started only one year before the event at the European Handball Goes Tech event in Cologne . Throughout the past 2017/18 season all stakeholders in this adventure the prototypes were tested and as the outcome was positive the decision was made to bring it for the fans at the LANXESS arena .
“ It was so exciting to see the iBall in action at the FINAL4 2018 in Cologne . We distributed the data live and in real time to broadcasters , social media channels and our event app and the feedback we received was extremely positive , ” David Szlezak , EHF Marketing Managing Director said .
As the objective was to reach the largest audience possible the data output was adjusted for the TV . The developing companies partnered up together with the service provider TV Graphics which covered the data inclusion part for the world feed . In addition all commentators were provided with the data through their information system and were able to see it for their storytelling .
But the global TV audience was not the only benefitting side as also the users of the official VELUX EHF FINAL4 app at the venue or at home and the official competition website 's ( ehfCL.com ) were provided with real-time data and statistics they never had seen before during the coverage of a handball match .
In addition , the organisers have hired an on-site data journalist , who was checking all the data and identifying the most interesting facts , which were then forwarded to the official social media channels for the video and graphic production .
What kind of # iball information would you like to have for the future ? ⚽️ # veluxehfcl @ kinexon pic.twitter.com/g112wT2I6o — EHF Champions League ( @ ehfcl ) July 3 , 2018
The fastest shot of the weekend ? PSG 's Nikola Karabatic fired a rocket of 139 km/h . The slowest goal ? Montpellier 's Michaël Guigou scored a seven-metre lob at 27 km/h . The furthest goal ? Again Guigou , who found the net from a 19.5-meter distance . In which corner did Montpellier 's Diego Simonet prefer to score ? It did n't matter to the MVP as they evenly divided their six goals in the final against Nantes between left and right .
“ It required a lot of internal power and creativity to present this world premiere at the highest level of club handball and after evaluating we are very satisfied with the result . We believe that providing relevant data combined with exciting storytelling is one of the core duties of handball towards the fans and the iBall consequently is an important step into the digital future of European handball , ” Szlezak added .
The introduction of the iBall has been yet another innovative example of the ongoing efforts by EHF Marketing GmbH to tap into new territories when it comes to offering handball fans the best possible coverage of European club handball and the VELUX EHF FINAL4 in particular .
TEXT :
Image caption Karen and William Flett died in July
A couple whose bodies were found at their home in Aberdeen died from `` sharp force injuries '' .
Karen Flett , 57 , and their husband William Flett , 56 , died at the house in Cornhill Terrace in July .
Mrs Flett died from `` penetrating sharp force injuries to trunk and neck '' , according to their death certificate . Mr Flett died from `` sharp force injuries to neck , left wrist and hands '' .
Police are not looking for anyone else in relation to the incident .
Officers were investigating if the deaths were as a result of a murder-suicide .
Mr Flett was a taxi driver and their wife a nursing home care assistant .
The death certificates were obtained by BBC Scotland on Monday .
A statement from the couple 's family last month said : `` We are completely devastated by our loss and will help each other through this extremely difficult time . ''
Why it matters to you The EOS M6 shares the same internal tech as the M5 , but in a body style akin to the M3 , giving enthusiast shooters a compact but feature-rich option .
Canon 's flagship mirrorless camera , the EOS M5 , is only about six months old , but already the company has seen fit as to create a lower-end camera that uses the M5 's tech : the EOS M6 . Despite the confusing nomenclature , the M6 is actually a replacement of the EOS M3 and will hold the middle ground in Canon 's mirrorless lineup , with the M5 above it and the M10 below it . It boasts much of the same functionality as the M5 , but uses the older body style of the M3 , which gives enthusiast shooters a feature-rich mirrorless camera in a more compact size .
With its lack of a built-in electronic viewfinder , the M6 wo n't be mistaken for the M5 on looks . However , it is difficult to differentiate between the two based on specifications . The M6 is built around the same 24-megapixel APS-C sensor with Dual Pixel autofocus and Digic 7 processor . The camera shoots at seven frames per second , or nine with AF locked . It also uses the same Combination IS system , providing up to 5-axis image stabilization between lens-based optical and internal electronic stabilization .
More : Canon EOS M5 review
The three-inch LCD touchscreen returns , which can articulate 180-degrees up for your selfie shooting pleasure and up to 45-degrees down for those tricky high-angle shots . The control layout is almost identical to the M3 , but the M6 does add a control dial beneath the exposure compensation wheel and replaces the hard-to-reach power button with a mechanical on/off switch . Thanks to built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth , the camera can also be controlled via Android or iOS devices with the Canon Camera Connect app .
While the M6 does n't feature a built-in EVF , photographers will have the option of adding one thanks to the new EVF-DC2 . The add-on EVF is smaller and lighter than Canon 's previous version for EOS M cameras and features a 2.36-million-dot resolution . Like the M6 , the new EVF will be available in both black and silver finishes to match the color of the camera body .
As with the M5 , the M6 's video mode is stuck at Full HD 1080p/60 . While we would n't expect a lower-end model to offer better video than the still-new M5 , this is another reminder that Canon is lagging behind the mirrorless competition when it comes to video specs . The M6 will be competing against cameras like the less-expensive Panasonic Lumix GX85 , which does n't match the sensor size or resolution of the Canon , but does offer 4K video as well as sensor-shift five-axis stabilization .
The EOS M6 will be available in April with prices starting at $ 780 for the body only , $ 200 less than the EOS M5 . Users also have the option of buying it as a kit with the EF-M 15-45mm f/3.5-6.3 lens for $ 900 or with the EF-M 18-150mm f/3.5-6.3 lens for $ 1,280 . Canon has yet to announce pricing on the EVF-DC2 , but the previous EVF-DC1 sells for $ 200 . Assuming the new version is at least that expensive , customers who choose to purchase both the M6 and the EVF will be paying as much or more than the price of an M5 .
SURFACING Jump on the Bandwagon of a Winning Super Bowl Team ? Not These Cleveland Browns Fans Meet the superfans of a struggling franchise in the National Football League . Image Denny Kochever , known as “ Dawg Face , ” standing in front of their seats in the Dawg Pound section of the Cleveland Browns ' FirstEnergy Stadium . Credit Stephen Hiltner/The New York Times
CLEVELAND — It all started with a “ woof . ”
In 1985 , Hanford Dixon and Frank Minnifield , cornerbacks for the Cleveland Browns , began barking at their defensive linemen — an unconventional rallying cry . Nearby fans overheard the antics and returned their own barks .
By the end of the season — after spending months popularizing the phenomenon in practices , games and during interviews — Dixon and Minnifield had established a new identity for the Browns ' defense : the Dawgs .
It was n't long before a large section of the Browns ' home field , Municipal Stadium , in the cheap bleacher seats beyond the stadium 's eastern end zone , was named the “ Dawg Pound. ” There , among a clientele that consisted largely of blue-collar Clevelanders , in a city characterized by its resilience and still gripped by the demise of its once-booming steel industry , grew something strange and wonderful .
Image Yes , that fan is holding a can of Alpo dog food in September 1995. Credit David Liam Kyle/Sports Illustrated , via Getty Images
The Dawg Pound was a kind of cultural caldron , and the people who occupied its bleacher seats were pioneers of a new form of fandom . First they barked . Then they donned dog masks and carried fistfuls of Milk-Bone dog biscuits into the stadium . Over time , their costumes and props became more and more outlandish : oversize bones , ornamental necklaces , hard hats , massive floppy ears . Then came the names and the fixed personas : D. Dawg , who wore a rabid dog mask and carried a cowbell . Dawg Face , who wore No . 30 and , no matter the temperature , always wore shorts . There was Big Dawg , who sported No . 98 ; Mobile Dawg , who was known for traveling to away games ; Junkyard Dawg ; Jam Dawg ; Sick Dawg ; Fly Dawg ; Mad Dawg ; and Ugly Dawg .
“ We were Browns junkies , ” said Mike Randall , who went by Dawg Pound Mike .
The Dawg Pound 's enthusiasm spread throughout Northeast Ohio . Fans recorded songs dedicated to the Browns — fawning odes that hit the market on records and cassette tapes and flooded the local radio shows .
“ The Dawgs are barking ; they 're all having fun , ” went one chart-topper , a paean to the Browns ' beloved quarterback at the time , Bernie Kosar . Another consisted of a rock ballad interspersed with dog barks . Yet another celebrated — in the '80s sense of the word “ bad ” — the “ Bad , Bad Cleveland Browns . ”
Within the stadium , though , things were n't always lighthearted . There was a rough-and-tumble side to the Dawg Pound — a dark side , an overtly problematic side . “ By today 's standards , it was a violent section , ” said Vince Erwin , the man behind D. Dawg . Things often descended into hooliganism . Kegs were smuggled in . During contentious , heated games , fans were apt to hurl objects at the opposing team : dog biscuits , snowballs , beer cups .
“ It was an intimidating group , ” recalled John “ Big Dawg ” Thompson , who , at the height of their Dawg Pound fame , was one of the most famous sports fans in the country .
In 1995 — in what remains the most infamous moment in Cleveland sports history — the then owner Art Modell announced their plans to relocate the team to Baltimore . When the Browns played their final game at Municipal Stadium , fans in the Dawg Pound dismantled their wooden bleacher seats with wrenches and hacksaws . Elsewhere in the stadium , a whole set of seats was ripped out and passed overhead from row to row , and finally dumped onto the field in protest .
For more Surfacing pieces , like one on a Jamaican synchronized swimming team , click here .
Image Rowdy much ? Cleveland Browns fans , angry at the team 's decision to move to Baltimore , threw a row of seats onto the field after the Brown 's victory over the Bengals in December 1995. Credit Stephen Dunn/Getty Images
“ That was a scary day , ” recalled Denny Kochever , the man behind the Dawg Face persona , with an audible tinge of emotion . “ Scary and sad . ”
A year later , Municipal Stadium was demolished — and the original Dawg Pound section went with it .
By anyone 's standards , today 's Cleveland Browns — reborn as an expansion franchise in 1999 , along with a new stadium and a new , fancier Dawg Pound — are the worst team in the National Football League . The Browns lost every game in the 2017 season , finishing 0-16 , a low matched by only one other team in league history , the 2008 Detroit Lions . Their record over the last two years is an abominable 1-31 . Since relaunching the franchise , the Browns have fielded no less than 28 starting quarterbacks and have burned through eight head coaches . ( Hue Jackson , hired in 2016 , is the ninth . ) The last 19 years have yielded only two winning seasons and a single playoff appearance .
Nevertheless , an estimated 3,000 fans held a parade in January for the team 's “ perfect season. ” ( For some , it offered a chance to show their undying support — or to finally be in on the joke . For others , it was less a celebration and more a form of protest . )
Image Cleveland Browns fans participated in a “ Perfect Season ” parade after the team lost all its games . Credit Tony Dejak/Associated Press
Image A fan donning a dog mask with the losing streak written on it . Credit Tony Dejak/Associated Press
Mr. Kochever , 71 , was recently standing over an odd assortment of football paraphernalia , all of it strewn throughout their bedroom : flags , dog masks , necklaces , rawhide bones . The pile covered half the room , and they had plenty more stored away . He 'd laid it all out as proof of the depth of theirs loyalty .
“ There are still a few of us who bleed orange and brown , ” they said , referring to the Browns ' colors . “ But the last 20 , 25 years — it 's been tough . ”
“ When you 're winning , you have everything : team spirit , enthusiasm , the creativity to come up with trinkets and costumes , ” they continued . “ I used to get up and run across the Dawg Pound . I 'd be yelling , I 'd be waving my bone . But there 's not a lot to get us going anymore . ”
Image Denny Kochever , known as “ Dawg Face , ” showing off the mask they wear at Cleveland Browns games . Credit Stephen Hiltner/The New York Times
There 's an old cliché in Cleveland , one that 's been minted on T-shirts and adopted as an unofficial Browns motto : “ There 's always next year. ” It encapsulates the city 's consciously misguided , yet enduring , sense of hope .
But at this point , so many next years have piled up that an entire generation of Browns fans has come to know the team only as perennial losers — and , by now , many of the Dawg Pound superfans who defined the city 's sporting culture in the '80s and '90s have vanished from the stands . Those who are left — fans like Dawg Face and D. Dawg — have become an ever-shrinking subculture in Northeast Ohio , custodians of the fading memory of the Browns as a gritty and formidable football team , one that , between '86 and '89 , played in three out of four A.F.C . championship games , and , in the 1950s and '60s , won four N.F.L . championships .
As the fan base has changed , so , too , has the nature of the Dawg Pound itself . Heightened security measures have made the section less rowdy and more family friendly , and have prevented fans from carrying in some of their more distinctive flair . Mr. Erwin , for example , was barred from carrying in both their large orange bone ( a potential weapon ) and their cowbell ( a “ noisemaker ” ) . Far from the intimidating fan section it once was , the Dawg Pound became , in the words of one commentator , “ a surly collection of unsatisfied fans . ”
“ Back in the day , it was rare to see more than one , maybe two fans from the opposing team in the Dawg Pound , ” Mr. Kochever said . “ Now they come in like it 's nothing . ”
Image Vince Erwin , known as “ D . Dawg , ” at their seat in the “ Dawg Pound ” with a large orange bone and a cowbell . They are barred from bringing in those items during games . Credit Stephen Hiltner/The New York Times
“ I try to keep the fire burning with my kids and with the younger fans , ” said Mr. Erwin , a season-ticket holder since 1978 . “ But they do n't know what it 's like to be loyal to a team through bad times . For them , it 's easier to jump on the bandwagon of a team that 's winning — and laugh at those of us who do n't . ”
When you ask Browns fans why they still support their team , you 're met with something of a refrain .
Cleveland is a football city , people around here say , and the Browns will eventually turn things around . There 's a sense of logical inevitability . This , after all , is “ Believeland , ” where residents who have endured a long series of devastating defeats — Red Right 88 , The Drive , The Fumble , The Shot , Jose Mesa 's blown save in the ninth inning of the '97 World Series — still find a way to hope against hope .
And in football , Browns fans say , the winds of fortune change — or can change — on a year-to-year basis . Look no further than Sunday 's Super Bowl , which includes the Philadelphia Eagles — the worst team in their division last year . One good draft , the collective belief around here goes , and it could all turn around .
Image Vince Erwin a.k.a . D. Dawg . Credit Stephen Hiltner/The New York Times
But there 's something , too , about the enduring effect that Dawg Pound culture has had on the psyche in Northeast Ohio . All those Browns songs from the 1980s , the ones that were piped over the radio and into people 's cars and homes ? “ I still know the words to all of those , ” said Susie Welch , who grew up in Cleveland 's West Side and attended games in the Dawg Pound at the old Municipal Stadium . “ It was part of a culture that enveloped the whole city . ”
And that culture , by way of a kind of Browns-fans diaspora , has spread through the country — and around the world . Ms. Welch , who left Cleveland for Madison , Wis. , some 20 years ago and subsequently founded the Mad City fan club , is one of tens of thousands of registered members of Browns Backers Worldwide , a nonprofit organization with over 300 clubs in more than a dozen countries .
“ We 're just always going to support the Browns , ” Ms. Welch said , “ win or lose — or lose even worse , ” they said with a laugh .
“ We 've got two of the best teams in their respective leagues , ” said Justin Eckert , a 32-year-old Dawg Pound fan , referring to the Cavaliers and the Indians . “ But put on sports talk radio in the morning and what do you hear ? Browns , Browns , Browns . ”
“ There are a lot of fans out there , ” said Dan Eckert , Justin 's father . “ They have a real love for the Browns — they 're just lying dormant right now . But when we start winning again , everybody in Cleveland will be coming out of the woodwork . We 'll be bigger than the Cavs and the Indians combined . Just you wait . ”
Stephen Hiltner joined The Times as a staff editor in 2016 . They were previously an editor for six years at The Paris Review . They are a graduate of the University of Oxford and the University of Virginia . @ sahiltnerFacebook
Get the Travel Dispatch Newsletter Every Saturday , get travel tips , destination coverage , photos from all over the world and more . SEE SAMPLE Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services . * Required field Thank you for subscribing . View all New York Times newsletters . An error has occurred . Please try again later . You are already subscribed to this email . View all New York Times newsletters . Sign Up
Should Israel help Syrian civilians ? Watch : ILTV speaks with Dr. Nir Boms , Research Fellow at the Moshe Dayan Center at TAU about the latest developments on the northern border . Contact Editor ILTV ,
ILTV Dr. Nir Boms
top
Colm Cooper says Joe Brolly has texted them to apologise for the furore that accompanied their criticism of the upcoming testimonial dinner in honour of the former Kerry corner forward .
Cooper appeared on the Late Late Show on Friday evening in the same week that they launched their autobiography 'Gooch ' , which is ghostwritten by Vincent Hogan of the Irish Independent .
But the celebrated Kerry attacker has been in the news lately for their upcoming testimonial dinner , the first of its kind to be held in honour of a GAA player and an event which has divided opinion within the GAA .
Cooper will be holding a corporate sponsored dinner in Dublin on 27 October , with a portion of the proceeds going to the charities , Our Lady 's Hospital in Crumlin and the Kerry Cancer Support Group .
Cooper also disclosed on the show tonight that Kerry GAA and their club Dr. Crokes will benefit financially from the evening .
Joe Brolly was highly critical of the dinner , describing it as `` cheap and self-serving '' and saying that Cooper had `` chosen to enrich himself . '' On Saturday Sport a couple of weeks , Brolly said the dinner had gone against the amateur ethos of the GAA .
Cooper at their recent Testimonial Dinner press conference in Ballsbridge
But Cooper said on the Late Late Show that Brolly has `` changed their tune '' since making those remarks .
`` On a serious note , Joe actually sent me a text this week to say 'sorry about all the fuss ' . They said they wish there was n't the reaction that there was and that it 's gone overboard . And he 's apologising for it .
`` So , he 's obviously changed their tune since . And they fully respect that I 'm entitled to have a testimonial night if I want .
`` There are players doing dinner dances and speaking after events . There 's brand ambassadors , there are players doing launches all the time . So , unfortunately for the GAA , there are players earning money . So , if that 's the argument , I do n't really get it .
`` It 's going to be a great night . We 've over 450 people confirmed that are going . There 's people coming from America and the UK .
`` It 's going to be a successful night . This is going to be the first of many . This could be a new trend . People may be for or against it but it 's a celebration of Irish sport . I 'm delighted with my career and I 'm honoured to be having it . ''
In a wide-ranging interview , Cooper also spoke about their success with Kerry and Dr. Crokes , the attention they received from tight-marking defenders , and the impact of the death of their parents .
FG rolls out projects for South-East region
The Federal Government at the weekend unveiled plans to embark on numerous developmental projects in the South-East region , with the foundation laying ceremony of Assumpta Science Centre in Owerri , Imo State .
Ogbonnaya Onu , Minister of Science and Technology , at the event reiterated President Muhammadu Buhari administration 's commitment to the implementation of International Universities and Youth Cooperation with Africa in informal science learning activities for sustainable development .
They explained that the Assumpta Science Centre in Owerri was one of the several numerous Federal Government projects in the South-East at the verge of kicking off .
According to him , Federal Government through the Ministry of Science and Technology had entered into a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) with the Pontifical Council for Culture of the Vatican City on the Assumpta Science Centre .
They emphasized that the Buhari administration was willing and determined to utilize science , technology and innovation as a tool to achieve diversification of the national economy .
Onu thanked the people of Ofekata community for their commitment and the donation of their land to ensure that the Science Centre becomes a reality , noting that the difference between Africa and developed nations is the actualization of science , technology and innovation .
They maintained that national development would be difficult to achieve without the application of science and technology , urging state and local governments and relevant stakeholders to ensure the sustainability of the laudable project .
The minister noted that the centre stands a chance of contributing immensely to the development and uplifting of the nation .
“ Of the numerous advantages of the centre is that it will contribute to the development of the country and ensure that Nigerians and indeed other African countries would become self-sufficient in defending the available resources God has given them , ” they said .
“ The neglect of science and technology affected Nigeria 's economic growth and development . The coming on board of Assumpta Science Centre and other scientific innovations in Nigeria is at the centre of development . With the available resources Nigeria has , we would have been at the center stage for development , ” they said .
They harped on the need for all the African countries to change direction , focus and embrace science , technology and innovation which have a vital role in assisting humanity in all aspects of life , such as national security and higher agricultural productivity , better housing , broad communication , better health care delivery system , and improved quality of life and sustainability .
In their remarks , Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State , who underscored the importance of the initiative , pledged support towards speedy completion of the project .
Okorocha , who was represented by Chris Nwike , chairperson , Mbaitoli Local Government Area , called on the people of the community to see the project as an opportunity not only for them but for the future generation yet unborn .
OYIN AMINU
The post FG rolls out projects for South-East region appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FILE - In this April 30 , 1963 file photo , President John F. Kennedy listens while Grand Duchess Charlotte of Luxembourg speaks outside the White House in Washington . The National Archives has until Oct. 26 , 2017 , to disclose the remaining files related to Kennedy 's Nov. 22 , 1963 assassination , unless President Donald Trump intervenes . William J. Smith AP
“ What can I do to help ? ” is the question the Toledo community is asking when referring to Tuesday 's massive fire at the Watcher Building in uptown Toledo .
The uptown community 's initial reaction to the fire was shock , since this was their first experience with tragedy .
`` There were people on the street , on the sidewalks on the corners , people were watching , people were crying . But within the first 30 minutes to an hour we all just came together and started getting supplies together , ” said Megan Aherne with Handmade Toledo .
The same effort carried over into the next day . Only about 100 yards away from the charred building , Handmade Toledo set up shop as a drop off location for much-needed supplies .
`` We 've had a ton of donations ! Toledo is really coming through , '' said Aherne .
The Attic and House of Dow on Adams Street also volunteered space for collections throughout the day Wednesday .
`` When you hear about something that happened in the community , whether you work down there or you live down there you feel like you have to do something , because you feel like without community , who are we ? I know I only donated a little bit but I 'm hoping at the very least a little bit can go a long way , '' said donating community member Sean Koogan .
The Attic which sits right across the street from the Watcher Building , is also planning a fund raising event Saturday , June 17 , with proceeds going towards fire relief .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2016 WTOL . All rights reserved .
UPDATE 8am :
A MAN missing in bushland overnight has been found safe and well their family has confirmed .
The Amamoor resident , who went missing yesterday afternoon on a private Amamoor property was found at 7.30am this morning .
The man 's wife said after a very sleepless night , they had nothing but thanks for those who helped in the overnight search effort .
`` We had wonderful people helping from between Maryborough and the Sunshine Coast and of course Gympie , '' they said .
`` A big thank you to everyone . ''
EARLIER :
A MAN in their 60s has been reported missing on a private property in rugged terrain in Amamoor overnight .
The man was last seen leaving their house for a walk about lunch time yesterday a police spokesperson said .
Police were contacted late last night and arrived at the property off Amamoor Creek Rd at 11pm to conduct what search they could in the darkness .
A family friend told The Gympie Times the man 's wife , who had been searching on foot until the early hours of this morning , was extremely worried about their husband who reportedly suffers from diabetes and alzheimer 's disease .
`` He has n't got medication with him , '' they said .
They said for them to go missing was uncharacteristic .
`` He goes out bush walking and obviously something has happened .
`` He does n't go missing . ''
Concerns are growing due to the nature of the thick and rugged bushland surrounding the property .
`` It 's just in the middle of nowhere , '' they said .
The search will continue this morning , possibly involving SES workers and a police helicopter to gain an aerial view .
The police spokesperson said no public assistance was needed at this point so no description of the man has been issued .
More information as it comes to hand .
Reekado Banks Slams DJ Xclusive : “ You Messed Up Big Time Bro ” ( See Why )
Mavin Act , Reekado Banks is not happy with DJ Xclusive at the moment . The problem here seems to be that DJ Xclusive recorded a song with Reekado Banks only to take their part out , as Mr Eazi and Flavour made the cut for the new single “ As e dey hot ” . This did n't go down with …
The post Reekado Banks Slams DJ Xclusive : “ You Messed Up Big Time Bro ” ( See Why ) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Arizona wo n't have to vacate any NCAA tourney wins after all BOISE , Idaho — Wes Clark scored 25 points , Jeremy Harris added 23 and No . 13 seed Buffalo pulled off the biggest upset of the NCAA Tournament 's opening round , rolling over ...
South Region : The FBI ca n't stop Arizona , so can anyone ? The first thing that stands out in the South Region is the potential second-round showdown between No . 4 Kentucky and fifth-seeded Arizona , a blockbuster of a game that features tons ...
Arizona fans greet returning Sean Miller like conquering hero TUCSON , Ariz. — Sean Miller was back on the job , Allonzo Trier was back on the court and Arizona earned at least a share of another Pac-12 championship . All accomplished ...
Arizona and Sean Miller are going to war against ESPN Sean Miller has the support of their school , and they still have their job as the head coach of Arizona . But right now , that is n't enough . They went after an ...
Arizona coach slams damning ESPN report in defiant denial Sean Miller is n't going down without a fight . The Arizona basketball coach said they are not leaving the program in a news conference Thursday , insisting their innocence after a report ...
Sean Miller not coaching for Arizona after wiretap bribe chat Rick Pitino was the first coach to lose their job over the FBI investigation into corruption in college basketball . Could Sean Miller be next ? The Arizona coach was not be ...
FBI catches Arizona coach discussing $ 100K payment to sign recruit You ca n't just blame the agents for this one . The FBI has wiretaps of conversations between Arizona head coach Sean Miller and Christian Dawkins , a runner for ASM Sports , in ...
What got an Arizona cheerleader booted from rivalry game A University of Arizona cheerleader was ejected from a basketball game after repeatedly yelling at an Arizona State player despite being “ asked to please stop , ” according to a referee . The ...
Diamondbacks now involved in Rich Rodriguez defense Rich Rodriguez has at least one prominent Arizona bigwig in their corner for at least one of the many events that led to Rodriguez 's former administrative assistant accusing them of ...
Lobby hacks often move over to the dark side of spin , but travelling the other way is generally a bit of a no-no – especially if it 's a paid-up party hand heading to the BBC . Katy Dillon was Labour 's head of broadcast for three years until October and worked for the party since 2010 . Guido hears they are now working on the BBC newsdesk at their Millbank politics base . It 's not like Katy is recusing themselves from reporting on Labour – they have bylines on pieces about Jeremy Corbyn and has been sending out copy about internal Labour politics . Fair to say this is causing concern among their new colleagues . It may be that the Leader 's Office has more to worry about though – Dillon is certainly not a Corbynista…
The number of Māori students at Otago University is expected to hit the 2000 mark for the first time in its history .
Māori enrolments are increasing year by year and have been doing so for the past decade .
So what is drawing Māori students to the deep south for their education ?
Kawekōrero spoke with 3rd-year student Lyric Te Marino Bird and first-year student Rico Mita-Wātene .
Caldwell CONNIE HUNTER819-506-4011
We are starting to get the fall weather . I just got back from Calgary and the leaves there have changed a lot more than ours but it is still beautiful there .
I just talked to my daughter Natasha who is doing a hair show in Edmonton , Alta . and they told me it was snowing out there so we are lucky , but it wo n't be long .
This article is available only to subscribers to THE EQUITY ( home delivery or online ) who have registered for the News Alerts Service . If you have already registered for THE EQUITY 's News Alerts Service , please log in here . If you wish to register for the News Alerts Service , you may register below . ( For online subscribers please use the same email address used for your online subscription . )
Existing Users Log In Email Password Remember Me
President Trump 's promise to change America is already producing results — at least when it comes to late night TV .
CBS ' “ Late Show with Stephen Colbert ” attracted more viewers than its rival , NBC 's “ The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon , ” during the week that ended Feb. 10 — the second week in a row the Peacock Network finished No . 2 .
And Colbert 's margin of victory is growing .
In the week ended Feb. 3 — Colbert 's first week of new shows since Trump 's inauguration — “ Late Night ” edged out “ Tonight ” by a mere 10,000 viewers . Last week , that margin of victory grew to 130,000 .
While Fallon still draws in a bigger audience of 18-to-49-year-olds , the demographic advertisers covet , their once comfortable margin of victory is getting slim .
In the last three weeks , including the five days of “ Late Show ” repeats during the week ended Jan. 27 , Fallon 's margin of victory in the demo has gone from 0.36 to 0.19 to 0.17 .
Colbert 's resurgence could be tied to their show having a sharper political bent than “ Tonight. ” Colbert 's opening monologue and at-desk banter is dominated by jokes and banter that take aim at Trump 's missteps .
Fallon 's show is more skit-focused and covers a wider range of topics .
On ABC , “ Jimmy Kimmel Live ” usually draw about 1 million fewer total viewers than their CBS and NBC rivals and trails significantly in the demo , statistics show .
Allen Bertram said they did n't heed the warnings to evacuate before the Hawaiian volcano Kilauea erupted — and now he 's paying the price .
`` Everything I love is gone , '' the man , who lives in Lanipuna Gardens , told WGN-TV .
They said lava from the volcanic eruption devastated their neighborhood — and they did n't flee their house until they saw `` a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour . ''
Bertram opened their door , they told WGN-TV , and lava flowed in .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The man told ABC that they `` did n't have time to grab anything , '' so they made it out of their house with just the clothes on their back and their beloved dog by their side . Betram said they had to scale a fence to make it to their neighbors ' garage , which they used as refuge , but their dog bit them and ran away when they threw the pup over the barrier .
They never saw their dog again , they told ABC .
`` I try not to think about him , '' they said . `` He 's more important than the house .
`` He ca n't be replaced . ''
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Scenes from the Kilauea volcano on Hawaii , which has been erupting for more than 20 days . New York TimesPierre Taylor
In their interview with WGN-TV , the man said they managed to make it to the garage and used the canned food there to stay alive while they were `` surrounded by lava '' for 12 days inside . Eventually , Bertram said they devised a plan to escape .
“ I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag , '' they told the TV station . `` I was praying that I was going to get rescued . ''
Rescuers in a helicopter finally airlifted them to safety Saturday , they told ABC , but there was little to rejoice in .
`` I did n't gain anything in staying , '' they said . `` I could have clean clothes , medication — this opened my eyes big time . ''
Another man in Hawaii was hurt after a `` lava bomb '' — or a blob of molten lava propelled by expanded gases — hit them on their third-floor balcony on May 19 and shattered much of their leg .
According to CBS , 41 homes and another 41 buildings have been destroyed since the volcanic eruption on May 3 . Hawaii County Civil Defense Administrator Talmadge Magno said that there was a disappointing amount of people who refused to evacuate .
`` Kind of disturbingly , some people just refused to leave , '' Magno told CBS . `` We had one gentleman that had to be kind of rescued . Their only way out was through their back door and through the forest . ''
1:17
White House : Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
Nearly one in five people who have retired in the past 10 years are more stressed now than when they worked , research suggests .
Rather than later life being a golden opportunity to relax , 18 % of those who have retired in the past decade say they are more stressed , the survey from Prudential found .
About one in seven ( 13 % ) say their health has suffered since giving up work .
Newly retired women were more likely to report feeling more stressed , at 23 % , compared with 13 % of men .
Missing former work colleagues was the biggest retirement let-down , with more than a third ( 35 % ) saying they miss the social interaction of work .
One in five ( 20 % ) feel they have lost some of their identity since their work ended .
But many pensioners also blamed financial reasons for retirement being less serene than it could be .
Nearly three in 10 ( 29 % ) miss having their pay packet in their wallet , while one in eight ( 12 % ) complain their adult children still expect cash subsidies from the `` bank of mum and dad '' .
A fifth ( 20 % ) said being a source of free childcare is a cause of stress .
But Prudential also found some evidence that the prospects for retirees are improving .
While the proportion of people having generous final salary pensions to retire on is decreasing , the likelihood of people retiring with only the state pension to fall back on is also declining - from 23 % of those retiring in 2008 to 14 % this year .
The landmark automatic enrolment scheme , which has been placing people into workplace pensions since 2012 , is boosting the number of pension savers .
The research was carried out to mark the 10th year of Prudential 's `` Class of '' annual surveys , which look at the experiences of newly retired people .
Only 13 % of those surveyed say they are disappointed with how their retirement as a whole has turned out .
But nearly a quarter ( 24 % ) wish they had worked for longer and more than one in 10 ( 11 % ) say that with hindsight they would have found another job or been more active in the early years of retirement .
Vince Smith-Hughes , a retirement expert at Prudential , said : `` Often when we think of retirement planning we concentrate exclusively on our finances , but what these findings show is that there are many other things involved in helping to make us happy in retirement .
`` As we have found , giving up work can be a shock to the system even before people start to come to terms with the inevitable change in their financial circumstances .
`` However , as we see people easing themselves away from the world of work through a period of 'pretirement ' and more people saving from an earlier age as a result of automatic enrolment , we hope that the new retirees of the future will be better placed to cope with their changed circumstances . ''
More than 750 people across the UK who have retired in the past 10 years were surveyed .
Steven Tyler : ' I certainly did not have a heart attack ' “ Sorry to have have cut the tour short but I had to have a procedure that only my doc in the states could perform , '' Tyler said of their condition .
Steven Tyler stops tour , returns to US for medical care Tyler says they are `` not in a life threatening condition '' but needs to deal with a medical issue `` immediately '' to maintain future scheduled performances .
Steven Tyler 's daughter Mia welcomes baby boy Baby Axton is the first child for Mia Tyler and boyfriend Dan Halen .
Celebs care more about Israel than Obama does He 's a rock star , not a sage or a statesman . But Aerosmith guitarist Joe Perry began 2017 as my personal hero , joining a small but growing list of mensches and ...
You can thank Farrah Fawcett for 'Midnight Train to Georgia ' Who would 've ever guessed the inspiration behind Gladys Knight 's soul-stirring “ Midnight Train to Georgia ” was '70s pinup queen Farrah Fawcett ? That 's just one of the fascinating song histories revealed in ...
The Hollywood Vampires will temporarily go on without Joe Perry The Aerosmith guitarist , hospitalized after a performance on Saturday , plans to return at a later date .
Rock icon Joe Perry 'doing well ' after collapsing at concert Joe Perry became ill while performing with the Hollywood Vampires rock group in Coney Island .
The Philadelphia street performer who gained national attention for their performance on `` The Voice '' was 28 years old .
The frontage road work will consist of replacing all existing pavement , adding curb and gutter and installing a sidewalk on the side of the road .
Additionally , the road will be given a center turn lane and a northbound right turn lane on 44th Ave. will be added . A study showed that about 80 percent of westbound traffic turns north at the intersection .
Access to businesses on the frontage road will be available at all times , however , there could be slight delays in traffic flow , according to an advisory issued by the city .
Central Specialities is doing the work . The project will be funded by a combination of federal and state funds .
PITTSBURGH — U.S. Rep. Tim Murphy had counted on their anti-abortion record as one of many planks to help them get elected to Congress eight times , and it was their perceived personal betrayal of that record that ended their career .
For Murphy , a practicing psychologist , author and former commander in the Navy Reserves who had made mental health treatment a signature issue , everything began falling apart when their hometown newspaper revealed Tuesday that the member of congress had suggested a mistress get an abortion when they thought they might be pregnant .
It was the beginning of the end for Murphy 's 20-year political career .
Voters , talk show hosts , party officials and anti-abortion activists turned against Murphy . Two days later , Murphy informed House Speaker Paul Ryan and Gov . Tom Wolf that they would resign Oct. 21 .
“ I 'm very disappointed , ” said Vinnie Richichi , sipping coffee Friday morning outside a coffee shop a few blocks from Murphy 's suburban Pittsburgh district office .
Richichi , a 62-year-old Democrat who had crossed party lines to vote for Murphy , called them “ another politician where what 's good for everyone else is n't good enough for him . ”
Murphy , 65 , has remained publicly silent , other than a brief statement saying they would seek help as they and their family work through their “ difficulties . ”
They had been in the state Senate representing suburban Pittsburgh when the party carved up the shrinking population of western Pennsylvania into new congressional districts , creating a Republican-friendly district tailored for Murphy .
They ran and won the open seat in 2002 , with the help of Democrats who were accustomed to backing Republicans for president .
Murphy has since held pro-labour positions to stitch together support from Pittsburgh 's influential blue-collar unions with bedrock conservative groups , including the Chamber of Commerce , National Rifle Association and National Right to Life Committee .
Their anti-abortion voting record was 100 per cent . They won AFL-CIO endorsements . Their 70 per cent lifetime rating by the American Conservative Union put them in the middle of the pack of Pennsylvania 's 13 Republicans in the U.S. House . Opponents and supporters alike say they were everywhere in the district , from high school football games to church food fairs .
They have since coasted to re-election , and even run unopposed the last two elections .
A month ago , one of Murphy 's affairs became public in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette after the newspaper won a court motion to unseal the woman 's divorce case .
Then on Tuesday , the Post-Gazette published a six-page memorandum from Murphy 's congressional chief of staff , Susan Mosychuk , dated June 8 , in which they accused Murphy of subjecting their staff members to “ threats , hostility , anger and harassment . ”
It also published text messages between Murphy and Shannon Edwards , with whom they were having an affair . In one , they told them they had “ zero issue posting your pro-life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week when we thought that was one of the options . ”
The newspaper also referenced an email last year to Edwards in which Murphy admitted to another affair with a woman named Susan .
It was the perceived hypocrisy on the abortion issue that most inflamed party officials , anti-abortion activists and voters from across the political spectrum .
The local party was turning against Murphy , said Val DiGiorgio , the Pennsylvania state party chairperson .
A Democratic voter in the district , Lisa Sweeney , did n't mince words .
“ He has been voting consistently to limit women 's ability to manage their own bodies and he 's doing it from the pulpit , and in the end it 's a sham , ” Sweeney , 40 , said after having lunch at deli down the street from Murphy 's district office .
Marty Griffin , the conservative host of a popular daily radio show on Pittsburgh 's KDKA-AM , said on their show Wednesday that stories about Murphy 's affairs and treatment of staff had been around a long time and were “ old news . ”
But Murphy 's perceived two-faced stance on abortion rights is different .
“ If there 's ever hypocrisy , that would be this , ” Griffin said . It is , they said , “ your typical sleaze story that comes out of politics . ”
——
Levy reported from Harrisburg .
Senate Democrats reportedly plan to attack eight of Republican President-elect Donald Trump 's Cabinet picks and stretch their confirmation process from days to perhaps months , despite having essentially no chance of blocking their nominations .
The Democratic senators are vowing to make good on their vow unless the nominees start disclosing personal financial information , according to The Washington Post .
Trump has made eight of 17 Cabinet picks , with four remaining .
The primary targets include Rex Tillerson for secretary of state ; Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general ; South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney for the Office of Management and Budget ; Betsy DeVos as the new education secretary and Steve Mnuchin , the former Goldman Sachs executive nominated to be treasury secretary .
“ President-elect Trump is attempting to fill their rigged cabinet with nominees that … have made billions off the industries they 'd been tasked with regulating , ” incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Sunday . “ If Republicans think they can quickly jam through a whole slate of nominees without a fair hearing process , they 're sorely mistaken . ”
Republicans who control the Senate and House plan to begin the confirmation hearings on Trump 's Jan. 20 Inauguration Day .
Republicans have a 52-to-48 majority over Democrats in the Senate .
The nominees will get enough votes in the GOP-run Senate committees but would run into delays when both parties cast final votes on the chamber floor , despite needing only 51 “ yeahs . ”
Democrats could use procedural moves to extend the debate on each of the nominees . But they do n't have the power to use the filibuster to block the nominations , because in the last Congress they changed the threshold on such filibusters from 60 to 51 votes .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and fellow Republicans do n't like the Democrats ' plan and argue they did n't oppose outgoing Democratic President Obama 's nominations when they took office in 2008 .
“ Republicans and Democrats worked together and expeditiously to carefully consider their nominees , ” McConnell spokesperson David Popp told Fox News on Monday .
Popp points out that the Senate held hearings on multiple nominees before Obama was even sworn in , confirmed seven of them on Day One and that nearly all of them were confirmed within two weeks .
“ Sen . Schumer and others approved wholeheartedly of this approach at the time , ” Popp continued . “ So surely they wo n't object to treating the incoming president 's nominees with the same courtesy and seriousness . ”
The others on the purported list of eight are Georgia GOP Rep. Tom Price , Trump 's nominee to run the Department of Health and Human Services ; Andrew Puzder for labor secretary ; and Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt to run the EPA .
Those not on the purported list are Marine Gen. James N. Mattis for defense secretary ; South Carolina GOP Gov . Nikki Haley as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations ; and former Marine Gen. John Kelly run the Department of Homeland Security .
Fox News ' Mike Emanuel contributed to this report .
Verizon and the NFL have been bedfellows dating back to 2010 , and until now , only customers of Big Red — the largest mobile service provider in the country — were able to stream pro football live from their mobile devices ( categorized as devices with screens smaller than 7 inches ) .
Big change is on the horizon . On Monday , December 11 , Verizon has announced the completion of a previously rumored deal that gives the company exclusive rights to stream in-market games live to any device , regardless of size ( ! ) or mobile carrier ( ! ! ) . The most obvious beneficiary of the deal — reportedly worth $ 2 billion over five years — is Yahoo , which Verizon purchased last year for nearly $ 5 billion ( though the sum was reduced earlier this year following a series of hacks at Yahoo ) . In addition to the NFL mobile app and the go90 app , a Verizon property , fans will be able to stream games live via Yahoo.com or the Yahoo Sports app , even if they 're not Verizon subscribers .
The deal will take effect in January 2018 , and includes the following contests , regardless of network : In-market Sunday games , nationally televised games ( Sunday , Monday , and Thursday , preseason and regular season ) , playoff games , and even the Super Bowl , which is scheduled for February 4 this season . To view out-of-market games that are n't nationally televised , you 'll need to go through a different channel .
Interestingly , Verizon has decided to sacrifice its exclusive rights to streaming NFL content in favor of a more holistic approach , perhaps designed to drive traffic to Verizon 's Oath subsidiaries ( including Yahoo and AOL ; Yahoo 's traffic has declined considerably over the past few years ) while simultaneously building good faith among non-Verizon football fans . Given the NFL 's ratings crisis — the media-averse league ( which still does n't allow highlights on YouTube ) seems to be on the decline , compared to millennial-friendly leagues like the NBA — this could also signal intentions to reach a younger , more smartphone-dependent market .
The Yahoo Sports app is available on both iOS and Android devices , as are the go90 app ( iOS here , Android here ) and the official NFL mobile app ( iOS here , Android here ) . You can also watch via the Yahoo or NFL apps on various streaming devices , like any Roku or the Amazon Fire TV . In addition to live game streams , the deal grants fans access to NFL highlights , weekly coverage , and “ a robust set of jointly developed original content . ”
Updated at 2:10 p.m . ET
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during their first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville , Va .
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed , and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack .
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , of Maumee , Ohio , was charged with one count of second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run .
During today 's Charlottesville court hearing , as NPR 's Debbie Elliott reports , Fields `` appeared by video from jail , dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit . ''
They answered the judge 's questions with a simple `` Yes , sir '' and `` No , sir , '' according to The Associated Press .
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that they could not afford a lawyer . `` Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields , and set another hearing for Aug. 25 , '' Debbie adds . `` Until then , the judge said , Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because they have no ties to the area . ''
The AP adds that the judge told the court that the `` public defenders ' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday 's protest . '' Fields was taken into custody on Saturday after the incident .
Details are emerging about Fields ' background and their interest in Nazi Germany . One of the suspect 's high school teachers in Ohio told member station WVXU that Fields `` was intelligent and did n't cause trouble , '' but was `` also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy . ''
Derek Weimer , who had Fields in three classes at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union , Ky. , told WVXU , `` He went to a good school . Lived in a good neighborhood . There were plenty of people around to try to guide them in the right direction . My first feeling is we failed . I failed . ''
Fields ' mother , Samantha Bloom , told The Toledo Blade that they were aware their son was going to what they called an `` alt-right '' rally . `` I told them to be careful , '' Bloom said , according to the newspaper . `` [ And ] if they 're going to rally to make sure he 's doing it peacefully . ''
Watch local schools and groups recite the Pledge of Allegiance during 33 WYTV Daybreak between 5 a.m. and 7 a.m. with Len Rome and Jim Loboy .
Thank you to Mrs. Curtis , 3rd Grade teacher at Robinwood Lane Elementary , for inviting us to your classroom !
Click to view all Pledge of Allegiance videos
Aidan Turner and co will return next year for what is likely to be the final time ...
Poldark has been commissioned for a fifth and – in all likelihood – final series .
Advertisement
As fans gear up for the imminent start of the fourth series of the much-loved Cornish period romp , producers Mammoth Screen have announced that a fifth has been commissioned to air on BBC1 , almost certainly next year .
The announcement was made by Eleanor Tomlinson , who plays Demelza , at a BFI screening of the first episode of series four last night .
# Poldark fans , @ ETomlinson has some exciting news from tonight 's screening of S4 episode 1 . You do n't want to miss this announcement ! pic.twitter.com/2IoyL4p8Cu — Official Poldark ( @ PoldarkTV ) May 2 , 2018
It is understood that no decision has yet been reached on what books scriptwriter Debbie Horsfield will tackle for the fifth run , and no further information was forthcoming .
But senior BBC sources have strongly indicated that the Aidan Turner period drama is likely to bow out after series five airs in 2019 . There has , of course , been no official confirmation of this .
There is no start date for the series four broadcast but it is likely to air later this summer and draws on the final third of Winston Graham 's sixth Poldark book The Four Swans and all book seven , The Angry Tide .
The action of series four will run until the Christmas period of 1799 .
The next book – The Stranger from the Sea , which is the eighth in the series of 12 – starts in 1810 , a leap of more than ten years , making Aidan Turner 's hunky hero around 50 years old .
Series four will find Aidan Tuner 's Ross Poldark in Westminster when they become an MP .
Horsfield told RadioTimes.com last year : “ He does take George [ Warleggan 's ] seat . They beat George . At the end of this series we see them coming to the realisation that next time a seat is offered they have to take it .
“ He 's not desperate to head off to Westminster but a catastrophic happening in episode one of series four makes them realise that in order to have the power to effect any change they need to get out of their comfort zone . ”
Horsfield added that the new setting will be a “ treat ” for viewers .
“ It 's very much Cornwall-based but there are so many characters and flavours and one of those flavours is London .
As for Ross and Demelza , they strive to “ work through this sticky patch ” following their infidelity with Hugh Armitage at the end of series three after Demelza was feeling wronged by Ross ' relationship with Elizabeth .
Tholly Tregirls , the colourful figure from Ross ' youth played by Sean Gilder , will be returning in series four , as will Prudie ( Beatie Edney ) , Hugh Armitage ( Josh Whitehouse ) , Morwenna ( Elise Chappell ) and their odious husband Osborne Whitworth ( Christian Brassington ) .
There is also much excitement on set about a fabulous new villain called Monk Adderley .
“ He 's completely amoral but such a vividly drawn character , ” Horsfield told us . “ Ross encounters them in London . Ross really does clash with him . He 's a friend of George 's , that 's how they first meet and another one everyone will love to hate . ”
Poldark is returning soon to BBC1
Advertisement
This article was originally published on 3 May 2018
NYC putting up concrete barriers in wake of terror attack The city is installing concrete barriers at more than four dozen intersections along the West Side Highway and adjacent bike path to prevent tragedies like the pickup truck terrorist attack ...
Citi Bike expansion will see growing pains Citi Bike is expanding next week , but users will feel the growing pains with the company 's resources stretched thinner than ever . Motivate , the operator of the popular bike-sharing program , has ...
Bike your way through Brooklyn 's best cheap eats Terrifying as it may be , there 's something about bicycling in New York that acquaints one with all the nooks and crannies of the city — and not just the potholes ....
This $ 7,500 bike might be the key to getting to work on time Riding an e-bike can give you a leg up on traffic . Bikes are no longer only made up of two wheels , a frame , chains and gears . Like everything else , they ...
These triathlon badasses just completed an amazing feat Think running 26.2 miles is tough ? Or biking 112 miles ? How about swimming 2.4 miles ? Two New Yorkers did all three on the same day — five days in a ...
Cyclist saves friend from horrifying bear attack An Alaska man says their quick-thinking biking partner saved their lives during a violent brown bear attack that left them torn and bloodied in the wild . “ I immediately just started ...
Man on mountain bike dies after fall from cliff CEDAR GROVE , N.J. — Authorities say a man riding a mountain bike in New Jersey fell approximately 20 feet to their death . Essex County Sheriff Armando Fontoura says the 49-year-old ...
Man arrested for brutal attack that left cyclist in a coma Police have arrested a suspect they say punched a bike-riding father of two into a coma in Bedford-Stuyvesant last week , they announced Thursday . Gary Anderson , 26 , faces two charges of ...
Michael Urie bikes around with Pres . McKinley in their backpack In 1998 , a Texas theater student named Michael Urie discovered New York on a class trip . “ It was the dead of summer , it was hot and stinky and we saw ...
Zeke Upshaw 's mother is suing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons over their son 's death , claiming the league and team should have been able to save the 26-year-old 's life when they suddenly collapsed on court in March and later died from related health complications .
“ There is simply no good reason for the defendants to have been unprepared for sudden cardiac death events such as Zeke 's , and for their failure to react quickly to save a life , ” mom Jewel Upshaw says in court papers filed Wednesday in Manhattan federal court .
“ Had properly trained medical professionals administered expeditious and proper treatment , Zeke would still be alive​ , ​ ” ​ the filing says.​
Upshaw , a former Hofstra University star , was playing for the Pistons ' G League team , the Grand Rapids Drive , when they collapsed on court March 24 .
They never woke up , instead dying in the hospital two days later from sudden heart failure .
Jewel claims the team doctor had already left the game , and that their son received no medical attention for at least 4 minutes . Their brain went without oxygen for a full 44 minutes , according to their suit .
“ At this point , there was no healthy brain left to save , ” the court papers say .
The NBA has known on-court sudden cardiac arrest is a clear danger since at least 1993 , when Boston Celtics star Reggie Lewis died during an offseason practice session , the suit argues .
Jewel is suing for gross negligence and wrongful death , and seeking unspecified damages , according to the papers .
The community of Kaikohe has opened up a new space that will support youth aged between 12 and 24 in an attempt to help prevent suicide in Northland .
Te Kōtahitanga e Mahi Kaha Trust Chair Aroha Tahere says , `` Youth in Kaikohe told us they want this space to be fun , cool , friendly and safe . That 's why they 're actively involved in designing what the space will look like , the activities , resources and support available and even the list of personal qualities they want for kaimahi ( youth centre staff ) . ''
Te Uma o Te Kona or translated 'The Bosom of Te Kona ' is an acknowledgement to historic Ngāpuhi leader Hone Heke 's mother , Te Kona .
The leaders of the new initiative hope the characteristics of Te Kona 's maternal nature will provide safety for youth and play a part in solving issues like suicide .
Aroha Tahere says , `` Our focus is that prevention . Early intervention will provide a process whereby we are able to intervene a lot earlier without the kids taking on board that serious stuff . So our job will be the early intervention prevention space . ''
Kaikohe youth Temepara Hita says , `` Maybe this new centre will help change people 's negative thoughts into positive ones . We have a pool table and those sorts of games here and maybe that will help change that way of thinking . ''
For the last nine years , Northland has had total of 193 suicides . 52 of those were youth aged 10-24 with 2013 having the highest annual rate at 29 suicides .
Also bringing their solutions to the issue are those running in the race for the Te Tai Tokerau electorate .
Labour deputy leader and candidate for Te Tai Tokerau Kelvin Davis says , `` First of all , Labour 's policy will help those families in need by giving them a weekly subsidy and second of our policies we have to offer is funding nursing in school to help better provide services for youth . ''
Mana candidate for Te Tai Tokerau Hone Harawira says , `` He supports Mike King 's approach because they travel all over New Zealand and talks about suicide . ''
The Te Uma o Te Kona is a collaboration between the local community , iwi and regional organisations , which includes the Kaikohe Community and Youth Centre Trust , Te Rūnanga ā Iwi o Ngāpuhi , the Northland Social Wellbeing Governance Group 's Place Based Initiatives ( Kāinga Ora ) and the government 's Regional Growth Programme .
LOS ANGELES — A 12-year-old girl was booked on a charge of negligent discharge of a firearm after two students were shot in a Los Angeles middle school classroom on Thursday , police said .
A 15-year-old boy who was shot in the head was in critical condition , and a 15-year-old girl who was shot in the arm was listed as stable , Los Angeles police said Thursday night . Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center said both were expected to make full recoveries .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 12-year-old girl in custody after 2 students are shot at LA middle school 2:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Three other people — a 30-year-old woman on the staff of Salvador Castro Middle School and two other students , an 11-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl — suffered superficial face and head injuries , police said .
The shots erupted shortly before 9 a.m. ( noon ET ) at Castro , just west of downtown Los Angeles . A semiautomatic handgun was recovered , authorities said , and the campus was declared safe . Police , who described the shooting as an isolated incident involving negligence , did n't identify the girl who was suspected of having fired the weapon because they are a juvenile .
A student is consoled after a shooting Thursday at Salvador Castro Middle School near downtown Los Angeles . Damian Dovarganes / AP
`` We know this a very traumatic incident for all the children involved , particularly inside that classroom , '' said Steven Zipperman , chief of the Los Angeles school system police department .
`` One of the main missions we will have is the issue of finding out how a young person had access to a weapon , '' Zipperman said . `` I assure you , if it came from an adult in a home , that the proper prosecutorial procedure will occur . ''
The father of a 12-year-old student told NBC Los Angeles that they went to the school after learning about the shooting .
`` You ca n't process it , '' they said . `` It 's my son and everybody else 's kids in that school . ''
Shots were fired at Salvador Castro Middle School in Southern California on Thursday . KNBC
The incident follows two other school shootings in the United States last week . A 16-year-old boy was charged with opening fire at a Texas high school on Jan. 22 , wounding a teenage girl . And a 15-year-old boy was charged with opening fire at a Kentucky high school , killing two students and wounding 18 other people .
Alex Johnson reported from Los Angeles . Daniel Arkin reported from New York .
CORRECTION ( Feb 1 , 2018 , 7:05 p.m . ET ) : A photo caption on an earlier version of this article misstated the location of the shooting . It was at Salvador Castro Middle School , not Belmont High School . ( The schools share a campus . )
NEW ALBANY , Ohio ( WCMH ) — A flier was left on the windshield of cars at an apartment complex in New Albany that states black people were not welcomed to a local pub .
Co-owner of Average Joe 's Pub , Paul Rockwell , said they do not understand why someone would involve their business in something that 's so hateful .
“ We open outdoors to everybody , ” said Rockwell . “ We always have , we always will . ”
The flier uses a racial slur that refers to black people and states they are not welcomed .
Residents here at The Chelsea Place Apartments in New Albany are the ones who woke up to these fliers on their windshields Thursday .
One of the tenants who received the flier posted a picture on social media , getting more than 150 shares on Facebook .
Another called the police because they were afraid .
The co-owner of the bar said this kind of hate should not be tolerated .
“ Nobody should wake up to that on their car . It 's not right . ”
Rockwell added this one act has been very emotional for him . They said it affected the people who received the fliers , their customers , and even their staff who 've been answering the phone calls from people who saw it on social media .
They had personally answered phone calls and explained to people their business did not do this and even apologized .
“ This is not what we 're about , and we 're not going to allow hate to be spread in our name , ” said Rockwell . ” We 're sorry this happened and you know it 's tough , but you know we 'll make it right and we 're going to find out who did this . ”
Police are looking into this incident to see if those are the only fliers placed on people 's cars .
The New Albany location put a statement on its Facebook page Thursday :
Cody saw the signs for its impending release a couple weeks back , and now it 's live . Double-tap to advance tracks is apparently working in the tediously-long firmware version 1.1767.6040.G1-61495-545 , according to 9to5Google .
We first noticed signs of the upcoming behavior in our teardown for Google app v7.2.3 . As Cody noted then , it was supposed to be customizable , allowing one to select between either advancing tracks or triggering the Assistant to read notifications , which is the present function . So far , 9to5Google notes the option to remap that control does n't appear to be live just yet in the headphone settings page for Google Assistant , so YMMV .
Since advancing tracks previously required either voice controls via Assistant or pulling out your phone to tap a button on a screen like some sort of troglodyte , the new addition should save a lot of time , and be far less embarrassing than talking to yourself on the subway .
Image copyright Cheryl Yates Image caption Jackson Yates died in an accident in the Ibis Hotel car park
A 17-month-old boy who died after being hit by a car in a `` truly tragic accident '' was `` mischievous and cheeky '' , their mother has said .
Jackson Yates died in an accident in the Ibis Hotel car park on Trafford Road in Salford on Thursday .
Their mother , Cheryl , 37 , from Yarm near Middlesbrough , said : `` We had so much fun every day with him .
`` Since the accident , we 've had support from people all over the world , just sending their regards . ''
Image copyright Cheryl Yates Image caption Cheryl Yates said the family has had support from people all over the world
Jackson died at the scene following the incident at the car park , Greater Manchester Police said .
Detectives said they did not believe there were any suspicious circumstances , adding it was `` a tragic accident '' .
Jackson had been in Manchester with their mother and other relatives on a short break , while their father Carl remained at home .
`` We 'd been to the Trafford Centre and the Disney store where we bought them a little suitcase , with a character from the Cars film , '' Mrs Yates said .
`` He was a very much wanted little boy . We 'd been trying for a while , and they were unique from the day they were born .
`` We had so much planned for him , we could have written a book . I just wish we could have had more time with him . ''
Jackson was taken to the Manchester Children 's Hospital where Mrs Yates said the staff were `` amazing and so professional '' .
`` As soon as we knew they had gone we asked to donate their organs and they said their heart values could be used .
`` The fact that they could help another two babies , that brings great comfort to us . ''
A social media dance-off is growing among police departments thanks to a Twitter showdown that was started on National Best Friends Day .
The friendly competition started last week when the National Sheriff 's Association tweeted about National Best Friends Day and tagged a few police departments across the country .
Angela Sands , public information officer for the Lincoln Police Department in Lincoln , Nebraska , noticed that their department was not included and replied on Twitter .
“ My reply was , ‘ You guys did n't invite us to Best Friends Day , ' ” Sands told ABC News .
Sands ' tweet started a thread among the police departments , to which they later posted a GIF of people dancing . When that GIF was poked fun at , Sands replied that the police departments should post videos of their own officers dancing .
Bellevue Police Department , in nearby Bellevue , Nebraska , was specifically given a deadline of June 9 to post a video .
Sands meanwhile recruited one of their fellow Lincoln officers , Courtney Leaver , to show off their own dancing skills . Leaver came in on their day off to film a short dance to `` No Boys Allowed '' by Keri Hilson Buyou that was shared on Twitter .
When Bellevue went past their deadline to post a video , Sands again took to Twitter to egg them on .
@ PapillionPD can you do a welfare check on @ BellevuePolice they 're ignoring the whole internet — Lincoln Police ( @ Lincoln_Police ) June 9 , 2017
The Belleveu Police Department , which did not reply to ABC News ' request for comment , delivered their own video on Monday to Missy Elliott 's `` Pep Rally . ''
Worth the wait ! ! @ BellevuePolice pulled it off & rocked it ! Respect from # LPD for accepting the cop dance off challenge ! https : //t.co/940i9KM4zL — Lincoln Police ( @ Lincoln_Police ) June 13 , 2017
Sands said their officers found the cop dance challenge `` hilarious . '' Officer Leaver has been recognized and stopped in the street for their dance moves , while other officers have texted Sands that they want to do a Beyonce-style video next .
`` One of my goals was to help humanize cops because we do witness traumatic events and it 's a very stressful job , '' Sands said . `` I think for our own mental and physical safety we become very guarded , and I think the public needs to see this side of us that we rarely get to show . ''
Miami Dolphins DeVante Parker ( 11 ) congrats Kenny Stills ( 10 ) after a fourth quarter touchdown as they play the Denver Broncos at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens , Florida , Dec. 3 , 2017 . CHARLES TRAINOR JR ctrainor @ miamiherald.com
Small towns keep people entwined as times slip into memory . School memories and businesses that once flourished are shared experiences .
That is a motivating reason for the Friends of the New Madison Public Library to compile a book with snippets of memories to preserve the best of village times as it involved library visits . If you enjoyed some special book adventures with favorite authors , appreciated inspiring librarians or shared book time with family or friends , share it with the community in a publication titled “ Tapestries . ”
Photos are welcome additions . Favorite recipes , especially cookies that have been served at so many special library events , are encouraged . Did you make fudge or other candy for those great school fair booths ? Was your casserole gracing carry-in dinners ? The collection is underway and you need to contribute . Entries need to be submitted soon . The editing and printing has a planned holiday debut ! If you want to help make this a community event , call 996-1741 for information or drop it off at the library .
Also a reminder to mark the questions on the library survey and return in to the library for future planning .
Members of the American Legion recently celebrated with those with memberships for honored years : Donald Simpson , 40 years ; Gene Shively , 25 years ; Russel Bennett , 20 years ; Ellis Bates , 20 years ; Herbert Hiatt , 15 years ; Francis Griser , five years .
In case you want to schedule dinner “ out , ” the auxiliary will have a spaghetti supper on April 29 . Mary Harter will be making the sauce and you can count on bread sticks , salad , pudding dessert and a drink for $ 6 .
It is pleasant to be out driving and see all of the spring flowers . There ca n't be a favorite because each one sends the message of hope anew .
Congratulations this week to the Nealeigh youngsters . Grennan and Charlotte Bartlett-Nealeigh have been publicized for appearing on national television . The students at Tri-Village knew the artistic talents of their grandfather , Tim Nealeigh , who taught French classes for many years at the local school . Their grandmother , Katheleen , taught in Greenville .
http : //dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_dubbsshirleyPRINT-2.jpg
By Shirley Dubbs New Madison News
Shirley Dubbs is a volunteer citizen columnist , who serves The Daily Advocate readers weekly with their New Madison column . They can be reached at [ email protected ] Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author . The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author .
Shirley Dubbs is a volunteer citizen columnist , who serves The Daily Advocate readers weekly with their New Madison column . They can be reached at [ email protected ] Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author . The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author .
‘ THREE ! ' chronicles the Warriors run to the 2018 NBA Championship .
Order the book today !
SACRAMENTO — The typical offseason story goes down like this : Player X loses weight . They profess to be in the best shape of their life . And they attribute these changes to a new diet and training regimen .
That typical offseason story does not to apply to second-year Warriors second-year forward Jordan Bell . They dropped pounds off their 6-foot-9 , 224-pound frame for reasons that do not fit that cliche storyline .
“ I look skinny , huh ? I have n't eaten right lately , ” Bell said following the Warriors ' summer-league win over Sacramento on Tuesday . “ Just being so busy and trying to get everything and going home for camps . I had to go home for the Warriors and I forget to eat . I 'll do better at that . ”
Bell certainly did not forget to drink when they chugged Hennessey throughout the Warriors ' championship parade . So hows does Bell forget to eat ?
“ I forget to eat all the time , ” Bell said . “ It 's just like that . Growing up , I did n't have much to eat . So I learned to survive without eating . ”
The Warriors obviously do not think Bell can survive as a professional basketball player without eating . So since summer league play , the Warriors have told them to increase their calorie consumption by eating healthy snacks in between meals .
To subscribe to the Planet Dubs podcast click here .
Extending their range
Still , Bell showed plenty of progress in the Warriors ' win over Sacramento on Tuesday . They posted eight points on 4-of-5 shooting , six rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Bell and third-year center Damian Jones helped limited Kings rookie and No . 2 prospect Marvin Bagley Jr. to seven points on only a 3-of-6 clip . And Bell showed off their range , both with a 23-foot jumper as the shot clock expired and a pair of jumpers along the post and baseline .
“ I 've been working on shooting during the season , ” Bell said . “ Obviously during the playoffs , it was n't the time to show it . Summer league is the best time to show it . ”
Can Bell show it during the regular season ?
“ I 've been given the green light in summer league , ” Bell said . “ You have to talk to [ Steve ] Kerr . ”
Kerr , the team 's head coach , was n't at the Warriors-Kings game . But Warriors assistant Willie Green was as the team 's summer-league head coach .
“ We 'll let them shoot some of those . He 's been hitting it , ” Green said . “ It 's summer league and a chance to stretch yourself a little bit . JB sometimes has to take some of those . ”
Follow Bay Area News Group Warriors beat writer Mark Medina on Twitter , Facebook and Instagram .
Sometimes , hitting a major birthday can be a milestone , a turning point in one 's life .
We 've all heard of the old `` life begins at 40 '' adage '' and there are many people who dread turning 30 , fearing that they are leaving their wilder days behind them and having to finally do sensible and serious things like buying homes , babies and marriage .
Scots singer Amy Macdonald , who is hitting the highways and byways of Britain for their latest tour , has just notched up that 30th milestone .
So was it a reason to celebrate or comiserate ?
`` Turning 30 was n't a big deal for me at all , '' they said . `` In fact , It sort of brought an end to my first ten years in the business very neatly .
`` It is ten years since my first album and just after my birthday , I found out that my sales have reached twelve million worldwide - so my memories of turning 30 are extremely happy ! ''
Them fourth album Under Stars was released earlier this year .
Amy is hoping for more of that happiness when they arrive in our region on November 5 . She 'll be appearing at Scunthorpe 's Baths Hall in support of their fourth and latest album Under Stars - a quite appropriate title seeing as outside the venue , the skies will be filled with the bright lights of Bonfire Night .
She 's understandably pleased with the album which was released to great critical acclaim earlier this year .
`` I 'm looking forward to getting out there and playing live again , '' they said .
`` The new tour is an acoustic tour - I 've done so many shows over the years where I 've done a little acoustic set and it has always gone down so well I wanted to expand on that . ''
`` Playing songs acoustically means interpreting and playing them in a whole different way , so the process of rehearsing and getting ready can often be a lot more complex than an ordinary tour .
`` For me , acoustic shows have a magical feeling . Smaller , intimate venues and a chance to play songs that mean something to me and the people listening to them . I 'm really looking forward to it . ''
Since first bursting onto the music scene back in 2007 with songs such as Mr Rock 'n ' Roll and This Is The Life , the Bishopbriggs-born star has enjoyed worldwide success and met with the approval of critics across the globe .
She 's rubbed shoulders with Ellen DeGeneres in the US , played a string of festivals , appeared on TV countless times and enjoyed number ones internationally .
And she 's also worked alongside Kinks legend Ray Davies , is engaged to Scottish Premier League footballer Richard Foster and has collected a clutch of awards .
Not bad for a wee Scots lassie who heard Travis performing their song Turn at T In The Park in 2000 and decided that she 'd like to play it themselves and so ended up teaching themselves to play their dad 's guitar at the age of 12 .
But the trappings of fame do n't come without some drawbacks .
The fiercely proud Glasgow girl and a fan of Rangers , is no longer able to attend games at their beloved football club - especially Old Firm derbies against the club 's deadly city rivals Celtic .
They said : `` I tend to stay away from the Old Firm games , they tend to be a little bit crazy . It is difficult to go to places like that , because people can recognise you and it can become a bit uncomfortable . ''
The schedule of touring and soundchecking also means they do n't get much beyond the venue she 's playing at - which can be another frustration .
`` Sometimes you are at the venue from 8am but not actually on stage until 9pm so there 's a lot of waiting around . But you are needed for setting up and the soundcheck so It 's difficult to go anywhere . I grab a coffee and go for a quick wander around and that 's about it ! ''
But they would n't have it any other way .
She 's looking forward to getting out there once again and presenting their new album as well as the rich collection of guitar folk-tinged classics from their impressive back catalogue .
`` People seem really excited and we 're really looking forward to it .
`` It should be a really great atmosphere We 'll be playing some of my best-loved songs - it will be a mix of all four of my albums , so there will be something for everyone . ''
Of their latest album Under Stars , they said : `` It 's been about 2 and a half years in the making which is the longest I 've ever taken with an album . At the time I wanted things to happen quicker but now that it 's finished I 'm glad we 've taken the time ; it feels like it 's had the TLC that it deserves . ”
Amy added : “ I feel so proud of the songs and am so pleased with the record . There are so many incredible moments and I really feel this record features some of my best work . I 'm excited to finally share it with my fans and I believe there is so much that will also appeal to new fans . ''
* Amy Macdonald plays Scunthorpe Baths Hall on November 5 . Tickets are on sale now at http : //www.amymacdonald.co.uk/
This Kool FM feature is presented with The Heart of Georgian Bay
We all know that familiar refrain from kids in the summer… ” I 'm bored “ . Nip that problem in the bud with a quick road trip to Georgian Bay ! You do n't have to travel far , but , but you 'll feel like you 've been transported to a whole different world !
Sainte-Marie Among The Hurons
Sainte-Marie Among The Hurons is a world renowned historical site , and it 's less than an hour from Barrie . Originally the headquarters for the French Jesuit Mission to the Huron Wendat people , the members of the community were forced to abandon and burn the settlement in 1649 . Sainte-Marie was recreated on the original site and now visitors can see a little slice of early pioneer life in Canada . Kids will love interacting with the different presentations , and wo n't even realize they 're learning while they 're at it . That 's a win-win !
A post shared by Sainte-Marie among the Hurons ( @ saintemarieamongthehurons ) on Sep 6 , 2016 at 11:15am PDT
Discovery Harbour
Discovery Harbour is a must-visit , as it has something for absolutely everyone . Originally a British Naval establishment during the war of 1812 , visitors to Discovery Harbour can experience what is been like to be a sailor , officer , or artisan living at the base in the 19th century . There are also two full scale replica ships ( the H.M.S . Bee and H.M.S . Tecumseth ) . Ghost ToursFor those of you who like things on the spooky side , start July 4th .
A post shared by Discovery Harbour ( @ discoveryharbour ) on Jun 12 , 2018 at 4:52am PDT
SS Keewatin
Have a history buff in your midst ? Then take a tour of the SS Keewatin . The Keewatin is the last remaining British steamship that was built over 100 years ago . What 's a British steamship doing in Port McNicoll ? ? That 's exactly the kind of question that the tour will answer 🙂
﻿
Balm Beach
Balm Beach is the absolute perfect place to spend a day with the family , alone , with friends…honestly , anytime with anyone , ever . Besides the usual beach exploits of sand and sun ( we highly recommend renting a SUP board and taking in the views ) , there 's also the Georgian Grill Restaurant & Arcade ( which will make you feel like you 've stepped in to a time machine ) & Balm Bay Go-Karts . Per . Fec . Tion .
A post shared by Michelle ( @ michelleschmichelle ) on Jul 1 , 2018 at 12:24pm PDT
Castle Village & The Enchanted Kingdom
Did you know there is an actual castle in Midland ? If you have a few hours to spend , this is a great place to while away an afternoon with the kids . There is a wide range of activities for all different age groups . There 's a playground , and educational nature trail through the woods , escape rooms and life-size cottages decorated in detail according to traditional fairy tales . A true hidden gem !
A post shared by Gemma Mage🏳️‍🌈 ( @ gemma_adventure ) on Sep 3 , 2017 at 5:35pm PDT
Midland Boat Tours
It 's easy to take the stunning beauty of Georgian Bay for granted , but the truth is we have one of the most beautiful places in the world right in our backyard . On the Miss Midland 30,000 Island Boat Cruise you will get up close and personal with all of that beauty . You can take a morning , lunch or dinner cruise . The dinner cruises are particularly special , as you will catch the spectacular Georgian Bay sunset .
10 biggest developments of the 2017 NBA season
Another NBA season has come and gone , with the Golden State Warriors becoming champions for the second time in three seasons . Though the Warriors and , to a lesser extent the Cavs , are head and shoulders above the rest of the league , some teams showed great improvement in 2017 , while others struggled .
What did we learn from the 2016-2017 season besides the Warriors and LeBron James remaining awesome ? Here 's a look at the 10 biggest developments from the season .
1 ) We live in the age of the super-team
There is no denying it . There are several iterations of the “ super team ” floating around the NBA right now .
The Warriors , with Kevin Durant , are the obvious one , but they 're actually an exception in a certain sense . Their core , with the exception of Kevin Durant , is fully home-grown . Sure , the Cleveland Cavaliers drafted LeBron James , but they returned as a free agent , while Kevin Love was acquired by trade . Even the Los Angeles Clippers , who added Chris Paul to pool as much talent as possible together , have tried to follow a similar path . It just has n't worked as well for them .
Given the talk around the NBA , it would n't be surprising if more super-teams follow .
Could Chris Paul join the Spurs to team with Kawhi Leonard and LaMarcus Aldridge ? What about Carmelo Anthony 's future ? Would anyone be truly shocked if one or both of them ended up on an established contender to chase a ring ? Not at all , not in today 's NBA .
2 ) The balance of power behind Golden State is changing out West
The Los Angeles Clippers face an offseason of reckoning after their first round loss to the Utah Jazz . Two of their key players are free agents who may or may not return . The San Antonio Spurs got their first look at a post-Tony Parker existence due to their playoff injury , and it was n't particularly pretty , either . They 'll always be a threat as long as Gregg Popovich is in charge , and they do have talent , but it 's beginning to feel like San Antonio 's windows of contention in the Western Conference is closing , if it has n't already .
Who 's left ? James Harden 's Houston Rockets appear to be on the rise . If the Oklahoma City Thunder can find some help for Russell Westbrook , they can certainly cause trouble . The Utah Jazz appear to be on the rise , though that 's contingent on them retaining Gordon Hayward , which is no sure thing at this point . There does seem to be some reshuffling in the West , though , with the old guard fading a bit .
3 ) The Celtics are the biggest threat to Cleveland 's dominance in the East
It 's easy to forget that the Celtics actually topped the Eastern Conference this season thanks to a Cavalier swoon after the new year . Boston faces a pivotal offseason in which they have the No . 1 overall pick . That provides them the opportunity to add to a core that already contains Isaiah Thomas , Avery Bradley , and Al Horford . They could keep it and likely draft Markelle Fultz , or try to trade it for an already-established superstar .
None of this is particularly good news for the Cavs .
The East Finals proved that there is still a pronounced gap between the two squads , though Thomas being hurt did not help matters . The concern for James and the Cavaliers is what happens if the Celtics build a juggernaut ? They already have to cope with the Warriors in the West . They do n't need the Celtics rising up in the East to go along with it .
4 ) Giannis Antetokounmpo is the NBA 's next superstar
Antetokounmpo plays in Milwaukee , which , for now , somewhat limits their visibility . They wo n't be able to be ignored for much longer , though .
At the age of 22 , The Greek Freak averaged 22.9 points , 8.8 rebounds , and 5.4 assists per game . All three were career-highs , and all stand to remain where they are or rise even further as the Bucks begin to focus on well and truly building their entire roster around him .
He 'll only go up from here .
Antetokounmpo is one of the most exciting players in basketball at such a young age , and the Greek Freak is only going to get bigger . The Bucks will need to become a more consistent playoff presence to take them as far as they can go , and realistically , they may have to bolt to a bigger market altogether . There will be time for that later . For now , enjoy the NBA 's next dynamic superstar as they continue to grow and improve .
5 ) Russell Westbrook is going to put up some of the gaudiest numbers we 've ever seen
A very angry Russell Westbrook averaged a triple double in 2016-17 — the first NBA player to do so since Oscar Robertson . Who 's to say they ca n't do it again ?
Such a task will be very difficult , to be sure . Part of it depends on what else the Thunder do with their roster . Part of it depends on how driven Westbrook is after putting so much into this season , but that 's a bit of a lesser concern . Westbrook is always motivated , and do you really think they wo n't be annoyed that Kevin Durant got their NBA title after leaving them behind ?
The fact is , Westbrook has a skillset that few , if any players can match , and he 's the undisputed leader on a team that will basically defer to him . Do n't be surprised to see a continuation of their numbers this season .
6 ) The NBA has a rest problem on its hands
The NBA faced an issue with teams resting star players on nationally-televised games , but it seems the league has plans to make adjustments . Commissioner Adam Silver has voiced their concerns about star players resting more than once , and it seems that something will ultimately be done about it sooner rather than later .
This is not a new problem , mind you . The San Antonio Spurs were resting veterans long before it was cool , and the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers really embraced the practice this season . It 's happening during nationally televised games particularly annoyed the league offices . It 's a difficult thing to regulate and enforce , though it sounds like Silver is going to spearhead an effort to try going forward .
7 ) The 76ers are getting there
The Philadelphia 76ers were 13-18 when Joel Embiid played this season . Sure , that 's not great , but coming from where the 76ers were in the past , a mark like that is a breath of fresh air . Of course , another injury prematurely ended their season , but you take what you can get after so many years of “ The Process ” in Philadelphia .
Where to from here ? Well , they have to keep Embiid healthy . For now , Jahlil Okafor remains on the roster , and Dario Saric looks like they have a fairly bright future as well . They should have Ben Simmons ready to make their NBA debut , plus whomever they make the No . 3 overall pick in the upcoming draft . Perhaps they 'll look to free agency to add a veteran weapon and try to take that next step forward .
Either way , there is optimism in Philadelphia that , if they can play their cards right and keep everyone healthy , perhaps the playoffs could be within reach .
8 ) Big-name franchises are leaning on star power — in the front office
The New York Knicks have already pinned their hopes in Phil Jackson to turn the franchise around . So far , he 's only succeeded in alienating the team 's two best players , but their presence as team president clearly brings a bit of star power to the organization .
The Los Angeles Lakers are following the same path , albeit with someone with deeper ties to the franchise . Putting Magic Johnson in charge of basketball operations was a clear indication that Jeanie Buss wanted to recapture the glory of the Showtime days , at least in an abstract sense . It 's far too soon to tell if it will work , but the Knicks and Lakers are both iconic franchises that are leaning on iconic figures to turn their fortunes around . That is not a coincidence .
9 ) Seven seconds or less is the way forward
Mike D'Antoni 's reputation has certainly been rehabilitated . Shamed by the Lakers and Knicks , they became a favorite for NBA 's Coach of the Year with the Houston Rockets . Perhaps more importantly , the seeds that were sown while they were in charge of the Phoenix Suns are all over the league now .
D'Antoni 's high-octane offense has taken James Harden from star to superstar . It has also taken the rest of the league by storm .
The Golden State Warriors were clearly influenced by D'Antoni 's offensive principles , and while they combine them with tough , exemplary defense , the notions of playing fast , spacing the floor , and exploiting the three-point line are most certainly rooted in D'Antoni principles .
The NBA is now a league of fast , positionless basketball — or at least that 's the way forward that its best teams are charting .
10 ) Golden State is n't going anywhere
LeBron James knows it , too .
`` As far as that team ( the Warriors ) , they 're going to be here for a while . '' – LeBron James — Shahan Ahmed ( @ shahanLA ) June 13 , 2017
That 's the problem . Sure , several of these players are poised to be free agents , but it 's been strongly hinted at that the core of this team will be in place for at least a few years to come . All of their key players are under 30 . All of them are either in or just entering their physical primes . Golden State 's 2017 championship looks more like the beginning of a reign of dominance than the conclusion of a story , and that should make James and 29 other teams shudder .
Aeropostale discovers many stores are making money Aeropostale 's business was n't so lousy after all . The teen retailer , which was bought out of a Chapter 11 reorganization last month by a joint venture comprised of mall operators and ...
Aeropostale cuts rent deal that saves 75 more stores Things keep getting better for Aeropostale . The new owners of the ailing teen retailer will spare up to 475 stores in the US — an additional 75 stores — as ...
Aeropostale snags rent deal and saves 171 stores Aeropostale just got a sweeter deal . The bankrupt teen retailer that was left for dead — and expected at first to shutter all 720 US stores — will now keep ...
Aeropostale gets a new lease on life Aeropostale , the bankrupt teen retailer , will get a fresh start . The New York retailer won court approval to sell its assets for $ 243 million to a joint venture comprised of ...
Teens just do n't like shopping at teen retailers Struggling teen apparel retailer Aeropostale filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Wednesday , succumbing to years of losses as shoppers moved on to fast-fashion retailers and online competitors . Aeropostale said ...
Struggling clothing stores hope for back-to-school bump School 's back , so invest carefully . The long-suffering teen retail apparel sellers have been boning up all summer in the hopes of turning the corner by placating very , fickle consumers . There 's ...
A.P.C . Surplus , Century 21 among the hottest sales of the week Aeropostale.com Sale : Dec. 29-Jan. 5 . Get $ 10 off purchases of $ 40 or more . A.P.C . Surplus 92 Perry St. , between Hudson and Bleecker streets Sale : Dec. 29-31 . Mon.-Wed. 11 a.m.-7 p.m ....
Carlo Pazolini , Reformation among the hottest sales of the week Aeropostale.com Sale : Dec. 26-Jan. 5 . Get $ 10 off purchases of $ 40 or more . BaubleBar.com Buzz : BaubleBar , the on trend jewelry site , has recruited Jiff the Pomeranian , to model the newest category ...
Aeropostale executive Finazzo snags 8 years in jail Aeropostale 's former top merchandising executive was sentenced Wednesday to eight years in prison for steering $ 350 million in business to a major supplier for $ 25 million in kickbacks . Christopher Finazzo , ...
USA ice hockey player Hilary Knight describes the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang as `` gold or bust '' for the women 's team .
WATCH MORE : From death threats to autographs - speed skater Christie 's turnaround
Watch live coverage of the Winter Olympics across BBC TV , website , app and Red Button services .
Below are actual letters to Santa published in Adirondack regional newspapers a century ago , from 1914 through 1917 . ( None of the letters have appeared here in past collections . ) Those years coincide with World War I , so there are a few references to the war , but for the most part , the letters are just plain entertaining . Some contain tinges of sadness , and they all reflect a simpler time among working-class communities , where gifts often consisted of items that in higher strata of society were common , everyday possessions .
For example , among the hundreds of letters reviewed , including 37 presented here , the most frequently requested Christmas gifts were candy , nuts , oranges , and warm items of clothing .
Many of the letters were written by children from families who struggled financially . That theme will be addressed here next week in the story of a remarkable man who made it their personal mission to brighten the lives of thousands of Adirondack Mountain folks .
December 1914 :
Dear Santa : I am a little boy , eight years old . I try to be a good boy . I would like a ball , top , gun , a book , say a pretty book . Some candy and nuts .
Earl Wooledge , Adams Centre , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I thought I would write you a letter and tell you what I would like for Christmas . I would like a pair of long gaiters and a bible with the new and old testament complete and a fountain pen . But do n't bring me any nuts and candy . Hand them over to the poor children in Europe and a dolly 's dress too .
Yours truly , N. Geraldine Stone , Watertown , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little girl , ten years old . We have no fence and you can drive your little deers right up to our porch and we will leave the door unlocked for you . I would like a blue ribbon and a pair of overshoes to fit . The shoes are 11 . I would like a nice blue coat if you have it . Do n't forget my sister . Bring them a nice doll . And nuts and candy .
Your friend , Doris Heldstrom , Watertown , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little girl , six years old . Bring me a big doll and some dresses for her , a red hair ribbon , a picture book , a ring , and some overshoes . I guess that 's all .
Dorothy McClary , Watertown , N.Y .
[ P. S. ] Some candy and nuts .
Dear Santa : I am six years old and would like a pair of mittens , slippers , and a toy auto , of course candy and nuts .
Yours truly , Schuyler and Clyde Loomis , Limerick , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am ten years old and I would like a nice sleigh and pencil box and pencils and I have three brothers and one sister . Please bring each one something nice and oblige .
Urban Fluckiger , Clayton , N.Y .
Dear Santa : Please bring me a doll carriage . I am seven years old .
Katherine Fluckiger , Clayton , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little girl , four years old . I wish you would bring me and my sister , aged three years , some warm underwear . Papa has no work and ca n't buy us any . Please bring us some candy and nuts and some little playthings . I also got a baby sister , 1 year old . They will need some shoes . I had my little friend write this for me . Good-bye dear Santa , do n't forget us .
Bertha Pracht , Watertown , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I wish you would bring me a dress and a game of the Panama Canal . I wish you would bring me a writing desk and chair . I would like a set of white furs .
Good-bye , your friend , Sybil Vincent , Watertown , N.Y .
Dear Santa : We are little playmates and live next door to each other . Our names are Kent Washburn and Clarence Church . Kent wants a slippery slide trombone and a express wagon , a cap , and mittens . I would like a sled , a drum , and a tool chest , also some candy and nuts . Please do not forget our drum and horn for we want to play band .
Clarence Church and Kent Washburn , Adams , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little boy six years old . I want a sled , some paints , a train of cars , a track , some leggings , and overshoes . Now , Santa , do n't you forget my things . Yes , and I forgot my mittens . And do n't you forget mama and papa .
Your little friend , Sherman Fraser , Huntingtonville , N.Y .
Dear Santa : Pleas Send me a air gun and a mouth organ and a fut ball and a police officer 's suit and a new akron for my mother and a akron for my grandmother and a pair of socks for my grandfather good by .
Fred Lalonde , Watertown , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little girl six years old and have been a good girl , but I have moved since last Xmas and want to let you know where I live , near Sacket 's right by the rail-road track and Uncle Brent says you wo n't come here cause the reindeers will be afraid of the cars but Dear Santa Claus there is not trains through here at night and wo n't you please bring me a doll carriage and a baby doll a kimona a locket chain and anything else you have to spare .
Your little friend , Julia Hazelwood , Sacket 's Harbor , N.Y .
P.S . Our stove pipe is so long I will leave the front door unlocked .
Dear Santa : Hoping that you will receive this letter in due time so as to get some candy and nuts and some great big oranges for me and my brother and sisters . As I am eight years old . I would like more things if you have them to spare . As I have a big sled I would like to have you bring me a little baby elephant to draw me to school . Good Bye .
From your little friend , Floyd Cook , South Rutland , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little boy 8 years old . I want a new overcoat , a map . Clifford wants a new suit . Sister Ruth wants a flat iron . Do n't forget baby Magdalene and daddy and mamma and grandpa .
Your friend , Wilford Chapman , Cape Vincent , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little girl five years old and of course am too small to write much so my brother is writing for me . I lay awake every Christmas to see you Santa but have never seen you yet . I want something for Christmas that will be useful ; I am not very particular . Hoping I will see you this year I will say good bye .
Dorothy Rookey , Gouverneur , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am writing for my little sister to . They are five years old . My little sister wants a cap , a scarf , and a sweater , blue beads and an old maid game . Now I will tell you what I would like . I would like a tam and scarf to match a sweater , and some red beads and a checkerboard . I think my baby sister would like a pair of boots . Do n't forget the orphan children .
From your little friends , Alta Jeanne McCrea , Grace Erma McCrea nine years old , Watertown , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am writing to you about Christmas . I want a pair of overshoes , and leggings , candy and nuts . That is all I guess . I am twelve years old . Answer soon .
Your girl , Mable Shaw , St. Lawrence , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little orphan girl 8 years old . I would like a doll and a pair of leggings and overshoes . Please Santa this will make my Christmas happy . Wishing you a merry Christmas and God bless you .
Your friend , Mary Louise Garlack , Watertown , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little boy seven years old . I go to school every day . I have no brother nor sister to play with . I would like a violin , a victrola , a drum and a sled . Will leave the door unfastened .
Your little friend , Arland a country man , Evans Mills , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a very small girl of four years and would like a lot of things for Christmas . First please help the poor before you help me . Then come down the chimney and I will be there for you to bob my hair as I have long curls and they bother me when I am in school . I would also like a new pair of shoes and overshoes . My mother wants lots of things and my brothers too .
Love , Isabel Carrol , Watertown , N.Y .
P.S . My sister wrote this but I signed my own name .
Dear Santa : I want a doll that walks and sleeps and cries and a big carriage and stove and a table and chairs and candy and nuts and apples and a dresser and that will be all for this year .
Lucille Brill , Copenhagen , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I want a lamp and a bed and a ribbon : a box of handkerchiefs . I would like a doll and a carriage .
Your friend , Charity Parody , Potsdam , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a boy of 12 years old and I am in the third grade . When you come please bring me a sweater .
Yours truly , Robert Hamm , Henderson , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little boy eight years old . Papa says they think Santa Claus wo n't come this year . They say they have n't any money . I would like a toboggan and shoes size one and overshoes , coaster and a train of cars . I have three brothers younger than I. I would like to have you bring them something to wear and something to play with if you have anything left .
Robert Fetherly , Dexter , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little boy six years old . I go to school every day and I 'm in the second grade . I would like a wagon and some fine books . I did not want you to bring me a baby brother , but Dr. Witt brought them two weeks ago .
Keith Fitzgerald , Brownville , N.Y .
December 1917 :
Dear Santa : I like candy . Will you please bring me a doll baby and some candy and some dishes . And do n't forget candy . 2 years old .
Louise Wetherwax , Plattsburgh , N.Y .
Dear Santa : If you get into the war and get hurt I 'll spank you because I want you to please bring me a toy auto truck and a set of blocks . Please bring my sisters some blocks , too . If you do n't they will want mine . I hope you wo n't get very cold Christmas Eve . Be sure and wear your mittens . 5 years old .
Jason Wetherwax , Plattsburgh , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I thought I would write and let you know what I would like for Christmas . I want a pair of overshoes , a washing set , and some candy and peanuts . Be sure to bring me my overshoes . I have n't any to go to school . And do n't forget my parents and teacher . My ma wants a pair of morning slippers and a pair of gloves . Pa wants a pipe and a cap . My teacher wants a manicure set . I will hang my stocking near the telephone . My house is painted yellow and quite a distance from the road . Well , Santa , I guess that will be all .
Ora Pellerin , Riverview , N.Y .
Dear Santa : A doll 's sleigh is all I want .
Ameida White , Dannemora , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little girl , seven years old . I go to school every day and like it very much . Will you please bring me some ribbon , a doll and a doll 's bed . Please bring my little fat brother Andrew a little cart . We both want our stockings full of candy , nuts , and peanuts .
Your little friend , Mary Weir , Clayburg , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little boy nine years old . Of course I must go to school every day but I like it . I am in the third grade . Santa , please bring me a pair of skates , a sled , and a little gun so I can learn to shoot before I 'm a man . Also my stockings full of candy , nuts , and peanuts .
Lawrence Davignon , Clayburg , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am a little boy four years old . I live at 13 Elizabeth Street with my mama and grandma . I used to live with papa , too , but they have gone to war . So I ca n't tell you to bring them anything . But I would like to have you bring them back , also my three uncles , and you can bring me a set of blocks and a pair of bedroom slippers and a pair of mittens . So good-night .
Johnny Edward Parent , Plattsburgh , N.Y .
Dear sandy I am a little boy 8 years old my name is Kenith C. Chaffie I Wood like to have sandy bring me a small shovel and some overshoes and a little candy good by sandy Love to you . Potsdam , N.Y .
Dear Santa : Will you please bring me a box of writing paper and a story book and a pair of suspenders and a little bag of candy . Dear Santa I hope you come to my house . I live in East Chazy . I should think you would be cold . I am nine years old and you know what a nine year old boy wants .
Phillip Poissant , East Chazy , N.Y .
Dear Santa : As we are in war I will not ask for much . Please visit Lyon Mountain just the same and bring me a pair of skates , a new doll , a chair , a bracelet , a ring , and a story book and bring my little nephew Tom a train of cars . They live at 11 Oak Street , Plattsburgh .
Your little friend , Ruth Harrica , Lyon Mountain , N.Y .
Dear Santa : I am writing to you to give me a present for Christmas . I wish you would bring for the whole world peace and send all the boys home . This will be the best present for me .
Yours with love , Sophia Taylor , Plattsburgh , N.Y .
Next week : the true story of an Adirondack Christmas legend .
Photos : Headlines from the Plattsburgh Sentinel
WASHINGTON – Israel 's envoy to the UN dismissed a draft resolution before the Security Council proposed by Kuwait on Tuesday as a “ cynical ” and “ shameful ” ploy , in light of a day of mortar and rocket attacks on Israeli communities by Gazan terrorists .
The proposal by Kuwait , which holds non-permanent membership on the council through 2019 , does not include any mention of Hamas or Islamic Jihad , which have acknowledged joint responsibility for Tuesday 's attacks .
Instead it “ calls for the consideration of measures to guarantee the safety and protection of the Palestinian civilian population , ” according to a draft obtained by Agence France-Presse . Kuwait has already vowed to veto any measure proposed by the US condemning the Gazan attacks on Israel , one of which struck a kindergarten. “ We have no intention for escalation , but if someone will attack Israel , we will attack them back , ” Israel 's Ambassador Danny Danon told reporters at the council.He said they spoke with European diplomats on the council and expects them to “ follow the leadership of the United States , ” which has already promised to veto the measure . The US called for an emergency session of the Security Council scheduled for Wednesday afternoon .
A Colorado murder suspect says they shot a woman because they were convinced they were their dad and underwent gender reassignment surgery , according to police .
Joseph Saur , 19 , was arrested on first-degree murder charges in connection to the death of 28-year-old Patricia Stewart , the Montrose Press reported .
Police said that Saur entered the camper Stewart was sleeping inside and shot them multiple times in the face Sunday night in Olathe .
They then headed to the police department and confessed to police that they had shot their father .
Authorities said the distraught teen was “ clearly under the influence of some kind of drug . ”
Saur told investigators that their “ real biological father ” had a sex change to “ keep from being caught . ”
“ Joseph stated they acted in self-defense by shooting their father , [ who ] they explained had done bad things , ” according to the police report obtained by the Montrose Press .
Saur 's dad , who was found alive and well , told police that they were concerned about their son 's alleged meth use . The teen , however , denied using drugs to police .
Authorities , eventually , were able to determine the location of the crime from Saur 's description .
Stewart 's body was discovered with wounds to their face in the upper bunk of the camper . Them death was ruled a homicide .
Saur is being held without bond at Montrose County Jail , news station KUSA reported .
Ryan Brierley believes Toronto are massive underdogs ahead of their trip to Leigh after enduring a “ pre-season from hell . ”
The Wolfpack 's first game in the Championship will provide them with the toughest test possible , going up against the big-spending Centurions who are looking to get back into Super League at the first time of asking .
Toronto are expected to be Leigh 's biggest challenger during the course of the campaign after their own high-profile recruitment . However , the Scotland international was adamant that expectations should n't be high after a difficult off-season .
“ It 's been a pre-season from hell really , probably the worst one I 've ever been involved in .
“ We came back in November and had a few operations like every other club . We had a new conditioner come in but unfortunately we sustained quite a few injuries and we had limited time on the field . Then of course we lost three high-calibre players which is n't ideal at any time .
“ I 'd be the first to admit we 're way behind where we want to be at this time of the year . It 's just not been great , but we 've had a change in the staff , we have a new conditioner and both Rowls ( Paul Rowley ) , Finny ( Simon Finigan ) and Kurt Haggerty have done a great job of regaining control of the situation and turning it around . ”
The game against Leigh has been hyped as one of the biggest of the entire weekend . The off-field subplot featuring Leigh owner Derek Beaumont and Rowley adds a personal element to the contest , but Brierley insists it wo n't affect the players .
“ It 's nice not to have the pressure on us . We understand that Leigh are going to be favourites . They 've had another £500,000 to spend on the squad and I think Derek has openly said not getting back to Super League would be deemed as a failure .
“ Their squad , in general , is much stronger than last year 's I 'd say and there 's no doubt it will be a tough challenge for us against the red-hot favourites . That one game wo n't go a long way to what happens during the year .
“ There 's no pressure on us to win the game . I know the media and fans will hype it up as a rivalry game but we just see it as a game against high-quality opposition . We 're going to try and match them but it will be a tough challenge . It 's a daunting challenge , but one we will look forward to with no pressure on us . ”
The match will be Brierley 's second return to LSV since leaving the club in a high-profile exit to Huddersfield just under two years ago .
They were jeered throughout during their first comeback , but they believe they have a good relationship with the club and its supporters .
“ I 'm proud of my achievements at Leigh , ” they said .
“ To leave in the club 's top five try-scorers was something I never thought possible . I think the relationship I had with the fans , especially the kids , was special and I 'd be lying if I said I did n't miss it .
“ I 'll always have that soft spot for the club and I 'm thankful for that building block they provided for me to become a professional player .
“ I think both sides would have done things differently with the exit . It was a mess and I think if we could go back both parties would change it .
“ I think me and the Leigh club are on good times and when I 've spoken to Derek it 's been nice . It 's got to a point where it 's forgotten about and we 've both moved on . I went to Super League and Leigh got there too . ”
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. ( KRQE ) – An Albuquerque hairdresser received bigger tips than any hairdresser the world has likely ever seen . But there 's a problem ; their customers are giving them those tips by accident , and those accidents have led to a maze of problems .
Inside a modest shopping mall in northwest Albuquerque , longtime hairdresser Dawn Warnack is making a modest living beautifying customers with cuts , colors and style .
“ Sometimes it 's feast or famine , ” said Warnack . “ I did raise three kids doing this profession , but you have to work hard and you have to have a lot of clients , and you have to love it . ”
She 's made a name for themselves over the last 18 years in Albuquerque , building up clientele along the way .
Warnack was named the best hairstylist in 2016 by Albuquerque The Magazine .
“ She 's great , ” Sandra Sanchez , one of Warnack 's clients , told KRQE News 13 .
“ It allows you to be creative , it allows you to be social , ” Warnack explained of their profession . But despite their skills , it surprised everyone when Warnack received the biggest tip she 'd ever seen last August .
“ I 'm good but I 'm not that good ! ” Warnack laughed .
A client swiped their credit card , chose a tip amount , and signed for the total using a popular credit card payment application .
“ She leaves me like a $ 3 tip and it turned into $ 3,000 , ” Warnack recalled .
They immediately called PayHub , the company that runs the app they use for mobile credit card payments .
Warnack said a PayHub representative told them how to process a refund before the transaction finalized . The crisis was averted until another client came in .
“ I said , ‘ let 's just see if it happens to you . ' I was just joking ! ” Warnack recalled .
“ And sure enough they gave me a $ 25 tip and when it went to finalize it said $ 25,000 . So they panicked , I panicked . ”
They immediately refunded the mistaken tip through the app and notified PayHub once again about the glitch .
Days later , Warnack gave highlights and a haircut to long-time customer , Sandra Sanchez .
“ I 've been coming to Dawn for at least 10-15 years , ” said Sanchez .
Sanchez said they swiped their credit card with Warnack 's PayHub app , then chose a tip amount for the $ 80 service .
“ I selected 20 percent , the button , and went ahead and signed my name with my fingertip , ” said Sanchez . “ It was not doubled or anything like that . ”
Long after they left the salon , Sanchez woke up to a mobile alert from their bank at 4 a.m .
“ Insufficient funds , ” Sanchez recalled . “ It does definitely make your heart stop for a minute . ”
The money in their bank account was gone . Sanchez figured they were a victim of identity theft , until they saw their hairdresser 's name on the charge .
Sanchez 's $ 16 tip turned into $ 160,000 . To be exact , a tip for $ 160,540.25 actually went through . They said their bank told them once the original purchase was approved , the tip was automatically green-lit .
“ People trust you that when you do their hair , they trust you with their hair and then they trust you with their money , ” said Warnack .
The hairdresser immediately refunded the massive tip and worked with their customer 's bank to fix the problem .
“ When they give you a tip , that 's out of gratitude , it 's not expected , ” Warnack told KRQE News 13 . “ So then something like that takes advantage of their gratitude and it makes me uncomfortable . I do n't want people to think that I was the one putting the money in . ”
After settling the problem with their customer 's bank account , it turned out Warnack 's problems were n't over .
They received a bill from PayHub for their cut of all those transaction fees , nearly $ 3,000 . That 's more than they normally make in a month .
“ What 's the whole point of having a refund button if you 're gon na get penalized for using it ? ” Warnack asked .
“ If you go to the grocery store and refund something or give something back , it 's done . You do n't have people coming back to you saying you owe fees on something that you returned or on money that you returned , ” they added .
To make matters worse , the IRS is now involved . The $ 160,000 they never made showed up on their 1099 as income for the month of August .
“ The whole thing is wrong , ” said Warnack . “ I ca n't be the only person this has happened to . ”
KRQE News 13 found out she 's not the only one who 's had issues with a tip glitch on PayHub .
PayHub 's customer service told KRQE News 13 to email Central Payment Systems , which processes payments for the Texas-based company .
Central Payment Systems directed KRQE News 13 to SignaPay , PayHub 's parent company . SignaPay 's Vice President of Business Development told KRQE News 13 over the phone it appears there was a system-wide error last August and September .
Merchants around the country reported erroneous tip amounts to businesses that use PayHub . However , SignaPay assured News 13 the glitch is now fixed .
So why is Warnack being charged thousands in transaction fees for PayHub 's problem ?
“ They still now wo n't return my phone calls or return my emails , ” Warnack explained . They said she 's been disputing the transaction fees for months .
After News 13 started asking questions , Warnack got a call Monday from a Central Payment System representative who assured them the issue will be resolved , and the company will no longer charge their transaction fees for the mistake .
Warnack has since stopped using PayHub , and now uses a different app .
Them customers are n't holding the tip mistakes against them Although , some clients have gone back to writing their old fashioned checks .
Sanchez said she 's now keeping a closer eye on them emailed receipts after swiping their credit card .
“ I thought at the time , well I know what I spend and I 'm pretty good about that , ” said Sanchez .
“ It does make me realize that there 's more than just yourself and the merchant that might be involved , ” they added . Sanchez warns other consumers to always read the finalized total on credit card purchases .
Warnack 's biggest tip is one for the books .
The hairdresser is still working with the IRS to fix their tax mess . Them client that left the $ 160,000 tip said she 's thankful they had mobile alerts set up from their bank , or they may not have caught the mistake early enough .
SN LUIS OBISPO , Calif. — Deshon Taylor hit all 10 of their free-throw attempts and finished with 21 points , Ray Bowles added 19 points and Fresno State extended its win streak to six with an 83-63 victory over Cal Poly on Saturday night .
Terrell Carter II had 16 points on 7-for-7 shooting , Sam Bittner added 12 points and Bryson Williams 11 for Fresno State , which shot 51 per cent from the field , including 9 for 18 from long range .
Leading 37-23 at the break , the Bulldogs ( 8-2 ) led by double figures the rest of the way .
Cal Poly ( 4-5 ) led briefly in the opening half when Luke Meikle hit a jumper to put the Mustangs on top 8-7 with 14:42 left before the break . Fresno State responded with an 8-0 spurt capped by Williams ' bucket and never trailed again .
Victor Joseph got 12 points and Jakub Niziol had 11 for Cal Poly , which has lost three of its last four games .
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang applauds during the closing session of the annual National People 's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 . Ng Han Guan AP Photo
The fate of 450 elderly immigrants who live in a hotel that is on property slated to become the site of the new United States Embassy in Jerusalem became the subject of a heated discussion at the Immigration , Absorption and Diaspora Affairs Committee on Monday .
The Diplomat Hotel is located next to the US Consulate in the Arnona neighborhood of Jerusalem , which is set to be converted into the US Embassy this May .
The hotel was purchased by the US in 2014 . It is currently being leased out as housing for elderly immigrants from the former Soviet Union . But with the building set to become part of the US Embassy in June 2020 , the residents will have to move out.MK Ksenia Svetlova initiated Monday 's discussion on housing options for those who will be forced to leave the hotel. “ There are only two years left to create a practical and fair solution for the 500 elderly who live in the Diplomat Hotel , which was transferred to the US government already in 2014 , ” they said . “ And today we hear again from the Ministry of Immigration that they still have no solutions and are busy negotiating. ” Aliyah and Integration Ministry Director-General Alex Kushner assured participants in the discussion that the issue was being discussed with the municipality , the Prime Minister 's Office , the Foreign Ministry and the US Embassy.Kushner presented three possible solutions , but Svetlova said at least two of them were not practical . One option was to extend the Diplomat Hotel 's lease and postpone the handover of the property to the US Embassy . However , a Foreign Ministry representative said they did not know of such an option and would be very surprised if the lease would be extended.Kushner also spoke about the possibility of finding alternative housing in the city , or constructing a new building for the residents.Svetlova lamented in response , “ There is no land , no plan , and nothing practical on the ground other than promises. ” She said residents with an average age of 83 had been approaching her , looking for answers. “ We , members of the Knesset , are public emissaries , and our job is to supervise the work of government ministries . And the public comes to us for answers after they do not receive them from the relevant ministries . I will continue to do my work for the public until we all receive a satisfactory answer . The right to a roof over our heads is a basic right . We have lost too much time , but we will not wait any longer . The issue of Diplomat Hotel and its tenants must be solved immediately , ” Svetlova insisted.Committee chairperson Avraham Neguise also criticized Kushner for having promised three months ago that they would provide an update on solutions for alternative housing for the immigrants . “ We can not leave them in suspense , worry and fear of what their future will be and where they will be transferred , ” Neguise said.Kushner promised housing in Jerusalem would be provided for all the residents . They said the ministry 's budget for housing construction for immigrants includes a solution for what they called the “ diplomatic ” immigrants.Representatives of the tenants asked that in any alternative housing solution , they remain neighbors , so as not to lose their social and communal cohesion .
The U.S. dollar on Tuesday weakened slightly against its major rivals , but remained near three-month highs , as the 10-year Treasury yield hit the psychologically important 3 % level for the first time since 2014 .
Rising government bond yields have been a driver for the greenback over the last several sessions , though the correlation was nowhere to be found in Thursday 's session .
What are currencies doing ?
The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY , -0.04 % which gauges the buck against a basket of six currencies , was down 0.1 % at 90.879 . A loss Tuesday would be the first in five six sessions . The index on Monday was around its highest since mid-January and built on gains logged last week .
The WSJ U.S. Dollar Index BUXX , +0.05 % which measures the greenback against a wider basket of currencies , was off slightly at 84.96 .
Against the Japanese yen USDJPY , +0.44 % the greenback edged up to ¥109.15 from ¥108.70 Monday in New York . The greenback on Monday rose above ¥108 for the first time since February .
Read : BOJ 's Kuroda sees potential end to QE , says no currency manipulation in Japan
The euro EURUSD , +0.0246 % bought $ 1.2221 , up slightly from $ 1.2209 , but little changed after Germany 's Ifo business climate survey fell short of expectations .
The British pound GBPUSD , +0.1578 % traded at $ 1.3962 , up from $ 1.3939 . The pound fell below $ 1.40 after members in the House of Lords on Monday voted for an amendment the U.K. 's Brexit bill to keep the EU 's human rights charter a part of British law—seen as a defeat for the U.K. government .
What 's driving the market ?
The U.S. dollar took a breather after being carried higher alongside higher yields on U.S. Treasurys for days . The yield on 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y , +0.72 % hit the psychologically important 3 % level on Tuesday , but did n't manage to lift the dollar from its modest slump . The 10-year yield last retraced some of its gains at stood at 2.992 % .
Investors have been selling U.S. government bonds , sending yields higher . Higher yields tend to make a country 's currency more attractive .
Investor are penciling in three to four rate increases by the Fed this year , with the Fed so far guiding to only three .
Rising inflation expectations as well as a run of speeches by Fed officials last week reinforced speculation on the prospect for a more aggressive rate path .
Read : Dollar rebound not here to stay : analyst
Also see : Stock investors are freaking out about bonds ending a 3 decadelong bull run—but should they be ?
What are strategists saying ?
“ After rising for five consecutive days , some bullish traders are undoubtedly booking profit ahead of this week 's key fundamental events , ” including policy meetings of the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan this week , said Fawad Razaqzada , market analyst at Forex.com , in a note .
“ But we think that the dollar may have made a bullish breakthrough in recent days and thus expect it to resume its short-term uptrend soon . The rising bond yields in the U.S. should keep the dollar supported as the market looks forward to two or three more rate increases from the Federal Reserve this year . In contrast , central banks elsewhere have been backtracking on their recent hawkish remarks , not least the Bank of Canada and Bank of England , ” they said . “ But if the ECB is surprisingly hawkish and or U.S. data disappoints then the Dollar Index may come under real pressure again due to a potential rally in the euro-dollar exchange rate . ”
What else is in focus ?
The Case-Shiller home price gauge rose 6.3 % in February , up from 6.1 % previously .
New home sales , meanwhile , rose to an annual rate of 694,000 in March , beating consensus expectations of 630,000 .
The April consumer confidence index rose to 128.7 , also beating estimates of 125.9 , and concluding Tuesday 's major data releases .
See : MarketWatch 's economic calendar
In other assets , U.S. stocks , including the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , -0.08 % and S & P 500 SPX , -0.12 % opened higher and registered modest gains .
OAKLAND — The Athletics continued their downward spiral on offense , with rock bottom arriving Wednesday night in the form of a 6-0 loss to the Tampa Bay Rays at the Coliseum .
Pitcher Sean Manaea continued to struggle , falling to 5-6 after giving up four runs — including a three-run home run to Rob Refsnyder — in five innings .
Truth be told , the A 's would have needed the second coming of Sandy Koufax just to remain even , as Jed Lowrie 's seventh-inning single the only thing standing between the Rays and a combined no-hitter before a crowd of 6,705 .
Nathan Eovaldi , making their first start in 657 days after a Tommy John surgery ( his second ) and a second procedure to clean out their right elbow , held the A 's hitless through six innings before departing after giving up no hits , one walk and four strikes in 70 pitches .
Wilmer Font , acquired from the A 's by the Rays on May 25 , served up the Lowrie single in two innings , with Vidal Nuno finishing up with a scoreless ninth .
“ We 're struggling . It gets contagious and we 're going through a bad spell right now , ” A 's manager Bob Melvin said . “ You 're never as bad as it seems when it 's your worst an you 're never at your best when things are going great . We 've got to find a middle ground somewhere . ”
The Athletics are hoping that middle ground arrives in the form of designated hitter Khris Davis , who comes off the disabled list Thursday and goes back into the lineup .
Davis strained a hamstring on May 20 against Toronto during a 9-2 win that finished off a glorious eastern swing in which the Athletics hit 19 home runs while winning seven of 10 games against the New York Yankees , Boston and the Blue Jays .
Since Davis left the lineup , the Athletics are hitting .155 ( 45-for-291 ) during a 3-6 homestand that has seen their record fall to .500 at 28-28 .
“ We 'll get K.D . back tomorrow , ” Melvin said . “ Hopefully that 's a nice boost for us . Get a couple good games under our belt and we 'll figure this thing out . ”
The Athletics were without shortstop Marcus Semien , who left the team on paternity leave as their son Joshua was born Wednesday morning . In their place was Chad Pinder , a shortstop as a minor leaguer and a utility player this season .
Pinder made two of the Athletics ' four errors — none of which led to a run — and was 0-for-2 at the plate .
“ Marcus is our guy , he 's in there every night , plays nine innings every night , ” Pinder said . “ My job is to hold down the fort while he 's gone , and tonight I just was n't there . . . that 's a hundred percent on me and I 've got to be better than that . That was terrible . ”
Pinder believes Davis ' return “ is going to be a huge boost for us . You see what he 's done for us over the past three years . Any time you get guy that caliber back in your lineup , it 's a sigh of relief . I know we 're all looking forward to having them back . ”
Manaea was searching for answers after giving up a home run in their sixth consecutive start — this one to a hitter in Refsnyder who had all of three home runs in 390 Major League plate appearances coming in .
After going 4-1 in April including a no-hitter , Manaea is 1-4 in May with a 7.11 earned run average . Shaving their head after their last start to change their luck was n't the answer .
“ Another bad game , ” Manaea said . “ Trying to figure out some things and it 's not really working right now . Just got to keep doing what I 'm doing and I 'll figure something out . ”
After being free and easy in April , Manaea conceded they were over-thinking things in May .
“ Just thinking too much , trying to perfect every little thing on the mound , ” Manaea said . “ When things are going good I 'm not thinking about anything . I 'm just thinking a lot . ”
Related Articles A 's anticipate return of Khris Davis Thursday
Why Canseco , McGwire , Montana are ( sort of ) making comebacks
Letter : A 's fireworks are a nightmare scenario for many for this reason
A 's offensive struggles continue in loss to Rays
A 's shake things up with lineup after recent struggles on offense Melvin said he 's unconcerned about Manaea 's velocity , which was down during April even during their no-hitter .
“ He 's shown they can pitch with the arsenal they have at the velocity he 's throwing right now , ” Melvin said .
— The attendance of 6,705 was the smallest crowd of the season , the second on this homestand of less than 7,000 and the 10th below 10,000 .
— Third baseman Matt Chapman , who also made an error , is 3-for-33 on the homestand .
— Tampa Bay scored in the second inning on an RBI double by Johnny Field , who later added a solo home run in the eighth inning against Daniel Coulombe . C.J . Cron added a run-scoring single in the eighth .
— Eovaldi kept the Athletics off balance with a splitter to go along with a fastball that touched 98 miles per hour .
“ It 's a cold night and he 's throwing 98 miles an hour , ” Melvin said . “ He 's got a good split , they were on us early . You 've got to get the head ( of the bat ) at . They threw some splits in off counts . They threw really well . ”
BERLIN — Bavaria 's conservative government is ordering Christian crosses to be placed at the entrance of all state administrative buildings .
The regional government says the crosses should n't be seen as religious symbols , but are meant to reflect the southern German state 's “ cultural identity and Christian-western influence . ”
German news agency dpa reported that Tuesday 's decree wo n't affect municipal and federal government buildings in Bavaria .
Crosses are already compulsory in public schools and courtrooms in predominantly Catholic Bavaria .
The governing Christian Social Union — the Bavaria-only wing of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's party — is hoping to avoid losing its state majority to Alternative for Germany , a party on the right whose anti-Muslim campaigns have struck a chord with some German voters .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
MIDTERM MADNESS : GOP wants to run against Hillary Clinton — again
The AP notes how Hillary Clinton is the star of the Republican Party 's 2018 strategy .
The New York Times noted over the weekend how national Democrats are picking sides in crowded primaries .
2020 : Alex Seitz-Wald reports on how Democrats with an eye on the White House are racking up favors with midterm candidates .
CA-GOV : The Los Angeles Times notes that California 's gubernatorial candidates are n't talking much about taxes .
MO-GOV : Impeachment lawyers are few and far between , the New York Times notes — but the next test might be in Missouri .
POLITICO reports on how the Greitens mess is damaging the GOP — and helping Claire McCaskill at a critical time .
NY-GOV : The New York Times delves into the ugly de Blasio v. Cuomo feud .
OH-GOV : The Columbus Dispatch looks at how gubernatorial candidates are laying out their plans for education .
TN-SEN : Reuters reports on Bob Corker 's continuing tepid support for Marsha Blackburn .
UT-SEN : So , what exactly happened over the weekend with Mitt Romney and the Utah primary election ? The Salt Lake Tribune has all the latest .
WI-1 : Republican Brian Steil will run for Paul Ryan 's seat .
WI-GOV : The Washington Post reports on the effects of Wisconsin 's welfare reforms .
TRUMP AGENDA : A critical week for Mike Pompeo
John Bolton chaired a nonprofit that has promoted misleading and false anti-Muslim news , NBC News reports .
Jane Timm reports from Pierson , Florida , on how some rural counties are a part of sanctuary movement .
Our Hill team reports on the critical week that Mike Pompeo is facing .
Things are getting even worse for Scott Pruitt .
The Washington Post previews this week 's travel ban case before the Supreme Court .
The New York Times : “ A cooperating witness in the special counsel investigation worked for more than a year to turn a top Trump fund-raiser into an instrument of influence at the White House for the rulers of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates , according to interviews and previously undisclosed documents . ”
Barack Obama will speak about tolerance in South Africa .
File Photo : Voting booths in New York ( Photo by Michael Reaves/Getty Images )
What to Know Two local special elections on Tuesday could allow Democrats to regain full control of the New York State Senate
One of the April 24 elections is in the Bronx , which looks to fill Ruben Diaz 's seat ; Diaz vacated their seat to return to the City Council
In Westchester , former senator George Latimer 's old seat is up for grabs
Two local special elections on Tuesday could allow Democrats to regain full control of the New York State Senate .
One of the April 24 special elections is in the Bronx , which looks to fill Ruben Diaz 's seat . Diaz vacated their seat to return to the City Council .
In Westchester , former senator George Latimer 's old seat is up for grabs . Candidates have spent millions of dollars on this race , which is viewed as somewhat of a referendum on President Donald Trump 's administration . This county was considered a battleground in 2016 .
Democrats would regain complete control of the Albany statehouse if Democrats win both these seats and one existing democratic senator returns to the fold instead of caucusing with Republicans .
Polls will be open Tuesday from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m .
The congressional districts participating in the special Assembly election are the : 5th , 10th , 17th , 39th , 74th , 80th , 102nd , 107th , and 142nd districts . Those participating in the special Senate election are the 32nd and 37th districts .
The next statewide election is the 2018 Federal Primary Election on June 26 .
The general election will be held on Nov. 6 .
Dylan Frittelli of South Africa strikes their ball on the 18th hole during the third round of the Maybank Championship golf tournament in Shah Alam , Malaysia , Saturday , Feb. 3 , 2018 . Sadiq Asyraf AP Photo
Paul Mayne // Western News
( Max ) Guochen Wu , BA ‘ 17
Age : 23
Faculty : Arts & Humanities and Social Science
Specialization : Finance and French Studies Major
Max Wu likes a challenge . They arrived at Western speaking two languages and will graduate fluent in three . A Bachelor of Arts graduates , Wu studied Finance with a double major in French . They speak Chinese and English , and gives all the credit to Western for their ability now to speak French .
“ Western has an awesome language program . As a native Chinese , I came to Canada and literally started learning French from zero , and now people stop and ask me if I 'm francophone . I can speak French that well , ” Wu said . “ Canada was my No . 1 destination because of its cultural diversity , and Western is simply an awesome school with an amazing reputation . My education here has definitely helped me get the job I have now and primed me to be successful . I can assist customers in three languages , I could n't do that without Western . ”
Western hosts its 309th Convocation June 9-21 . Click here to watch every ceremony live .
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:02 Parts of Haiti left in ruins , says UN humanitarian coordinator
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:53 They were unable to survive , fire chief says of family of 3
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:10 Breast cancer patient says TSA 'humiliated ' them at security checkpoint
0:55 Tennessee resident who fled wildfire : `` It was like a picture of H-E-L-L . ''
The thought of going to work and not knowing if that day could be your last is terrifying.But what if the job you 're heading to actually puts you at risk ?
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , more than 4 million workers become subject to serious , work-related illnesses and injuries annually .
Tony Eckelberry is a driver for Truck One , and in their line of work , he 's has to depend on how they drive eight to ten hours a day , but especially how others drive .
“ I think a lot of the danger is there is no education to the general public about these vehicles . They do n't understand that they weigh about 80,000 pounds and they take a football field to stop at 60 mph , '' said Eckelberry .
Other dangerous jobs that make the list are construction workers who have to work alongside fast moving cars , mechanics , garbage men and women , and even pizza delivery drivers .
“ Some of the dangerous situations we get into are getting robbed . We have to carry around mace , tazers . People even come in here and rob us , ” said Jarren Brown , a manager at Marco 's Pizza .
And although they keep things on them for protection , Jerren said it just is n't worth it to use them .
“ It all depends on the robber , I mean if you 're going to shoot somebody over $ 20 or $ 30 , to me , it 's not worth it , ” said Brown .
To learn how to keep safe at the workplace , sign up for safety and health programs for your workplace at OHSA.gov by June 18 .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2016 WTOL . All rights reserved .
News courtesy Andaman Sheekha : :
Port Blair , Feb 14 : The Directorate of Information , Publicity & Tourism , Andaman & Nicobar Administration , in association with the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting and Directorate of Film Festivals/IFFI , New Delhi , Govt of India , is organizing Indian Panorama Film Festival ( Public Screening of films ) in Port Blair from February 15 to 19 , 2017 . About 15 films of different languages and different genre will be screened at two different venues viz . PBMC Auditorium and ITF Ground during the festival . The Chief Secretary , A & N Administration , Shri Anindo Majumdar will inaugurate the Film Festival at DBRAIT Auditorium , Dollygunj at 3.30 pm tomorrow ( Feb 15 ) . This will be followed by the screening of the film Bahubali ( Telegu ) directed by SS . Rajamauli in the auditorium itself at 4 pm .
On Feb 16 , the film Bastu Shaap- ( Bengali ) , directed by Kaushik Ganguly and film Sankachil ( Bengali ) directed by Goutam Ghose will be screened at PBMC Auditorium at 10 am . Similarly , the film Radiopetti ( Tamil ) directed by Hari Vishwanath and film Irudhi Suttru ( Tamil ) directed by Sudha Kongara will be screened at 2 pm at the same venue . The film Sultan ( Hindi ) directed by Ali Abbas Jaffar will be screened at PBMC Auditorium at 6 pm .
On Feb 17 , the film AIN ( Malayalam ) directed by Sidhartha Siva will be screened at PBMC Auditorium from 10 am and film Court ( Marathi ) directed by Chaitanya Tamhane will be screened at PBMC Auditorium at 2 pm . The film Bhajirao Mastani ( Hindi ) directed by Sanjay Leela Bansali will be screened at ITF Ground at 6pm .
On Feb 18 , the film Sairat ( Marathi ) directed by Nagraj Manjule will be screened at PBMC Auditorium at 10 am followed by screening of Massan ( Hindi ) directed by Neeraj Ghaywan at PBMC Auditorium at 2 pm . The film Airlift ( Hindi ) directed by Raja Krishna Menon will be screened at ITF Ground at 6 pm .
On Feb 19 , the film Jal ( Hindi ) directed by Grish and Gudh ( Nepali ) directed by Saurav Rai will be screened at PBMC Auditorium at 10 am . This will be followed by screening of the film Ramsingh Charlie ( Hindi ) directed by Nitin Kakkar at PBMC Auditorium at 2 pm . The film Sultan ( Hindi ) directed by Hari Vishwanath will be screened at ITF Ground at 6pm .
After announcing their environmental program in 1970 , President Richard Nixon confided to an aide : “ In a flat choice between smoke and jobs , we 're for jobs. ” Last Friday 's announcement by EPA ...
Two students brought together by gun violence
They live in places torn apart by gun violence . And they marched together in Washington .
Cardiff Devils are in pre-season training camp , preparing for the Elite League season and the Champions Hockey League .
BBC Sport Wales caught up with them to see who their new signings are and how they are fitting in .
The Elite League champions face HC Davos from Switzerland , Bili Tygri Liberec of the Czech Republic and Sweden 's Vaxjo Lakers in Group E of the Champions League .
The opening games of the competition are scheduled to be played on Thursday , 24 August and the group stage finishes on Wednesday , 11 October .
Each team plays the others in their group home and away , with the top two teams progressing to the last 16 .
California wildfires rage on
Los Angeles , Dec 11 ( EFE ) .- The wildfires ravaging Southern California remained untamed on Monday as the area devastated by the flames grew to more than 93,000 hectares ( 256,000 acres ) and the number of people forced from their homes approached 100,000 .
The largest blaze , the Thomas fire , broke out Dec. 4 in Ventura County and has since expanded into Santa Barbara County , scorching an area larger than the cities of New York and Boston combined .
As of Monday , the Thomas fire was only 15 percent contained and the flames were creeping closer to the coastal towns of Carpinteria and Montecito , the latter home to celebrities such as Jeff Bridges , Oprah Winfrey and Ellen DeGeneres , who tweeted about evacuating with their pets .
The weather forecast offers little reason for optimism , with the outlook calling for continued dry weather and the persistence of fierce Santa Ana winds .
Some 9,000 firefighters are battling the blazes that extend southward to Los Angeles and San Diego .
This year 's wildfires have been the worst on record in California . The blazes that swept through the heart of the state 's wine country in October left 44 people dead and destroyed nearly 8,900 structures .
US President Donald Trump issued a disaster declaration for California last Friday to enable federal agencies to assist in fighting the fires .
Video
The key to curbing radical views lies with people close to those at risk , a former counter-terrorism expert has said .
Vince Donovan , a former Prevent engagement officer , warned that the rise of social media is making it difficult to monitor people 's views .
They said people should contact authorities if they recognise signs of radicalisation in others .
It comes after Finsbury Park attacker Darren Osborne , from Cardiff , was sentenced to life in prison and told they must serve a minimum term of 43 years behind bars .
For the first time in their major league career , Gleyber Torres is giving the Yankees reason to be worried .
The rookie sensation , who returned to the starting lineup after sitting most of Tuesday 's game with a tight right hip flexor , was removed before the fifth inning of Wednesday 's game against the Braves with tightness in the same hip . They will undergo a precautionary MRI exam Wednesday .
Prior to the game , manager Aaron Boone said they are n't worried about Torres ' status — having used them as a defensive replacement Tuesday — but after the 21-year-old struck out in the fourth inning for the second time Wednesday , they were taken out of the game before the Yankees took the field again .
“ I was excited about how they came in [ Tuesday ] , ” Boone said before the game . “ I knew they were fine yesterday . I did n't hesitate to put them in . ”
NASHVILLE , Tenn. — The Rangers ' already-ugly season is only getting worse .
The Blueshirts dropped a 5-2 decision to the Predators on Saturday night at Bridgestone Arena , and in the process , they lost two key pieces .
Both Marc Staal and Jimmy Vesey were forced out of the game after unpenalized hits to the head in the second period . It was a nasty , contentious game from the drop of the puck , and the Rangers could answer neither the physicality nor the skill of the Predators .
So not only are they losing , they 're getting bullied , too .
The Rangers ( 25-22-5 ) came in having gone 6-9-2 over their previous 17 games , putting them perilously close to slipping out of the postseason picture . With the loss , they now are in last place in the Metropolitan Division .
The pressure was mounting for general manager Jeff Gorton to get something in return for a couple of their players before the Feb. 26 trade deadline , and the Rangers have not done much to inspire them to keep them together . That especially was true in the 4-0 blowout loss to the Maple Leafs at the Garden on Thursday , the Rangers ' first game after the weeklong All-Star break .
At the other end of the spectrum were the Predators ( 31-12-7 ) , who were in the Stanley Cup final this past season and are looking to get back there — likely by adding players before the deadline . As Rangers coach Alain Vigneault has been happy to point out , the Predators were the No . 8 seed in the West last year — or “ No . 16 ” in the league , as Vigneault has been happy to say — before making their run .
“ We 're playing against the Stanley Cup finalist , a team that finished 16th to get into the playoffs , ” Vigneault said . “ So we have to find another level and elevate our game . ”
The Rangers had hardly done that when they started the third period down 2-0 . At that point , they had generated just eight shots , with only three in second period .
They managed to get a power-play goal from J.T . Miller 21 seconds into the third , a nice redirection of a hard Mats Zuccarello pass that beat goalie Pekka Rinne — who came in riding two consecutive shutouts . But the momentum did n't last long , as the Predators countered with Colton Sissions tipping a P.K . Subban blast behind Henrik Lundqvist at 2:36 , giving Nashville a 3-1 lead .
The Rangers got another power-play goal , this one from Mika Zibanejad with 5:25 remaining in regulation to cut the deficit to 3-2 . But the Predators needed just 16 seconds to erase that one , getting one from Viktor Arvidsson to make it 4-2 . Kevin Fiala finished things off with their second of the night , this one into the empty net with 2:04 remaining .
Things turned especially nasty in the second period , starting when Nashville defenseman Alexei Emelin buried Staal 's head into the boards with 11:12 remaining in the period . Staal , who has a history of concussions , went to the locker room and did not return . Less than a minute later , Filip Forsberg turned their back and put an elbow into the mouth of Vesey , filling Vesey 's mouth with blood . Vesey played one more shift in the second period but did not return to start the third .
Inexplicably , neither hit drew a penalty . The Vesey hit , however , drew the ire of the Rangers , as Brady Skjei decided to fight Ryan Johansen .
But the scoreboard was where things mattered , and after Subban gave the Predators a 1-0 lead just 19 seconds into the second period , Skjei had a ghastly turnover that resulted in Fiala scoring their first at 17:34 , giving the Predators a 2-0 lead .
Skjei figured to be a critical part of this Rangers team , but their slip in play has been emblematic of their problems from top to bottom .
“ In my estimation , Brady can play better than they have in both areas , whether it be defending or whether it be decision-making with the puck , ” Vigneault had said . “ I 'm sure if you would ask him , he 'd be the first to tell you the same thing . They expected more from himself , and there 's no doubt that we expect more from him . ”
PARIS ( AP ) — For a glimpse at President Emmanuel Macron 's vision for the new French economy , look no farther than Station F .
Entrepreneurs don virtual reality goggles and share ideas with business angels in this old Paris train station-turned-startup incubator .
The buzzing business center founded by telecom tycoon Xavier Niel hosts over 3,500 people , all hoping to see some of the 1,000 startups based here bloom into a global firm capable of competing with Silicon Valley behemoths .
It 's part of what Macron hopes is a fundamental shift in the French economy , which confirmed this week that it 's back on the upswing after years of stagnation .
Niel , who revolutionized telecoms in France in the early 2000s , says young startup entrepreneurs look at Macron 's meteoric rise to the presidency and think : `` You can be president when you are 39 years old . You were nobody 2 or 3 years ago . ... ca n't I create the biggest startup in the world by starting now ? A guy can become the French president so ca n't I create something big , alone , when I 'm 25 or 30 years old ? ''
With the support of Mayor Anne Hidalgo and then-President Francois Hollande , Niel founded Station F in 2017 to bring together young and eager startup managers , financial players and key public institutions in an effort to develop France 's budding tech ecosystem .
The vast space hums with energy and electronic devices , as its mostly youthful workers take breaks around multi-colored sofas , or bounce ideas off each other in shared meeting rooms .
Station F includes people from multiple countries , and Niel is notably keen to attract talented people looking to leave London as Brexit looms .
`` We need to create - we need these startups to build tomorrow 's big companies and to do that we need to attract talents from as many places as possible , '' Niel , CEO of Iliad and founder of coding school 42 , told The Associated Press .
Among entrepreneurs thriving off Station F 's atmosphere is Gildas Dussauze , who founded virtual reality social platform Virtuoz just under three years ago and spends most of their waking hours in search of clients and cash to finally start paying their staff of six .
`` The combination of Station F and Macron , yes , it has turned France 's image upside down , in a good way . It 's an image of audacity , youth , enthusiasm and that 's good , '' they told The AP .
Not everything is perfect . Dussauze said France 's banking bureaucracy `` is not in sync with startups . ''
But Station F includes representatives from French institutions like the public postal service La Poste and employment office Pole Emploi , in an effort to make startups a more integral part of the national economy .
Dussauze says they are `` very dynamic and have completely changed the way they talk to us and have adapted to our needs . ''
Macron 's election last May , their relentless public relations campaign to put France back onto the world map of innovation and a changing business environment have fueled a quick shift in the country 's image .
France 's economy grew 1.9 percent in 2017 , its highest level since 2011 , according to figures released Tuesday . That 's partly because of Macron but also because of an improving climate Europe-wide and measures taken under their predecessor .
Still , Macron has boosted investor confidence . The state statistics agency 's business confidence indicator hit its highest point in a decade in December , across multiple sectors .
The startup sector remains a relatively small piece of the French economy but Macron , Niel and the residents of Station F are banking on it to grow .
Macron , who visited Station F last month , is notably trying to shake up labor laws that had favored big , traditional firms and made it difficult for small businesses to set up , hire and lay off workers when markets shift . They also abolished the wealth tax , to the joy of tycoons like Niel and anger of the left-wing opposition .
`` During the campaign , they were really pro-startups , pro-business and by having them as president it helps this ecosystem we have in Paris , '' Niel said . `` Now , from a global point of view and in any country you can go , people are always talking about Macron being elected and how it 's a big change for France . ''
A week after trustees voted to immediately shift Paige Patterson to “ president emeritus ” at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary ( SWBTS ) , the board 's executive committee has stripped the Southern Baptist stalwart of all “ benefits , rights and privileges . ”
The executive committee stated today that it had confirmed information regarding reports that Patterson mishandled a rape allegation in 2003 while they served as president of Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary ( SEBTS ) .
Last Tuesday , a former SEBTS graduate student told The Washington Post that after they reported being raped to Patterson and fellow seminary officials , they failed to notify authorities and the former president encouraged them to forgive the perpetrator . Patterson did not respond to the claims , but SEBTS launched an internal review of its own .
The news came after weeks of controversy—and calls for Patterson 's dismissal—over their past counsel and statements regarding women , abuse , and divorce .
The same day their story broke , following a 13-hour meeting of SWBTS 's board of trustees , Patterson was ousted from the presidency he 'd held since leaving SEBTS in 2003 . The board 's decision came despite theirs issuing an apology “ especially to women ” who were hurt by their past remarks .
At the time , the board of trustees offered the prominent denominational leader the title of president emeritus and theologian-in-residence , a paid retirement , and on-campus housing at the school 's Baptist Heritage Center . With Patterson 's termination , those benefits are now gone .
The executive committee deemed Patterson 's response to the SEBTS student 's allegation “ inconsistent with SWBTS 's biblically informed core values , ” and said the information “ demanded immediate action . ”
This week , Megan Lively tweeted publicly to identify themselves as the former student at the center of the SEBTS story :
I am the woman you read about , # SEBTS 2003 , not afraid , ashamed , or fearful . I am proud to be # SBC , bc of how many have responded with compassion & love . Our history is n't our future . Ephesians 4:30-32 , Romans 8.Please join us in praying tomorrow . # PaigePatterson # sbc18 # matthew5
SEBTS 's current president , Danny Akin , has offered Lively their “ love , prayers , and support ” as the school undergoes an internal investigation of their case . Beth Moore , who wrote a viral open letter to fellow Southern Baptists regarding sexism and harassment , praised Lively for their bravery and belief .
Following Wednesday night 's news , Lively posted the lyrics to a verse from “ In Christ Alone , ” starting with the lines , “ No guilt in life , no fear in death , this is the power of Christ in me . ”
Several Southern Baptist pastors and leaders spoke out Wednesday night to praise the SWBTS trustees ' latest decision .
“ I am very grateful that the trustees chose to act with moral clarity , ” wrote Denny Burk , a Southern Baptist professor and president of the complementarian Council on Biblical Manhood and Womanhood . “ If there was some question about that before , there can be no question now . Indeed , they declare ‘ the Seminary stands against all forms of abuse and grieves for individuals wounded by abuse . ' ”
Russell Moore , head of the SBC Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission , and J. D. Greear , a protégé of Patterson 's and an SBC presidential candidate , asked for prayers for the SWBTS community .
“ Pray for the faculty & students of @ swbts and the individuals hurting and confused in this moment , ” said Greear . “ And hope in God 's grace . The Lord chastens those whom they love . Aslan is on the move . God be merciful to us & bless us , that your ... salvation may be known among all nations . Ps 67 ”
The full statement from SWBTS reads :
During the May 30 , 2018 , Executive Committee meeting of the Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary ( SWBTS ) Board of Trustees , new information confirmed this morning was presented regarding the handling of an allegation of sexual abuse against a student during Dr. Paige Patterson 's presidency at another institution and resulting issues connected with statements to the Board of Trustees that are inconsistent with SWBTS 's biblically informed core values . Deeming the information demanded immediate action and could not be deferred to a regular meeting of the Board , based on the details presented , the Executive Committee unanimously resolved to terminate Dr. Paige Patterson , effective immediately , removing all the benefits , rights and privileges provided by the May 22-23 board meeting , including the title of President Emeritus , the invitation to reside at the Baptist Heritage Center as theologian-in-residence and ongoing compensation . Under the leadership of Interim President Dr. Jeffrey Bingham , SWBTS remains committed to its calling to assist the churches of the Southern Baptist Convention by biblically educating God-called men and women for ministries that fulfill the Great Commission and glorify God . Further , the Seminary stands against all forms of abuse and grieves for individuals wounded by abuse . Today , Dr. Bingham made it clear that SWBTS denounces all abusive behavior , any behavior that enables abuse , any failure to protect the abused and any failure to safeguard those who are vulnerable to abuse . Additionally , Dr. Bingham called for the SWBTS community to join the Body of Christ in praying for healing for all individuals affected by abuse .
Patterson is still slated to speak at the upcoming SBC annual meeting in Dallas on June 13 , but the delegation will have an opportunity to vote to replace them on the schedule .
Fellow Southern Baptist affiliates had already been forced to distance themselves from Patterson and SWBTS prior to their firing .
The former president backed out of a speaking gig at a Southern Baptist Conference of Associational Leaders event in Dallas , and the Association of Certified Biblical Counselors , led by Southern Baptist Theological Seminary professor Heath Lambert , relocated a fall conference originally scheduled to take place on the SWBTS campus .
SANTA ANA , California : Actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport , NBC-TV reported Tuesday .
Ford , 74 , was told to land their single-engine plane on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday , but they mistakenly landed it on a parallel taxiway , passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby , NBC reported .
“ Was that airliner meant to be underneath me ? ” Ford is heard asking air traffic controllers in a recording , NBC reported .
American Airlines Flight 1456 , with 110 passengers and six crew , departed safely for Dallas a few minutes later .
Ford 's publicist , Ina Treciokas , declined comment Tuesday afternoon .
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor could n't confirm that Ford was piloting the Aviat Husky that overflew the Boeing 737 , but they said the pilot received and had read back the proper landing instructions .
They did n't indicate how high the plane was when it flew over the jetliner .
The FAA is investigating , Gregor said .
Ford collects vintage planes and has a long and good record as an aviator . But they have had several close calls .
In March 2015 , Ford was seriously injured when their World War II-era trainer crashed on a Los Angeles golf course when it lost power shortly after takeoff .
In 1999 , Ford crash-landed their helicopter during a training flight in which they and an instructor were practicing auto rotations in Ventura County , northwest of Los Angeles . Ford and the instructor were unhurt .
Ford was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza in 2000 when wind shear forced them to make an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska . Ford and their passenger were uninjured when the plane clipped the runway , but its wing tips were damaged , officials said .
The emergency services have been dealing with a two-vehicle crash in Moray .
The accident happened on the A95 near Keith at about 08:15 .
Police said initial reports suggested there were six occupants involved .
The Scottish Ambulance Service said two ambulances had been sent to the scene .
A Utah dad is receiving online praise for their “ Billy Madison ” -like reaction to hearing about their daughter 's bathroom accident at school . On Friday , Ben Sowards showed up to collect their 6-year-old crying daughter with their own pants wet , Fox 13 News reported .
My little sis had an accident today at kindergarten & this is how my dad left to pick them up so they would n't feel so sad/embarrassed 😂😂❤️ pic.twitter.com/veHMFO4QHr — Lucinda Sowards ( @ LucindaSowards ) April 14 , 2017
They told the news outlet that they were heartbroken after hearing about their daughter Valerie 's embarrassment , and splashed some water on their pants before leaving the house . They reportedly arrived at the school 's front office and asked Valerie if they could borrow their backpack to cover up their own “ accident . ”
Valerie 's older sister , Lucinda , was on hand to capture the moment and shared it on Twitter , where it quickly went viral . Lucinda , the oldest of the family 's 11 children , told Fox 13 that the Sowards are adopting four of their foster children on Monday and are passionate advocates for foster care .
8-MONTH-OLD BABY WEIGHING 38 POUNDS BAFFLES DOCTORS
They told Buzzfeed News that when they once fell ice-skating , Soward FaceTimed them with a painted-on black eye to match hers .
As of Monday afternoon , Lucinda 's original tweet about Soward 's pants-wetting has been retweeted more than 62,000 times and has garnered more than 253,000 likes .
ATLANTA — Happy Vargas Day .
If Jason Vargas was n't pitching for their spot in the Mets ' rotation on Wednesday , they were at least trying to avert disaster for their team , which through a combination of Monday 's doubleheader and injury had exhausted its bullpen in recent days .
The veteran lefty rose to the occasion with their best performance in a Mets uniform , leading a 4-1 victory over the Braves at SunTrust Park .
The Mets finished with a four-game series split against the Braves and 3-5 on a road trip that began last week in Milwaukee .
With Thursday 's Mets starter , Seth Lugo , in contention for a rotation job , Vargas pitched like a man trying to avoid the bullpen . Lugo will take Noah Syndergaard 's spot in the rotation Thursday , and the Mets will potentially have a decision to make thereafter . Syndergaard , who is on the disabled list with a strained right index finger , is expected to throw a bullpen session over the weekend before the Mets decide if they are ready to rejoin the rotation .
Jeurys Familia pitched a scoreless eighth inning before Robert Gsellman entered in the ninth and recorded their second save in six opportunities .
Familia got help to end the seventh , when diving Amed Rosario smothered Nick Markakis ' grounder and flipped to Asdrubal Cabrera , who barehanded the toss to start an inning-ending double play .
Adrian Gonzalez 's run-scoring single in the eighth — their second RBI in the game — gave the Mets breathing room after Johan Camargo had blasted a solo homer the previous inning that sliced the Mets ' lead to 2-1 . In the ninth , Brandon Nimmo slammed an RBI double that gave the Mets a fourth run .
Vargas was removed after five scoreless innings in which they allowed two hits and walked one . They were removed after 65 pitches and Tim Peterson , who was selected from Triple-A Las Vegas earlier in the day , entered for the sixth . Peterson , in their major league debut , allowed one run , getting the ball to Familia with a 2-1 lead .
It marked the second time this season Vargas pitched five shutout innings against an opponent . They held the Marlins to two hits on May 21 before reverting to their hittable ways on Saturday .
Nimmo blooped an RBI single in the seventh that gave the Mets a 2-0 lead after Rosario raced for a two-out triple . Rosario , who entered 8-for-24 ( .333 ) over their previous seven games , was among the team 's best offensive performers on the road trip .
Gonzalez 's RBI double in the fourth gave the Mets their first run . Jay Bruce doubled leading off the inning and scored on Gonzalez 's ground-rule double that bounced into the right-field seats .
Charlie Culberson , who doubled with two outs in the second , was the only runner to reach scoring position against Vargas . After intentionally walking the ensuing batter , Vargas retired nine straight batters before Julio Teheran reached on Rosario 's error in the fifth . But Vargas recovered to retire Ender Inciarte and then departed before having to face the Braves a third time through the batting order .
The Mets wasted two walks against Teheran in the first inning . In the seventh , Nimmo was picked off first to end the inning .
Teheran lasted seven innings and allowed two earned runs on five hits with three strikeouts and three walks .
A man in their 50s is in hospital with mild carbon monoxide poisoning after a fire in their Lowertown apartment .
Ottawa Firefighters were called to 161 Augusta Street at around 8:35 a.m .
The fire was contained to a single unit on the 7th floor .
Ottawa Paramedics say the man was treated at the scene for smoke inhalation , but some carbon monoxide was detected in their blood , so they were sent to the hospital for an assessment . He 's in stable condition .
Saturday , according to police . The Crestview Police Department ( CPD ) said 32-year-old Mathew Jones broke into a fenced-in construction site on Ferdon Boulevard South and allegedly commandeered a forklift . They then started destroying the site at the under-construction liquor store of the Crestview Walmart , according to police . A press release from the CPD said the suspect 's rampage damaged scaffolding and materials , block and mortar , the forklift itself , a fire hydrant and water meter that belong to the city , and more . Factoring in repair costs and overtime labor to repair the site , company officials estimate the total damage to be at $ 128,000 . The situation escalated when the suspect allegedly aimed the forklift toward CPD officers , at which point they were reportedly stopped at gunpoint and detained . Jones told police they were told to commit the offenses by a “ hookah-smoking caterpillar , ” according to their arrest report . They also allegedly said the Walmart was a “ place to sell alcohol and they had a problem with it. ” Jones is charged with felony grand theft , use of a motor vehicle to damage property of another in excess of $ 1,000 , criminal mischief with damage greater than $ 1,000 and violation of felony probation . A Freeport man who identified themselves as ‘ Alice in Wonderland ' to police caused over $ 100 , 000 worth of damage to a Walmart liquor store construction site , according to police . The Crestview Police Department ( CPD ) said 32-year-old Mathew Jones broke into a fenced-in construction site on Ferdon Boulevard South and allegedly commandeered a forklift . They then started destroying the site at the under-construction liquor store of the Crestview Walmart , according to police . A press release from the CPD said the suspect 's rampage damaged scaffolding and materials , block and mortar , the forklift itself , a fire hydrant and water meter that belong to the city , and more . Factoring in repair costs and overtime labor to repair the site , company officials estimate the total damage to be at $ 128,000 . The situation escalated when the suspect allegedly aimed the forklift toward CPD officers , at which point they were reportedly stopped at gunpoint and detained . Jones told police they were told to commit the offenses by a “ hookah-smoking caterpillar , ” according to their arrest report . They also allegedly said the Walmart was a “ place to sell alcohol and they had a problem with it. ” Jones is charged with felony grand theft , use of a motor vehicle to damage property of another in excess of $ 1,000 , criminal mischief with damage greater than $ 1,000 and violation of felony probation .
He 's currently on probation for burglary , according to police .
Minjee Lee took the second-round lead in a one-of-its-kind event in Australia , where men and women are competing for their respective tour titles on the same courses for the same amount of prize money .
It 's an event that is putting a focus on the income differences between men and women on tours around the world .
Lee leads the Oates Vic Open after posting a 6-under-par 67 Friday , leaving them at 9-under overall , one shot ahead of Caroline Hedwall ( 69 ) Marianne Skarpnord ( 69 ) , Jenny Haglund ( 69 ) and Tze-Han Lin ( 68 ) .
England 's Georgia Hall ( 73 ) is six shots back .
On the men 's side of the event , Anthony Quayle leads at 9 under overall after posting a 66 . He 's one shot ahead of Peter Wilson ( 71 ) and Nick Flanagan ( 68 ) .
The men and women are playing for a split purse of $ 1.3 million ( Aussie Dollars ) , with $ 650,000 in prize money going to each . For the women , it 's a co-sanctioned Ladies European Tour and Australian Ladies Professional Golf Association event . For the men , it 's a PGA Tour of Australasia event . They are each playing the 13th Beach Golf Links near Melbourne , with men 's pairings and women 's pairings going off at alternate tee times .
Cheyenne Woods , who is competing , is hopeful the PGA Tour and LPGA Alliance that was announced two years ago will lead to a joint event in the United States .
“ I think a lot of tours could learn from this format , and it could be very beneficial for the entire game of golf , ” they said . “ I think that is one of the biggest things I love about this week , that they do value the equality in both men and women 's golf together . I think a lot of tours and sponsors can learn from that . You see it in the tennis game , just watching tennis the last few weeks , the Aussie Open . I think that , hopefully , in the next few years , it will get more like this . ”
Woods also said they would love to be paired with their uncle , Tiger Woods , in a mixed-team event someday .
Woods is n't alone hoping women will see improvements that will elevate them to more equitable stages .
Stacy Lewis , the last American to hold the Rolex world No . 1 ranking , wrote an article about “ income disparity ” last week for attendees of the World Economic Conference .
The PGA Tour is playing for $ 363 million in total prize money this year , the LPGA for $ 68.75 million .
“ My point is n't that women could compete successfully on the PGA Tour , ” Lewis wrote . “ It 's that women are playing the same game as men , at an equally high level . We work just as hard on and off the course . Bottom line : PGA Tour and LPGA golfers are world-class athletes playing a sport as well as it 's ever been played , while engaging with their fans . Only women get paid a lot less ...
“ I 've been very fortunate in my golf career , so my concern is for the next generation of players . The income gap in golf is as much a concern to me as the corporate income gap is working women .
“ One key reason for golf 's wage gap is TV ratings . The PGA Tour has a lot more exposure than the LPGA . We need more eyeballs on our game . Our deal with the Golf Channel has definitely helped in that effort , but we need network TV and other media outlets to showcase our product – our talents and personalities . Once we pick up fans , we generally keep them for life . My strong hope is that we continue to raise awareness of golf 's income gap , both to golf 's stakeholders and allies in the corporate world , so that we can encourage purposeful work toward solutions that eliminate it . ”
U.S. Solheim Cup captain Juli Inkster raised similar concerns during a news conference after the Americans defeated Europe in Iowa last summer .
“ I 'm going to say it right now , and I probably should n't say it , but I just do n't understand how all these companies get away with supporting PGA Tour events and not supporting the LPGA , ” Inkster said there . “ It makes me a little upset , because I think we 've got a great product . We deserve our due . ”
Pictured after their call to the inner bar at the Supreme Court is new senior counsel , Vincent P Martin with their wife Dr. Hilda Cummins , of Mullacash , Naas .
Also in picture ( left ) is Vincent 's brother , psychologist Shane Martin and ( right ) their sister Catherine Martin TD , deputy leader , Green Party .
A former Citigroup broker swindled elderly investors out of more than $ 11 million in retirement savings after they made bad bets on the stock market , according to a criminal indictment unsealed on Wednesday .
New York Attorney General Barbara Underwood — in their first press conference since they succeeded Eric Schneiderman , who resigned this month amid a slew of lurid sex abuse allegations — charged ex-investment adviser Dean Mustaphalli with 99 counts of securities fraud , grand larceny , forgery , and fabricating business documents .
The victims included nurses , shopkeepers and municipal workers , and they all had given the majority of their cash — in many cases well into six figures — to Mustaphalli , Underwood said . They 've only gotten back 20 cents on the dollar .
“ They have played by the rules , putting away a few dollars here and there , to make sure they had enough for a relatively comfortable retirement , ” Underwood said at the press conference in downtown Manhattan . “ They were not big-time investors . ”
Mustaphalli , 48 , allegedly forged clients ' signatures in order to funnel their cash into their own hedge fund . The Queens manager had even made up email addresses for some of the retirees , even though a few did n't know how to use a computer , Underwood said .
But Mustaphalli made bad , complex investments — including a wrong-way bet on the price of MasterCard 's stock using options — and ended up losing as much as 98 percent of the money .
The charges are an escalation of enforcement against Mustaphalli . Last year , then-AG Schneiderman filed a civil suit against the broker for defrauding clients .
Mustaphalli faces as much as 20 years behind bars for the criminal charges .
CTV Ottawa
Gatineau Police have charged a second person in the October 2015 death of Christine MacNeil .
Emilio Spezzano , 57 , has been charged with first-degree murder in the shooting death of MacNeil , police said Wednesday afternoon .
Spezzano and MacNeil were a couple until shortly before their death , according to police .
MacNeil , 25 , was shot and killed at the Four Points Sheraton in Gatineau on Oct. 19 . 2015 .
Ottawa 's Blake Dooley , 53 , was charged with first-degree murder in February 2016 in their death .
Spezzano is due to appear in court on Thursday .
President Donald Trump signed a National Manufacturing Day proclamation Friday , marked Hispanic Heritage Month at a White House event and met with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin after the release of a report that recommended slashing regulations .
MANUFACTURING MILESTONE
Trump signed the proclamation at the White House , surrounded by workers holding hard hats and sporting protective ear wear . Earlier Friday , the government had said the U.S. lost 1,000 manufacturing jobs in September , part of an overall loss of 33,000 jobs in the month , as the workforce was impacted by hurricanes Harvey and Irma . Economists expect job growth to rebound in October and November .
“ I call upon all Americans to celebrate the entrepreneurs and workers in manufacturing who are making our communities strong , ” Trump said in the proclamation . See text at WhiteHouse.gov .
Read : U.S. loses 33,000 jobs in September as hurricanes cause first decline in seven years
Also see : The Trump Scoreboard
Getty Images President Trump signs a National Manufacturing Day proclamation in the Oval Office .
PROPS TO PUERTO RICO AT HISPANIC EVENT
Trump said at the Hispanic Heritage Month event that Puerto Rico has a “ long road of recovery ahead — [ a ] very long road. ” They added “ we will be there all the time to help Puerto Rico recover , restore , rebuild . ”
The White House this week requested $ 29 billion from Congress to help with recovery in storm-ravaged parts of the country , including Puerto Rico .
Trump did n't mention immigration at the event , but White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters to expect Trump to discuss immigration-reform principles in the coming days .
Read : Puerto Rico has more than $ 70 billion in debt because of this
Also see : Elon Musk says that , if given the green light , they can power Puerto Rico
NO ELABORATION ON ‘ CALM ' COMMENT
For a second consecutive day , Trump said “ you 'll find out ” when asked what their comment about “ the calm before the storm ” means . They used the expression Thursday during a photo op with senior military officials . Pressed by reporters on Thursday and Friday about what they meant , Trump did n't elaborate . Sanders told reporters on Friday : “ We 're never going to say in advance what the president 's going to do . ”
As MarketWatch reported , Trump 's speech on Thursday referred to several global hot spots , including North Korea , Iran and Afghanistan .
Read : ‘ Maybe it 's the calm before the storm , ' Trump cryptically says at military gathering
MEETING WITH MNUCHIN
Treasury chief Mnuchin had a meeting scheduled with Trump that came after the agency recommended repealing a number of Dodd-Frank Act rules put in place after the onset of the financial crisis . Among them is a requirement that companies disclose the pay ratio between chief executives and employees .
See : Trump administration proposes scrapping pay-gap reporting requirement for companies
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
The family of an Ohio grandfather whose murder was recorded and posted on Facebook has filed a lawsuit against the social network , claiming it could have done more to prevent the killing .
The Easter Sunday slaying of Robert Godwin Sr. remained posted on the site for nearly two hours before it was removed . A lawsuit filed earlier this month by the victim 's daughter , Debbie Godwin , in Ohio 's Cuyahoga County Court , alleges Facebook should have been able to detect the killer 's threats and alert authorities before they carried out the heinous act .
`` Facebook prides itself on having the ability to collect and analyze , in real time , and thereafter sell [ a ] vast array of information so that others can specifically identify and target users for a variety of business purposes , '' said the complaint .
Since Facebook has users data at its disposal , the complaint alleges it should have been `` aware of statements ... which constituted threats that were made with the intent to intimidate or coerce a civilian population . ''
Natalie Naugle , Facebook 's associate general counsel , said in a statement that `` we want people to feel safe using Facebook , which is why we have policies in place prohibiting direct threats , attacks , serious threats of harm to public and personal safety and other criminal activity . ''
`` We give people tools to report content that violates our policies , and take swift action to remove violating content when it 's reported to us . We sympathize with the victim 's family , who suffered such a tragic and senseless loss , '' they said .
The murder launched a nationwide manhunt , with the killer , Steve Stephens , being found dead several days later in Erie , Pennsylvania after a police chase . It also raised questions about Facebook 's responsibility to police content and prompted the company to admit it needed to `` do better . ''
After the shooting , Justin Osofsky , Facebook 's vice president of global operations , said in a blog post the company would be reviewing its reporting flows .
An initial video in which Stephens shares their intent to murder was never reported , according to Osofsky . They also said in the post that Facebook was n't made aware of a live video containing Stephens ' confession until after it had ended . The killer 's account was disabled 23 minutes later .
Facebook has been under fire for how it handles violent content on the site . While safeguards have been implemented to help people who may intend to livestream a suicide , the company had to answer questions about how it intends to `` do better '' after a father in Thailand murdered their baby daughter , and in another case , a Chicago teen was tortured by a group until their scalp bled . Both acts were broadcast on Facebook Live .
Facebook has a team of human moderators on hand at all hours to review content that has been reported . However , part of the onus is on people to report content that may be offensive .
As a former moderator told NBC News earlier this month , a typical day can involve reviewing as many as 8,000 pieces of content , having just seconds to make a decision about whether something needs to be removed from Facebook .
Since a breakout NFL Combine performance , during which they set an offensive line broad jump record with a 10-foot , 1-inch leap , former UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller has shot up draft boards and jet-setted across the country to meet with teams . ( AP Photo/Gregory Payan )
UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller runs the 40-yard dash during the NFL football scouting combine , Friday , March 2 , 2018 , in Indianapolis . ( AP Photo/Darron Cummings )
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller looks to block for quarterback Josh Rosen against Texas A & M during an NCAA college football game , Sunday , Sept. 3 , 2017 , in Pasadena , Calif. UCLA won 45-44 . ( AP Photo/Danny Moloshok )
UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller speaks during a press conference at the NFL football scouting combine , Thursday , March 1 , 2018 , in Indianapolis . ( AP Photo/Darron Cummings )
UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller runs a drill at the NFL football scouting combine in Indianapolis , Friday , March 2 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Michael Conroy )
UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller participates in the vertical leap drill at the NFL football scouting combine in Indianapolis , Friday , March 2 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Michael Conroy )
UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller ( 77 ) during an NCAA college football game against Arizona , Saturday , Oct. 14 , 2017 , in Tucson , Ariz. ( AP Photo/Rick Scuteri )
UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller runs a drill at the NFL football scouting combine in Indianapolis , Friday , March 2 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Michael Conroy )
UCLA offensive tackle Kolton Miller , right , participates in a blocking drill during UCLA 's pro day for NFL draft prospects in Los Angeles , Thursday , March 15 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Michael Owen Baker )
UCLA offensive tackle Kolton Miller does a footwork drill during UCLA 's pro day for NFL draft prospects in Los Angeles , Thursday , March 15 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Michael Owen Baker )
UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller ( 77 ) in the second half during an NCAA college football bowl game against Kansas State , Tuesday , Dec. 26 , 2017 , in Phoenix . Kansas State defeated UCLA 35-17 . ( AP Photo/Rick Scuteri )
UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller runs a drill at the NFL football scouting combine last month in Indianapolis . At 6-foot-9 and 309 pounds , Miller has the size NFL teams covet . Their combine results only increased their interest . ( AP Photo/Michael Conroy )
Kolton Miller acknowledges that it was a little difficult to keep up with a regular workout regimen during the past few weeks . They have been busy .
Since their breakout NFL Combine performance in which they set an offensive line broad jump record with a 10-foot , 1-inch leap , the former UCLA offensive tackle has shot up draft boards and jet-setted across the country to meet with teams .
Miller went from UCLA 's new left tackle to picking out a camera-ready look for the NFL draft in just eight months . He 'll be sporting a custom Elevee suit Thursday in Dallas , where they hope to hear their name called during the first round of the NFL draft . UCLA has n't had an offensive lineman selected in the first round since eventual Pro Football Hall of Famer Jonathan Odgen went fourth overall to Baltimore in 1996 .
The College Advisory Committee , which reviews select juniors for draft potential by projecting them as first-rounders , second-rounders or neither , was split on Miller at first , they said . Some advised them to return to school for their final season . But the redshirt junior bet on himself , and so far , he 's drawn the winning hand .
“ I felt like I had a really productive ( junior ) year , ” Miller said of deciding to forgo their senior year , “ and with the information that I was being told and where I ended up now , I made a good decision . ”
At almost 6-foot-9 , 309 pounds , Miller 's sheer size makes NFL teams looking for a left tackle take notice . Then their combine results had them lining up .
The Roseville native showed explosiveness with their record-setting broad jump and speed with a 4.95-second 40-yard dash . They were one of only four offensive linemen to check in under five seconds in the 40 . They were within the top five offensive linemen on five of the six combine tests .
The # NFLCombine , where records are broken . @ UCLAFootball OL Kolton Miller just broad jumped 10 ' 1 ” 😳 📺 : # NFLCombine LIVE now on NFL Network ! pic.twitter.com/casJpKb31c — NFL Network ( @ nflnetwork ) March 2 , 2018
NFL.com named Miller one of the combine 's early winners , writing , “ The former Bruin looked like a decathlete on the Lucas Oil Stadium turf while running through drills . … Although this enticing athleticism does n't always show up on their game tape , Miller 's stellar workout could propel them into the Day 1 discussion . ”
Miller said their junior season at UCLA “ did n't start where I wanted to ” on the field . They were knocking off the rust from a broken leg that cost them the final seven games of the 2016 season , but they turned a corner around the fourth game of the season . Former UCLA offensive line coach Hank Fraley , now an assistant with the Detroit Lions , said last year that Miller started to play with more physicality in the run and passing games .
According to Pro Football Focus , Miller , who moved from right to left tackle last year , gave up only two sacks in 579 pass blocking snaps . They have ideal left-tackle size and is a first-round pick according to ESPN 's Mel Kiper , who has the Bengals selecting Miller 21st overall . Five NFL.com analysts have Miller landing in New England at No . 23 , where the Patriots could be looking for a replacement for Nate Solder , who left in free agency .
Related Articles Bonsignore : Final NFL mock draft : Chargers get their QB replacement , and he 's a familiar face
Bonsignore : Even as the Rams get a day off , the work never ends
How UCLA 's Josh Rosen stacks up in the NFL draft QB class
Kartje : Baker Mayfield is NFL draft 's best quarterback , analytics suggest
Max Browne , once USC 's starting QB ahead of Darnold , eyes their own NFL future Miller trained at EXOS in Arizona to prepare for the combine and then bounced between Sacramento and UCLA . They added some MMA training , working at Boss MMA in Sacramento .
“ A lot of the things that we worked on were coming from the hip , stepping off from the hip and carrying that weight through to your hands , ” Miller said . “ In O-line play , your hands are really important , so I think working on that helps to transition power from your hips to your punch . ”
The soft-spoken Miller started every game last year at UCLA and earned second-team All-Pac-12 recognition . Now he 's ready to walk on to a bigger stage .
“ I 'm ready to embrace it , ” they said . “ I feel really comfortable and I 'm ready to compete at the next level . ”
Ranking all 30 NHL teams , with a big Patrick Kane asterisk It 's kind of counterintuitive , is n't it , to hear the preseason raves for 3-on-3 overtime that primarily focus on how quickly it ends ? Anyway , it 's the latest gimmick for the NHL ...
Devils preview : The makings of half a monster A wise man once said that championship NHL teams are built around goaltending and defense . Well , that wise man , Lou Lamoriello , is now the general manager in Toronto . But Lamoriello 's ...
Rangers preview : Why tight core is running out of near-misses The core group of goaltending and defense has been intact since Ryan McDonagh joined Henrik Lundqvist , Dan Girardi and Marc Staal on the roster in early January 2011 , and the ...
In this Dec. 21 , 2016 , photo , President-elect Donald Trump speaks to members of the media at Mar-a-Lago , in Palm Beach , Fla .
Getting off social media wo n't be one of Donald Trump 's New Year 's resolutions , a top aide confirmed Sunday , adding that America can expect more policy pronouncements and newsmakers in 140-character missives from the president-elect before and after their inauguration , NBC News reported .
Days after Trump surprised national security experts by calling for more nuclear arms , incoming press secretary Sean Spicer told ABC News that Trump would n't shy away from using Twitter freely when in office — although the last time U.S. nuclear policy was detailed , it came after a year of deliberation .
`` I think it freaks the mainstream media out that they have this following of over 45-plus million people that follow them on social media , that they can have a direct conversation . They do n't have to have it funneled through the media , '' Spicer said on ABC 's `` This Week . '' `` You 're going to see — absolutely you 're going to see Twitter . ''
Trump 's 2016 was colored by dozens of Twitter-spurred headlines and results — some intended , some not . Take a look at their top 140-character moments .
'Late Night ' : Tweetin ' With the Prez
Host Seth Meyers looks ahead to `` the most tweet-filled presidency in history '' by pulling some President-elect Donald Trump 's best tweets . ( Published Wednesday , Dec. 21 , 2016 )
Buhari Is Not Fighting Any Corruption – Fayose
Ekiti State Governor , Mr Ayodele Fayose says President Buhari is not fighting any corruption .
Fayose said this while reacting to the triumph of the Senate President , Bukola Saraki at the Code of Conduct Tribunal ( CCT ) describing it as another victory of Nigerians over tyranny , saying , “ I am happy that I predicted that the CCT will absolve the Senate President in my 2017 predictions and it has come to pass . ”
Governor Fayose who drew the attention of Nigerians to number eight of their 22 predictions for year 2017 , said ; “ I said it categorically that the Code of Conduct Tribunal will absolve Senate President Bukola Saraki and today , the prediction came to pass . ”
Reacting to the CCT judgment discharging Senator Saraki through their Special Assistant on Public Communications and New Media , Lere Olayinka , the governor said the judgment was another lesson for the President Muhammadu Buhari-led All Progressives Congress ( APC ) federal government that criminal cases are not won on the pages of newspapers ..
They congratulated the Senate President , urging them to see the victory as a challenge to them and the entire members of the National Assembly to always stand up to defend the the rule of law and fundamental rights of Nigerians .
Amaechi reveals how they rejected N1 billion bribes as governor
The governor said ; “ I have maintained that the government of President Buhari is not fighting any corruption . Rather , what is being done is hiding under anti-corruption fight to persecute , humiliate , harass and malign perceived political enemies .
“ They go about trying their perceived political foes in the media , with the aim of destroying their names when they do not have any evidence that can sustain court trial and it is for this reason that they have been losing corruption cases .
“ Look at all the noise they made when they started Senator Saraki 's case , it was as if they will be sent to jail the following week . But when it was time for them to prove their allegations , they could not .
“ Even the case of the former National Security Adviser ( NSA ) , Col. Sambo Dasuki ( rtd ) , that they said stole $ 2.1 billion arms money and that destructive weapons capable of disrupting the peace of any city in Nigeria were found in their possession , why are they the ones seeking for secret trial while Dasuki that they accused is insisting on open
trial ?
“ Up till today , they have not brought any evidence against Dasuki . They have not even been able to commence their trial . Instead , they have continually disobeyed court orders that they should be released from detention . ”
The post Buhari Is Not Fighting Any Corruption – Fayose appeared first on Ngyab .
This post was syndicated from Ngyab . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
( AP Photo/Patrick Semansky ) . Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher David Hess throws to a Washington Nationals batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Baltimore .
( AP Photo/Patrick Semansky ) . Washington Nationals ' Bryce Harper rounds second base after hitting a solo home run during the third inning of the team 's baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Baltimore .
( AP Photo/Patrick Semansky ) . Washington Nationals ' Bryce Harper watches their solo home run in front of Baltimore Orioles catcher Chance Sisco and home plate umpire Laz Diaz during the third inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Baltimore .
( AP Photo/Patrick Semansky ) . Washington Nationals starting pitcher Max Scherzer throws to a Baltimore Orioles batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Baltimore .
By DAVID GINSBURG
AP Sports Writer
BALTIMORE ( AP ) - Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn their eighth consecutive victory , Bryce Harper hit their 18th home run and the Washington Nationals beat the Baltimore Orioles 2-0 Wednesday night for a three-game sweep .
Scherzer ( 9-1 ) struck out 12 , walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters . It was the eighth time this season they reached double figures in strikeouts and the 72nd time in their career .
The only runner to reach against Scherzer in the first six innings was Chris Davis , who singled in the second . After Manny Machado doubled in the seventh and Mark Trumbo drew a walk , Scherzer fired a third strike past Davis to end the threat .
Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth , but notched their 13th save .
With no outs and two on , Craig Gentry inexplicably tried to steal third and was tagged out in a rundown . Machado then hit a fly ball and the game ended when Jonathan Schoop popped out into a swirling mist .
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road , the team 's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005 .
Harper moved into a tie with Mike Trout for the major league lead in homers when they connected on a 3-2 pitch from rookie David Hess in the third inning for a 1-0 lead .
Making their fourth major league start , Hess ( 2-2 ) proved to be a worthy opponent to the 33-year-old Scherzer . The young right-hander gave up one run and four hits over six innings .
Hess was replaced by Miguel Castro , who yielded an RBI single to 19-year-old Juan Soto in the seventh .
Baltimore has lost five straight and has scored more than three runs in just two of its past 15 games .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Nationals : OF Adam Eaton ( ankle ) ran Wednesday and should be ready for a rehab assignment this weekend , manager Dave Martinez said . ... OF Brian Goodwin ( wrist ) will play another rehab game or two at Double-A Harrisburg , Martinez said . ... Ryan Zimmerman ( oblique ) will run the bases over the next few days before the Nationals determine if he 's ready to go on a rehab assignment .
Orioles : Closer Zach Britton ( Achilles tendon ) launched their rehabilitation assignment by pitching the fifth inning for Class A Frederick against Wilmington , their first game action since Sept. 18 . The lefty allowed an infield single and struck out the side .
BABY BREAK
Orioles infielder Danny Valencia was placed on paternity leave after their wife gave birth to a boy , Oliver , early Wednesday . Reliever Donnie Hart was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk .
A STAR IS BORN
After just 10 games in the majors , Soto is batting .375 and on Tuesday became the youngest player to be intentionally walked since Ken Griffey Jr. in 1995 . They hit in the leadoff spot for the first time Wednesday and went 1 for 4 .
VEGAS PROUD
Harper has spent their entire big-league career with Washington , but the Las Vegas native makes no apologies for rooting for the Golden Knights against the Capitals in the Stanley Cup Final . While Martinez conducted their pre-game news conference in a Capitals hat and jersey , Harper 's Golden Knights hat and jersey were in plain sight at their locker . `` Hopefully , I 'll get to go Game 4 in D.C. , '' Harper said .
UP NEXT
Nationals : In a duel in Atlanta for first place in the NL East , Tanner Roark ( 2-4 , 3.17 ERA ) seeks their eighth career win against the Braves ' Sean Newcomb ( 5-1 , 2.75 ERA ) on Thursday night .
Orioles : Andrew Cashner ( 2-6 , 5.07 ) faces the Yankees ' Sonny Gray ( 3-4 , 5.98 ) on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series between AL East foes .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Obaseki tasks Anglican community on school upgrade
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State , on Tuesday , charged the Chairman of the Edo State Chapter and the Bishop of the Anglican Communion , Benin Diocese , Bishop Peter Imasuen to either develop the Church 's educational institution , or risk a state government takeover .
They said : “ I am particular about education because we all know the power of education . During my predecessor 's tenure , we transferred 3 schools as test cases to the missions – 1 each to the Anglican Communion , the Baptist and the Catholic . I am putting it on notice that if the standard of that school does not improve in the next two years , the government will take it back . I am prepared to work with you to do whatever we need to do to get that school to where it should be . ”
In addition , they reassured the clergyman that their administration 's priorities were clear , and that the government needed to re-enact basic education because failure to ensure that teaching standards and curriculum reached international levels .
Meanwhile , the governor attributed all their accomplishments to God , revealing that it would be untrue to attribute them to their planning and policy-making , while also declaring that the Anglican Communion had a responsibility to the country .
Bishop Imasuen , for their part , commended the governor for the massive reconstruction projects going on in the state , while also assuring the governor , who was also of the Anglican faith , that the Church would improve on the important areas pointed out by the Governor .
The post Obaseki tasks Anglican community on school upgrade appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Getty Images
When it comes to trade with the rest of the world , the European Union is sometimes accused of having high barriers and protecting its own producers .
It 's an allegation that some supporters of Brexit have been making for some time .
The charge has had something of resurgence in the light of the renewed debate about exactly what sort of customs arrangement Britain should have with the European Union in the future .
But does it stand up ?
The EU does certainly have barriers to trade , and they do , one way or another , raise the cost of imported goods .
But every country on the planet has some sort of barriers . So how does the EU compare ?
Relatively low
Tariffs - taxes that are levied only on imported goods - are the most readily quantified and compared .
For the most part , the EU 's tariffs are relatively low .
There are a number of ways of calculating an average . You can take a `` simple '' average , or you can weight the tariffs in line with the amount of trade that 's affected . Both have drawbacks and advantages .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption For the most part , the EU 's tariffs are relatively low
Then you can look at `` bound '' tariffs , the amount that countries have pledged in the World Trade Organization that they wo n't exceed . Or you can look at applied tariffs , the amount they actually impose which can be lowed , sometimes by a large margin .
On any basis , the EU 's average tariffs are fairly moderate but certainly not the lowest . The lowest figure for the EU is the trade-weighted figure for applied tariffs ( the most recent in the WTO database is 2015 ) . It was 3 % .
That 's higher than the US ( 2.3 % ) and Japan ( 2.1 % ) , but lower than Australia ( 4 % ) or Canada ( but only just at 3.1 % ) . Some developing countries have higher levels , such as 10.4 % for Brazil .
But the major developed economies ca n't match Hong Kong , which has no tariffs .
Sector by sector
If you drill down into particular sectors , then you get a more varied picture . Tariffs on farm produce tend to be higher , including in the EU . The trade-weighted average is 7.8 % , and that is a good deal higher than the US figure of 3.8 % .
But if you want to sell agricultural goods into Switzerland there 's an average tariff of nearly 30 % .
One complaint sometimes made against the EU by its British opponents is about tariffs on goods from developing countries , notably from Africa .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Average tariffs on farm produce are higher in the EU than in the US
Although there are some tariffs , most African nations benefit from an EU arrangement that allows almost completely tariff and quota free access for their goods . It 's known as Everything but Arms . It applies to those nations ( not just in Africa ) classified as least developed .
Many others benefit from Economic Partnership Agreements or other arrangements that give extensive tariff-free access to the EU market .
The EU also has free trade agreements which allow many other countries duty-free access ( though not necessarily for all goods ) . Among others that covers Canada , Chile and South Korea .
Japan has such an agreement with the EU though it has not yet come into force . The big gap on that list is the US . Negotiations were launched in 2013 though they have stalled .
Nor does the EU have free trade agreements with the two largest developing economies , China or India . In the case of India talks have made slow progress , partly due to British reluctance to agree the more liberal visa regime sought by New Delhi .
With China the EU is negotiating an investment agreement , but not a trade deal .
Disguised protection
There 's more to trade barriers than tariffs , however . The other things that exporters have to contend with are known collectively as - surprisingly enough - non-tariff barriers ( NTBs ) .
They include product standards , health and safety regulations , and labelling requirements . In many service industries there are licensing requirements and restrictions on who is eligible for authorisation .
Although suppliers may have to comply with such rules in their home market , if they want to sell into a country where the rules are different there is likely to be additional cost .
Global trade
More from the BBC 's series taking an international perspective on trade :
There are often good reasons for such barriers - such as protecting consumers - but they do have an impact on trade and they can be a form of disguised protection for national suppliers .
One of the few analyses arguing that Brexit would be economically beneficial was based on the idea of the UK eliminating tariffs and also NTBs .
Is the EU especially guilty in this area ? NTBs are hard to quantify and compare , though some economists have tried .
One analysis looked at measures to restrict trade that countries are required to report to the World Trade Organization . The EU came third behind the US and China for the number of measures notified .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption When it comes to services , all barriers to trade are NTBs
Looking at service industries , all barriers to trade are NTBs . There are no tariffs on services . In this sector the EU 's single market is less complete than it is for goods , so research by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) looked at individual EU countries .
The report covered 22 service industries in 44 nations ( rich countries and some of the more advanced emerging economies ) 23 of them EU members . Eight of the 10 least restrictive were EU members .
The EU also supports its farmers with subsidies . The system clearly helps them survive in the face of international competition . The OECD 's estimate of total subsidies to farmers was close to $ 100bn in 2016 .
But the EU is a very large economy and if you look at how much of farmers ' incomes come from subsidies the EU does n't stand out so much . It 's more generous to farmers than the US but less than Japan , South Korea , Norway , Iceland or Switzerland .
Fairly liberal
The conclusion is that the EU does indeed protect some of its producers , especially farmers , from outside competition , although the EU 's single market means they are fully exposed to competition from within the EU .
The EU ca n't claim to be the world 's freest trader , but on many measures it 's toward the more liberal end of the spectrum .
Britain may be able to go even further in that direction and remove barriers to trade unilaterally .
That will depend on what withdrawal agreement is reached with the EU and on a political judgement by the government about what changes to , for example , food standards it - and voters - are willing to accept .
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( WDTN ) – Unexpected illnesses , new born children , and a host of other issues sometimes take people away from their jobs for a time .
Right now , their positions with the company they work for are protected by a federal program called Family Medical Leave .
It grants an unpaid leave of absence from their job to care for a loved one , or themselves .
However , the amount of time it provides is not always sufficient to remedy the situation the leave is being taken for ; and sometimes the person on leave has to choose to return to work or quit to continue to care for their loved one .
State lawmakers in Ohio want to see that choice virtually eliminated with the creation of a State Paid Family Medical Leave program .
The program would provide people who use it up to $ 1,000 per week . The exact amount will vary on a per-person basis ; the formula for which is still being worked out .
There are several guidelines a person would have to meet to be eligible for the program .
First they would have to participate in the program by paying into it and estimated $ 1-2 per week out of their paychecks .
Employers are not being asked to pay into the fund that will be set up to manage and distribute all the money ; however , employers are allowed to pay the employees portion on their behalf .
Employees who do not want to participate will be able to opt out of the program , as will employers who can prove they offer a better program for their employees .
Next , the person will have had to work at least 680 hours over the last year ; the equivalent of 17 40-hour work weeks .
Finally , the person would be able to take up to 12 weeks of paid leave to care for a new baby ; a child ; a parent ; a spouse ; or to care for themselves .
State Representatives Kristin Boggs and Janine Boyd plan to introduce the measure into the Ohio House of Representatives in late February or early March after an extended amount of time for co-sponsors to sign onto the bill .
A Senate version of the bill will also be introduced by State Senator Charleta Tavares .
The lawmakers say that this will help businesses attract and keep talent here in Ohio , while giving employees the help they need in what can be a very trying time financially .
It is designed to get the employees back to work as quickly as possible while not forcing them to choose between returning to work and caring for a loved one or themselves due to financial pressures .
They also believe that it will reduce turnover for businesses that experience such a problem as employees exhaust their FML time and make the decision to quit in order to care for their loved one .
The lawmakers are confident the near decade worth of data shows that a program like this can work and be sustainable , as several other states have such programs .
Giants rookies cook up nice gifts for veterans When Kerry Wynn entered the locker room Wednesday morning , they were told to cover their eyes . The two rookie defensive linemen , Dalvin Tomlinson and Avery Moss , had a surprise for ...
Eli Apple is the face of Giants ' first step toward quitting Have the Giants quit ? It is always and forever the accusation when teams go rotten and rarely is it an accurate depiction of what is going down . To quit is ...
Giants ' rookie Avery Moss driven to prove their critics wrong The moment Avery Moss had envisioned for so many years had arrived . Finally , they would hear their name announced in the 2017 NFL Draft . “ The Colts liked me a lot , ...
Ben McAdoo gave up calling plays , with one caveat Ben McAdoo finally relinquished play-calling duties to offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan last week in a win against the Broncos , but the Giants coach still could end up audibling if he ...
Remember when top-notch talent used to shun corporate affairs ? Well , those days have gone the way of the public pay phones . These days A-Listers are banging down the door to get onto the Cannes Lions list of invited guests .
Over the weekend , whispers were exchanged that concert promoter Live Nation is expected to bring down a big , as yet , unnamed act . Stay tuned .
Music streamer Spotify , down on the Riviera in force , just announced in a blog post on Thursday that its ad revenue jumped 50 percent year-on-year in 2016 . It now counts 140 million global monthly active users .
“ Spotify 's streaming intelligence provides psychographic and behavioral audience insights which go beyond traditional demographics , ” Brian Benedik , the company 's global head of sales , boasted .
NCAA Tournament shootout exactly what Iona star 's been waiting for DENVER — Rarely has a day gone by this year when A.J . English did n't talk about the NCAA Tournament , about the Madness of March , of what it was like being ...
Iona never will forget this one moment of jubilation The funny thing was how tense the gymnasium was . This has been a week of eternal good feeling at Iona College . The Gaels won the MAAC last Monday , cut down ...
Iona wins MAAC title , leaving Monmouth 's dreams in doubt ALBANY — Monmouth had been Cinderella all season , knocking off national powerhouses while being adopted as the nation 's favorite underdog . The Hawks captured the spotlight and highlights and headlines like ...
A.J . English puts on clinic as Iona clinches dream MAAC finale ALBANY — The MAAC Tournament will conclude with a fitting climax . No . 1 Monmouth and No . 2 Iona 's seemingly inevitable championship collision will come to fruition Monday night in one ...
A.J . English lights up from beyond the arc to lead Iona ALBANY — Iona would rather have the MAAC 's best player than its Player of the Year . Hours after losing the league 's top individual award to Monmouth 's Justin Robinson by one ...
Red-hot Iona crushes rival Manhattan for fourth straight win Monmouth will arrive in Albany next week as the top seed in the MAAC Tournament , but right now the argument can be made Iona should be considered the tourney favorite ....
Iona slaps around Monmouth — but this time it was on the court WEST LONG BRANCH , N.J. — Iona slapped around Monmouth again — only this time , it was an on-court beatdown , not a postgame cheap shot . On Friday night , the Gaels looked ...
Iona no match for Rhode Island in first round of NIT KINGSTON , R.I. ( AP ) — E.C . Matthews and Jared Terrell each scored 18 points and Rhode Island beat Iona 88-75 on Tuesday in the first round of the NIT . Biggie Minnis ...
Iona races past Monmouth and on to MAAC title game ALBANY — Do n't let the fable fool you — tortoises have no business racing hares . Entering the MAAC Tournament semifinals with a regular-season split against Monmouth , top-seeded Iona exploited the ...
If you 've ever called 911 to report an emergency , thank the Johnson Crime Commission . Establishing a national emergency number was just one of more than 200 recommendations the Commission offered up in a landmark 1967 report `` for a safer and more just society . ''
Two years earlier , President Lyndon Johnson had appointed lawyers , educators , law enforcement officers , social workers and others – 19 members in all — to the group officially called the President 's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice . The 1960s was a turbulent decade , and crime had been a major concern . Johnson told the group they were spearheading a new `` war on crime , '' and they wanted them to be revolutionary in their recommendations . Over 18 months , the Crime Commission , including 63 staffers and hundreds of consultants and advisers , collected data and studied everything from juvenile delinquency to organized crime .
The final report , `` The Challenge of Crime in a Free Society , '' called for sweeping changes in policing , the courts and corrections . President Johnson said it was `` the most comprehensive and detailed program for meeting the challenge of crime ever proposed in this country . ''
Carnegie Mellon Professor Alfred Blumstein , widely recognized now for their research on criminal justice and violence , was one of the original staff members of the Johnson Crime Commission . At the time , they did n't think of the report as a revolution , `` but one thing that did come out of it was a movement toward thinking of the criminal justice system as a system , '' Blumstein says . As the Crime Commission 's director of technology , Blumstein and their group developed a flowchart , often used in criminology text books , that provided a visual take on how the courts , police and corrections interact .
Sheldon Krantz was also on the commission staff . Now a visiting professor of Law at Georgetown University , they were assigned to work on the Commission 's Police Task Force during a time when brutal police clashes with residents sometimes played out in full view during race riots across the country .
`` I think it 's fair to say in the '60s , police in America were in a somewhat primitive state , there was limited training , a lack of education , a lack of diversity , '' Krantz says .
The Commission concluded that to achieve more effective and fairer law enforcement , especially with the poor , minority groups and juveniles , there had to be a radical revision of police personnel practices . It also defined that the federal government 's role in policing should be in providing grants to local and state law enforcement and developing community oriented policing that focused on police and residents working together to fight crime . Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says that push for ongoing training for police departments is one of the legacies of the crime report .
`` We can always get better and be better , '' Johnson says .
The Johnson Commission concluded that seven objectives , including setting aside more money for basic research and devising different ways to deal with offenders , could help significantly reduce crime . Although many of the recommendations were wishful thinking , they did inspire changes beyond the 911 system . Here are just a few examples :
1 . The Commission said there was no reliable research about crime , so it collected data on an unprecedented scale .
Legacy : The creation of the first national Crime Victimization Survey . Today , the Bureau of Justice Statistics samples households every year to collect information about crimes that are both reported and not reported to police .
2 . The Commission called for improved training and professionalization for law enforcement
Legacy : Many police departments , especially in large cities , have training departments .
3 . The Commission recognized and said there must be ways to lessen the tension between police and communities
Legacy : The development of the Community Oriented Policing Services ( COPS ) program
4 . The Commission recommended that Congress creates a new office in the Justice Department devoted to assisting state and local law enforcement departments
Legacy : The creation of the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration , the federal agency provides federal funds to state and local law enforcement for local crime initiatives and education
Although , the Johnson Report focused on actions government could take , the Commission stated that controlling crime was the business of every American and American institution . It called for taking steps beyond cooperating with police or accepting jury duty and declared that citizens must respect the law , refuse to cut corners and reject the cynical argument that `` anything goes as long as you do n't get caught . ''
Laurie Robinson , a co-chairperson of President Obama 's White House Task Force on 21st century policing , says the Johnson Crime commission report was a guidepost for their group in a number of areas .
`` We looked at the Johnson 's Commission work on technology and of course we zeroed in on areas like body-worn cameras . ''
Now a criminologist at George Mason University , Robinson says the hallmark of the Johnson Crime Commission is that it spelled out new expectations for police , the courts , corrections and other players in the criminal justice system . They say that had n't been done before on such a scale .
`` The Johnson Crime Commission is really the most influential study of crime justice that has ever been undertaken in the United States , '' Robinson says .
Robinson and other legal scholars , including Stanley Krantz and Alfred Blumstein , will gather in a symposium in October to discuss the 50th anniversary of the `` Challenge of Crime '' report . There 's also a bipartisan push in Congress to establish a new National Commission to , once again , review the country 's criminal justice system from top to bottom .
The city plans to give the commissioner of the Department of Environmental Protection power to jack up water rates even if there is n't a drought emergency .
Proposed regulations published in the City Record show the agency is seeking permission to impose a new , higher “ water-shortage rate ” for conservation purposes .
The city has always had the authority to impose higher rates during a severe drought , but has never done so .
The new rules would loosen the criteria to include any situation that results in a water shortage , such as a system breakdown .
Owners of one-family homes currently pay an average $ 1,000 annual water bill . Apartment-building owners are billed roughly $ 700 per tenant .
Lawmakers slammed the New Year 's surprise .
“ New Yorkers are already getting socked with high water rates . The last thing we should be doing is having the DEP commissioner and the Water Board unilaterally raising water rates , ” said Queens City Councilman Eric Ulrich , a member of the Environmental Protection Committee .
Ulrich said they would request that the council hold a hearing on the proposal .
The move comes as the DEP is making $ 1 billion in repairs to the upstate Delaware Aqueduct , a section of which is leaking 35 million gallons of water a day .
The aqueduct provides more than half the city 's tap water .
Up to 700 people could be fed by a Flintshire foodbank this Christmas .
Andy Leake , founder member of the Trussell Trust , the Christian community organisation which kickstarted the Flintshire Foodbank , said the service was gearing up for another busy festive period .
Mr Leake , a pastor at King 's Christian Centre in Mold , said while they were pleased to be helping those in crisis this Christmas , `` the best solution '' would be that the foodbank `` did n't exist at all . ''
Mr Leake told the Leader last year that they expected 2017 to be “ even busier ” than last year and said the amount of people coming through foodbank because of issues with the Government 's new benefit system had increased .
They said : “ We were very similar in terms of numbers through the summer , feeding around 550 people month by month .
“ In the last two months , we 've had a lot more people coming in suffering difficulties with Universal Credit , but we embarked on a massive three day collection in Tesco and so many people gave such a huge amount of food . ”
The Flintshire network of foodbanks spreads across the county in Connah 's Quay , Saltney , Mold , Holywell , Mostyn , Flint and Buckley , and Mr Leake said preparations had been in place at all seven sites for the festive rush .
“ We fed 52 people in just one session in Mold , so in just four hours , that is amazing , ” they said .
“ We 're geared up to deal with that and have the stock to cope with demand .
“ We are ready to go and this year I 'd expect us , in the month throughout Christmas to feeding about 600 to 700 people . ”
As a mark of the Christmas spirit of giving a gift , Mr Leake said foodbank volunteers were ensuring they put a smile on the face of those in need this year .
They added : “ We 're running a scheme this year which means that every person , every family that receives a food parcel will not only get that but a few Christmas goodies as well .
“ We 're so delighted to be offering this and the people of Flintshire , businesses and community organisations have just been unbelievable .
“ The best solution would be that we did n't exist at all but as long as there 's a need , we will carry on .
“ While people need the foodbank , or are in crisis , we will be there to help them . ”
They 'll make the NRA 's dreams come true !
The Grand Prospect Hall in Park Slope — known for its ubiquitous commercials on NY1 with the tag line , “ We 'll make your dreams come true ” — has stepped in to host a controversial NRA fundraiser that was too hot for Coney Island .
​​
That 's right — left-leaning Park Slope is hosting a gun show .
see also Staten Island NRA fundraiser canceled A planned fundraiser for the NRA on Staten Island has ...
The Second-Annual Brooklyn Friends of the NRA fundraiser and gun raffle was planned for Coney Island icon Gargiulo 's on April 12 as The Post first reported , but the seaside catering hall decided not to pull the trigger after it came under fire for hosting the event on the heels of the tragic school shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida last month .
A separate NRA event slated for Staten Island 's The Vanderbilt was also cancelled amid backlash .
But now Grand Prospect Hall is quietly taking over hosting duties .
“ We will not be advertising so we need everyone to try to encourage friends to join us in this fight to keep both our first and second amendments alive , ” reads an email the NRA group sent to ticket-holders that was shared with The Post . “ It would be also nice gesture to contact The Grand Prospect Hall and thank them in advance for standing with us . ”
The news left Park Slopers shell-shocked — especially Stoneman Douglas alumna Claire McCue .
“ It 's surprising also an event that has already been chased out of Coney Island , Staten Island and for them to be successful and have an event here [ Park Slope ] in my backyard is just something I do n't understand , ” an emotional McCue told The Post .
“ I am an alumna of Marjory Stoneman Douglas , class of 1993 , a Park Slope resident , mother to a young daughter about to start public school , and wife to a NYC first responder so this event has disturbed me on many levels , ” they said . “ I do not want any money raised in my neighborhood to go to anyone lobbying on behalf of the NRA or any of the NRA efforts . ”
Fumed 67-year-old Sloper Celeste Haynes : “ The NRA is out of control and they should n't be anywhere near these nice , liberal people in Park Slope . ”
Critics flooded the catering hall 's Facebook and Yelp pages with messages urging it to cancel the event , and a woman who identified themselves as a sales director said they could not comment .
“ Getting a lot of phone calls and totally overwhelmed , we do n't know much , ” they said , refusing to give a name .
A flyer for the event circulated when Gargiulo 's was hosting promised $ 50 raffle tickets for prizes such as the “ 2018 Gun of the Year Set ” — which includes the gold-plated Kimber engraved with the words “ Defending Freedom , ” a Silver Stag hunting knife and the BB gun — as well as a Henry Lever Action Shotgun with “ second Amendment engraving ” and a Weatherby Vanguard Camilla Women 's Rifle emblazoned with an NRA seal .
Assemblywoman Jo Anne Simon , whose district includes the century-old catering hall , said the NRA has a right to host fundraisers , but said it must take the gun raffle off the menu .
“ Listen im not a fan of the organization , ” they told The Post . “ What I object to in particular is the raffle . I would rather no place in Brooklyn have a raffle for the NRA . ”
Simon introduced legislation last Wednesday that would ban the raffling of firearms throughout the state .
A person who answered the phone at Grand Prospect Hall said they did not know whether there would be a raffle and referred questions to owner Michael Halkias , who did not respond to several requests for comment .
Football notifications , social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone , sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online .
Charlotte Community and Labor Leaders Hold Press Conference to Demand Accountability for Worksite Death of Juventino Hernandez
Mauricio Gonzalez , uncle of Juventino Mata-Hernandez , the worker who fell to their death last week at the Legacy Union building site , talks about their nephew and their skepticism about the results of the pending investigation .
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump 's campaign staff , according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials . American agencies were concerned about the contacts but have n't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus , the reports say .
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia 's attempts to tamper with the presidential election , according to The New York Times , which first reported the contacts .
Both the Times and CNN , which has published its own story about the intercepted communications , cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories .
According to CNN , `` The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S . intelligence . ''
Reporter Matt Apuzzo , part of the Times team that broke the story , tells NPR 's Morning Edition that while officials said they have n't seen proof of collusion — `` just the flurry of contacts was enough , and the timing of the contacts , was enough to get them very concerned . ''
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts , officials tell both news outlets .
Michael Flynn , whose tenure as national security adviser lasted less than four weeks , was among the Trump insiders who were regularly in touch with Russians , according to CNN .
Flynn resigned late Monday after reports alleged that they had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with that country 's ambassador — and then misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations . The chain of events emerging today suggests that those contacts in late December are separate from the calls cited by officials who discussed contacts between Trump campaign aides and Russian nationals during the heat of last year 's election season .
President Trump called the new reports `` conspiracy theories '' early Wednesday .
`` The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred , '' the president wrote . They then added that MSNBC and CNN are `` unwatchable , '' while the Fox News program Fox & Friends `` is great . ''
The Kremlin had a similar response , with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying , `` Let us not believe in what media say , for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones . ''
That 's according to state-run Tass media , which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media .
In Washington , government leaks have fueled a succession of unflattering stories about the new administration , from details about President Trump 's phone calls with foreign leaders to rumored rivalries among senior White House Staff .
Faced with a new leak Wednesday , Trump tweeted , `` The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by 'intelligence ' like candy . Very un-American ! ''
Allegations about Trump 's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July , when they urged Russian agents to `` find '' Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 's emails and release them .
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia ; in Congress , there are also calls for public investigations . Last month , the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections .
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own , particularly as the new president is settling into the White House .
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana , who 's on the House Judiciary Committee , tells Morning Edition , `` I do n't think we need an independent investigation here , I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work . ''
That work , they said , includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations . Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that 's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens .
`` There are some serious legal implications here , '' Johnson said , `` but it has nothing to do with partisan politics . I mean , the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review . ''
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored .
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump 's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country :
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. ;
Paul Manafort , resigned as Trump 's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump 's policies with Russian interests ;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September , as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts .
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were `` regularly communicating with Russian nationals , '' CNN reports .
In an interview with the Times , Manafort called the officials ' account `` absurd '' and said they had never had anything to do with Putin 's government .
Manafort told the newspaper , `` It 's not like these people wear badges that say , ' I 'm a Russian intelligence officer . ' ''
Isabella Rossellini is an organic farmer now Isabella Rossellini is Hollywood royalty , but the 65-year-old actor and daughter of Ingrid Bergman and director Robert Rossellini is n't content to rest on their laurels . In addition to starring in ...
Wenner chooses their own interviewer for 92Y gig The 92nd Street Y revealed that the “ Conversation with Jann Wenner ” wo n't be a monologue after all . Documentary filmmaker Alex Gibney , who is working on a film about the ...
Kyra Sedgwick loves hubby Kevin Bacon — but also their 'me ' time “ I 'm definitely a dyed-in-the-wool New Yorker , ” declares Kyra Sedgwick , who was born in Manhattan 51 years ago . Only here , says the Emmy-winning star of “ The Closer , ” can a celebrity walk ...
The biggest movie stars ca n't shake this interview legend If you love movies as much as Annette Insdorf does , the Academy Awards may break your heart . Back when Paul Newman , star of “ Hud , ” lost the Best Actor trophy to ...
Here 's where Vince Giordano goes for good jazz If you saw “ Boardwalk Empire , ” you 've heard Vince Giordano 's music . They and their band , the Nighthawks , help keep the jazz of the '20s and '30s alive . Now the Brooklyn-born and ...
How George R.R . Martin got their 'Game ' on The scene is 1950s New York City — but the view is from the New Jersey side , in gritty , hardscrabble Bayonne , where a longshoreman 's young son gazes longingly from his ...
92nd St. Shame : Y opts to promote 'wolf ' Jordan Belfort It 's hard to understand why the 92nd Street Y will host convicted fraudster Jordan Belfort as a high-profile speaker [ next month ] . That he 's to talk on the alleged current ills ...
Scandalized former head of 92nd Street Y commits suicide Two years after they were sacked in disgrace from the helm of the 92nd Street Y , former executive director Sol Adler has hanged themselves in their Brooklyn home , police said ...
Sting 's ‘ The Last Ship ' sailing toward B'way next fall I was chatting with Sting the other night — that sound you hear is a name being dropped — about their upcoming Broadway musical , “ The Last Ship. ” We were backstage ...
Hamas on Monday blasted Palestinian Authority ( PA ) chairperson Mahmoud Abbas , after they directly blamed the group for last week 's bomb attack against PA leader Rami Hamdallah in Gaza and threatened sanctions against them .
`` This is an attempt to undermine the opportunity to achieve unity between Gaza and the West Bank . Abu Mazen is paving the way for chaos through which it will be possible to approve President Trump 's plans and Israel 's plans , '' the group said in comments quoted by Yediot Aharonot .
A youngster donned their running shoes to raise funds for charity in memory of their late friend .
Emily Hughes , 14 , of Rhostyllen , has raised £250 for Meningitis Now in memory of Cameron Tyler , of Coedpoeth , who died aged 10 after contracting the illness earlier this year .
Emily ran seven miles from Rhostyllen to Llay Miners Welfare and was greeted at the finish by their dad Gareth , as well as Cameron 's grandmother Edith Jones and aunt Allison .
Them friend William Harper , 14 , accompanied them on their bicycle while their mum Janice Hughes followed in their car .
Janice said they were “ extremely proud ” for deciding to do the fundraising run .
They added : “ On Saturday it was absolutely pouring it down and they still did the run .
“ Cameron 's nan and auntie were there to meet them as they got to the finish line . That made them feel really proud . ”
Emily has raised the money through a sponsorship form and online .
Janice told how Emily knew the youngster as their father and Cameron 's dad Simon played bowls together at Llay Welfare .
Remembering Cameron , Emily said : “ He was sweet . They would run up to their dad at bowls and loved being with him . They were so cute , the way they were with their dad . I wish the family had never had to go through this – it 's so sad . ”
Luis Suarez conceded that Raba 's dismissal was key in opening the door for Barcelona to beat Villarreal 2-0 on Sunday .
Barça restored their five-point lead at the top of LaLiga with victory at the Estadio de la Ceramica , Suarez and Lionel Messi with the goals .
However , Ernesto Valverde 's men were made to work hard for their victory , with Villarreal holding their own until Raba saw red on the hour mark for a lunge on Sergio Busquets .
Suarez credited Villarreal 's solid display but also thought Barça were well worth the win after lifting their game in the second half .
`` We knew the pressure we had , because our rivals had won and that forced us to put in a good game and add three more points , '' they said , as quoted by Mundo Deportivo .
`` In the first half , we struggled to create clear chances , also Villarreal played well . After the break , we managed to improve .
`` Villarreal are always a very difficult opponent here at home , and it is true that the first half was very even but , after the sending-off , we were able to create more chances . ''
The introduction of Paco Alcacer helped turn the tide further in Barça 's favour and the striker set up Suarez 's strike within 15 minutes of coming on .
The Uruguay star added of their fellow attacker : `` The introduction of Paco went very well , it was once again demonstrated how important Alcacer is for the team . ''
Eight people are facing federal charges related to a drug ring that ran drugs into the northern part of the state from the Milwaukee area .
Source : GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
After a bacterial skin infection and then pneumonia sent Veronica James ' mother , Vera , to the hospital , they seemed to be recovering . They hoped to have them back home within a month or two .
But soon after James checked in on their one February morning , things quickly spiraled . Them mother 's oxygen flow was cut off , and they fell into a coma and later died — all due to hospital negligence , James says .
As part of an eventual settlement out of court , the New Jersey hospital tried to get them to agree to a gag clause , which would have prevented them from speaking out , James told MarketWatch .
Instead , James added a provision that they say allows them to speak about the experience . She 's since become a patient advocate , starting a bill to end gag clauses in their home state of New Jersey . ( The hospital did not return MarketWatch 's request for comment . )
Gag clauses , also called nondisclosure agreements , are “ why you do n't hear about things like this in the news , ” James says . “ It 's hush money , basically . ”
Related : This is secretly killing 10 % of Americans
Disgraced USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar 's sentencing hearing , which concluded last week , was an unusually high-profile airing of misconduct by a doctor — complete with statements by 155 victims over the course of seven days .
But cases of physicians harming a patient , ranging from sexual misconduct to medical error , are often kept quiet through secret settlements , patient advocates say .
Such agreements are intended to shield doctors and medical institutions from bad publicity , but critics say they threaten public safety by keeping critical information from patients .
“ It might be a botched surgery , it might be a serious infection they got in the hospital , it might be they got some kind of treatment they did n't ask for or expect , ” Lisa McGiffert , director of Consumer 's Union 's Safe Patient Project , told MarketWatch . “ There 's really not a whole lot of accountability for doctors that harm patients . ”
See more : A simple way to prevent medical mistakes
Physician sexual misconduct certainly extends beyond Larry Nassar , though the exact reach is difficult to ascertain . A survey conducted by Women 's Health and the Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network , found that just under 30 % of nearly 500 women surveyed reported experiencing sexual misconduct by a physician .
More than 2,400 doctors have been accused of sexual misconduct explicitly involving patients since 1999 , though the number could be higher than 3,100 , according to a sweeping investigation by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution that analyzed public records from all states .
However , because many violations never become public , “ no one knows the extent of the problem , ” the investigation concluded .
Ryan Williams , a colorectal surgeon for The Cleveland Clinic who was accused of anally raping two women during medical appointments , was kept on staff while the hospital reached a confidential settlement , USA Today reported earlier this month .
Settlements are also prevalent in cases of medical error , which are hard to track but could account for as much as 10 % of U.S. deaths , which would make it the third-leading cause of death .
Read : Why sexual harassers keep offending
In the early 2000s , when a neurosurgeon said Patty Skolnik 's 22-year-old son needed emergency brain surgery for a brain tumor that could kill him , Skolnik did n't question the doctor .
But after a traumatic experience that spanned “ 32 months in five different hospitals in three different states , ” culminating with their son being been taken off life support , Skolnik now believes the surgery was unnecessary .
After suing the doctor , they were offered a settlement with a gag clause , which would have prevented them from talking about their son 's story and the doctor and hospital involved , they said .
In other words , “ ‘ we 'll give you this money and you shut your mouth , ” Skolnik said .
But they say they were able to negotiate a settlement that allowed them to speak about those matters , just not about the monetary value of the settlement .
Settlements in malpractice claims commonly prohibit some kind of information from being shared , according to a 2015 Journal of the American Medical Association study , which looked at the 150 settlement payments made by the University of Texas medical system over the course of five years .
Settlements prevented such things as sharing a settlement 's terms and amount , that a settlement had been reached , the facts of the case , reporting to regulatory agencies and , in some rare cases , disparagement of the doctors or hospitals , the study found . ( The study said that , in response to its findings , the health system stopped prohibiting reports to regulatory agencies . )
In the years since their son 's death , Skolnik has been busy advocating for patients . They helped pass legislation in their son 's name that makes it easier to look up medical professionals in Colorado , and has worked to educate consumers and train health professionals through their small business , Citizens for Patient Safety .
Other advocates have also been working to improve medical transparency in their states , but they say it 's slow going . Even information about disciplinary actions against doctors , which should be publicly available through state medical boards , is not easy to find , McGiffert said .
“ You can find out about your car from Carfax , you can find out about your roofer from the Better Business Bureau — you need to be able to find out about your health care professional , ” Skolnik said .
GLENDALE , Ariz. — Twins delivered 10 minutes apart at an Arizona hospital over New Year 's weekend have different birth years .
Phoenix TV station KNXV-TV reports that parents Holly and Brandon Shay welcomed their first son , Sawyer , into the world at 11:51 p.m. Saturday at Banner Hospital .
Their second son , Everett , arrived one minute after midnight on Sunday .
The father joked that Sawyer will tease their brother about being the older sibling .
The same thing happened over the weekend in San Diego .
Twin girls born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns were delivered at 11:56 p.m. Saturday and at midnight on Sunday .
I had lofty hopes for “ The Man in the High Castle , ” Amazon 's new series based on the Phillip K. Dick novel in which America is under the thumb of Germany ...
Customers of the two banks will henceforth be customers of GCB Bank
The Head of Banking Supervision at the Bank of Ghana , Raymond Amanfu , has hinted that there will be some layoffs at UT Bank and Capital Bank due to the transfer of deposits and assets to GCB Bank .
But essentially all staff of the two banks will become staff of GCB Bank , they suggested . The Central Bank on Monday announced a Purchase and Assumption transaction with GCB Bank as a result of the revocation of the licenses of UT Bank and Capital Bank .
In a statement issued on the deal , the Central Bank said new terms of contract will be reached with staff .
The statement said one of the key factors in finally settling on GCB Bank – out of three bidders – as the purchasing bank is its ability to employ staff of the two banks . Addressing the media on Monday , Mr Amanfu said the situation is not unusual with banks .
“ Every bank has its ups and downs in seasons , ” they observed . “ It is your ability to resolve the issues when they occur [ that counts ] . ” Customers of the two banks will henceforth be customers of GCB Bank .
“ The Bank of Ghana reassures customers of UT Bank and Capital Bank that their money is safe and they can continue to do business at their respective branches which are now the branches of GCB Bank , ” the Central Bank 's statement concluded .
قالب وردپرس
Comments
ATLANTIC CITY , N.J. — A Pennsylvania man who repeatedly stabbed a woman in an Atlantic City casino parking garage last year has pleaded guilty to attempted murder .
David Legette entered their plea Tuesday as part of a deal with Atlantic County prosecutors . The 54-year-old Bristol Township man faces a 16-year state prison term when he 's sentenced July 20 .
Authorities say the victim had an active restraining order against Legette when the attack occurred July 2 . Prosecutors say Legette stabbed their 19 times , then locked the car doors so they could n't escape .
As Legette drove in nearby Ventnor , the woman reached out of the window and opened the door from the outside . They then rolled themselves out of the car and landed in the middle of the road as Legette drove off . They survived the ordeal .
Kate Upton slipped into a schoolgirl getup to sing Britney Spears ' 1998 debut hit single “ …Baby One More Time ” on Spike 's “ Lip Sync Battle . ”
[ embedded content ]
KATE UPTON SEXIEST SI COVER MODEL ?
The 24-year-old Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Rookie of the Year is expected to battle it out against entertainer Ricky Martin on Thursday in the hit reality TV series and a sneak peek of the upcoming episode shows she 's setting the bar high .
Upton is spotted wearing the infamous schoolgirl outfit while they slither across the stage to Spears ' iconic hit . Even co-host and fellow swimsuit Rookie Chrissy Teigen appeared shocked by Upton 's daring moves .
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
The upcoming episode is scheduled to air this Thursday at 10 p.m. on Spike .
Olanipekun denies dismissing anti-corruption campaign
Eminent lawyer , Chief Wole Olanipekun , has debunked reports that they described the anti-corruption crusade of the Buhari administration as a charade.In a statement yesterday on one of the reports entitled , “ No one is fighting corruption . It 's a circus show , ” they said : “ My attention has just been drawn to the above-captioned publication which is now making the rounds on various media platforms , particularly the online and social media .
“ In the said publication , for non-altruistic reasons , a portion of the convocation lecture I delivered at the Ekiti State University ( EKSU ) , as part of the events marking the 22nd Convocation Ceremony of the University titled : ‘ Breaking the jinx-The cyclical nature of Nigeria 's problems ' on 30th March , 2017 , was quoted and , in a most unfair manner , some lines , words , adjectives , sentences and phrases which were not part of the lecture , and which I never intended to include in the lecture , have now been added under the above caption , and has now been published , distributed , and disseminated as having emanated from me ; and also as my reaction to the recent discovery of large sums of money in different currencies by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) at a residential apartment in Ikoyi , Lagos .
“ The general public is hereby informed that the said publication is not mine . It is not only strange , but also alien to me . I did not make or authorise it ; neither did I grant any interview , make any comment or express any opinion , either in respect of the discovered cache , the EFCC as an institution or Mr. Ibrahim Magu as a person . The EFCC disclosed the discovery of the different cash sums to the public on 12th April , 2017 whilst the convocation lecture I delivered at EKSU was so done on 30th March , 2017 . Naturally and logically , on the said 30th March , 2017 , I could not have commented on an event that was to occur thirteen ( 13 ) days thereafter . ”
Olanipekun added : “ Without being immodest , I have been intervening in national affairs over the years with altruistic and patriotic motives as part of my own humble contributions to the larger and enduring interest of the Nigerian collective .
Whenever I so intervene , I do it publicly through avenues that are properly recorded and defined . “ Having put the foregoing on record , I dissociate myself wholly , completely and unreservedly from the said publication , and advise those who are behind it to either refrain from its further or continued publication , or be bold enough to put their names as the authors and/or publishers . ”
This post was syndicated from Breaking News , Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
At least 12 revelers suffered burns after a man hurled acid across an East London club during a mass brawl at a sold-out Easter event .
The dispute in London Fields forced the evacuation of the venue where about 600 partygoers had been at a Lovejuice nine-hour house music event .
The revelers were partying at Wringer & Mangle , Sidworth Street , when an “ unknown corrosive substance ” believed to be acid was thrown early this morning .
Roads were closed as emergency services , including a hazardous area response team , rushed to the scene .
London Ambulance Service took 10 patients to hospital , while police said a further two people with similar injuries sought treatment .
Related stories…
Two male victims in their 20s remain in a serious but stable condition in hospital .
Met Police said : “ Officers believe a dispute between two groups of people developed inside the venue , resulting in a noxious substance being sprayed by a male suspect directly at Victims 1 and 2 . Other people inside the venue suffered the effects of the substance .
“ The substance is yet to be identified , but it is believed to have been acidic . ”
A manager of a nearby bar told staff a girl had suffered burns to their face and arm in an acid attack .
Another witness described seeing a group pouring bottles of water over what appeared to be an injured friend .
A London Fire Brigade spokesperson confirmed that the substance was identified by a PH paper test as a strong acidic substance . ”
Read more from The Sun .
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . — Walmart is having all sorts of promotions for the back-to-school season , but selling firearms is n't one of them .
The world 's largest retailer said Friday an internal investigation determined without a doubt that the company was pranked when a photograph emerged on social media showing a sign reading “ Own The School Year Like A Hero ” atop a gun case in a store .
“ We have definite proof it was a prank , ” Walmart spokesperson Charles Crowson told The Associated Press on Friday evening .
The photograph on social media included Walmart 's superhero-themed , back-to-school promotion with a gun rack in a sporting goods section . Initially , the company apologized and said the sign was being taken down but then began to question whether it had been there at all .
Crowson would n't say what proof the company had : Was an image manipulated ? Did a customer move a sign for a joke ? Did an employee deliberately or inadvertently place the “ Own the School Year ” sign on the wrong display ?
They acknowledged only that the photo was n't taken at a store in Evansville , Indiana , as had been originally suggested . They would n't say where the image had been made — only that the mystery had been solved .
“ This is a result of a collective effort by a number of associates who take things like this seriously , ” they said .
see also Walmart markets guns as back-to-school items Walmart : Save money , shoot guns . Parents shopping at one of ...
After the post appeared this week , a number of people criticized the company on social media , expressing disgust . Among the samples : “ Lem me just scoop my jaw off the floor ” and “ I 've seen a lot of disturbing pictures of folks shopping at WalMart , but this tops them all . ”
The company has at times been pressured by shareholders about its gun sales . A New York church , for instance , petitioned in 2014 to have a shareholder vote on whether the company should sell products that “ endanger public safety and well-being. ” The next year , the company said it would no longer sell high-powered rifles because of lower sales .
In 2006 , the company stopped gun sales in about 1,000 stores — it has more than 4,500 nationwide — again citing a lack of demand .
Barrie 's downtown theatre is getting a new name , but it 's up to you what that 'll be . At City Hall Monday night , council voted yes on a plan that would see local developer Pratt Home get the naming rights to the theatre at the Five Points . Pratt says the task of coming up with a name now falls to the community , with a contest to pick a name in the works . The deal also includes a rule that the name will remain the same no matter who may sponsor it in the future . Pratt got the naming rights for the theatre for 15 years , at a cost of $ 300,000 . The previous naming rights owner filed for bankruptcy in 2015 , after only paying $ 200,000 on a $ 500,000 commitment .
Crawling through rush hour traffic is probably the last thing you 're looking forward to on a Monday . So how about tapping an app on your smartphone and heading out the door and into a new Mercedes-Benz robo-cab ?
That 's the vision behind a new joint venture between Mercedes ' parent Daimler AG and German auto supplier Bosch . The project , announced earlier this week , is aimed at putting fully driverless cabs on the road by 2021 , the partners explaining that , `` The idea… is that the vehicle will come to the driver , not the other way around . ''
As we head towards the end of the decade , a concept that was long the stuff of science fiction seems set to become everyday reality — and faster than many had expected . Virtually every major automaker — along with an assortment of industry suppliers and some non-traditional players like Google parent Alphabet — are racing to put not only autonomous , but even fully driverless , vehicles on the road .
Visitors look at a self-driving car by Google in Paris , 2016 . REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
How soon remains a topic of debate . Several of the contenders claim they 'll be there before 2020 . Others are targeting early to mid-decade . Skeptics , meanwhile , point to a pair of recent crashes involving autonomous prototypes and warn the path to autonomy is nowhere near as smooth as it might seem .
From Assisted Driving ...
What manufacturers will bring to market — and who they 'll target with these high-tech cars — is also a matter of dispute . Cars with semi-autonomous features , such as forward collision warning with auto-braking , are already in wide distribution , but the term , `` autonomous vehicle '' covers a lot of ground . Not all self-driving vehicles are going to be equal . And some of the most advanced may be so expensive they 'll only be aimed at ride-sharing and delivery service fleets , rather than retail customers , experts warn .
Industry trade groups rank autonomous technologies by their levels of capabilities , starting with Level 1 , vehicles that can assist the driver in avoiding accidents , though the human is always in charge . These systems are already in widespread use on even some mid-priced models , like the Ford Fusion and Toyota Camry .
Level 2 systems allow drivers to briefly take hands off the wheel , though usually on well-marked , limited-access highways . And the driver must be ready to retake control at a moment 's notice . Think Tesla 's Autopilot . Volvo is offering similar technology on its new XC90 , S90 and V90 models , while Mercedes-Benz is in the loop with its newly updated E-Class .
Level 3 moves things up a notch , allowing the vehicle to travel hands-free in most situations though , again , an `` operator '' will still need to be ready to take over in an emergency . Tesla promises to upgrade Autopilot to this level by the end of the decade . Nissan says it will have Level 3 models in production by 2020 , and several other automakers will be close behind .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Google takes responsibility for self-driving car accident 0:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
... to Completely Driverless
Now comes the real technological magic . Level 4 vehicles will not require a human behind the wheel . In fact , there may not even be a steering wheel , pedals or other driver controls . These completely driverless vehicles will , however , be `` geo-fenced , '' a fancy way of saying there 'll be limits to where they can operate , and when . They may be restricted in bad weather , especially heavy snow and ice .
Level 5 goes all the way . These are the robo-cars , cabs and trucks of sci-fi , able to operate anytime , anyplace , without human intervention .
Mercedes and Ford are both promising to put fully driverless vehicles on the road by 2021 . The early ones may have some limits — Level 4 capabilities — but the goal is to reach full Level 5 soon after . Meanwhile , Waymo , the Google spin-off that has clocked millions of miles with its fleet of autonomous vehicles , is getting ready to start testing fully driverless models in the coming months .
Related : Tesla Autopilot Begins Braking Before Wreck
At least , those are the plans . A new study by Navigant Research rates how manufacturers are faring in the autonomous race . It puts Ford first , closely followed by General Motors , Daimler and the Renault-Nissan Alliance . Surprisingly , Waymo , which has traditionally been viewed as the field 's leader , slips closer to mid-pack in the study .
Why Tech Companies Are No Longer in the Lead
`` On the tech side ( Waymo ) gets a very high score , '' Navigant researcher Sam Abuelsamid told NBCNews . `` But what they do n't have is a production strategy . They do n't have a pathway to produce vehicles or distribute them . ''
Struggling to find a way to get autonomous technology actually out onto the road is one reason why experts like Abuelsamid believe Apple decided to scale back its own , secretive car program , which had gone by the codename Project Titan .
Not everyone agrees on how to put autonomous and fully driverless vehicles on the road . Lower level technologies will certainly find its way to your local showroom , albeit carrying a price premium that could run into the thousands of dollars . Even Level 3 systems could go into retail distribution , though here 's where the debate starts to intensify .
Most experts believe that vehicles that smart will require a mix of radar , sonar , camera and LIDAR — high-definition , 3D laser — sensors , like those found on the latest Waymo prototype unveiled in January , a heavily modified Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid minivan . By taking production of LIDAR sensors in house , Waymo has cut their cost to $ 7,000 apiece , but the vehicles need four each . To be affordable for the masses , that would have to come down by at least another order of magnitude .
Related : Riding Along in Ford 's Autonomous Fusion
That 's why many experts anticipate the real market for autonomous vehicles wo n't be the typical consumer . Like Mercedes , Ford last year said its driverless vehicles will be aimed , at least initially , at ride-sharing and delivery fleets . If costs do fall enough , retail models could follow .
This approach could revolutionize what we drive — or whether we drive at all . Travis Kalanick , the CEO of Uber , says they believe driverless vehicles will lower the cost of their service to the point it will be cheaper to hail a ride than to own a private vehicle . John Zimmer , the CEO of rival ride-sharing service Lyft , has gone so far as to predict car ownership could all but vanish in major metropolitan areas .
Even Mark Fields , CEO of Ford , believes ride- and car-sharing could sharply cut into vehicle sales over the next decade .
Safety Is n't Taking a Back Seat
That said , not everyone is quite so upbeat about the pace at which proponents hope to bring autonomous vehicles to the real world . They point to a fatal crash last May involving a Tesla Model S sedan operating in Autopilot , as well as two recent , albeit minor , crashes in Arizona involving a prototype Uber vehicle and a production Tesla Model X using the latest Autopilot update .
`` It 's simply outrageous that companies using our public streets as their private laboratories , '' said John Simpson , director of California-based Consumer Watchdog . `` Who is protecting our safety ? ''
Despite such concerns , few expect public testing to ease up . California , for example , has until now blocked testing of driverless vehicles but regulators there are set to ease that restriction . If anything , the general consensus is that autonomous technology will eventually lead to a sharp reduction in highway crashes — 90 percent of which are blamed on human error . Former National Highway Traffic Safety Administration chief Mark Rosekind estimated fatalities could eventually drop to zero from an average of around 35,000 annually in recent years .
It remains unclear if the aggressive timetables many automakers have announced will prove realistic . But few doubt that a number of vehicles offering various levels of autonomy will be on the road within the next decade .
Germany 's two-time Olympic luge champion Felix Loch is hopeful of a winning a third gold at the 2018 Games in Pyeongchang .
WATCH MORE : 'It 's gold or bust ' for USA women 's ice hockey team
Watch live coverage of the Winter Olympics across BBC TV , website , app and Red Button services .
Video
More than 120 firefighters have dealt with a major fire at a thatched pub and hotel .
The fire broke out The Potters Heron , in Ampfield near Romsey shortly after 17:00 GMT on Monday .
Hampshire Fire and Rescue said the was hurt in the blaze .
SIOUS FALLS , S.D . — Sioux Falls police say a 5-year-old Iowa girl who drowned in a river in a Sioux Falls park had reached out to touch the foam near some waterfalls when they slipped into the water .
Police spokesperson Sam Clemens said Monday Maggie Jo Zaiger , of Audubon , Iowa , fell into the Big Sioux River in Falls Park near a pedestrian bridge Sunday , a spot not far from where two others drowned in 2013 .
Sioux Falls parks and recreation director Don Kearney says after the 2013 deaths , the city upgraded its caution signs to warn adults to keep close watch on young children , among other things . Kearney says the foam is a naturally occurring phenomenon created by phosphorus and the agitated water .
They say the city considered installing barricades near the falls , but felt that would create a false sense of security .
FILE - In this Oct. 3 , 2014 , file photo , Jon Huntsman , Sr. speaks to reporters during a press conference , in Salt Lake City . Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. has died . Huntsman 's assistant Pam Bailey confirmed they died Friday , Feb. 2018 , in Salt Lake City . They were 80 . Bailey declined to name a cause of death . Rick Bowmer , File AP Photo
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -- Select -- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
A elderly woman was fatally struck by a van as they tried to cross Pitman Avenue in The Bronx Friday night — and the driver fled the scene on foot , police said .
Hilda Arocho , 82 , had been crossing the avenue mid-block in Wakefield — just feet from their own front door — when they were struck at 9:11 p.m. , police said . They were pronounced dead at Jacobi Hospital .
The driver was being sought by NYPD .
The son of a retired NYPD sergeant whose brave battle with cancer inspired a “ Sesame Street ” character passed away at their home this week , relatives said .
Danny Mulvey , 20 , who was diagnosed with leukemia at age 4 , was the basis for a heart-warming muppet named Chester , whom Elmo visits in a hospital bed .
Danny was the son of former Sgt . Daniel Mulvey , who served the Upper West Side 's 20th Precinct .
In 2001 , Danny got a bone-marrow transplant , but the leukemia returned three years later , according to their family .
They spent some of the year in a hospital bed — at a time when coverage of 9/11 and its aftermath were often on TV — and developed an admiration for the US armed forces , they said .
Last month , Danny was named an honorary solider at a touching ceremony at a firehouse in Chester in Orange County . An Army general swore in Mulvey who , despite being wheelchair-bound , insisted on standing for the oath .
The Sesame Street clip featuring the character Danny inspired shows Elmo singing a song titled “ Here for You. ” Chester is Elmo 's cousin .
“ A nice man told Elmo laughing would make Chester feel better , ” Elmo says in clip , which is part of a “ Sesame Street ” resource video shown to sick children .
“ He was right , ” replies Chester , an adorable orange muppet .
Danny Mulvey is also survived by their mother Maureen and sister Alicia .
A viewing for Danny will be held Saturday and Sunday from 4 to 8 p.m. at Flynn Funeral & Cremation in Monroe , NY .
Their funeral will be held from Monday at 11 a.m. at St. Columba Church in Chester .
Minnesota regulators should approve Enbridge Energy 's proposal for replacing its aging Line 3 crude oil pipeline only if it follows the existing route rather than company 's preferred route , an administrative law judge recommended Monday .
The proposal has drawn strong opposition because Enbridge 's preferred route would carry Canadian tar sands crude from Alberta across environmentally sensitive areas in the Mississippi River headwaters region where American Indians harvest wild rice and hold treaty rights .
Administrative Law Judge Ann O'Reilly 's recommendation that the Public Utilities Commission should order that the replacement follow the existing route sets up further disputes , however , because the existing line crosses two Ojibwe reservations where tribal governments have made it clear that they wo n't consent and want the old line removed altogether .
O'Reilly wrote that Enbridge has established that the project is needed , but that the negative consequences to Minnesota of the company 's more southerly preferred route outweigh the benefits . The cost-benefit analysis shifts in favor of approving the project if Enbridge builds the pipeline in Line 3 's existing trench , they said .
The judge noted that Enbridge 's easements with the federal government that allow the company to run six pipelines through the two reservations , including Line 3 , expire in 2029 , and the commission ca n't require the tribes to consent to replacing Line 3 within their reservations . But they said commission approval of in-trench replacement would likely encourage Enbridge and the tribes to `` accelerate discussions that must inevitably occur prior to 2029 '' anyway .
The commission is expected to make its final decision in June . ? O'Reilly 's recommendations are n't binding on the commission , but they 're the product of an extensive public hearing and comment process and voluminous filings , so they 'll be hard for the commissioners to disregard . Commission Chair Nancy Lange acknowledged at a hearing last month that whatever the commission decides , the dispute is likely to end up in court .
Enbridge said the project is necessary to ensure the reliable delivery of crude to Midwestern refineries . ?
`` Enbridge is pleased that the Administrative Law Judge has listened to the extensive evidence that there 's need for this safety-driven maintenance project , '' the company said in a statement . `` We will be taking time to review in more detail the recommendation that we use the existing right-of-way , and will have additional comments to follow . ''
Environmental and tribal groups — including the Sierra Club , Greenpeace USA and Honor the Earth — said there 's no good reason to allow Enbridge to build the project , regardless of what route it takes .
If the project is approved , some opponents have threatened a repeat of the protests in North Dakota near the Standing Rock reservation that delayed work for months on the Dakota Access pipeline , in which Enbridge owns a stake . Similar concerns over the role of tar sands oil in climate change , and indigenous rights , have fueled opposition to Kinder Morgan 's proposal to expand its Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to an export terminal in British Columbia .
Calgary , Alberta-based Enbridge says the existing line , which was built in the 1960s , is subject to corrosion and cracking and can run at only half its original capacity because of its accelerating maintenance needs . The Jobs for Minnesotans coalition of business , labor and community leaders backs the project , saying it will create 8,600 well-paying jobs with a total economic impact on the state of $ 2 billion .
Line 3 carries crude oil 1,097 miles ( 1,765 kilometers ) from Hardisty , Alberta , through North Dakota and Minnesota to Enbridge 's terminal in Superior , Wisconsin . Enbridge says the replacement would restore its original capacity of 760,000 barrels per day . Enbridge wants to shift much of the last half of the current 282-mile ( 454 kilometer ) route in Minnesota into a more southerly , 337-mile ( 542 kilometer ) corridor to Superior . Enbridge estimates the overall cost at $ 7.5 billion , including $ 2.6 billion for the Minnesota segment .
Enbridge has already begun work in Canada and Wisconsin . Construction sites near Superior have been the scene of protests and several arrests .
`` We urge the PUC to listen to the voices of thousands of Minnesotans who have marched , submitted public comment , and testified against Line 3 and reject this dangerous pipeline once and for all , '' Margaret Levin , director of the Sierra Club 's Minnesota chapter , said in a statement .
Tara Houska , national campaigns director of Honor the Earth , said the tribes have made it `` crystal clear '' that a new line is not acceptable to them .
`` Tar sands pipelines carry too much environmental and economic risk to move forward , especially since all these pipelines cross Indigenous lands , '' Rachel Rye Butler , tar sands campaigner for Greenpeace USA , said in a statement .
1:44 TRAILER : Rogue One : A Star Wars Story Pause
2:36 Lazarus the Cat 's Mysterious Long Distance Adventure
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
0:56 Baby needs a new home
2:03 First Look at World War II Shipwrecks Off NC Coast
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher has died at age 60
5:48 Dave Barry 's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics , Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
Donald Trump 's tall tales about the '21 ' Club Marshall Cogan , who owned ‘ 21 ' from 1985 to 1995 , said , “ I have no idea what was in their head . I never have . ”
Trump compares Afghan war to remodeling of 21 Club President Trump reportedly compared the war in Afghanistan to the renovation of Manhattan 's upscale 21 Clubs during a meeting with their military advisers . Trump was discussing a war strategy for ...
Trump 's victory lifts city hot spots after publicized visits The election of Donald Trump has some obvious winners and losers in the city . While Trump Tower security continues to disrupt business for Tiffany 's and others , our sources say the ...
Trump feasted on well-done burger after ditching the press The president-elect refused a private room and ate at the most prominent table in the joint with their family , a party of nine .
Where Jimmy Fallon keeps their Jagermeister -- and other restaurant secrets Just before Christmas , Page Six reported that Bill and Hillary Clinton were at ‘ 21 ' toasting the news of daughter Chelsea 's pregnancy , when Bubba asked the staff to dig up something ...
Clintons toast Chelsea 's pregnancy with some very old bubbly Bill Clinton asked the maître d ' at ‘ 21 ' to unearth a bottle of Cristal the couple left there to chill in 1997 .
American Pharoah is now permanently hitched to the '21 ' Club On a 94-degree day this July , a heist appeared to happen in broad daylight on West 52nd Street . One by one , 36 colorful iron lawn jockeys were yanked from their ...
Naas gardai are investigating two burglaries on the outskirts of the town .
A house at Two Mile House was burgled on April 15 between 1.45pm and 2pm . Two windows and a door were smashed at the back of the swelling during the incident . A number of items were stolen including cash .
Earlier ( between 12.34-12.45 ) , also on April 15 , a house at Rathmore West , Eadestown was broken into and a rock was used to break a back window . Four males were seen in the vicinity around that time .
Margi Coats says their twin boys received the same diagnosis . But only one brother is getting better . Screenshot from Facebook
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Shopkeeper fights off armed robbers with chilli powder
A shop whose assistant fended off three armed robbers by throwing chilli powder kept a box of the spice under the till after a previous theft .
The thieves , armed with a knife and two handguns , entered Baba Food City in Runfold Avenue , Luton , on Saturday .
A shop assistant , who does not want to be identified , grabbed the box and threw the powder in the direction of two robbers , who made off empty-handed .
Their actions have since been hailed as `` very brave '' by their cousin .
They added : `` It all happened very quickly . I think the chilli powder hit two of them . They did n't get away with anything . ''
Image caption Ganesh Kumar has owned the shop in Luton for about a year
The shop 's owner , Ganesh Kumar , has had the shop in the Bedfordshire town for about a year , but was not present during the attempted raid , at about 22:00 BST .
They said their children have told them to sell-up as they feel it is too dangerous .
As a result of a previous theft , where three men got away with £400 , Mr Kumar and their wife decided to keep chilli powder under the till for self defence .
Mr Kumar said : `` It 's a headache because I 'm always thinking , 'is it going to happen again ? ' . My wife is scared and my children say it 's dangerous . ''
Bedfordshire Police has appealed for information and said two of the suspects were wearing black trousers and black hooded tops , and the other was wearing black trousers and a grey hooded top .
Fugitive Catalan leader urges forming independence coalition Fugitive Catalan separatist leader Carles Puigdemont urged their supporters Saturday to form a coalition and fight for independence from Spain in an upcoming regional election . “ It 's the moment for all ...
Exiled Catalan leader trying to avoid extradition in Belgium BRUSSELS — Ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont was a wanted man after Spain issued a European warrant for their arrest — and the main question Saturday was how long he ...
Problem at sex doll brothel : The johns are getting too weird This Barcelona brothel replaced women with busty sex dolls to allow clients to act out their “ wildest fantasies ” — things they would never try with a real person . Lumidolls , which ...
Alleged 'Pull a Pig ' prankster claims he 's the real victim The Dutchman accused of pulling a sick “ Pull a Pig ” prank on a British girl says he 's the real victim because he 's now being “ threatened and demonized ” for something he ...
Barcelona on lockdown as Catalan leaders mull call for independence BARCELONA , Spain — Catalonia 's regional leader was addressing parliament Tuesday in a highly anticipated session that could spell the birth of a new republic , marking a critical point in a ...
Sex doll brothel owner says visitors have disturbing requests The world 's first sex doll brothel has been bombarded with sick requests from perverts who want to act out rape fantasies and even paedophile abuse . Owner Sergi Prieto boasts he ...
Woman lured abroad by former fling in sick 'Pull a Pig ' prank A woman was left in tears after flying abroad to be reunited with their holiday lover — to be told they had been playing a cruel “ Pull a Pig ” game ....
Suspect arrested in connection to Barcelona terror attack MADRID — A man was arrested Friday for alleged links to the extremist cell in last month 's attacks in Barcelona and a nearby town that killed 16 people , Spain 's Interior ...
Barcelona terrorists visited convenience store before attack Three jihadists who were shot dead in a resort town after last week 's attack in Barcelona were caught on video nonchalantly shopping at a convenience store on the day of ...
This is the best movie dad ever Dapper , witty , lively , eccentric and sagacious , Bill Nighy makes for the perfect movie dad in “ About Time , ” the unjustly neglected 2013 film that , in the trappings of a high-concept romcom , ...
Harvey Weinstein 's 'Finding Neverland ' comes up empty at Tony noms The Tony nominators gave Harvey Weinstein the hook , the Captain Hook ! Weinstein 's $ 20 million Peter Pan musical “ Finding Neverland ” — their first foray onto Broadway — failed to receive a ...
Carey Mulligan and Bill Nighy are a mismatched couple in ‘ Skylight ' Watching a couple duke it out works only if you also understand what drew them to each other in the first place . But in the new Broadway revival of David ...
Helen Mirren reigns over the Broadway box office Larry David is king of the Broadway box office this season in “ Fish in the Dark. ” The show opened with $ 14 million in the bank , and the limited run at ...
Richard Gere checks into condemnable ‘ Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel ' Second best by a distressingly large margin , “ The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel ” is a pointless sequel to an overlong but charming little comedy that was never designed to launch ...
A Democratic candidate for mayor in New Orleans allegedly masturbated during an Uber ride in California earlier this year , authorities said .
A female driver allegedly caught Frank Scurlock , who has campaigned calling for a “ safer ” New Orleans , pleasuring themselves on a trip to a West Hollywood hotel on Feb. 10 , Santa Monica Chief Deputy City Attorney Terry White told The Advocate .
Charges in connection to the incident were n't filed until Aug. 31 because of questions regarding jurisdiction in the case , White said .
Scurlock — known locally for their slogan to “ Make New Orleans Fun Again ” – is scheduled to be arraigned in Los Angeles Criminal Court on Oct. 16 , two days after the mayoral primary in New Orleans .
The female Uber driver reported to police that they were transporting Scurlock on a highway near Santa Monica when they heard noises coming from the back seat . The driver then stopped the car and opened the passenger car door where Scurlock was sitting and found them with their erect penis in their hand , White said .
The driver then went to a nearby gas station to call police and Scurlock allegedly fled the scene , White said , referencing the woman 's statement to police and prosecutors . The woman then took investigators back to the hotel where they initially picked Scurlock up , The Times-Picayune reports .
“ They went back to the hotel and were able to get a name , ” White told the newspaper . “ Based on the name , they got a picture and put it in a photo lineup , and the driver identified him . ”
If found guilty of a misdemeanor charge of lewd conduct , Scurlock would need to register as a sex offender in California . It 's unclear if they would also need to register as a sex offender in Louisiana if convicted , according to The Advocate .
“ The allegations brought against me are without merit , ” Scurlock said in a statement obtained by WDSU . “ It has been many months since this alleged incident occurred . I await my day in court and expect to be vindicated . ”
Scurlock was also arrested in May at the Jefferson Davis statue in New Orleans , where they allegedly approached an officer at a protest by opponents of a plan to remove the statue .
Scurlock told The Advocate after their arrest that they opposed the monument being removed because it could start a “ Civil War II. ” They were initially charged with obstructing a public passage , but the charge was later changed to assault before a judge dismissed the case altogether , The Times-Picayune reports .
Scurlock , a native of New Orleans , is the son of John Scurlock , who founded Space Walk Inc. , a bouncy house manufacturing company , in 1958 , according to a biography on their campaign website .
“ Frank and their family have grown Space Walk Inc. into a multi-million-dollar company that operates in 200 communities across the country , ” the website reads . “ Frank built Spacewalk into America 's leader in inflatable fun . Spacewalk is in its third generation of family leadership under their son Mials Scurlock . ”
In a statement to The Post , Scurlock 's son , Mials , said their father divorced from their mother , Patricia Murphy , in 2013 . Murphy at that point bought Scurlock out of the family business , they said .
“ My mother solely owns the trademark , ” the statement read . “ Further , they are the 100 % shareholder . ”
Scurlock has been estranged from their family since 2013 , according to the statement provided by their son , Mials .
Scurlock was formerly registered as a Republican , but has since registered as a Democrat , The Times-Picayune reported in July after their May arrest .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Liverpool winger Harry Wilson , who returned to Anfield this week for pre-season training , believes that the Reds can go one better next season in the Champions League .
Wilson had a wonderful second half of last season with Hull City on loan from Liverpool and scored seven goals in 14 games for the Tigers . They are now more experienced and mature as a player and is raring to go for Jurgen Klopp next season .
The 21-year-old stated that they are a big Liverpool fan and closely followed their European campaign last season , trying to watch every game they could .
Though Liverpool lost 3-1 in the Champions League final against Real Madrid in Kyiv , Wilson believes that their journey portrays the quality of the players and feels that the team have the ability to go one better next time .
Wilson told the club 's official website : “ As a Liverpool fan , although I was n't involved in the team I was watching every game I could .
“ To see them do so well in the Champions League , it was n't to be at the end , but to get that far shows what a great bunch of lads we 've got here .
`` With the new signings and that belief , hopefully next season we can go one step further . ”
All eyes will be on whether Wilson stays at Liverpool this summer , with several clubs already eyeing loan swoops .
Great Britain 's Eilidh Doyle and Martyn Rooney defend the team 's tally of six medals at the World Athletics Championships in London .
READ MORE : World Championships 2017 : Medal table , GB medallists and all medal winners
WATCH MORE : World Championships 2017 : Great Britain win relay silver & bronze
WATCH MORE : GB win gold as Bolt pulls up in 4x100m relay
Abortion policy has been a hot topic in state legislative sessions that began or resumed last month . A look at some of the actions :
— California : The Senate voted for a bill that would make California the first state to require public universities to offer medication abortion , a service that is rare on college campuses .
— Georgia : A committee approved a bill that would require underage girls to justify why they should be allowed to avoid notifying a parent or guardian if they want an abortion .
— Idaho : A Senate panel introduced legislation requiring the state to provide information to women saying medication-induced abortions can be halted after taking just one of two pills .
— Indiana : The Indiana Senate approved a bill that would require medical providers to report additional information about patients who seek treatment for an abortion complication .
— Iowa : A group of Republican House members proposed legislation that would ban abortion once a fetal heartbeat is detected , which is as early as six weeks .
— Mississippi : The House has voted to advance legislation that would make Mississippi the only state to ban all abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy . The bill now goes to the Senate .
— Missouri : Lawmakers are considering several bills to restrict access to abortion , including one that would ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy .
— Ohio : The Senate has approved a bill that would require Ohio abortion clinics to either bury or cremate fetal remains . The House is expected to consider that measure , along with another already approved in the Senate that would ban the most commonly used procedure to terminate abortions after 13 weeks of pregnancy .
— South Carolina : State senators voted to delay a bill that would likely ban all abortions , saying they need time to consider possible exceptions to the law .
— Tennessee : A lawmaker has proposed banning any Medicaid funding going to abortion providers , such as Planned Parenthood , for non-abortion services . A legislative committee has declined to endorse a plan that would ban all abortions once a fetal heartbeat is detected , amending it to remove that language .
— Utah : Lawmakers are considering bills that would penalize doctors who do not show an informational video to women seeking an abortion , and another that would bar doctors from performing abortions sought because the fetus has Down syndrome .
— Washington : The Senate passed a measure that would require insurers in the state to offer maternity care that also covers elective abortions and contraception .
———
Source : AP research
If your kids think electric scooters and autonomous cars are as cool as transportation gets , take them to San Mateo County this weekend for a look at some real marvels :
— On Saturday , April 28 , Redwood City 's 13th annual Maritime Day and STEAM Fest will invite kids to check out the Charles Parsons Ships of the World exhibit of 24 hand-crafted models , then design their own models ( and lighthouses ) with wood , corks and paper . Outside in Courthouse Square , hands-on-activities , workshops and other festivities are planned .
Details : 11 a.m.-4 p.m. ; 2200 Broadway , Redwood City ; free admission ; www.historysmc.org .
— On Sunday , April 29 , you can get up-close looks at more than 2,000 fantastic flying machines and vintage autos when the annual Pacific Coast Dream Machines show takes over the Half Moon Bay Airport . Among the highlights will be vintage warbird flyovers at 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. , skydiving performances and — in a tribute to show founder Bob Senz — a synchronized firing up of all the engines of all the machines on display at 10 a.m. , noon and 2 p.m .
Details : 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. ; Half Moon Bay Airport ; 9850 N. Cabrillo Highway ; $ 15- $ 30 , with kids 10 and under free with paying adult ; www.dreammachines.miramarevents.com .
Erbey 's subprime empire beginning to crumble Bill Erbey 's subprime empire is crumbling fast . Two of the former mortgage servicing scion 's companies are working on changing the terms of a deal that 's been called “ exorbitant , ” as investors ...
Bill Erbey 's losses become Wes Edens ' gain Wes Edens is coming after Bill Erbey . Two of Edens ' companies announced on Monday separate acquisitions of two former Erbey holdings — one of Ocwen Financial 's mortgage rights portfolio and ...
Erbey 's Ocwen sells $ 9.8B in mortgage rights to Edens ' Nationstar Bill Erbey 's pain is Wes Edens ' gain . Erbey 's Ocwen Financial agreed on Monday to sell a $ 9.8 billion collection of mortgage servicing rights to Freddie Mac-owned houses to Edens ' Nationstar ...
Beleaguered Ocwen fights back against debt default charges Ocwen Financial is n't taking it anymore . The beleaguered mortgage servicer , which saw its founding Chairman Bill Erbey resign earlier this month amid a bevy of regulatory probes , is pushing back ...
Corporate creditors want Bill Erbey to pay their $ 925M debt Mortgage-service mogul Bill Erbey made millions of dollars over their career collecting mortgage debt — but now their corporate creditors are calling for them to pay up . Hedge fund BlueMountain ...
Outgoing Bill Erbey not worried Ocwen 's California battle Outgoing subprime mortgage scion Bill Erbey is playing chicken with California . The CEO of an Erbey-chaired company has pooh-poohed the Golden State 's business regulator 's threat to pull Ocwen Financial 's license ...
Beleaguered Bill Erbey exiting Ocwen Financial after 27 years Bill Erbey is walking toward the exit . The chairperson of Ocwen Financial , the beleaguered mortgage servicing company , is expected to step down from their position Friday after more than 27 ...
Moody 's downgrade the latest obstacle for troubled Ocwen Bill Erbey 's last week atop Ocwen Financial is n't turning out to be their best . The embattled mortgage servicer , the largest non-bank home loan servicer in the US , fell 10 percent ...
Ocwen in legal battle with California to keep its license Ocwen Financial , the largest non-bank mortgage servicer , found itself locked in a war of words with a California regulator on Friday as it battled to keep its license to do ...
The park in the middle of Poplar Street between First and Second Street could be getting a renovation , bigger and a new name , Poplar Street Commons . This is a quick look at it now .
Peru defeats Scotland 2-0 in friendly ahead of Russia 2018
Lima , May 29 ( EFE ) .- Peru Tuesday defeated Scotland 2-0 in a friendly match ahead of the 2018 Russian World Cup stretching its undefeated streak to 13 games .
In the Estadio Nacional in Lima crammed with about 45,000 football fans , Peru demonstrated rhythm and strength against a disciplined but inferior Scotland , with goals from Christian Cueva and Jefferson Farfan .
The team coached by Ricardo Gareca was formidable enough despite the absence of captain and striker , Paolo Guerrero , and was armed with good offensive strategy .
The Peruvians had their first chance to score a goal at 5 minutes , with a free kick by Cueva that was sent to the corner by Scottish goalkeeper Jordan Archer .
From that moment on , it was 20 minutes of absolute dominance by the home team who waited for the right moment to break through the rigid defensive scheme of the Scots .
By the 25th minute , the Peruvians retreated a few meters and chose to make some long passes to Farfan , which , however , did not result in much except for a weak shot from the forward that reached the hands of Archer .
When Scotland had loosened up a bit and made some timid offensive attempts , Peru responded in depth with Farfan anticipating Archer , but their goal-shot was blocked with an arm by Scott McKenna leading to a penalty .
Cueva finally scored a penalty shot at 37 minutes thereby opening the scoreboard in favor of the Peruvians and amid the excitement of fans .
In the beginning of the second half , Farfan received two passes from Yoshimar Yotun and scored Peru 's second goal at 47 minutes despite Archer 's effort to block it .
Peru will depart Wednesday for Europe where they will end their training and play the friendly against Saudi Arabia and Sweden , before arriving in Russia , marking its historic return to the World Cup after 36 years .
MOSCOW ( AP ) — FIFA 's patience with Diego Maradona 's World Cup antics finally ran out on Wednesday .
Soccer 's world body said it `` strongly rebukes '' comments by the Argentina great criticizing American referee Mark Geiger 's handling of England 's win against Colombia in the World Cup round of 16 .
It was yet another controversial moment involving Maradona —an official FIFA ambassador and figurehead of its `` Legends '' program celebrating former players — at a World Cup they have mostly attended as a VIP guest of FIFA .
FIFA hit back at Maradona for telling Venezuelan broadcaster Telesur the outcome of Tuesday 's game in Moscow was a `` monumental theft . ''
Maradona had been photographed before the game wearing a yellow Colombia jersey .
England advanced to the quarterfinals in a penalty shootout after a 1-1 draw in a feisty game slowed by stoppages and players arguing with Geiger , a former high school teacher from New Jersey .
FIFA said Maradona 's `` insinuations '' were `` entirely inappropriate and completely unfounded . ''
`` FIFA is extremely sorry to read such declarations from a player who has written the history of our game , '' it said in a statement .
FIFA had tolerated previous incidents by Maradona at games in Russia , which the 1986 World Cup winning captain was left to explain on their Facebook page .
They apologized for making an offensive gesture toward a South Korean fan at Argentina 's opening 1-1 draw with Iceland in Moscow . They then suggested media were trying to make headlines from an innocent incident and also broke World Cup stadium rules by smoking a cigar .
Maradona was filmed on FIFA 's official television broadcast aggressively raising their middle fingers after Argentina scored a late winning goal against Nigeria in St. Petersburg .
They were also seen on footage circulated on social media seeming to be unwell and assisted from their seat into a private dining area .
FIFA has had a turbulent relationship with Maradona in their career as a player and coach .
They tested positive for a cocktail of banned substances at the 1994 World Cup in the United States and was sent home from the tournament .
As Argentina 's coach in 2009 , a FIFA suspension for a tirade aimed at reporters after a World Cup qualifying game barred Maradona from attending the 2010 finals draw in Cape Town , South Africa .
Maradona was an outspoken critic of previous FIFA president Sepp Blatter , but was brought back into the fold when Gianni Infantino was elected in 2016 .
They came to the Kremlin in Moscow last December wearing a gold bow tie to take part in the 2018 draw .
VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis has insisted that indigenous peoples must give prior consent for any economic activity on their ancestral lands — an indirect critique as the Donald Trump administration seeks to advance construction on a $ 3.8 billion oil pipeline over opposition from American Indians .
Francis met Wednesday with representatives of indigenous peoples attending a U.N. agricultural meeting in Rome . They said the key issue facing them is how to reconcile the right to development with protection of their cultures and territories .
They said “ the right to prior and informed consent ” should always prevail especially “ when planning economic activities which may interfere with indigenous cultures and their ancestral relationship to the Earth . ”
The Cheyenne River and Standing Rock Sioux tribes are suing to stop the Dakota Access project .
SYRACUSE , N.Y. — Call Virginia 's Pack-Line defence impenetrable . You 'll get no argument from Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim .
De'Andre Hunter scored 15 points , Kyle Guy added 14 and the 2nd-ranked Cavaliers smothered struggling Syracuse 59-44 on Saturday . The 44 points were the Orange 's fewest since the Carrier Dome opened in 1980 , another feather in the cap for the best defence in the nation .
“ The guys are playing at a high level , for sure , ” Virginia coach Tony Bennett said . “ They understand how they have to play . It 's nice when you have guys in there making the right plays . We were sliding in and out . I like what our guys are doing . ”
Syracuse had to search for open shots on nearly every possession and found virtually nothing , often having to rush shots as the shot clock moved toward zero . Syracuse finished 17 of 51 ( 33 per cent ) and 4 of 21 ( 19 per cent ) from beyond the arc .
“ We rely on our two guards to score and make plays and when they do n't , we have a problem offensively , ” Boeheim said . “ And that 's the bottom line the last three games . We 've had trouble scoring . ”
The Orange needed big games from their top three scorers — Tyus Battle , Frank Howard , and Oshae Brissett — and they did n't deliver . Battle finished with 15 points on 6-of-17 shooting , Howard was 4 of 17 for 11 points and Brissett had nine points . Freshman forward Marek Dolezaj was the only other player to score for the Orange , also netting nine points .
“ It makes us feel good , ” Hunter said . “ Those three guys can really score . They kind of lean on them a lot . We knew coming in we had to stop those three , and if we did we 'd be in good shape . ”
Virginia ( 22-1 , 11-0 Atlantic Coast Conference ) has won 14 straight and is off to its best start in conference play since the days of Ralph Sampson , who led the 1980-81 team to a 12-0 start .
Syracuse ( 15-8 , 4-6 ) , in desperate need of a signature victory , was coming off a four-point loss at Georgia Tech in which it shot 30 per cent ( 15 of 50 ) , and the offensive futility continued against the nation 's best scoring defence .
“ The reason we shot poorly was because of their defence , ” Boeheim said . “ Virginia has a lot to do with people shooting poorly . ”
Syracuse entered the game ranked fourth in the nation in field-goal percentage defence ( 37.7 per cent ) , just behind Virginia , but the Cavaliers exhibited their usual patience on offence and hit 12 of 24 shots in a solid first half to take a 10-point lead at the break .
The game was a methodical , slow-paced slog . The Cavaliers , who never trailed , found room early inside the Orange 's 2-3 zone and hit three jumpers from the foul line in the opening 15 minutes , then built their biggest lead of the period with help from the long ball during an 11-0 run late .
Ty Jerome hit two 3s and Hunter had the other , and Jerome 's second was a beauty of teamwork . Instead of going up for a putback after a strong rebound under the basket , Isaiah Wilkins zipped a pass to the right corner to a wide-open Jerome , and they swished it .
Syracuse managed just one basket in the final seven minutes , a 3 by Battle with just under a minute left .
There was no second-half rally . After Howard 's dunk off a steal moved Syracuse within 36-27 early in the second , Mamadi Diakite hit a fall-away jumper along the baseline at the shot-clock buzzer after nearly losing the ball out of bounds and Guy followed with a long fall-away 3-pointer from the right wing for a 41-27 lead with 13:23 left .
The Cavaliers put the game away with a 12-0 run midway through the period and finished 23 of 47 shooting ( 48.9 per cent ) .
Diakite matched their season high with 12 points .
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Cavaliers are on a serious roll and are poised to take over the top spot if Villanova stumbles .
INVISIBLE MAN
Syracuse centre Paschal Chukwu was a factor in the first game between the teams , notching a career-high 16 rebounds and scoring nine points in 35 minutes . The 7-foot-2 Chukwu had zero points and three rebounds in 26 minutes Saturday .
“ I do n't know what it is , ” a frustrated Boeheim said .
BIG PICTURE
Virginia : Virginia has separated itself from the rest of the conference . No other team in the ACC has fewer than three losses .
Syracuse : The Orange have three more chances to notch a signature victory to bolster their resume for NCAA Tournament consideration , with regular-season games still on the schedule against No . 4 Duke , No . 19 North Carolina and No . 20 Clemson .
UP NEXT
Virginia : Plays at Florida State on Wednesday night .
Syracuse : Travels to Louisville on Monday night .
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
“ I have two Bentleys , ” they said , and could n't recall which she 'd driven that night to BrickTop .
Got $ 4.5 million to spare for this Montauk beach shack ? The eager seller of 24 Big Reed Paths — a legal eagle who wants to remain anonymous — has knocked ...
The best thing about driverless cars is the fact that everyone will have the opportunity to experience what it feels like to be a baller getting chauffeured around town . While ...
WASHINGTON - Accused Russian hacker Peter Levashov has been extradited from Spain and will be arraigned later on Friday in the United States , the US Justice Department said in a statement .
US prosecutors have accused Levashov of running the Kelihos botnet , a network of more than 100,000 infected devices used by cyber criminals to distribute viruses , ransomware , phishing emails and other spam attacks .
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
A lawyer for a paraplegic murderer is suing the NYPD for records of how the department treats disabled prisoners after the city went back on a $ 45,000 settlement of a suit claiming cops locked the killer in a cell without their wheelchair .
Amy Jane Agnew , attorney for Wayne Stewart , 38 , sued the NYPD last week , seeking all complaints made by wheelchair-bound suspects against the police . Agnew says they believe cops routinely violate disabled prisoners ' civil rights .
Stewart , who is now serving 33 years to life for murder , claimed in their Manhattan federal suit that they got sepsis after cops laid them face-down on the floor of a cell at the 25th Precinct station house in July 2014 .
A city Law Department spokesperson said the settlement was withdrawn because Stewart refused to drop a second personal-injury suit over the same incident .
Over five seasons of “ Girls , ” Jessa Johansson has gotten a bad rap .
They subject their friends to a manic episode-turned-surprise wedding , dates their exes , and is perpetually unemployed . Them hair is too perfect . You hate them for being that obnoxious , free-spirited friend of yours who never commits to anything — until you realize she 's a walking parody of that friend . She 's awful , and that 's the point .
Played by the effervescent Jemima Kirke , Jessa is the cringe-inducing bohemian who perhaps best exemplifies the understated humor of the HBO coming-of-age series , created by and starring Lena Dunham . Critics are often too preoccupied hate-watching the show to realize its saving grace is not protagonist Hannah Horvath , but their estranged best friend .
Jessa is hard to watch , sure . But as “ Girls ” premieres its sixth and final season on Sunday , here are six reasons why we 'll miss them
1 . Them satire of lazy millennials is spot-on
The stereotype of the coddled , jobless millennial is so overdone and problematic that it was just begging for some good Jessa treatment . That they provide with lines like : “ You wan na know what the weirdest part about being an adult is ? You have to be there , every day , even on the days you do n't feel like it . ”
2 . They have redefined time itself
When they show up two hours late to a dinner party thrown for her , as Marnie ( Allison Williams ) haughtily points out , their response is golden : “ I thought that was just a suggestion. ” Is n't it , though ?
3 . They make that feminist ‘ debate ' look ridiculous
If there 's any show that has gotten more heat for how it portrays women and whether that portrayal is really “ feminist , ” it 's “ Girls. ” And while body-positive Dunham has taken the lion 's share of the criticism for Hannah 's nude scenes alone , Jessa deserves some credit , too . When a potential employer asks them what kind of work she 's looking for , Jessa takes an assertive stance , left thigh fully exposed by a slit in their dress , and deadpans , “ Anything that does n't market my sexuality. ” Them brazen delivery is self-aware and comical , challenging us to make that stupid argument that women ca n't show skin and still be taken seriously .
4 . We would n't mind getting insulted by them
Maybe it 's the accent , maybe it 's just because their insults are somehow not that insulting . You just kind of want Jessa to be mean to you , frankly . “ I bet you were born on a dirt floor , ” they tell a couple of crusty punks in Season 1 . They ask what that 's supposed to mean , and they respond , “ It means I do n't think you 're cool and I think your mother was poor. ” They do n't go on dates because dates are “ for lesbians. ” Jessa 's refreshing forthrightness almost serves to break the fourth wall on the show : They call out to their audience with a tone that 's both ridiculous and true , like when they describe the befuddlingly handsome Adam ( Adam Driver ) as looking as “ the original man. ” More mean Jessa , please .
5 . They play out your evil impulses
In the highly underrated fifth season of “ Girls , ” Jessa strikes up a relationship with Hannah 's ex-boyfriend Adam , breaking the No . 1 rule in the best-friend book . They know this , but it 's almost like she 's trying that rule on to see why it 's a rule to begin with . For her , it 's probably because they and Hannah have outgrown their friendship . For the rest of us , it 's a good reminder of why we have rules .
6 . They crush the ‘ manic pixie dream girl ' trope
Jessa will begin the final season of “ Girls ” as a generally unliked character . Them friends have grown tired of their antics , and their own guilty conscious and anger is weighing on them It 's good to know that a character like Jessa will probably not prevail in the show , as in life . Whimsy is too often rewarded in the fictional world . It 's annoying . And so is she , bless them heart .
A Utah dad is receiving online praise for their “ Billy Madison ” -like reaction to hearing about their daughter 's bathroom accident at school . On Friday , Ben Sowards showed up to collect their 6-year-old crying daughter with their own pants wet , Fox 13 News reported .
They told the news outlet that they were heartbroken after hearing about their daughter Valerie 's embarrassment , and splashed some water on their pants before leaving the house . They reportedly arrived at the school 's front office and asked Valerie if they could borrow their backpack to cover up their own “ accident . ”
Valerie 's older sister , Lucinda , was on hand to capture the moment and shared it on Twitter , where it quickly went viral . Lucinda , the oldest of the family 's 11 children , told Fox 13 that the Sowards are adopting four of their foster children on Monday and are passionate advocates for foster care .
They told Buzzfeed News that when they once fell ice-skating , Soward FaceTimed them with a painted-on black eye to match hers .
As of Monday afternoon , Lucinda 's original tweet about Soward 's pants-wetting has been retweeted more than 62,000 times and has garnered more than 253,000 likes .
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) – The family of a 2-year-old boy who they say is brain dead is asking the public to watch for signs of child abuse .
This comes after Brayden Ferguson was taken to the hospital , Monday , in critical condition .
The family told 2 NEWS around 7:30 p.m. Ferguson died .
When asked about the suspect in custody , Brayden 's grandmother told 2 NEWS this is not the first time the suspect has assaulted them grandson .
“ The doctor is telling me that he 's not going to survive this and that they are pretty much gone . They did n't survive it this time , ” said Victoria Bittner , Brayden 's grandmother .
Bittner believes this was not the first time their grandson was assaulted by the suspect .
“ Back in November of 2015 , Brayden was injured and hospitalized at Children 's in Dayton , ” said Bittner .
When asked , Dayton Police would not comment on the investigation , saying only that a suspect has been taken into custody . Brayden 's grandmother says the suspect appears to have turned themselves in .
“ I have known the detectives went back looking , they ( the suspect ) had then left the home in North Lake Hills and they were not found . I was told that they turned themselves in this morning , ” said Bittner .
As Brayden 's family mourns , they ask that people who suspect child abuse take action , no matter how difficult .
“ Find somebody , call somebody and get your kid away from it . It 's not worth it . You will regret it later and your heart will not be able to handle it , ” said Bittner .
2 NEWS will continue to follow the investigation and provide updates as they become available .
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news , weather and sports . To get alerts for breaking news , grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android . You can also sign up for email alerts here .
Do n't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Fifty-four-year-old actor Brigitte Nielsen is pregnant with their fifth child .
The “ Red Sonja ” and “ Rocky IV ” actor made the pregnancy public by posting a couple of photos of themselves cradling a prominent baby bump on Instagram .
“ ( F ) amily getting larger , ” Nielsen captioned one photo , along with the hashtag # babybump .
In the other one , they said “ happy time ” and “ positive vibes . ”
Nielsen did n't reveal how far along they are , but the Daily Mail speculated from the Instagram posts that she 's at at least eight months .
The publication also said Nielsen had been seen lunching in West Hollywood the last few months and did a good job of concealing the pregnancy .
The baby will be their first with fifth husband Mattia Dessi , 39 , the Italian TV producer whom they married in 2006 . Nielsen has four sons ranging in age from 34 to 23 from previous marriages .
Image copyright Cathier Garer/John S Turner.Sue Adair/Geograph Image caption Kirby , St Helens and Southport are among the towns that could benefit
A new £5m fund to revitalise town centres in the Liverpool City Region has between announced .
Metropolitan mayor Steve Rotheram said they would allocate £1m to each of the combined authority 's five councils .
They said high streets face `` new challenges '' with `` new technologies and changing customer habits '' and must change in order to survive ,
The money could be used to support independent businesses , restore shop fronts and public spaces .
Mr Rotheram said the money would be delivered via a new City Region Town Centre Commission , which would release the `` untapped potential '' of towns across the region .
Towns which could benefit include Birkenhead , Southport , St Helens , Runcorn , Widnes , Kirkby , Prescot and Bootle .
Analysis : Claire Hamilton , Merseyside Political Reporter
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Steve Rotheram Town Centre Commission will aim to promote economic growth
From Runcorn to Bootle , each of the city region 's boroughs has at least one town centre which is struggling .
With retail giants like Marks and Spencer and House of Fraser soon departing , Birkenhead would surely have a claim to some of this cash .
Wirral Council and local Mp Frank Field have an action plan to get the town back on it 's feet , but that would require millions rather than the thousands of pounds worth of investment this pot can provide .
Retailers in Southport recently told me after hours entertainment , free parking and lower rents would give them a boost - not all things the mayor 's fund can help with .
But the money could be used to support independent businesses , restore unique shop fronts and give public spaces some much-needed sparkle
While Liverpool was `` the economic engine of the region '' , Mr Rotheram said politicians `` must also ensure that every part of our region thrives . ''
They added : `` This is a clear signal that I will ensure that the benefits of devolution really are passed on to every part of our city region . ''
The new commission will work closely with the combined authority to agree which towns to fund .
Nebraska has a progressive state income tax , making the state 's average effective property tax rate the highest in the region and 6th highest in the country . In addition to the state sales tax , many cities collect an additional rate . SmartAsset.com finds Blaine County in north-central Nebraska has the lowest overall tax rate in the state . People there pay just over $ 700 in property taxes and nearly $ 300 in fuel tax . Compare that to Lancaster County , where the property tax average is almost $ 3,000 and the fuel tax is more than $ 400 . Lancaster County is the 5th highest taxed county in the state . Sarpy County is the highest .
