BOARDMAN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – There 's a house in Boardman that was recently given a special award from the Ohio Home Builders Association .
Located at 111 Washington Blvd. , this familiar house sits on a well-traveled street and is widely recognized by its wrap-around front porch .
The house was recently awarded the Best of Ohio Homes award in the Historical Renovation category . Between $ 250,001- $ 500,000 was spent on renovations .
Built in 1900 , Nancy and Mike Moschella bought the house in 2004 , renovating it inside and out while still keeping as many things original as possible .
They say it used to be in pretty bad shape , but are proud of all the hard work and effort that was put into the 13-year project .
“ All the windows were painted shut , the carpeting was in horrendous shape , all the woodwork that you see here was colored black — must have been from the coal furnace , ” Mike Moschella said .
Demolition was 20 to 30 dumpsters worth .
Then in 2014 , they called home-builder Sam Pitzulo from Sam Pitzulo Homes and Remodeling for help .
“ It was an exciting project to do . It 's a beautiful old home that we had an opportunity to bring back together , ” Pitzulo said .
All the windows , including the glass , are original . Every door was used — many of them made into pocket doors .
“ It just made more sense space-wise , ” Nancy Moschella said .
When something needed to be replaced , they looked for something suitable , something historical . For example , the fireplace .
“ It 's a mantel from Texas — antique mantel , ” Nancy Moschella said .
The kitchen was expanded and has all the modern conveniences . But , the kitchen sink dates back to possibly the 1920s . It is cast iron and took four men to move .
“ We found it online outside of Boston , had it shipped to a guy to refinish it , ” Nancy Moschella said .
The archway over the driveway was added , as was a three-car garage , over which an entertainment room was built .
“ It lends to today 's living , which is what we wanted , ” Nancy Moschella said .
The Moschellas paid $ 150,000 for the house — the renovations cost another $ 400,000 . They know they 'll probably not get that much out of it , but they say they still went on with the project because it 's what they wanted .
The first place award sits on the fireplace mantel .
Men and women in paramilitary uniforms have paraded through the Bogside area of Derry as part of a dissident republican Easter Commemoration .
The colour party of about 30 people , dressed in camouflage gear and wearing berets and sunglasses , and some with their faces partially covered , marched through the area on Monday afternoon .
They carried flags including the Tricolour , the Starry Plough and the flag of the Fianna , as well as flags representing the four provinces of Ireland . Many in watching crowd applauded as they passed .
The march , which was organised by Saoradh , a dissident republican political party that is opposed to power-sharing in the North and which has the support of New IRA prisoners in Maghaberry and Portlaoise jails .
Overall , more than 1,000 people took part in the commemoration , which was attended by dissident republicans from all over Ireland , as well as Scotland .
They marched from the Bogside area to the City Cemetery , where wreaths were laid at the monument in the Republican plot , watched by a discreet police presence .
Dissident republican Paul Duffy told the crowd that Ireland faced “ an unfinished revolution ” .
“ Comrades , we still have unfinished business , ” they said . “ Do not underestimate the importance of social agitation , the power of political campaigning . . . Ireland is still partitioned . ”
They added : “ The failure of capitalism , which has led to economic destruction throughout Ireland , North and South , means that nearly half a million people are out of work . . . The gap between the rich and poor is ever-widening . ”
Mr Duffy said “ now is the time to get down to business ” and to hold those who “ present themselves as the saviours of the people ” to account .
LIMERICK Greyhound Stadium could be set to see an increase to eight dogs in each race .
The launch of the Irish Greyhound Board Strategic Plan 2018 to 2022 confirms that the IGB hope to explore a move from six dogs to eight dogs with Limerick most likely the venue .
“ Currently , as per Irish tradition , Greyhound racing involves six dogs in each race . In other jurisdictions , the number increases to eight greyhounds . The increased numbers mean that more betting options can be introduced and it offers a wider variety of experiences for those wishing to place a bet , ” explains the strategic plan .
“ A change to the current arrangement merits consideration and if feasible , should be trialled at Limerick Greyhound Stadium over the lifetime of this plan , ” states the plan .
Chairman Irish Greyhound Board Phil Meaney , in their Strategic Plan address , said that “ Greyhound racing is as Irish as Hurling or Ceili Dancing and has been part of our culture for more than 200 years . ”
“ The preparation of this strategic plan has allowed us to take stock of where we in the greyhound industry today and plan a way forward . It will result in a renewed interest in the industry , bringing greyhound racing - a unique sport - to many more people . Specifically , it will increase the level of Greyhound ownership , result in a fairer deal for breeders , owners , trainers and patrons to our stadia and continue to provide a social engagement for people just looking for a fun night out , ” stated the chairperson .
“ The plan is built around seven key areas which encompass the entire of the greyhound industry . Implementation of the initiatives outlined in the plan are aimed at restoring viability to the greyhound industry and creating a vibrant future for all those involved or who become involved in the sector . This plan has the issue of animal welfare as a key consideration and a central part of the work of the IGB and the greyhound industry over the plan period , ” outlines Meaney .
They added : “ Implementation of proposals contained in the strategy will support direct and indirect employment in the industry and in support services . ”
Under an Animal Welfare heading , the Strategic Plan suggests exploring and extended lifetime for greyhounds .
“ Historically , there has been a focus on dogs in the 18-48 months categories i.e . the age when Greyhounds typically hit peak speeds . By extending the ‘ racing life ' of dogs to circa 72 months we will ensure that ( a ) fewer dogs are required and ( b ) that the post-racing career of dogs is shorter . To make this happen ( c ) all race cards would have at least one event for ‘ senior ' dogs ( and one event for bitches ) - ensuring that slightly older dogs become a recognised part of the dog racing fraternity . These proposals will be further examined , in conjunction with the industry , and progressed during the lifetime of this Plan . ”
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling throws to a Philadelphia Phillies batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . Jae C. Hong AP Photo
by
I first saw this house on a yet another dreary cold day that made me pine for spring . I loved the house 's bright colors of the yellow lap siding , red metal roof and dark green shutters . The house is a classic Victorian with a front porch , symmetrical windows around a center front door and the front gable with its decorative window .
The front door with side lights opened into the living room with its beautiful wood floor laid on a diagonal and the stair railing open on the living room side to extend the space . The kitchen and dining area were combined and French doors led to a room at the front of the house that the owners use as a master bedroom . A rear addition to the original house could be used as a sunroom or a family room . Another option would be to make the rear addition the master bedroom since the current location is on the street side of the house . That would create an “ L ” shaped open-plan kitchen/dining/family room .
My favorite part of the house was the second floor . The bedrooms were sunny due to their having windows on two sides and the pitched ceilings added architectural interest . The decorative roof gable window was a dormer that opened into the second floor spacious bath for extra sunlight . The bedrooms accessed the deck that spanned most of the second floor length for a “ bird 's eye ” view of the back yard surrounded by mature trees .
For more information about this property , contact Doug Ashley with Doug Ashley Realtors at 410-810-0010 ( o ) , 410-708-0480 ( c ) or doug @ dougashleyrealtors.com , “ Equal Housing Opportunity ” .
The Government has been urged to sanction immediate alternative transport for Luas commuters who can not board trams along the Green Line during rush hour .
Green Party deputy leader Catherine Martin said the withdrawal of longer trams from service last week due to technical issues had compounded the major difficulties faced by commuters on the Green Line since the new cross-city service was launched in December .
Ms Martin called on the National Transport Authority to provide buses to accommodate passengers unable to board trains at Luas stations which face “ crisis situations ” at rush hour .
The NTA has already said the Green Line is operating at capacity at peak times , with crowding on trams between Ballaly and Ranelagh .
An extra eight trams , 12m longer than the regular trams , were ordered to meet the extra capacity , but the first of these trams have now been withdrawn because of battery problems .
The new trams were to have capacity for an additional 1,760 passengers per direction per hour . However , without the trams and with a 24 per cent increase in passenger numbers on the Green Line , Minister for Transport Shane Ross said in the Dáil last month the Luas had become “ a temporary victim of its own success ” .
“ The situation for commuters is going from bad to worse . The latest announcement will aggravate and compound commuters ' frustration , anger and safety concerns . I have been inundated with complaints received from constituents who are exasperated with the current quality and reliability of the Luas service , ” said Ms Martin , a TD for Dublin Rathdown .
Crammed trams
“ At this stage there are also grave safety concerns for commuters both on the platforms and on crammed trams . Accessibility for wheelchair users and parents with buggies is next to impossible .
“ The Minister for Transport has referred to these issues as teething problems , but it is now over three months since the cross-city Luas was launched , and these problems are getting worse day by day . ”
They called on the NTA to commission a contract to provide temporary alternative transport for commuters at the Luas stations that they identify as being at crisis level .
“ Buses should be provided for commuters where trams are consistently delayed or too full until the problems in respect of this service , once celebrated for its reliability and quality , are resolved . ”
GREENVILLE , N.C. ( AP ) – Shawn Williams knocked down six 3-pointers , made 8 of 9 free throws to score a career-high 30 points as East Carolina – the nation 's worst 3-point-shooting team – went off from deep to defeat Memphis 88-85 in overtime on Saturday .
East Carolina ( 9-13 , 3-8 American ) trailed 80-78 early in overtime when Williams nailed consecutive 3-pointers in the span of 43 seconds . The Pirates made 11 of 24 from distance , or 46 percent . ECU was 351st , dead last , among NCAA teams in 3-point shooting this season , making 27 percent ( 108 of 396 ) from distance before Saturday .
Isaac Fleming recorded the first triple-double in program history for ECU with 11 points , 10 rebounds and 11 assists . Kentrell Barkley scored 19 points with 13 rebounds and B.J . Tyson added 14 points .
ECU never trailed after Williams ' back-to-back 3s , but Memphis ( 14-9 , 5-5 ) twice came within a point .
Jeremiah Martin poked the ball away from Williams and raced for a fast-break layup , cutting the gap to 86-85 with 18 seconds left , but Williams was fouled and made both with 15.2 seconds to go .
Jamal Johnson missed a 3 that went out of bounds off ECU , and Martin got off a contested 3-pointer that hit the back of the rim and Fleming wrapped up the game-ending rebound .
Martin scored all eight of Memphis ' points in OT and finished with a career-high 33 . Kyvon Davenport added 16 with 10 rebounds and Mike Parks , Jr. scored 13 with 11 boards .
Davenport lifted Memphis into a 77-77 tie and Parks blocked ECU 's last shot , forcing overtime .
Beginning in September and running up through November 10th , the first day of the regular season , College Basketball Talk will be unveiling the 2017-2018 NBCSports.com college hoops preview package .
Today , we are previewing Conference USA .
Conference USA has been a one-bid league the past few seasons but the league has also been vastly underrated in the national landscape . Case in point : C-USA has three consecutive seasons with a NCAA tournament win , even though all three teams were high double-digit seeds .
Middle Tennessee remains the darling of the league following two straight appearances in the Round of 32 . Talented forwards JaCorey Williams and Reggie Upshaw have moved on but C-USA Player of the Year candidate Giddy Potts is back on the perimeter along with promising sophomore point guard Tyrik Dixon . Transfers have been an important part of roster-building for the Blue Raiders and former Alabama wing Nick King will be a valuable wing scorer for this team as well . If Brandon Walters can become a productive piece in the middle then Middle Tennessee should once again be a huge threat in league and postseason play .
With a ferocious perimeter back in the fold , hopes are high that Louisiana Tech can make a leap after last season 's second-place finish . The sophomore backcourt tandem of DaQuan Bracey and Jalen Harris are both back after strong first-year student seasons while senior wing Jacobi Boykins is a big-time shooter and Player of the Year threat in the league . If the Bulldogs get a solid contribution from its frontcourt , led by center Joniah White , they could be a major contender .
Old Dominion defended at an elite level last season but they had a tough time with consistent offense . The good news is the Monarchs return some serious talent in point guard Ahmad Caver and brothers Brandon and B.J . Stith . Wake Forest transfer Greg McClinton is an intriguing addition and the first-year student class , including redshirt Xavier Green and shooter Micheal Hueitt Jr. could help put up points .
With one of the league 's best frontcourts , UAB will once again be a dangerous team in C-USA . Two-time conference Defensive Player of the Year William Lee returns for their senior season along with double-figure scorer Chris Cokley . If point guard Nick Norton returns to form from a torn ACL , the Blazers should be a threat at the top of the standings . UTEP was the only C-USA to beat Middle Tennessee last season as they went 13-4 to close out the season . Senior guard Omega Harris is a big-time scorer while senior big man Matt Willms returns after leading the conference in field goal percentage .
Things looked really good for Western Kentucky when they had five-star center Mitchell Robinson , but he 's gone and the team lost its most talented player . Rick Stansbury still brings in a ton of transfers as Lamonte Bearden ( Buffalo ) , Darius Thompson ( Virginia ) and Dwight Coleby ( Kansas ) are all joining the roster . Conference Player of the Year threat Jon Davis returns at guard for Charlotte but the 49ers need to get more out of an unproven frontcourt . Guard Andrien White and wing Austin Ajukwa also return to form a veteran core .
Marshall is another solid team in an emerging league as they 're coming off of a 20-win season . Player of the Year candidate Jon Elmore is back at guard while athletic guard C.J . Burks is another player to watch . The rest of the scoring on from the Thundering Herd will come from mostly new pieces . Rice was gutted by transfers when former head coach Mike Rhoades left for VCU but junior Connor Cashaw has a chance to emerge as a go-to threat . Senior transfer A.J . Lapray brings perimeter shooting while the first-year student class has some talented additions .
UTSA took a gigantic step forward in head coach Steven Henson 's first season and they add more reinforcements to try to make an additional leap in the second season . The backcourt of sophomores Byron Frohnen and Giovanni De Nicolao could put up a lot of points . Scholarship reductions are starting to get lifted at Southern Miss , meaning the Golden Eagles should have more depth in the coming seasons . Jack-of-all-trades guard Cortez Edwards returns and sophomore big man Tim Rowe should help if they can stay healthy .
Florida Atlantic lost seven players to transfer as they need to find more consistent help around senior guard Gerdarius Troutman . College of Charleston transfer Payton Hulsey is an intriguing addition who could help . New head coach Grant McCasland leads the charge at North Texas as the Mean Green are hoping the promising backcourt of Ryan Woolridge and A.J . Lawson continues to grow . FIU is hoping to improve on last season 's disappointing campaign but head coach Anthony Evans , who could be coaching for their job , saw most of last year 's roster leave .
PRESEASON CONFERENCE USA PLAYER OF THE YEAR : Giddy Potts , Middle Tennessee
A senior shooting guard who can create their own shot against most defenses , Potts is a 42 percent career three-point shooter capable of knocking them down from all over the floor . A key piece in the Blue Raiders making it to the Round of 32 the past two seasons , Potts is experienced veteran and a reliable scorer .
THE REST OF THE PRESEASON CONFERENCE USA TEAM
Jon Elmore , Marshall : Putting up big numbers in D'Antoni 's high-octane offense , Elmore averaged 19.7 points , 5.9 assists and 4.3 rebounds per contest as a sophomore .
: Putting up big numbers in D'Antoni 's high-octane offense , Elmore averaged 19.7 points , 5.9 assists and 4.3 rebounds per contest as a sophomore . Jon Davis , Charlotte : An ironman junior who played 35 minutes a game last season , the 6-foot-3 Davis put up 19.6 points , 4.2 assists and 3.4 rebounds per game .
: An ironman junior who played 35 minutes a game last season , the 6-foot-3 Davis put up 19.6 points , 4.2 assists and 3.4 rebounds per game . Jacobi Boykins , Louisiana Tech : Making C-USA 's all-defense team while improving their all-around offense , the 6-foot-6 senior averaged 14.7 points , 4.7 rebounds and 2.2 assists per game last season .
: Making C-USA 's all-defense team while improving their all-around offense , the 6-foot-6 senior averaged 14.7 points , 4.7 rebounds and 2.2 assists per game last season . William Lee , UAB : Perhaps the league 's best long-term talent , the 6-foot-9 senior is springy enough to block shots and skilled enough to knock down perimeter shots .
PREDICTED FINISH
1 . Middle Tennessee
2 . Louisiana Tech
3 . Old Dominion
4 . UAB
5 . UTEP
6 . Western Kentucky
7 . Charlotte
8 . Marshall
9 . Rice
10 . UTSA
11 . Southern Miss
12 . Florida Atlantic
13 . North Texas
14 . FIU
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
Reconstruction of the historical Durbar High School has finally begun . The school building is being reconstructed with the help of the Chinese government , which has proposed to build a four-storey building instead of the original three-storey building by using modern construction materials . However , the height of the school building will remain the same and the neoclassical architecture look will also be kept intact .
Reconstruction of the school started after approval from National Reconstruction Authority , Department of Archaeology , the school management committee and Kathmandu Metropolitan City to build the school using modern construction materials .
The school was originally built in 1851 to provide education to the children of the then rulers of the country .
Earlier , rights activists and conservationists had obstructed the reconstruction work protesting the use of modern materials for reconstruction . The blueprint of the building was not approved for a long time after the members of Society of Nepali Architecture did not agree with the decision to give the building a modern look .
According to The Himalayan Times , at present two schools are run on the premises of Durbar High School Building . According to the principal of Bhanu Secondary School Hem Chandra Mahato , the Chinese contractors had built 10 temporary learning centres to run regular classes . The school will run classes in the TLCs for two years . “ We have been told that the reconstruction work will be completed within 18 months , ” said Mahato .
There are around 180 students at Bhanu Secondary School and 150 students at Sanskrit Secondary School .
The school was opened to the public from 1902 onwards .
ABCNews.com ( MANCHESTER , N.H. ) — President Donald Trump doubled down on their call for the death penalty for drug dealers in a speech in New Hampshire Monday , making the case that such a zero-tolerance policy would fix the nation 's drug problem .
“ We have to change the laws , and we 're working on that right now . The Department of Justice is working very , very hard on that . But the ultimate penalty has to be the death penalty , ” Trump said . “ Maybe our country 's not ready for that . It 's possible , it 's possible that our country is not ready for that , ” they said .
“ Although personally , I ca n't understand that , ” they continued .
“ You take a look at some of these countries where they do n't play games , ” they said , not mentioning any by name . “ They do n't have a drug problem . ”
“ We can have all the blue ribbon committees we want , ” Trump said , “ but if we do n't get tough on drug dealers , we are wasting our time . ”
As they talked about punishing drug dealers , a woman yelled out from the audience : “ What about compassion ? ” Trump seemed to not hear it or ignore it .
A White House release on Trump 's initiative said the Justice Department would seek the death penalty , “ where appropriate under current law , ” against those convicted of dealing and trafficking in fentanyl and other opioids . Some experts have questioned whether the move would have much impact .
Four months after declaring the opioid crisis a public health emergency , Trump said they came back to New Hampshire because he 'd promised during the campaign to help the state deal with its opioid drug problem , noting the state 's death rate from overdoses is double the national average .
Trump 's wife Melania introduced them saying she 'd seen the effect of the “ crisis ” first-hand when visiting hospitals and treatment centers .
“ I 'm proud of this administration 's effort to end this epidemic , ” they said .
Looking on in the audience were Attorney General Jeff Sessions and senior counselor Kellyanne Conway , who has taken the White House lead on the opioid issue .
While Trump 's speech took place in 2018 , it was in many ways a throwback to the 1980s when the “ Just Say No ” campaign was a leading effort to combat the nation 's drug problem . The president said it 's time again to scare kids away from drugs through a well-funded commercial campaign .
“ It 's the least expensive thing we can do , where you scare them from ending up like the people in the commercials . And will make them very , very bad commercials . Will make them pretty unsavory situations , ” they said .
They also said they and first lady Melania Trump were introducing a new website , crisisnextdoor.gov , where people affected by the opioid crisis can share stories . Other new policy goals include cutting overall opioid prescriptions by one-third over the next three years and urging Congress to get rid of an old law prohibiting Medicaid from paying for care at some treatment facilities .
Trump also related the opioid crisis to immigration , saying they will work to end sanctuary city policies and accusing Democrats of stonewalling progress on DACA because they want to stop construction of the border wall . There was a short chant of “ Build the wall ! ”
“ They do n't want to go with DACA because they do n't care about DACA , but they 're trying to tie the wall to DACA and DACA to the wall , ” they said .
Trump claimed 90 percent of illegal drugs come through the southern border . “ Eventually the Democrats will agree with us to build the wall to keep the damn drugs out ! ”
Trump said they would “ probably ” hold a “ major news conference ” at the White House in about a month to discuss dealing with how prescription drugs contribute to the overall drug addiction problem but did not give any further details .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
The 25-year-old man accused of driving the van that careened down a busy Toronto street in a deadly rampage was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder on Tuesday , and 13 counts of attempted murder .
Although Monday 's attack , which was the deadliest mass killing in Canada in decades , had the hallmarks of recent vehicle assaults by Islamic State supporters in the US and Europe , federal officials said it did not represent a larger threat to national security .
Suspect Alek Minassian entered a Toronto courtroom on Tuesday morning . Their head was shaved and they looked down as prosecutors charged them in relation to the lunchtime attack .
Canada 's prime minister Justin Trudeau called on all Canadians to stand united with Toronto , as flowers and scrawled messages in multiple languages piled up at a makeshift memorial in the city 's north end .
“ We can not as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business , ” Mr Trudeau told reporters outside of parliament in Ottawa .
“ We need to focus on doing what we can and we must keep Canadians safe while we stay true to the freedoms and values that we all as Canadians hold dear . ”
The Canadian flag was lowered to half-staff at parliament and at Toronto city hall on Tuesday .
Minassian , who was not previously known to authorities , attended a high school programme , where one classmate remembered them as “ absolutely harmless ” .
The suspect 's two-storey red-brick home in a suburb north of Toronto was a crime scene on Tuesday , taped off and surrounded by police vehicles .
The officer who apprehended Minassian was praised for making a peaceful arrest even as the suspect shouted “ Kill me ” and claimed to have a gun .
Canadians mourned as the victims began to be identified on Tuesday .
The Canadian Broadcasting Corp identified one of the victims as Anne Marie D'Amico , an employee of asset manager Invesco Canada .
In a statement , Invesco confirmed that one of its employees had been killed , but did not name them
The @ TorontoPolice and first responders faced danger without hesitation today , and I want to thank them for their courage and professionalism . We 'll continue working with our law enforcement partners as the investigation continues . — Justin Trudeau ( @ JustinTrudeau ) April 24 , 2018
Mystery motive
Police , who quickly arrested Minassian after the incident , do not know the motives for the attack .
“ The actions definitely looked deliberate , ” Toronto police chief Mark Saunders told a late-night news conference close to the site of the incident in the northern section of Canada 's biggest city .
Federal public safety minister Ralph Goodale , standing next to Mr Saunders , said : “ There would appear to be no national security connections . ”
The attack shook the usually peaceful streets of Toronto . The city , which has a population of 2.8 million , recorded 61 murders last year .
“ This kind of tragic incident is not representative of how we live and who we are , ” Toronto mayor John Tory told reporters .
Downtown Toronto 's CN Tower , which is normally lit up in the evening , went dark on Monday evening .
The attack started just before 1.30pm , when the driver steered their vehicle into the crowds .
A man who gave their name as Ali told CNN they saw the van and that the driver appeared to have been targeting people .
“ This person was intentionally doing this , they were killing everybody , ” the man said . “ He kept going , they kept going . People were getting hit , one after another . ”
The street was soon covered in blood , empty shoes and bodies .
Video footage shot by a bystander showed police arresting a suspect at the scene as they shouted : “ Kill me ” and pointed an unidentified object at a police officer .
The officer replied , “ No , get down . ”
When the suspect said , “ I have a gun in my pocket , ” the officer responded : “ I do n't care . Get down . ”
‘ Tragic and senseless attack '
The killer struck as Canada was still recovering from the shock of a highway crash in Saskatchewan earlier this month that killed 16 people on a bus carrying a junior hockey team .
“ It was with great sadness that I heard about the tragic and senseless attack that took place in Toronto this afternoon , ” Mr Trudeau said in an earlier statement . “ We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities . ”
In a statement , the White House press secretary said Washington “ pledges to provide any support Canada may need ” .
Tánaiste and Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon Coveney said they want to “ unreservedly condemn ” the attack .
“ While it is not yet clear what the motive was and no national security connection has yet been established , it is nonetheless a tragic and appalling incident , ” they said . “ On behalf of the Government and people of Ireland , I wish to extend my condolences to the families , friends and loved ones of the victims .
“ I know that the people of Canada , and of Toronto in particular , will be filled with shock and with sadness today . I want them to know that Ireland stands with the people of Toronto and with the people of Canada . ”
Mr Coveney said there have been no reports of any Irish citizens being caught up in the incident . “ If any Irish citizens do need assistance or if friends or family have concerns about a loved one , they should contact 01 408-2000 . ”
Monday 's incident occurred about 30km from the site where Toronto is hosting a meeting of Group of Seven foreign ministers from Canada , the US , Britain , France , Germany , Italy and Japan , but had no noticeable effect on that event 's security .
Last October eight people died in New York when a man driving a rented pickup truck mowed down pedestrians and cyclists on a bike path .
In September , a Somali refugee was charged with attempted murder over allegations they ran down four pedestrians with a car and stabbed a police officer outside a sports stadium in Edmonton , Alberta .
Well as we all know 3 power episodes have been leaked on a few illegal websites . And as of lately 50 cent has n't been feeling the way that Starz network has been handling things on the business side of things . But were not buying that 50 leaked those episodes ? Or are we ?
The Stars Were Out At Power Season 4 Red Carpet At Newseum In Washington D.C. 33 photos Launch gallery The Stars Were Out At Power Season 4 Red Carpet At Newseum In Washington D.C. 1 . Starz ' 'Power ' Washington , D.C . Season Four Premiere Source : Getty 1 of 33 2 . Starz ' 'Power ' Washington , D.C . Season Four Premiere Source : Getty 2 of 33 3 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 3 of 33 4 . 'Power ' Season 4 Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 4 of 33 5 . 'Power ' Season 4 Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 5 of 33 6 . 'Power ' Season 4 Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 6 of 33 7 . 'Power ' Season 4 Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 7 of 33 8 . 'Power ' Season 4 Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 8 of 33 9 . 'Power ' Season 4 Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 9 of 33 10 . 'Power ' Season 4 Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 10 of 33 11 . 'Power ' Season 4 Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 11 of 33 12 . 'Power ' Season 4 Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 12 of 33 13 . 'Power ' Season 4 Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 13 of 33 14 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 14 of 33 15 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 15 of 33 16 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 16 of 33 17 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 17 of 33 18 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 18 of 33 19 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 19 of 33 20 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 20 of 33 21 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 21 of 33 22 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 22 of 33 23 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 23 of 33 24 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 24 of 33 25 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 25 of 33 26 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 26 of 33 27 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 27 of 33 28 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 28 of 33 29 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 29 of 33 30 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 30 of 33 31 . 'Power ' Washington , DC Premiere Source : Getty 31 of 33 32 . Starz ' 'Power ' Washington , D.C . Season Four Premiere Source : Getty 32 of 33 33 . Starz ' 'Power ' Washington , D.C . Season Four Premiere Source : Getty 33 of 33 Skip ad Continue reading 50 Cent Leaked the Power Episodes ? The Stars Were Out At Power Season 4 Red Carpet At Newseum In Washington D.C .
Ice Cream 2 : 1401 River Road East , Kitchener . Open 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. during the summer season
With a selection of more than 30 different homemade flavours , Ice Cream 2 has become the ice cream destination of choice on the east end of Kitchener . Along with unique hard ice cream flavours , this establishment also has an assortment of offerings in terms of sundaes , parfaits and other sweet treats . You can also select a hard ice cream to turn into a cool milkshake or combine your two favourite flavours .
Four All Ice Cream : 141 Whitney Place , Unit 105 , Kitchener . Open Thursday to to Saturday 12 to 8 p.m. , Sundays 12 to 6 p.m .
If you 're looking to support local business and agriculture , Four All Ice Cream is an option . Four All offers ice cream with locally-sourced supplies and it also offers vegan options for those who prefer to not consume animal products . With a constantly changing assortment of flavours , be sure to check out www.fourall.ca/flavors to see what 's currently available . Ca n't make it to the main location during open hours ? Four All is also available at these local retailers : www.fourall.ca/stockist .
Scoop du Jour : 11-21 Dupont St. E. , Waterloo . Open daily 12 to 10 p.m. ( Subject to weather )
Scoop Du Jour satisfies the childhood magic of the ice cream truck . While ice cream trucks may not be as common as they used to be , Scoop Du Jour has rekindled the magic that comes with it . The ice cream truck offers milkshakes , ice cream sandwiches , single or double scoops as well as cold brew shakes for those who need a wake-me-up .
Matter of Taste : 115 King St. W. , Kitchener . Open Monday to Friday , 7:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. , Saturday 8:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Sunday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m .
Matter of Taste offers eight different gelato flavours that rotate often . Made by Christopher 's Gelato — the owner of the former Whole Lot-A Gelata — the flavours and quality are time tested .
Chains : various .
If you 're looking for a time-tested Dilly Bar from Dairy Queen or your favourite creation from Marble Slab , you have plenty of options . Franchises like Baskin-Robbins as well as pay-by-weight options such as Menchie 's round out the corporately-owned choices .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
CTV Vancouver
Police are investigating a woman for impaired driving after they were involved in a crash with an unmarked police cruiser early Tuesday morning in Vancouver 's West End .
Two officers were driving down Denman Street with their cruiser 's emergency equipment activated when a silver Acura pulled in front of them at around 2 a.m. , according to police .
The cruiser T-boned the Acura , sending it onto the sidewalk where it damaged the patio of an Italian restaurant .
Two parked cars also sustained some damage during the collision .
Police said the officers , who were responding to a robbery call at the time , both suffered minor injuries . The Acura driver , a 29-year-old Vancouver woman , was n't hurt but was taken to hospital as a precaution .
Police said they are being investigated for impaired driving , but their investigation is in its early stages .
China 's New Martyrs
11 June 1900 : a day of Diocletian-like persecution against the numerous Christians of the vast land of China . A day of anger and fire and upheaval . The Boxer rebels vented their fury in particular against the Orthodox , who all together numbered no more than seven hundred , and struck at Christ 's “ little flock ” in a mad rage…
It may be that they held many grievances against the foreigners and their various “ missionaries ” , who were not always innocent of worldly ambitions and self-serving considerations . But the small Orthodox Church of China , the holy offspring of the Russian missionary zeal of older times , had shown and proved from early on that its concern and task was exclusively preaching and spreading the Kingdom of God , and not the “ religious ” support of political and other vain and reprehensible expediencies . So , even if others had given cause for suspicion and complaint , the Orthodox merely preached Christ crucified and nothing else .
Compared to the “ ant-hills ” of Buddhists , Confucians and Taoists , the other presence was a drop in the ocean . Despite that , this “ drop ” was unbearably irritating for the Boxers and they could not stand that it worked on the eyes of their souls like ointment , sharpening their spiritual activity so that they could make out the light of true knowledge of God . So they determined to dry it up : with the fire of persecution ; with the horrible tempest of violence ; in any and every way .
Almost all the churches were torched . The missionary centre in Beijing , its valuable library , its printing-press , everything , was consigned to the flames . Whatever the humble missionary effort had managed to achieve turned to rubble and ash .
Of the seven hundred believers , a handful were Russian , who formed only the basic personnel of the mission under Archimandrite Innokenty . All the rest were native Chinese and the manic fury of the Boxers was aimed precisely at these fellow-countrymen of theirs . There are no words to describe the murderous rage against the lambs of the Church .
Among the first victims was the venerable priest Mitrofan Chi : “ I shall strike down the shepherd and the sheep of the flock will scatter ” ( Matth . 26 , 31 ) . Together with the priest their unsullied child , John , an eight-year-old child . They mutilated them ruthlessly . “ Do you reject faith in Christ ? ” . “ No ” . “ Will you bow down to Buddha ? ” . “ Never ” . They cut them up into pieces . As they gave up their soul , some slightly more charitable people went and tried to show them some humanity . When they asked them if they were in great pain , the holy child martyr of Christ , with an angelic smile on their face , whispered : It 's no great thing to suffer for Christ ” . They closed their eyes on the barbarity of the earth and opened them in the Kingdom of Heaven , where Kirykos , Tarsizios , Claudius , Ypatios , Dionysios , Paul and the other “ little children ” of Christ were waiting to welcome them as a brother and have them join in their “ game ” , together with the cherubim and seraphim .
For Paul Van , a catechist , the time came for them to seal , with their confession and martyrdom , what they had taught for years to the nestlings of the Church . They bore unheard of tortures without complaint , with a prayer on their lips , and gave up their blessed soul into the hands of their Maker . Iyia Ven , a teacher at the Mission School , was repeatedly tortured inhumanely . They were beaten , mutilated and finally gave up their soul , also confessing the name of the Lord as boldly as any man . There were others with them : young and old ; folk in low and high positions ; educated and private individuals ; rustic and urban types ; men of letters and manual labourers . Their names are known by God , Who wrote them in the book of life . About four hundred friends of Christ proved themselves as martyrs and confessors . They irrigated the soil of China with their blood and sanctified it with their ultimate sacrifice . The land of China , which had previously been barren and infertile , supported its first fragrant blossoms , which , with the sweet yellow of their colour enhanced the beauty of the celestial Garden of Eden and with their dew refreshed the Christianity of the early 20th century , which was reeling under the burden of rationalism and indolence . The historic Chinese people rendered its first-fruits to the Lord of Hosts .
11 June , 1900 . Fitting was the sacrifice of the Chinese New Martyrs…Fitting the bloodstained stole of Father Mitrofan… Fitting the blameless sacrificial victim , the young lad John… Fitting the blood of Iya , Paul and all the other martyrs and confessors unknown to us but known to God by name , the first-fruits of their race .
11 . June 1995 . Poring over the pages of “ Ecclesiastical Truth ” of the Church of Constantinople for the year of Our Lord 1901 , I made my first acquaintance with the Holy New Martyrs of China . Their holy icon , pained in a Byzantino-Chinese style already adorns my humble office . By their holy prayers , Christ our God , raise up the fallen tabernacle of Your Church in China and save the souls of us , Your servants , who love the martyrs .
† E. A. I .
Dismissal Hymn
The Chinese martyrs destroyed their ancestors ' delusion , elevated the faith of the Orthodox and fought mightily . For they censured the Buddhist religion and confessed Christ with boldness as perfect God . They pray to Him ceaselessly on behalf of our souls .
Source : pemptousia.com
ABOUT THE ORTHODOX CHRISTIAN NETWORK
The Orthodox Christian Network ( OCN ) is an official agency of the Assembly of Canonical Bishops of the United States of America originally commissioned by SCOBA to create a national , sustainable , and effective media witness for Orthodox Christianity and seekers around the world through media ministry . CLICK HERE to download our brochure .
This 501 ( c ) 3 is recognized as a leader in the Orthodox Media field and has sustained consistent growth over twenty years . OCN shares the timeless faith of Orthodoxy with the contemporary world through modern media . We are on a mission to inspire Orthodox Christians Worldwide . We have reached 5.7 Million People in One Week . Much like public radio , the Orthodox Christian Network relies on the support of our listeners , readers , and fans . If you are interested in supporting our work , you can send your gift by direct mail , over the phone , or on our website . Your gift will ensure that OCN may continue to offer free , high-quality , Orthodox media .
OCN has partnered with Pemptousia , a Contemporary post-modern man does understand what man is . Through its presence in the internet world , Pemptousia , with its spirit of respect for beauty that characterizes it , wishes to contribute to the presentation of a better meaning of life for man , to the search for the ontological dimension of man , and to the awareness of the unfathomable mystery of man who is always in Christ in the process of becoming , of man who is in the image of divine beauty . And the beauty of man springs from the beauty of the Triune God . In the end , “ beauty will save the world ” .
Do you find it hard to keep focused on Christ when you 're on the go ? OCN makes it easy ! Give today to help you and your Orthodox community stay connected no matter the location .
ORTHODOX MOBILE APPS ARE HERE !
Click here to download the Spark OCN and Orthodox Prayer Book .
_______________________________________________________________________
Posted by the Orthodox Christian Network . OCN is on Social Media ! Follow us on Twitter , Facebook , YouTube , Google+ , Pinterest , LinkedIn and Instagram
The Daesh terror group on Monday claimed the shooting rampage inside a glamorous Istanbul nightclub on New Year 's night that killed 39 people , as police hunted the attacker who remains on the run .
Anti-terror police made their first arrests over the attack , which unleashed scenes of panic among partygoers at one of Istanbul 's swankiest venues and killed mostly foreign tourists , AFP wrote .
The shooting took place just 75 minutes into 2017 after a bloody year in Turkey in which hundreds of people were killed in violence blamed on both Daesh terrorists and Kurdish militants .
In a statement circulated on social media , the terror group said one of the `` soldiers of the caliphate '' had carried out the attack on the Reina nightclub .
This is the first time Daesh has issued a clear and undisputed claim for an attack inside Turkey , despite being blamed for several major strikes in Istanbul and other cities over the last year .
The Daesh statement said the attack was in response to Turkey 's military operation against the terror group in Syria .
Arriving by taxi at the plush Reina nightclub on the shores of the Bosphorus , the gunman drew a weapon and shot dead a police officer and civilian at the entrance .
The gunman then fired off four magazines containing a total of 120 bullets around the club , as terrified guests flung themselves into the freezing waters of the Bosphorus in panic .
But after changing clothes , the gunman left the nightclub in the ensuing chaos and has managed to evade security forces .
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said Sunday that intense efforts were underway to find the gunman , and expressed hope that they would be captured soon .
The Dogan news agency said anti-terror police have detained eight suspects . But there was no indication of their relationship to the attacker .
The attacker may be linked to the same cell that in June carried out a triple suicide bombing and gun attack at Istanbul 's Ataturk airport blamed on Daesh that left 47 people dead .
Turkey also received intelligence from the United States on December 30 warning of the risk of attacks by Daesh in Istanbul and Ankara on New Year 's night , Hurriyet said .
The bodies of 25 foreigners killed in the attack were to be handed back to their families following identification .
According to Turkish press reports , the latest figures show 12 Turks were killed in the attack alongside 27 foreigners . Sixty-five people were wounded .
The foreigners who died – most of them from Arab countries – had come to the club to celebrate a special night in style .
63 Gulistan Cottages , Rathmines , Dublin 6 , €550,000
Description : Architect-designed two-bed end-of-terrace property with south-facing yard and water feature .
Agent : SherryFitzGerald
Scottish architect Denis Gilbert trained at the Charles Rennie Mackintosh-designed Glasgow School of Art , and that designer 's influential style is evident in Gilbert 's home , number 63 Gulistan Cottages , a tiny end of terrace two-bed of just 40sq m/430sq ft that they bought in 1997 , paying IR£54,000 ( about €68,560 ) for it . It has since been completely reconfigured , turning it into a free-flowing home of 64sq m/690sq ft .
Gilbert says the house has the largest footprint of all the cottages in this tiny cul-de-sac . To its side a lane has been incorporated into the property and this explains its relatively decent outdoor space .
The house is washed with light thanks to plenty of glazing and well-positioned roof lights , including one over the original chimneybreast to illuminate the entrance hall .
Having spent their holidays in the Lake District , Gilbert wanted to be near water so two thirds of the south-facing yard , a sizeable space relative to that of its neighbours , is covered in a calming water feature that cuts down on garden maintenance .
To the end of the hall is a large , open-plan space divided by a vertical half wall that is also a chimneybreast where there is an insert fire , the focal point of the sittingroom . This room has lofty ceiling heights with timber beams that stretch out to a glazed wall overlooking the garden . This clever flourish completely transforms the space , making it really co-habitable because , in reality , the more traditional properties on these streets are really only big enough for one person .
To the rear is the kitchen . It has simple grey MDF units and a tall splashback of black tiles . The two double bedrooms are adjacent to each other and accessed off the hall . Both have limed timber beams with stainless steel brackets . The master is to the back and has glass doors opening out to the yard . The second is set to the front , across the hall from the family bathroom . Neither bedroom has any built-in wardrobe space .
The property is seeking €550,000 through agent SherryFitzGerald .
55 Gulistan Cottages , Rathmines , Dublin 6 , €525,000
Description : Two-bed , end-of-terrace property completely renovated and upgraded .
Agent : SherryFitzGerald
Sight unseen , Martina Martinelli bought number 55 Gulistan Cottages at an online auction last year , paying €281,000 for what was then a one-bed measuring about 37sq m/398sq ft .
But they had form . Martinelli is a seasoned refurbisher having “ done ” an estimated 10 properties since they started in their 20s , and they have several other renovated properties in the area .
Having seen the property on the market previously , they recognised the house when it came to auction guiding between €270,000 and €280,000 and secured the house as the only bidder . Gulistan Cottages are located just off Gulistan Terrace , where there is a large local Bring Centre , operated by Dublin City Council .
Martinelli used them tried and trusted builder SN Harding Builders to execute the renovations . The house , which now measures 58sq m/624sq ft , is seeking €525,000 through agent SherryFitzGerald .
In order to increase the property 's tiny size , they went up a floor into the roof and added a dormer level that would comply with building regulations . This has been well executed and added built-in wardrobes , a study area , and a casement window that opens wide enough to access a small west-facing roof . There 's also an adjoining shower room with a large stall .
The house has been rewired , replumbed , has new windows and upgraded insulation to achieve an impressive B3 energy rating .
The front door opens into the decent sized , open-plan livingroom with plenty of anthracite grey storage built in under the stairs . This gradually merges with white kitchen units sourced from Trade Mouldings , in Bluebell Industrial Estate and stone countertops from Castlebar-based Blazing Fireplaces and Stoneworks .
The understairs storage includes a very clever doghouse , a super cute idea cut out from a regular door unit . It can be replaced with an ordinary door if ever required .
The sitting area is set around an electric stove with a narrow breakfast bar against the wall . Underfoot is white oak laminate flooring .
The second bedroom is to the rear and has a shower en suite .
There is a small , west-facing yard , accessed from the kitchen just big enough for a bistro table and chairs . Its timber-clad high walls feature foliage from the neighbouring property .
Dive Brief :
Rural school districts continue to struggle with a host of challenges , including a lack of necessary resources and difficulty in attracting and retaining teacher talent , according to a new report from the Rural School and Community Trust , examining the state of rural schools in the school year 2015-2016 .
More than one in four of the country 's schools are in rural areas , and one in six of the nation 's students attend a rural school . But there is still a lack of high-quality early childhood education and childcare , including Head Start programs , which the authors argue would save communities and states bigger costs years later .
The report 's authors considered the importance of rural education in each state , the diversity of the state 's rural students and families , the policy context that could impact these schools as well as rural students ' educational outcomes and college readiness .
Dive Insight :
In a recent conversation with Education Dive , Rural School and Community Trust chairperson Alan Richard said policymakers are often removed from the specific issues facing rural schools and communities , which results in policy proposals which do n't actually best serve the needs of students and educators . Richard pointed to a part of No Child Left Behind which mandated that educators needed to have majored in the subjects they are teaching , saying such a mandate is just not applicable to many small rural schools , where the same educator may be teaching multiple subjects . They acknowledged that since lawmakers often live in suburban or urban areas , it can be difficult to bridge that gap of understanding , and that gap could lead to policy proposals that may inadvertently hinder rural educators and administrators .
Rural schools face many of the same problems as their urban counterparts . It remains difficult for rural schools to staff special education teachers , ELL educators , as well as STEM , male teachers , teachers of color , foreign language educators and teachers for the arts . However , they often have smaller class sizes and tend to be supported by a community dedicated to education , which could help attract teachers and educators who are not predisposed to teaching in a big city .
Other options exist for addressing the gaps facing rural schools . For one thing , increased collaboration between districts and schools has helped to provide more services at a lower cost . And as online classes have grown in popularity in the K-12 sector , schools are seeing the benefits of an approach which allows a single teacher to provide instruction across a number of schools .
The Friendship Center welcomes new board members for 2011-12 .
Sue Adams has energetically contributed to many local causes for the past 50 years .
They attended UCSB and in 1960 married UCSB track and field coach Sam Adams .
Later in life they became acquainted with the Friendship Center when their husband utilized its services as a member .
Adams has received the Santa Barbara News-Press Lifetime Achievement Award and the Santa Barbara Woman of the Year Award .
In addition to the Friendship Center , they serve on the boards of many organizations devoted to social services , historic preservation and the arts , including Casa Esperanza , the Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History , the Santa Barbara Conservancy , the Santa Barbara Courthouse Legacy Foundation , the Pearl Chase Society , the Community Arts Music Association and the Santa Barbara County Historic Landmarks Advisory Commission .
Mark Jackson , CPA , is a senior audit manager at Nasif , Hicks , Harris & Co. LLP . They provide auditing services to a variety of clients , including corporations , employee benefit plans and nonprofit organizations . Additionally , Jackson provides taxation services to corporations and individuals .
They graduated in 2003 from UCSB , where they earned a bachelor 's degree in business economics with an emphasis in accounting . They are a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the California Society of Certified Public Accountants .
Kathy Marden , MFCC , is a licensed marriage and family therapist who specializes in working with people who have chronic pain and chronic illness . They have a bachelor 's degree from San Jose State University , a master 's degree in human development from UC Davis and a master 's degree in counseling psychology from UCSB .
They worked for many years at the Rehabilitation Institute of Santa Barbara and now is in private practice .
Marden has served on the board of the Unitarian Society and Planned Parenthood . They have done volunteer work with Carpinteria Girls Inc. and the Center for Successful Aging .
They also perform in local community theater .
David Medina , M.D. , F.A.A.P. , attended medical school at the University of Texas and has maintained their practice , Children 's Medical Clinic of Santa Barbara , since 1966 .
They are a founding member and former president of the Santa Barbara Pediatric Society , past chairperson of the Cottage Hospital Pediatric Department , and founding member of the Casa de la Raza Medical Clinic , as well as being an active member of many professional and community organizations .
They have received the Santa Barbara News-Press Lifetime Achievement Award and the Santa Barbara Man of the Year Award , among many others .
Susan Plummer , MSW , Ph.D. , is the director of the Santa Barbara Alliance for Living and Dying Well , a consortium of major providers of end-of-life-care services in the community .
Author of Deep Change : Befriending the Unknown , they were the director of a certified hospice program in Mendocino County for eight years . They are also a licensed psychotherapist and has had a part-time private practice for more than 25 years .
Marty Moore , superintendent of the Birnamwood Golf Course , returns as president .
They have served on the Friendship Center 's Board of Directors for 14 years , including multiple terms as president . Their involvement began when their late father attended the Friendship Center , and they have remained committed to its mission and ideals ever since .
Friendship Center is thrilled to announce the opening of its second site — Friendship Center Goleta — as an addition to the original facility in the Montecito area of Santa Barbara . Both centers provide secure , compassionate and affordable day services for elder and other dependent adults with Alzheimer 's or other cognitive impairments in a beautiful and tranquil setting . Transportation ( depending on availability ) hot meals , and a lively program of activities are all included .
Just as important as the services provided to Friendship Center 's members is the respite from caregiving duties extended to family caregivers — often adult children or spouses — so they can stay engaged with their careers , families and other commitments . Veterans Administration and Tri-Counties Resource Center will pay daily fees for qualified participants .
For more information , call 805.969.0859 ( press 1 for Santa Barbara ) to speak with Susan Forkush , Program & Family Services director , or click here .
— Justine Sutton is grants/development coordinator for the Friendship Center .
Apart from being an actor par excellence and a big superstar , Mammootty is also undoubtedly the most stylish star that the Malayalam film industry has ever seen . Their style quotient is hard to be matched and many a time , they have given even the youngsters , a run for their money .
Well , Mammootty 's craze for gadgets and vehicles , is also well-known . Especially , it is quite known to many that the much loved star of Mollywod is hugely fond of cars . There have been umpteen number of instances in films from the past wherein Mammootty was seen riding stylish cars and bikes .
Now , videos and pictures of Mammootty riding a superbike , has taken the social media by storm . Interestingly , it was in Kaloor that the Megastar was spotted riding the limited edition BMW superbike , and it has to be said that the Megastar looked as stylish as ever this time too . The photos and the videos associated with this have turned out to be hugely popular on social media and Mammootty has once again proved that they are truly the stylish star of Mollywood .
Meanwhile , reports have surfaced that , the same was in connection with the shoot of their upcoming film Oru Kuttanadan Blog , which is being directed by popular scenarist Sethu . In the film which is touted to be a light-hearted family entertainer , Mammootty will be seen playing a character named Hari .
Boston Red Sox 's Chris Sale delivers a pitch during the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees , Sunday , Aug. 13 , 2017 , in New York . Frank Franklin II AP Photo
Intro
Georgia vs Wales
1st Half
If video player not appears in mobile devices . Scroll down to bottom and click `` Classic version ''
WALSENBURG/ GARDNER — Huerfano County native Sherry Gomez has been on RE-1 school board since Nov. 2013 . They were appointed for two years when the vacancy for District B was not filled . In 2015 they were formally elected and has been an active school board member for RE-1 school district for the last four years .
As a present school board member they have supported present administration and teachers in the developed improvement plan for Peakview School to move out of priority status . They also are a strong activist for passing the mill levy override to help improve finances to assist in obtaining better salaries and tools for teachers to help with recruitment and retention and the change in student release time from 3 pm to 4:30 pm to allow for one on one tutoring . Sherry is a strong advocate for maintaining the operation of Gardner School as an option for community member 's children for education Pre-K to 8th grade .
Them objectives for re-election are to continue to advocate for the operation of Gardner school and to bring parent awareness to the public to stress how important a child 's achievement includes active participation from home . A Facebook page , “ Be the Change you want to see ” has been created to guide and support parents who are busy and need easy access to information so they can help their children be successful , along with bridging the communication between the public and teachers .
Although , there are plenty of places to take your loved one today for Valentine 's Day in the UAE , nearly nine out of 10 poll respondents said they wo n't be celebrating . On gulfnews.com , the Guides section has published countless places to take your date for dinner or for a small romantic getaway .
Gulf Newsreaders have written in for Valentine 's Day and largely expressed that it 's not important to spend a lot on your partner to show you care . They also have said that we should n't need a day to express our love – it can happen any day . Perhaps this is why poll respondents wo n't be celebrating .
According to a Gulf News report last year , total global consumer spending on Valentine 's Day was $ 18.9 billion ( Dh69 billion ) and couples in the UAE were likely to spend at least between Dh1,000 to Dh1,500 for the day .
What are your thoughts on Valentine 's Day ? Tell us on readers @ gulfnews.com .
With an incident like Eli Tomac and Marvin Musquin 's on Saturday , it 's inevitable that opinions will vary widely on what exactly happened and who 's to blame . There are so many factors influencing those interpretations , including biases , nationalities , one 's own Mendoza line for aggression , etc . I am no different than anyone reading this . I have my opinion of what happened and the situational circumstances that ultimately led to heavy contact and Eli crashing . So , even armed with the foresight that half of the readers will side with me and half of the readers will think I am a colossal moron , I 'm going to delve into it . As Eli made the pass with just over a lap to go , Marvin felt robbed . They had led for 20 minutes and undoubtedly wanted that win . They explained that they felt good and wanted to strike back if possible . A late-race pass can leave many riders unable to make a counter move , be it from fatigue , mental frustration , or simply lack the pace to catch up . Marvin felt capable of putting in one last charge , which led them to think about potential passing spots on the final lap . With the track 's layout , aggressive passing seemed to be necessary . Block passes were happening all afternoon , but for the most part they were taking place after both sets of whoops ( Peick/Barcia , Vanbuskirk/Alves ) . Somewhat ironically , Tomac actually made their pass on Marvin in the turn after those whoops , but they did n't even need to use contact to get it done . It would have been a stretch for Marvin to pass Eli back in that same section—knowing Marvin 's strength is not in the whoops . Maybe Marvin knew they needed to think outside the box . Plus , Eli would also be ready for a pass attempt and would also have an idea of where a pass was possible . They had already spent the previous 20 minutes behind Marvin searching for an opening , so Eli knew where passes could happen while Marvin now had one lap to try to figure out where to make one . This last-lap cat and mouse is always fun to watch because it shows a rider 's mental capacity while at max heart rate and under the brightest of lights .
After the win in Foxborough , Musquin ( # 25 ) still sits comfortably in second place behind Jason Anderson in points standings , with Tomac 29 points behind in third . Jeff Kardas
From my own experiences , I can usually see a pass attempt coming . Whether it 's the setup before the actual strike or just the track 's possibilities , I have an inkling of where to be alert . That 's maybe what was so surprising in this situation . Marvin was n't really close enough yet to make a move . Coming through the rhythm lane after the start , they were still several feet behind Eli . Ideally , they would want to be right on Eli 's wheel or even closer , and then begin angling toward the middle of the turn before Eli begins their arc . That would give them the angle needed to make the block pass and also alert Eli that it 's coming . Whether or not Eli would check up is anyone 's guess , but at least they would know contact was imminent if they did n't . Also , if Marvin was closer , they could come in to the turn slower and take a brief thought about their options on how to approach the pass and their own direction . With Marvin further back , though , they had to commit much sooner and with a lot more speed than they would like . They simply needed to pick a spot and hope it worked out by the time they got there . The commitment and speed they needed to close the bigger gap is a dangerous recipe , and that 's why such hard contact was made . Entering that turn , everyone was braking on the final single and slowing enough to pick up the rut at the apex . Instead of braking , Marvin committed to contact and flowed towards the middle of the berm where they expected Eli to be . If Eli had driven deep into the turn , maybe Marvin would have met them at the apex and they 'd hit , but it would not have been a violent impact . Instead , Eli , trying to protect the inside , decided to brake hard and take the very inside rut . That closed the distance that Marvin needed to make up , but it also put Marvin in a bad spot because they were going much faster than they would now need to .
Yemenis check the damage in the aftermath of a reported air strike by the Saudi-led coalition in the Yemeni capital Sana ' a on March 8 , 2018 . AFP
The US Senate has teed up a vote on ending the US military involvement in the Saudi war on Yemen .
Spearheaded by Senators Bernie Sanders , Mike Lee and Chris Murphy , the resolution would not include the US alleged targeting of al-Qaeda elements in the impoverished country , Press TV reported .
Once the Senate reconvenes on Tuesday , the lawmakers could have up to four hours of debate ; therefore , a vote is expected at approximately 4:15 pm .
If passed , the measure would require all US forces to leave the war-ravaged country within 30 days .
`` You know it 's a new precedent . ... I think a lot of members on our side are trying to figure out what a yes vote means and what a no vote means , '' Texas Republican Senator John Cornyn told The Hill .
Lawmakers from both sides of the aisle have already voiced opposition for the US support for Riyadh , implicated in war crimes in the neighboring country , but it is still unclear whether the effort could garner enough votes .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
By Marie-Therese Nanlong
Jos—THE Women Wing of Christian Association of Nigeria , WOWICAN , in 19 Northern states and Abuja , has called on Muslim mothers across the country to join it for an expanded campaign against abduction of school girls by insurgents .
The Chairperson of WOWICAN , Mrs. Leah Solomon , who spoke at a protest rally during the wing 's second annual conference in ECWA , Jos DCC Women Fellowship Conference camp , said : “ As mothers , it is agonising that your daughter is abducted by terrorists and then forcefully used as sex slave or for any other purpose .
“ That is why we decided to launch a robust campaign against such action , beginning from this conference .
“ We call on Muslim mothers to collaborate with us to give our campaign a boost because this is beyond religion . ”
LEADING OFF : Nats fall to .500 , Shohei back in the box
hello
Los Angeles Angels ' Shohei Ohtani takes to the field to warm up for the team 's baseball game against the Seattle Mariners , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . Associated Press
Washington Nationals third baseman Anthony Rendon ( 6 ) and shortstop Trea Turner ( 7 ) miss a grounder hit by Boston Red Sox ' Eduardo Nunez for a double , during the eighth inning of an interleague baseball game at Nationals Park Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Washington . The Red Sox won 11-4 . Associated Press
Boston Red Sox second baseman Eduardo Nunez waits for the ball to make the tag on Washington Nationals ' Michael Taylor who was out at second base on the steal attempt , during the second inning of an interleague baseball game at Nationals Park Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Washington . Associated Press
A look at what 's happening around the majors today :
NATIONAL DECLINE
The Nationals could use a spark before the July 4 fireworks go off in D.C. Washington is at risk of falling below .500 for the first time since May 2 as it continues a series against Boston at 11 a.m. EDT . The Red Sox thumped the Nationals 11-4 on Tuesday , giving Washington its fourth straight loss and 16th in 21 games to fall to 42-42 . That slide has the preseason NL East favorites chasing the Braves and Phillies in the division . Erick Fedde ( 1-3 , 6.00 ) tries to stop Washington 's skid against Boston left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez ( 9-3 , 4.11 ) .
THE SHO GOES ON
Shohei Ohtani is back from the disabled list , albeit without full use of their electric right arm . The Japanese two-way sensation has been cleared to hit and was in the Angels ' lineup as a designated hitter Tuesday night , but they wo n't be pitching anytime soon due to a Grade 2 sprain of their ulnar collateral ligament suffered more than three weeks ago . Ohtani has received stem cell therapy and a platelet-rich plasma injection on their right elbow . The Angels say they 'll re-evaluate Ohtani for pitching in three weeks .
ROTATION RESET
Gerrit Cole ( 9-2 ) will pitch on regular rest for the Astros after a slight tweak to their rotation . Lance McCullers Jr. was initially scheduled to start at Texas , but Cole will pitch instead . Justin Verlander ( 9-4 ) will follow Thursday at home against the White Sox and McCullers goes Friday . Manager A.J . Hinch said the switch keeps Cole and Verlander pitching every fifth day , and provides extra rest for McCullers ( 9-3 ) and Charlie Morton ( 10-2 ) . The reset rotation means likely All-Star selection Verlander is scheduled for the final game before the break . `` This is always going to be the priority , '' said Hinch , the All-Star manager who then wo n't have Verlander available to pitch for the AL team on July 17 in Washington D.C .
BAUER POWER
Trevor Bauer tries to carry over an outstanding June when the Indians play at Kansas City . Bauer ( 7-6 , 2.45 ) was 3-3 with a 2.18 ERA last month , striking out 62 batters in 41 1/3 innings . They get probably their easiest test of the year against the Royals , who scored a major league-low 58 runs in June - the second-lowest output was Tampa Bay at 87 .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Founder of Amazima Ministries , Katie Davis Majors , discusses why they moved to Uganda and adopted 13 girls .
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments :
Miami is renowned for its beaches and its beautiful women strutting around in their lingerie displaying their well-sculpted bodies . The skin show entails that the woman wears lingerie of the highest quality .
In the olden days people used to throng the physical stores for purchasing the women clothes in Miami . Now , the times have changed with people shifting to the online purchases . The convenience of online shopping coupled with the availability of an entire range of lingerie makes the SLA website the most popular one in the market .
The range of merchandise available on the website is awesome . You have an attractive range of colors to choose from as well . The website presents a fantastic opportunity for the women to buy their exotic lingerie .
SLA has acquired the reputation of being one of the best clothing boutiques in Miami . The biggest advantage of this website is that you can buy your lingerie from anywhere in the world . Women all around the world have mastered the art of shopping online . There is no need of haggling with the shopkeepers for your rebates . The website has its rebates and promotional offers that have the capacity to attract the women to purchase online .
One of the greatest advantages of using this website for shopping for lingerie in Miami is the privacy it offers to the purchaser . There is no need for the woman to feel any embarrassment while shopping for the lingerie at the physical stores .
This website allows you the liberty to return the merchandize if you are not satisfied with it in any way . Of course , the quality of merchandise is such that you might never have to exercise this opportunity at all . This website provides the best opportunity for the women to purchase their lingerie from SLA .
When you have the best lingerie in Miami in your possession , it should not be a problem for you to display your assets without feeling the need to be embarrassed in any way . You can flaunt your well sculpted body and earn the admiration of the people along the way .
Contact :
Sexy Lingerie And Apparel
850 Ives Dairy Rd
Miami , Florida
33179 , USA
Phone : 786-955-5670
Email ID : LadyD @ sexylingerieandapparel.com
Website : https : //www.sexylingerieandapparel.com/
A new study found the best city in America to live in is…
A new study ranked the best cities to live in . And they looked at a BUNCH of different factors , like cost of living . . . crime rates . . . how good the schools are . . . how nice the weather is . . . and even how long the average commute takes .
According to the results , the best city in America is Ann Arbor , Michigan . Here 's the full top ten .
1 . Ann Arbor , Michigan .
2 . Naperville , Illinois , just outside Chicago .
3 . Arlington , Virginia .
4 . Columbia , Maryland , outside Baltimore .
5 . Berkeley , California .
6 . The Woodlands , Texas , just north of Houston .
7 . Plano , Texas .
8 . Overland Park , Kansas , just outside Kansas City .
9 . Boulder , Colorado .
10 . Irvine , California . About 45 miles southeast of L.A .
Click Here to see more .
WASHINGTON — Special counsel Robert Mueller is trying to piece together what transpired inside the White House over a critical 18-day period that began when senior officials were told that National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by Russia , according to multiple people familiar with the matter .
The questions about what happened between Jan. 26 and Flynn 's firing on Feb. 13 appear to relate to possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump , say two people familiar with Mueller 's investigation into Russia 's election meddling and potential collusion with the Trump campaign .
Multiple sources say that during interviews , Mueller 's investigators have asked witnesses , including White House Counsel Don McGahn and others who have worked in the West Wing , to go through each day that Flynn remained as national security adviser and describe in detail what they knew was happening inside the White House as it related to Flynn .
Watch Peter Alexander on Today this morning for more
Some of those interviewed by Mueller 's team believe the goal is in part to determine if there was a deliberate effort by President Trump or top officials in the West Wing to cover up the information about Flynn that Sally Yates , then the acting attorney general , conveyed to McGahn on Jan. 26 . In addition to Flynn , McGahn is also expected to be critical to federal investigators trying to piece together a timeline of those 18 days .
Neither McGahn 's lawyer nor the White House responded to requests for comment . A spokesperson for the Special Counsel 's office declined to comment .
When did Trump learn Flynn lied to the FBI ?
The obstruction of justice question could hinge on when Trump knew about the content of Flynn 's conversations with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. during the transition , which were at the crux of Yates 's warning , and when the president learned Flynn had lied about those conversations to the FBI , according to two people familiar with the Mueller probe .
Flynn pleaded guilty earlier this month to lying to the FBI on Jan. 24 , an interview that took place the day after they were sworn in as national security adviser .
Related : Mueller has enough evidence to bring charges in Flynn investigation
Yates has testified to Congress that they informed McGahn on Jan. 26 that Flynn had not been truthful in statements to senior members of the Trump team , including Vice President Mike Pence , when they said they did not discuss U.S. sanctions with Russia 's ambassador , Sergey Kislyak . Yates said Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by the Russians because they had lied about the contents of a phone call with Kislyak .
Former acting U.S. Attorney General Sally Yates testifies before a Senate Judiciary Committee 's subcommittee on Capitol Hill on May 8 , 2017 . Eric Thayer / Getty Images
Trump 's legal team and senior White House aides are refusing to say when and how the president first learned that Flynn had lied to the FBI . Yates testified that in their Jan. 26 meeting with McGahn they asked them about the content of Flynn 's FBI interview .
`` Mr. McGahn asked me how they did and I declined to give them an answer to that , '' Yates testified in May . They told Congress that it would have been inappropriate for them to tell McGahn whether Flynn had been truthful .
Related : Mike Flynn 's son is subject of federal Russia probe
That same day , Jan. 26 , McGahn also briefed Trump and some of their senior advisers on their conversation with Yates , according to then-White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer .
`` Immediately after the Department of Justice notified the White House counsel of the situation , the White House counsel briefed the president and a small group of senior advisers , '' Spicer told reporters on Feb. 14 .
Two former federal prosecutors who spoke to NBC News on the condition of anonymity said most lawyers in McGahn 's position would have immediately gone to Flynn and asked them whether they lied to the FBI .
Don McGahn , general counsel for the Trump transition team , gets into an elevator in the lobby at Trump Tower in New York , on Nov.15 , 2016 . Drew Angerer / Getty Images
President Trump told NBC 's Lester Holt in an interview on May 11 that they did n't ask for Flynn 's resignation after Yates 's warning because once McGahn looked into it , they `` came back to me and [ it ] did not sound like an emergency . ''
The conversation with Kislyak that Flynn misled Pence and other officials about took place on Dec. 29 , the same day the Obama administration announced new sanctions against Russia in retaliation for Moscow 's interference in the U.S. presidential election .
On Jan. 12 , the Washington Post reported that Flynn had spoken on the phone with Kislyak on Dec. 29 . The timing of the call raised questions about whether the two had discussed sanctions . Three days after the Post report , Pence publicly said they had been assured by Flynn that sanctions were not discussed .
Other senior Trump officials , including Spicer , also said publicly during the transition that Flynn did not discuss sanctions with Kislyak . Spicer repeated that line from the White House podium on Jan. 23 , saying they had asked Flynn about it again the night before .
Sergey Kislyak , right , and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov meets with President Donald Trump at the White House on May 10 . Kislyak served as Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. until July . Russian Foreign Ministry Photo / via AP , file
Court documents from Flynn 's plea deal show Flynn had discussed sanctions with Kislyak on Dec. 29 in coordination with Trump transition officials . NBC News reported that Flynn spoke with their incoming deputy K.T . McFarland to discuss what to say to Kislyak about the new U.S. sanctions in order to keep Russia from retaliating .
In the second week of February , Flynn again told senior White House officials they had not discussed sanctions with Kislyak . Fresh questions arose at that time because Washington Post reporters had multiple sources saying the two men had discussed sanctions . Under repeated questioning by the senior officials , Flynn shifted their story , according to White House officials familiar with the matter .
Pence said they first learned that Flynn had misled them when the Post story was published on Feb. 9 . Four days later , Yates 's warning to McGahn became public in another Post story .
Only then , on Feb. 13 , did Trump fire Flynn , saying they did so because they had misled Pence .
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos listens at left as Deputy National Security Adviser K.T . McFarland speaks at the Women 's Empowerment Panel , Wednesday , March 29 , 2017 , at the White House in Washington . Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP
Justice Department officials who spoke to NBC News on the condition of anonymity said they had expected the White House to fire Flynn on Jan. 26 upon learning that they had lied to the vice president .
Instead , Trump fired Yates on Jan. 30 , citing their refusal to enforce their executive order banning people from seven Muslim-majority countries from travelling to the U.S. Before they left , however , they made available , at McGahn 's request , evidence they had that Flynn had not been truthful about their conversations with Kislyak , according to their congressional testimony .
Mueller is trying to determine why Flynn remained in their post for 18 days after Trump learned of Yates ' warning , according to two people familiar with the probe . They appear to be interested in whether Trump directed them to lie to senior officials , including Pence , or the FBI , and if so why , the sources said .
If Trump knew their national security adviser lied to the FBI in the early days of their administration it would raise serious questions about why Flynn was not fired until Feb. 13 , and whether Trump was attempting to obstruct justice when FBI Director James Comey says the president pressured them to drop their investigation into Flynn . Trump fired Comey on May 9 .
Trump denies pressuring Comey to drop the Flynn investigation , and their legal team has disputed any notion of the president obstructing justice .
Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn ( C ) exits the E. Barrett Prettyman Federal Courthouse on December 1 , 2017 in Washington . Michael Reynolds / EPA
Trump raised new questions about possible obstruction of justice on Dec. 2 when they wrote on Twitter that they fired Flynn because they had lied to Pence and the FBI , suggesting they already knew Flynn was in legal jeopardy for lying to federal investigators at the time they fired Comey .
`` I had to fire General Flynn because they lied to the Vice President and the FBI , '' Trump wrote . `` He has pled guilty to those lies . It is a shame because their actions during the transition were lawful . There was nothing to hide ! ''
Trump lawyer John Dowd later took responsibility for the tweet , saying they had drafted it for the White House social media director to post .
During their testimony before a Senate subcommittee in May , Yates testified that they did n't tell McGahn in their Jan. 26 meeting what Flynn told the FBI because that was under investigation . They said : `` He asked me how they had done in the interview , and I specifically declined to answer that . ''
Based on Yates 's testimony , McGahn 's tone appears to have hardened in their second meeting with Yates the following day , Jan. 27 , which took place after they spoke with Trump and other advisers . Yates testified that during that Jan. 27 meeting they questioned them about why it mattered if Flynn misled Pence . `` Essentially : 'What 's it to the Justice Department if one White House official is lying to another ? ' '' they said McGahn asked them
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has repeatedly referred questions to Dowd about when Trump knew Flynn lied to the FBI . Dowd has declined multiple requests to answer that question .
National flags are being hawked at traffic lights , the Indian parliament has been illuminated , and monkey traps have been installed around Delhi monuments as India prepares to celebrate the 70th anniversary of its independence .
Above Pakistan 's capital , Islamabad , this weekend , air force jets left a multicoloured trail as they rehearsed for the largest air show in the country 's history on Monday , when it celebrates its own creation in 1947 .
Indian prime minister Narendra Modi will lead the celebrations in India on Tuesday with a traditional speech from the Red Fort in Delhi , where the country 's first leader , Jawaharlal Nehru , oversaw the lowering of the union jack 70 years ago at the stroke of midnight on August 15th .
Like Nehru , Mr Modi will oversee the hoisting of the Indian tricolour in its place , followed by a military parade through Delhi 's old city . Unlike the founding leader , Mr Modi is sourcing suggestions for topics in their speech through an official mobile phone app .
Mr Modi has sought in recent remarks to link independence day to Mahatma Gandhi 's Quit India movement , which launched on the same date in 1942 , aiming to push the British out of the subcontinent . They were gone five years later .
Independence day this year should be a similar “ day of resolve ” , Mr Modi has said , and trigger five years of work to transform the country .
Pakistan 's celebrations
The new prime minister of Pakistan , Shahid Khaqan Abbasi , is also overseeing a flag-hoisting ceremony at the country 's parliament followed by a military parade and a 31-gun salute .
Though both countries became independent at the same moment , Pakistan marks the event one day earlier than India . Lord Mountbatten , the last British viceroy , administered the independence oath to Muhammad Ali Jinnah , the first governor-general of Pakistan , on August 14th , before rushing to Delhi to do the same for Nehru at midnight .
Across India , flag-hoisting ceremonies have been called for 8am sharp at schools , with students asked to recite an oath vowing to rid the country of its ailments , listed as poverty , corruption , terrorism , and discrimination by religion or caste .
The directive was met with resistance in West Bengal , run by one of Mr Modi 's fiercest opponents , Mamata Banerjee , whose education minister asked schools to ignore it . “ The feeling of patriotism can not be forced down someone , ” they said .
Controversy has also intruded on independence celebrations in Uttar Pradesh , the country 's most populous state , where the government of hardline Hindu leader Yogi Adityanath was criticised for ordering Islamic schools to film their independence day ceremonies .
Islamic leaders in the state called it an attempt to test their patriotism in a year marred by high-profile instances of violence between Hindus and Muslims .
State ministers insist it is merely an administrative matter , helping Muslim schools to prove they are taking part in national holidays , a key requirement to receive government funding .
Military theme
Observers in Delhi have detected a military theme to this year 's celebrations . Statues and posters of soldiers have been installed outside some posh Delhi markets , with others turning disused military jeeps into canvasses for street artists .
The past year has seen renewed military operations on the northern border with Pakistan , while hundreds of Indian soldiers remain locked in a standoff with China on disputed territory near the country 's east .
The Chinese vice-premier , Wang Yang , will be on hand for commemorations in Islamabad , signalling closer economic and financial ties between the two countries .
Independence commemorations will also be held around the world by members of the subcontinent 's vast diaspora , including in Singapore , the UK and Australia . – Guardian service
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Topshop has confirmed it will remain closed while the investigation into the death of a schoolboy at its Reading store continues .
10-year-old Kaden Reddick died at Royal Berkshire Hospital on Monday , February 13 after suffering serious head injuries at the store in The Oracle .
Thames Valley Police were called to the store at around 4.15pm to find the schoolboy had been injured during an incident involving a store barrier .
Detectives are still trying to work out what happened while police and Reading Borough Council health and safety officers investigate .
Staff at Topshop have released a statement saying they are `` deeply saddened '' by the incident .
An inquest into the boy 's death has not yet been opened , but a spokesperson for the Berkshire coroner 's office confirmed the case is `` still under investigation '' .
( Photo : UGCTMS )
It is not yet known when the store will reopen .
Video will play in
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It was a defeat that forced Gianfranco Zola to resign .
Defeat at home to Burton was never going to be an acceptable result , the fans knew it , the players knew it , and Zola knew it .
How did the players fare in the defeat ?
Shane Ireland takes a look in the video above .
The day after Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat out the national anthem , their former team-mate Michael Bennett has followed their lead .
The Seattle Seahawks defensive end , who is known for their strong views , sat with a towel draped over their head during the anthem before Sunday 's game against the Los Chargers . Bennett said they plan to continue the protest for the rest of the season , and their stance was influenced by the far-right violence in Charlottesville over the weekend .
Colin Kaepernick attracted attention when they chose to kneel for the anthem last season as a protest at racial injustice in the United States .
“ The last week , with everything that 's been going on in the last couple months – especially after the last couple days seeing everything in [ Charlottesville ] Virginia ... [ I ] just wanted to be able to continue to use my platform to be able to speak on injustice , ” Bennett said after Sunday 's game .
Kaepernick was accused by some of disrespecting the military when they refused to stand , and Bennett emphasized they respected the armed forces .
“ First of all , I want to make sure that people understand I love the military . My father was in the military . I love hot dogs , like any other American . I love football like any other American , ” they said . “ But I do n't love segregation . I do n't love riots . I do n't love oppression . I do n't love to gender slander . And I just want to see people have equality that they deserve . ”
‘ Man babies with torches '
Bennett and Lynch are likely to be joined by others players . Bleacher Report 's Mike Freeman says they have spoken to five other players who plan to protest this season after the Charlottesville violence , and Donald Trump 's failure to condemn far-right protestors . The trouble in Charlottesville , during which a woman was killed after a car was driven into anti-racism protesters , drew criticism from a number of athletes . The Philadelphia Eagles defensive end , Chris Long , called the far-right protesters “ man babies with torches ” .
Bennett has spoken out about political issues in the past . Kaepernick has yet to find a new team following their season of protest , and Bennett says the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback 's story highlights the racial divide in the NFL .
“ Obviously , there 's the elephant in the room why Kaepernick is n't signed , and most people know why , ” Bennett said in June . “ I 've said this several times , and I 'm not afraid to say it : I think race and politics in sports is something people do n't want to hear about , nor do people want to be a part of . ”
Almost 70 per cent of NFL players are black but a white player is yet to join the anthem protest . Bennett says that they have been writing a book , titled Things That Make White People Uncomfortable . “ I think the title is just a title to start a conversation so people want to read it , ” Bennett said . “ The book I 'm focusing on is issues that I see that are important in America , and they are my views and opinion. ” Guardian Service
BINDYA is pleased to present the very famous Lulla Collection of printed scarves for women . The Collection has been created with an aim to offer gorgeous and stylish yet cheap scarves online for women . By cheap , it is not the quality that is being referred to , but making the stylish scarves accessible to every fashionable woman out there . By spending no more than $ 10 each , one can get a lovely mix and match of vibrant scarves . “ We are accepting the challenge and presenting a way to be trendy and stylish in the summer while only spending around $ 10 and not sacrificing any quality ! ” States Bindya , the designer of the collection of printed scarves online for women . When such affordable but beautiful scarves are made available , why should anyone limit to just one or two ?
The trendy fashionistas can add multiple styles to their wardrobes and mix and match them with their favorite outfits . The best thing about scarves is that they are extremely versatile and can be played along according to the season . It is no exaggeration when one points out that without scarves the wardrobe is considered to be tasteless . The collection caters around the fashion needs of the downtown customers of New York , while catering to an international market . The Bindya Lulla collection includes a wider selection of embroidered , bright , colorful , textured and sequined scarves . The Lulla Collection has become an instant hit and within a year these scarves plan to hit some of the renowned retailers such as Nordstrom and Anthropologie .
This exquisite collection has also made entry into InStyle Magazine , one of the top fashion publications of NY . For those who are looking at refreshing their looks and their wardrobes , this is the coolest place ever . And for those who are looking for some cheap retail therapy , there is no doubt they can forever bask in the glory of beautiful scarves at Bindya . As aptly said “ Wearable art is at the heart of every piece in the Lulla Collection . Be sure to shop often and early , or else you might just miss our most lust-worthy style yet ” , adds Bindya .
To check out the cheap scarves online for women or the latest collection of Binday Lulla 's Collection of Printed Scarves visit http : //bindyany.com/
About http : //bindyany.com/
BINDYA of New York , http : //bindyany.com/ based at New York is a thriving fashion brand started by Bindya Lulla . Bindya finds their design inspirations from their business tours to Paris , India , the runways and the NY streets . Bindya 's collection includes scarves , jewelry , beach wear or resort collection , winter wear and more .
Contact
Lindsay Toth
Company : BINDYA
Address : 28 West 36th Street , Suite 901 , New York , NY 10018
Phone : 212.730.8852
Website : http : //bindyany.com/
A statue of 19th century British feminist leader Millicent Fawcett was unveiled in London 's Parliament Square on Tuesday , the first monument honouring a woman in a public space previously occupied by 11 statues of men .
Fawcett led campaigning for women to be given the vote in Britain , and the unveiling of the statue was the high point in a series of events marking 100 years since some women were granted that right for the first time in 1918 .
Fawcett is represented in middle age , with their head held high , gazing straight at the Houses of Parliament and holding a banner that reads “ Courage calls to courage everywhere ” , a quote from one of their speeches .
The bronze by Turner Prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing – also the first statue by a woman to stand in the square – took its place among monuments to the likes of Winston Churchill , Mahatma Gandhi , Nelson Mandela and Abraham Lincoln .
Prime minister Theresa May , Britain 's second female head of government , said during the unveiling ceremony that they would not be standing there today , in that role , had it not been for Fawcett 's struggle .
“ Few of us can claim to have made an impact as significant and lasting as Dame Millicent , and it is right and proper that , today , they take their place at the heart of our democracy , ” May told an audience of politicians , business leaders , feminist campaigners and schoolchildren .
Among onlookers was Kimberley McGinty , who works as an advocate for women in the construction industry . They had come with their mother Anne Ballard , and their 13-year-old daughter Millicent , who is named after Fawcett .
“ I wanted a name with meaning , a strong character , somebody they could be proud of , ” said Ms McGinty , explaining them choice . The trio said they found the unveiling emotional and inspiring .
“ There is still a long way to go for women , ” said Ms Ballard .
Gender pay gap
The honouring of Fawcett and wider celebrations of the centenary of women 's right to vote have gained additional relevance due to recent revelations about the extent of the gender pay gap in Britain and other persistent inequalities .
Fawcett started campaigning for votes for women when they were 19 years old , in 1866 . They dedicated the following six decades of their life to the cause , leading what was then known as the suffragist movement – as opposed to the suffragettes who adopted more militant methods of activism .
They lived to see Britain 's then all-male parliament pass the Representation of the People Act of 1918 , which gave the right to vote to some women over 30 years old , and later the Equal Franchise Act of 1928 which equalised the age at which men and women could vote . They died in 1929 .
The statue came about as a result of a campaign launched by feminist Caroline Criado-Perez , who had already had success in pushing for a woman , novelist Jane Austen , to be represented on a banknote .
Ms Criado-Perez said their research had shown there were more statues in Britain of men called John than there were statues of women . Excluding Queen Victoria , fewer than 3 per cent of statues represented women , they said . – Reuters
Uncle , starring Mammootty in the lead role is gearing up to grace the big screens on Aprl 27 , 2018 . After the teaser and the trailer of the movie , the makers of the film have come up with yet another teaser of the movie , which has further raised the expectations on this upcoming movie .
The new teaser has been launched through the official facebook page of Mammootty . The 28 seconds long teaser of the movie features a conversation between Mammootty and the movie 's lead actor Karthika Muraleedharan . In the teaser , KK , the character played by Mammootty in the movie , describes the beauty of the character played by Karthika Muraleedharan in Uncle .
Well , the new teaser should strengthen the reports that Mammootty will be seen essaying a character with different shades in the film . Importantly , we definitely can expect yet another hard-hitting performance from Mammootty . The matching background score in the teaser of the film is also a major highlight . The teaser has already fetched above 60K views on Facebook within a short span of time .
Uncle has been directed by debut film-maker girish Damodar . The movie has its script penned by actor Joy Mathew who is also a part of the cast list . Suresh Krishna , Muthumani , KPAC Lalitha etc. , will also be seen essaying important roles in the movie . The film has bagged a clean ' U ' certificate .
Treasurers are being expected to do more work with fewer resources than ever before . It 's little wonder , in that case , that the automation of day-to-day operations was highly discussed on the second day of EuroFinance , the annual treasury event held in Barcelona this week .
George Zarkadakis , digital lead at Willis Towers Watson UK , discussed the impact of automation on treasury in their Thursday morning sessions , ‘ Will treasury be free or terminated ? '
As treasurers are required to take on more strategic roles at the same time as managing day-to-day operations on leanly staffed teams , Zarkadakis said : “ For treasury , there is a shift from specialist to generalist
“ AI is less likely to take the jobs of generalists able to interpret deep data and apply it , ” they said .
George Zinn , Microsoft 's corporate vice president , echoed these sentiments , saying : “ Data requisition will be the next pre-requisite skill for financial professionals ”
Dick Oskam , head of transaction services for ING Wholesale Banking , told GTNews : “ Treasurers are continually expected to do more with fewer resources .
“ I 'm constantly impressed with the amount of work they do with the few resources that they have . That is not going to change , ” they added .
Oskam also highlighted the importance of using data , but added that consumers sharing data is vital .
Europe 's revised Payment Services Directive ( PSD2 ) is an example of this . “ The biggest challenge that governments and banks have is that the general public is not aware of what PSD2 is about , ” said Oskam .
“ We can say we want to use data as an industry , but if consumers are not willing to share data , then PSD2 is not going to be hugely successful .
“ Both governments and banks need to explain what PSD2 is about , what it means to consumers and how the central function of banks ( which in my view is trust ) is going to be retained , ” added Oskham .
George Zarkadadis of Towers Watson : AI less likely to take the jobs of generalists able to interpret deep data and apply it . # EuroFinance pic.twitter.com/ixQevYZlQt — Clarissa Dann ( @ Clarissadann ) October 5 , 2017
What Brexit blues ?
The event organisers used both robotics and data to survey delegates on their Brexit views and announced the results on Thursday . The survey was conducted by a robot that patrolled the event , befriending and grilling over 400 delegates .
Over half of firms said they failed to see any negative effects from the negotiations on their business , although over a third admitted to adverse commercial setbacks .
A surprisingly high number of corporates also appear unwilling to rein in spending ( 41 % ) , with 7 % even stating they would invest more in the UK .
Asif Chaudhury , managing director of EuroFinance , commented : “ One of the key reasons [ for corporates being unwilling to rein in spending ] is the fact that Britain has established roots as a leading hub for corporate finance ,
“ However , this is not to say that treasurers are not paying close attention to the possible implications for their companies . One main concern is working out how corporates will continue to operate across borders , ” they told GTNews .
Relocation fears also appear to be unfounded , with less than 10 % opening new European offices , and a mere 8 % defiantly moving jobs from the UK to EU countries .
“ While the referendum aftermath has had an unsettling effect , financiers working for major corporates clearly still view Britain as best for business , ” said Chaudhury .
“ The overriding consensus seems to be that businesses can continue to source financing and services relatively unscathed . But as the negotiations progress , this view needs to be supported by policymakers both in Brussels and Westminster to ensure market stability and continuity . ”
When asked what which the most surprising aspect of the results , Chaudhury said : “ The fact that so many of the gloom and doom pre-referendum predictions do not appear to be coming true .
“ Unlike politicians in Westminster and Brussels , finance and treasury experts are not weighed down by ideology and as a result , are clearly taking a much more pragmatic approach to proceedings , ” they added .
Chaudhury also said that delegates responded well to the robot : “ Depending on how the negotiations progress in the run-up to next year 's event , the robot may well be in action again . ”
`` I did n't know that robots had credit cards '' – Our fraud specialist James Richardson has a natter with Oscar the Robot at # eurofinance pic.twitter.com/GvNylDZHUr — Bottomline EMEA ( @ BottomlineEMEA ) October 5 , 2017
Low-interest rates are a top concern
Several of the treasurers that spoke to GTNews throughout the day said that regulation and low-interest rates were their chief concerns , many being based in Continental Europe .
Colin Sharp , senior vice president for Europe , the Middle East and Africa at C2FO , told GTNews : “ Cash levels in the low-interest rate environment is a big issue that treasurers are wrestling with right now because they are constrained by their treasury policies with what they can invest in .
“ They ca n't invest in risky yields but everyone is on their back for a better return .
“ Interest rates rising next year wo n't change this , ” said Sharp .
“ The low-interest rate environment just puts a spotlight on things . Interested rate movements right now are about 10-30 basis points ( bps ) . Even if it moves by 10bps , treasurers would still be underwater by 30bps in the Eurozone , ” they explained .
Connecting blockchain and trade finance
AIG and TradeIX announced the completion of the first blockchain-enabled trade finance transaction for a global logistics company , with financing provided by Standard Chartered at conference on Thursday .
Logistics firm , TradeIX has developed a trade finance platform , TIX , powered by permission-based distributed ledger technology .
Using this ledger , companies can have their invoices placed on the TIX platform , giving real-time visibility to manage customer terms and credit risk .
All details of the invoice and the eligible insured amount are recorded on the distributed ledger .
This invoice finance transaction took place at the end of September and enabled TradeIX to offer its customers extended payment periods whilst maintaining the company 's receivables at current terms .
The invoices are sold to the finance providers and credit insured by AIG .
AIG also provides the benefits of Aronova , its trade finance technology provider , which tests policy invoice eligibility for the insured financiers .
Marilyn Blattner-Hoyle , head of supply chain and trade finance at AIG , said : “ Using blockchain technology to facilitate trade finance transactions makes it easier for companies to benefit from trade finance , allowing more companies better access to working capital and making insurance more available to finance-providers .
“ By using this blockchain-enabled platform , clients are able to benefit from the extended ecosystem that trade finance brings , but with a reduction in friction and cost and an improvement in speed and transparency . ”
The trade finance programme gives companies access to capital , allowing them to improve payment terms with their suppliers and clients .
At EuroFinance , GTNews interviewed Bank of America Merrill Lynch , ING Bank , Standard Chartered , C2FO , individual treasurers and more . Keep an eye out for our interviews next week .
Read our report on day one at EuroFinance here .
@ sytaylor here talking about the nuts and bolts of # blockchain… trade finance will be first to really adopt # DLT # EuroFinance pic.twitter.com/OpVnIyhIlQ — EuroFinance ( @ EuroFinance ) October 5 , 2017
2 views
Dubai : The UAE will win the war on extremism by holding onto Emirati values as a way of life , Lieutenant General Shaikh Saif Bin Zayed Al Nahyan , Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Interior , said during the World Government Summit in Dubai on Monday .
In a wide-ranging talk during their main address on the ‘ Nation 's Sustainability ' , they said : “ Today , we are in a war against hatred , sectarianism and terrorism . We will be winners by holding on to our values and ethics and turning them into a way of life . ”
Attending the address was Their Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum , Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai , and other shaikhs and dignitaries .
Shaikh Saif stressed that the UAE 's humanitarian projects in Afghanistan and other countries will continue . Last month , five Emiratis were martyred in a terror attack in Afghanistan , where they were carrying out humanitarian , educational and developmental programmes .
“ We will combat terrorism to the last breath . Our humanitarian aid will always be delivered to the needy in the farthest corners of the world . ”
Shaikh Saif also said “ Emirati values and ethics are also reflected by our brothers on the front lines who are giving their lives for the nation 's sustainability ” .
They explained that Emirati ethics , as exemplified by UAE 's founder , Shaikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan , are based on Islam — referring to moral education . They are also rooted in the “ majlis of the elders ” , referring to seeking knowledge from the wise . The third main pillar is Emirati heritage .
Shaikh Saif also introduced on stage Emiratis they praised as role models , such as Esmail Mohammad Abdullah , a former member of the UAE Armed Forces who sustained a disability in a traffic accident . Abdullah now works in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . They were vetted by mystery customers who confirmed their dedication to professionalism and helpful disposition , Shaikh Saif said .
“ The more hurdles they were subjected to , the more they solved them . In one case , the ‘ customer ' said they can not pay the fees . Abdullah offered the fees himself . These are the values and ethics , ” Shaikh Saif said .
Three-month reviews
Shaikh Saif also said 2017 will see the beginning of a new system of review of office-bearers , including ministers . Instead of a performance review every five or three years only , they will be reviewed every three months . “ With the speed of UAE 's development , we are not riding a fast train , we are riding an airplane , ” they said .
They also said the UAE has more than 5,000 secret shoppers who monitor the performance of all public entities to ensure excellence .
Referring to the UAE leadership , Shaikh Saif said : “ I have no doubt that among us are men who are making history. ” They also praised the worker who is loyal to their or their job , the trader who is ethical in business dealings , and the mother who instils and understands that education based on ethics supersedes education per se .
The annual WGS this year is featuring 4,000 participants and 150 speakers from 138 countries . Around 114 sessions are being held in a packed three-day agenda . The event ends on Tuesday at the Madinat Jumeirah Resort in Dubai .
GREENVILLE , N.C. ( WNCT ) — East Carolina University English professor Thomas Douglass died Friday , according to a Facebook post from the university 's English department .
Douglass was an associate professor of English at East Carolina University , where they organized the Contemporary Writers Series and the Veterans Writers Project .
They taught American and British literature and writing .
According to their obituary , Douglass “ enjoyed baseball , old movies , and music of all kinds . ”
Their obituary states memorial donations can be made online or by mail to the Tisch Brain Tumor Center , DUMC Box 3624 , Durham , NC 27710 .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has again upped its forecast for global growth this year due to buoyant financial markets and a cyclical recovery in manufacturing and trade .
The Washington-based organisation 's forecast rose from 3.1 per cent last year to 3.4 per cent in January . In its latest World Economic Outlook , published on Tuesday , it said it knows sees global growth rising 3.5 per cent in 2017 .
The body kept it projection for 2018 unchanged at 3.6 per cent .
However , while highlighting a number of positive developments the body warned that binding structural impediments continue to hold back a stronger recovery with “ a balance of risks that remains tilted to the downside , especially over the medium term . ”
“ Structural problems- such as low productivity growth and high income inequality - are likely to persist . Inward-looking policies threaten global economic integration and the cooperative global economic order , which have served the world economy , especially emerging market and developing economies , well , ” the IMF said in its latest World Economic Outlook .
The IMF revised Britain 's growth forecast to 2 per cent for 2017 , up a half percentage point from January . It said negative effects from the UK 's vote to leave the European Union are taking longer to materialise .
The organisation held its 2017 US growth forecast steady at 2.3 per cent , which still represents a substantial jump from 1.6 per cent growth in 2016 , partly due to expectations that president Donald Trump will cut taxes and increase government spending .
The IMF lifted Japan 's 2017 growth projection by 0.4 percentage point from January , to 1.2 per cent , while the euro zone and China both saw a 0.1 percentage point growth forecast increase to 1.7 per cent and 6.6 per cent , respectively .
Additional reporting : Reuters
NORTH PORT , Fla. ( WFLA ) — A missing K9 from the Charlotte County Sheriff 's Office was found dead on Monday .
K9 Edo went missing Friday night after they escaped their latched kennel in their handler 's garage near Cranberry Boulevard and Tamiami Trail . Investigators do not know how they got out but say the garage door was open due to the cooler weather .
The sheriff 's office announced Monday morning on Facebook that they were “ heartbroken ” to report that K9 Edo was found dead in North Port .
North Port police officers , Charlotte County deputies and volunteers were out looking for the K9 over the weekend .
“ We are overwhelmed by the support we have received from the community while searching for K9 Edo , both in North Port and Charlotte County , ” Sheriff Bill Prummell said in a statement . “ This was not the outcome we had hoped for , and our thoughts and prayers are with the handler and their family at this time . ”
Investigators are working to figure out if K9 Edo got out or was removed from their kennel .
K9 Edo served the Charlotte County Sheriff 's Office for two years .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
What 12 months it has been for Chris Martin , who joined Reading on loan on deadline day .
Turn the clock back to January last year and Derby County were desperate to try and prise the striker away from their season-long loan at Fulham .
Steve McClaren , Derby manager at the time , wanted to bring Martin back but they were thwarted because of the absence of a recall clause in the deal .
The only way it could happen was if all three parties - Derby , Fulham and the player agreed - but Fulham dug their heels in and Martin stayed for the rest of the campaign .
Their goals helped Fulham to reach the play offs where they lost to Reading but their future clearly lay at Derby , so much so that they signed a new three-and-a-half year contract with the Rams in the January .
Martin had been a key player in McClaren 's first spell as manager .
The Scottish international was the focal point of the attack in a 4-3-3 system and very much the go-to man for goals . They were top scorer in three consecutive seasons , bagging 61 in total .
They were such a crucial cog in the wheel that their injury in the latter months of the 2014-15 season was a significant factor in Derby 's promotion bid crumbling .
When Nigel Pearson took charge in the summer of 2016 , they saw the Rams team shaping up differently and allowed Martin to go out on loan .
Once back at Derby , we waited to see where they fitted into new boss Gary Rowett 's plans .
Martin started the opening two Championship fixtures against Sunderland and Wolverhampton Wanderers but the old problems of the 4-3-3 formation emerged and Rowett opted for change .
They switched to 4-2-3-1 , David Nugent came in for Martin , and Matej Vydra was placed in the No.10 role , clearly their preferred and best position , behind Nugent .
The Rams beat Preston and Bolton , and although they slipped up away to Sheffield United , they then thumped Hull City 5-0 at Pride Park Stadium .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
The Nugent-Vydra pairing has pretty much been the first-choice partnership since and Martin 's starts have been limited to only five in the League and another couple in the Carabao Cup .
Rowett has opted for a quicker and more mobile front four in a 4-2-3-1 and Martin , very much the number one striker in previous seasons , had slipped behind Nugent , Vydra , Sam Winnall and Cameron Jerome by the time they linked up with Reading yesterday .
Martin has made only five starts in the League this season and 25 appearances in total , but the goals have dried up . Their only goal came in a 4-2 home defeat by Reading in November – and that was their first for Derby since April 2016 .
They can be a clever link player , especially with players running off them and beyond them ( as Craig Bryson did so well a few years back ) . Martin possesses quality but they need to be playing regularly in order to get the best from them and that was unlikely to happen at Derby . Cameo appearances from the bench does not really suit him .
( Image : Nathan Stirk/Getty Images )
A move in January appeared likely for some time and is probably in the best interests of both parties .
The challenge facing Martin now is to prove that their best days are not behind him .
Can they start games on a regular basis , and can they rediscover the form and goals that made them one of the Championship the hottest properties for three seasons ?
Pakistan 's 70th Independence Day was celebrated with full zeal at the residence of ambassador of Pakistan in Tehran on Monday .
A large number of Pakistani community participated in the celebrations .
Ambassador Asif Durrani hoisted the national flag accompanied by the national anthem . The messages of the president and the prime minister were read out on the occasion .
The ambassador , highlighting the historical importance of the day , paid tributes to the founding father of the nation Qauid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah and other leaders of the Pakistan movement whose sacrifices led to the creation of an independent country in South Asia .
While congratulating the Pakistani community on the 70th independence anniversary of Pakistan , the ambassador urged them to renew their commitment to serve the country with dedication . “ During the past seven decades , Pakistan has faced multiple challenges , but with the grace of Almighty Allah , Pakistan has succeeded in overcoming these challenges and embarked on a journey towards a modern , liberal , progressive and tolerant democratic society . ”
Commenting on Pakistan-Iran relations , Durrani said the relations between the two countries have very deep religious , cultural and historical bonds and anchored in strong foundation . They expressed hope that these relations will grow further under the present leadership of the two countries .
Students from Pakistan International School in their speeches paid homage to the father of the nation and the leaders of the freedom movement . A group of children presented national songs on the occasion .
Congress president Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday exuded confidence that the Congress-JD ( S ) government in Karnataka will act on its promise of waiving farm loans in its budget and make the state a “ beacon of hope ” for farmers in the country .
Chief Minister H D Kumaraswamy will present the state budget on Thursday .
“ On the eve of the Karnataka Budget , I 'm confident our Congress-JDS coalition Government will act on our commitment to waive farmer loans and to make farming more profitable .
“ This budget is an opportunity for our Government to make Karnataka a beacon of hope for farmers all across India , ” they tweeted .
On the eve of the Karnataka Budget , I 'm confident our Congress-JDS coalition Govt will act on our commitment to waive farmer loans & to make farming more profitable . This budget is an opportunity for our Govt . to make Karnataka a beacon of hope for farmers all across India . — Rahul Gandhi ( @ RahulGandhi ) July 4 , 2018
The Kumaraswamy-led Congress-JD ( S ) government is expected to announce a crop loan waiver in its budget to relieve farmers of their distress due to drought for successive years .
The British theatre director appointed as creative director for Galway 's European Capital of Culture in 2020 has resigned less than a year into their contract .
Chris Baldwin , who was appointed to the post last July , leaves the organisation “ by mutual agreement ” , the Galway 2020 board said in a statement on Wednesday .
The board said it has made a “ number of key personnel changes ” with three new appointments as its programme moves from “ planning to implementation phase ” .
Confirmation of Mr Baldwin 's resignation by the board ended several weeks of speculation about the role .
The €110,000 creative director post had been advertised in December 2016 and offered to Mr Baldwin early last summer .
They were previously curator of interdisciplinary performance for Wroclaw , Poland , a 2016 European Capital of Culture .
The director , writer and curator wrote and directed two pieces of work for the 2012 London Olympics , also worked in Bulgaria and east Germany , taught at a number of European universities , and is best known for their interest in large scale site-specific performances .
Mr Baldwin has not responded to requests from The Irish Times for comment .
On Tuesday evening , former mayor of Galway Fine Gael councillor Padraig Conneely said there was a “ confidence crisis ” over the future of the Galway 2020 European Capital of Culture project , and called on city manager Brendan McGrath to confirm “ if creative director Chris Baldwin was resigning , or had already done so ” .
Mr McGrath told a Galway City Council strategic policy committee meeting chaired by Cllr Conneely that they had “ complete confidence ” in Galway 2020 , of which they were a board member .
Galway 2020 had confirmed earlier this month that Mr Baldwin had been on sick leave for some weeks and was due to return to work on May 18th .
The board said in its statement on Wednesday that it would like to “ thank them for their contribution to date and wish them well in to the future ” .
Cultural producers
It said : “ Planning for the next phase of Galway 2020 has begun with the appointment of three new cultural producers in the areas of : the visual arts , the flagship programme ‘ Small Towns Big Ideas ' and audience development . ”
The board said Liz Kelly had been appointed as a “ hands-on producer with Small Towns Big Ideas , working with communities throughout Galway county and city ” .
It announced Kate Howard as Galway 2020 's new visual arts curator to oversee and curate the visual arts programme , while Craig Flaherty , formerly of Druid Theatre , has been appointed as its audience development and programme producer .
“ Following these changes the board of Galway 2020 has reviewed the composition of the cultural leadership required to deliver an exciting and innovative world class programme and will make an announcement on this in the coming weeks , ” it said .
The statement said that the full programme for Galway 2020 would be published later this year , and said there was “ an exciting line up of national and international events planned in the lead up to and throughout 2020 ” .
“ Elements of the programme have already begun , ” it said , with the Small Town Big Ideas project receiving over 150 funding applications .
At the strategic policy committee meeting on Tuesday , Cllr Conneely had also raised concerns about the post of Galway 2020 business engagement director , which had been offered to a candidate and then withdrawn a week later .
Cllr Conneely noted that Galway City Council had already invested €3.2 million of a promised €6m in the 2020 project , while Galway County Council had only given €500,000 of its matching €6m pledge .
The project has an overall budget of €45.7m , of which €15m is due to come from the Government . It is proposed that regional , EU and philanthropic sources would make up the balance .
Mayor of Galway Pearce Flannery ( FG ) , who is on the board of Galway 2020 , said recently that they were “ concerned about progress ” in relation to the budget and the position of Galway County Council in paying its share .
'The Economy , Explained ' is sure to lighten the mood Oct. 26 in Campbell Hall
UCSB Arts & Lectures presents the Santa Barbara debut of “ Planet Money LIVE ” , the entertaining and humorous live stage version of National Public Radio 's economics radio show , at 8 p.m. Wednesday , Oct. 26 in UCSB Campbell Hall in a presentation titled “ The Economy , Explained . ”
Did somebody just say economics ? Do n't worry ! Once these lively explicators get started , they keep things witty , easy to understand and rolling along .
The economic crisis has been discussed up and down , left and right , yet many of us still do n't know how we actually got from bad mortgages to a global economic meltdown . If you 're ready for answers on a human level , the charismatic team of This American Life 's Alex Blumberg and NPR 's Adam Davidson offer a fun stage show explaining the economic crisis in human terms .
It 's Planet Money LIVE , a clever look at where we are and where we 're going . Adapted from one of NPR 's most popular podcasts and most listened-to segments on This American Life .
Whether they 're discussing the unemployment rate or the cost to produce a hit pop song , the team is known for their unique ability to explain even the most complex economic issues in a way that 's entertaining and clear to even the most diverse listening audience .
Tickets are $ 20 for the general public and $ 10 for UCSB students with a valid ID . For tickets or more information , click here or call 805.893.3535 .
— Karna Hughes is a senior writer and publicist for UCSB Arts & Lectures .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Having frittered so many points this season from winning positions , how satisfying it was to see West Brom turn the tables on Liverpool .
And for so many reasons .
Partly because it was a comeback that typified the togetherness and spirit Darren Moore has instilled since taking over as caretaker manager .
Because it was only the second time this season Albion had successfully wiped out a deficit - and what a way to do it .
Because it rescued a result that just about kept West Brom alive and extended Moore 's unbeaten record .
And because it left Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp seething .
Their barbed comments after the match were akin to a spoilt brat when they do n't get their own way .
For whatever reason , the petulant German seems to have developed a strong disliking for West Brom .
Perhaps it dates back to their touchline feud with Tony Pulis at Anfield in December 2015 .
Klopp snubbed Pulis , after watching Divock Origi score a fortuitous 95th minute equaliser , and proceeded to orchestrate a team celebration in front of the Kop .
Perhaps it stems from Klopp 's struggles with the Baggies .
Klopp has won only two of seven games against Albion and not one of three encounters this season .
And so the Reds boss was the very antithesis of good grace , dignity and respect in their post-match press conference .
They accused West Brom of drying out the pitch to stunt their team 's free-flowing football and of relying on set-pieces as “ the only situations they had ” .
The former Borussia Dortmund boss also slammed referee Stuart Attwell for leaning towards Albion on big decisions .
And , in the vein of a stroppy five-year-old , implied Albion should have rolled over because a draw was no good for either team .
“ It 's like a complete waste of points , they do n't need it , we would have needed it , ” they said .
“ They are all happy now , we are not happy . We stay in the league , they do n't stay in the league .
“ It 's kind of a strange situation . A useless comeback . ”
Klopp did at least admit they would not have trotted out the dry pitch line had their team won .
For all their spiteful accusations , Klopp had a point about their team being denied a penalty early in the second half .
Attwell ruled Craig Dawson and Ings , the ( scorer ) of Liverpool 's fourth minute opener , had accidentally collided .
Replays showed a clear move from Dawson to impede Ings as they chased down a loose ball inside the box .
Ahmed Hegazi was also lucky to escape punishment for a dig into Ings ' midriff midway through the second half .
Hegazi had an uncomfortable afternoon and was given the run around by close friend and compatriot Mohamed Salah .
Salah 's record-equalling 31st Premier League goal of the season looked to have wrapped up the points 18 minutes from time .
But there 's a new resolve about Albion under Moore .
And they came roaring back through Jake Livermore 's first goal for the club and a Salomon Rondon header in the 89th minute .
“ Even when we got back in the game at 2-1 we had to make sure they did n't break away and score a third , ” Moore said .
“ At the same time we were chasing to get back in the game . We had to be ultra-careful and absolutely sure in defence we had cover .
“ But it was really deserved and towards the end I think you saw an atmosphere in the ground willing , wanting and believing we could get the second goal .
“ Us on the bench , the staff and the subs , definitely had that belief .
“ We 've all experienced what can happen when you have that will and drive and what can be achieved through it . ”
Five points from three games makes you wonder what Albion might have achieved had Moore been given their opportunity sooner .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
At last weekend 's NC Top 80 , scouts and reporters flocked to sit court-side anytime when 6-4 sophomore Jaden Springer was performing . Whether it was a game , a skill drill or just watching them perfo ...
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:28 Atascadero 's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:30 How Cambria 's colorful , often kooky , scarecrows are made
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher dies at age 60
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
Mothers who over eat during the period when they are breastfeeding may have children who are at increased risk of becoming obese and going through early puberty , a new study of mice suggests .
Early puberty may lead to increased risk of diabetes or reproductive problems later in life , according to the research , presented at the Endocrine Society 's 100th annual meeting in Chicago .
A lead researcher and graduate research assistant at the University of Toledo College of Medicine and Life Sciences in Toledo , Ohio , Mengjie Wang said they discovered that when breastfeeding mothers do not eat a moderate and healthy diet , there can be increased risks of various health problems in the offspring .
“ Formula feeding is well known to increase the risk of obesity in children . Our findings suggest , however , that when breastfeeding mothers do not eat a moderate and healthy diet , there can also be increased risks of various health problems in the offspring , including obesity , diabetes , advanced puberty and reduced fertility , ”
Wang noted that all over the world , puberty is starting earlier than it did in the past . “ Childhood obesity , a common health issue , is one of the risk factors for early puberty , ” they said . “ Previous evidence from animals has revealed that post-weaning overeating advances the timing of puberty , but we lack knowledge of how nutrition before weaning influences metabolism and reproduction . So this idea must be tested in humans to know whether it applies to our species . ”
To determine how excess body weight alters the timing of puberty , Wang gave mice a high-fat-diet from the date they gave birth and started breastfeeding until they weaned their pups . A second group of new mother mice was given a regular diet for the same amount of time .
Wang found that overfeeding the mothers during breastfeeding can cause obesity in the pups and significantly advance the start of their puberty .
“ These results show that the breast-feeding phase is a critical window that influences when puberty happens , ” Wang said .
Fertility tests of the mice in adulthood showed that those whose mothers had been fed a high-fat diet while breastfeeding had decreased litter size , longer duration from mating to date of birth and impaired pregnancy rate in both female and male mice . The researchers also found these mice suffered from glucose intolerance and insulin insensitivity-signs of an increased risk of developing diabetes during adulthood .
“ Our results reinforce the findings of previous studies that childhood obesity causes advanced puberty and metabolic disorders in adulthood , ” Wang said . “ Correct treatment and follow-up are both important for patients with early puberty . Patients with early puberty should be aware that other health problems may arise after they become adults . ”
Paul Manafort leaves Federal District Court in Washington , Monday , Oct. 30 , 2017 . Manafort , President Donald Trump 's former campaign chairperson , and Manafort 's business associate Rick Gates pleaded not guilty to felony charges of conspiracy against the United States and other counts . Alex Brandon AP
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's not every day when a star from Aussie soap Neighbours turns up in Derby .
But that was the case on May 31 in 2005 – exactly 13 years ago to this day – when legendary character Dr Karl Kennedy ( Alan Fletcher ) made a special visit .
Believe it or not Fletcher is still a regular on the Ramsey Street soap which is now shown on Channel Five here in the UK .
Their character is known for being married to teacher Susan Kennedy and for having two affairs – one with their receptionist Sarah Beaumont and a few years later with fellow street resident Izzy Hoyland .
Back in 2005 Neighbours was shown on BBC Television in its usual 5.35pm slot after the daily round of children 's TV shows which included the likes of Blue Peter , Grange Hill and Byker Grove .
Aside from acting Fletcher was also a vocalist for their group , the Alan Fletcher Band , which was in the middle of a UK tour when they visited Derby .
Quite fittingly , Fletcher and their band mates performed at the Australian-themed Walkabout bar in the Market Place – and as you can see in the video above hundreds were there to see it .
( Image : Derby Telegraph )
The Derby Telegraph also got involved ahead of their big visit by offering ten lucky readers the chance to see them perform live and chat with them in a special question and answer session .
Speaking to the Derby Telegraph Mr Fletcher said : `` This is my first time in Derby and it is fantastic .
“ I 'd like to thank everyone for coming . ”
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Tragedy hit a Mississippi home on Saturday when things got out of control over a video game .
A 13-year-old girl was killed by their 9-year-old brother after they refused to give up their video game controller . Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell said the girl was shot in the back of the head and they later died from their injuries at Le Bonheur 's Children 's Hospital on Sunday .
Authorities still do n't know how the 9-year-old had access to the weapon or how much they knew about the dangers of the gun .
“ This is all new ground for us , we 've never dealt with a kid shooting a kid at age 9 , ” Cantrell said . “ We do n't know yet what kind of charges or if charges will be pressed . We want to make sure we 're doing everything correctly . ”
The sheriff said the investigation will not be rushed and they hope to keep the identities of the family under wraps , according to Clarion Ledger .
We 'll keep you updated if more major info surfaces .
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
ROCK SPRINGS — Recently the Eastside Eagles raised money for Joel Chambers who is fighting Lyme Disease .
“ The class who donated the heaviest buckets of change won pizza parties and cookies . Thanks to Ace Hardware for donating the buckets ! All together the Eastside Eagles raised 286 pounds of change or $ 1,266.80 ! ” – Christina Kopp
Pounds of change collected by the teams :
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:31 On election night , Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
5:10 Tour the oasis of tiki power couple Wendy and Dan Cevola
John Essey and family live in a modest , two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh . From the outside , it looks like any other house in the neighborhood , but this house has a brain .
`` It knows we 're home . Doors unlock , [ it ] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too , turns on lights , sets the thermostat accordingly , '' Essey says .
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things . They can control their lights with their Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he 's installed throughout the home . Sensors tell them when there 's water in the basement or a leak under the sink .
While Essey 's setup might sound a little like science fiction it 's a prototype of the future . Some critics are worried these devices wo n't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money .
Gierad Laput , a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University , says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives , there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes .
`` One way is basically to buy all the appliances , smart oven , smart dishwasher , smart microwave , smart toaster , all these things , '' Laput says .
But that stuff is really expensive . Smart refrigerators can cost $ 3,000 or more . And Laput said those devices do n't always talk to each other , especially if they 're made by different manufacturers .
The other way is to get sensors , and put them on everything you want to monitor .
`` But then those get really unwieldy and you 've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive , '' Laput says .
So Laput and their team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room . And they did . It does n't look like much ; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall . The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment : vibrations , sounds , light color and so on . The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer , which interprets everything it picks up .
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender . Almost immediately , a text box saying `` blender running '' popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender 's vibration .
Laput turned on a light , and the screen said , `` light on . ''
Laput says they imagine both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor . It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you 're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own .
But critics say there 's a catch .
`` Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet . Companies make money spying on you , '' says Bruce Schneier , an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM 's cybersecurity arm . `` When the app says I can detect when you 're out of paper towels , they 're not doing it for your best interest , they 're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels . ''
Schneier pointed to Roomba , the little automated vacuum from iRobot . The company 's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home , raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit . The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented .
But on top of the issue of surveillance , Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just are n't prioritizing security .
`` We 're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it , '' they say .
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data , brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world .
But arms and legs can kick and punch , and more eyes and ears — like Laput 's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating .
Text My Main Number is a renowned landline texting service provider that offers the best landline texting for business services to its clients worldwide . Recently , the company announced the launch of the mobile application of text to landline for its clients . The mobile app is live in Google Play Store ( https : //play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.textmymainnumber.app ) . The app is launched only for Android device users as of now , but according to the shared details , it will be soon available for iOS users as well .
“ We are very happy to launch the first version of our text to landline app . At the moment , we have launched the Android app only , but soon we will be launching the iOS app as well . We are very happy and excited to see the feedback of our users. ” , shared spokesperson of the company .
The text to landline app of Text My Main Number has basic features as of now that can be used by its users to perform following actions :
• Read messages sent to the business landline or toll free number
• Respond to the received SMS to landline
• Send a new SMS / MMS to any saved contact or number
• Contact book to manage contacts in the text to landline app
• Reports to see logs of all sent / received / scheduled messages
“ At the moment , we are providing simple and the most basic features . Of course , we will be adding auto reply , Interactive Text Response and other advanced features in the upcoming versions of our text to landline application. ” , shared Ash Vyas , Director of Operations , Text My Main Number .
They further added , “ Please do n't get confused about the usage of landline texting . This app is only for our customers who are using the landline texting for business . The customers of our customer will not need this app to access messages sent to them from a text-enabled landline number . It means if you have a text enabled your landline or toll free number , then you can use this app to access /respond the messages that you have received on your landline number . You can also use the responsive web app of text to landline from your mobile device . Your customers do n't need to download this app as they will receive the messages in their inbuilt SMS app . This is just an add-on to meet our customer 's expectations . ”
According to the shared details , the businesses that are using landline texting for business can use this app optionally , if they are more comfortable with a mobile app than a browser based web app . The text to landline app is available for free in the Google Play Store . However , to use it the business needs to use the landline texting service of Text My Main Number .
About Text My Main Number
It is a leading landline texting company based in New York , USA . The company offers never seen before landline texting features in its app . The company also offers a risk free trial . For more details , visit http : //textmymainnumber.com/
Global UV Light Stabilizers Market was valued at $ 310 million in 2016 and is expected to reach $ 631.5 million by 2024 , having a CAGR of 9.5 % during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024 . In 2016 , the HALS segment gained the highest revenue share in the global UV light stabilizers market .
The increasing use of refrigerators and air conditioners , has significantly led to the rising level of UV radiation due to the release of gases affecting the ozone layer . According to United Nations Environment Program , a sustained 1 % depletion of ozone layer will trigger 2-3 % increase in incidences of skin cancer . The increasing UV radiation owing to the enhanced usability of gas emitting equipment , supplements the growth of UV light stabilizers market . UV light stabilizers are used as coating substrates that minimize the harmful effect of UV radiation . Therefore , manufactures use UV light stabilizers to protect components that are exposed to UV radiation in an effort to prevent damage and avoid losses .
Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https : //www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/uv-light-stabilizers-market/request-sample
Market Determinants
The global UV light stabilizers market has witnessed growth in the recent years due to the advancements in technology . The prime factor driving the growth of global UV light stabilizers market is its application in the agriculture and non-agriculture sectors such as polyhouses , construction , packaging , etc . Moreover , the soaring levels of UV radiations and increasing awareness regarding its harmful effects are fueling the market growth . According to the Environmental Protection Agency , exposure to ozone levels greater than 70 parts per billion for 8 hours or longer is unhealthy . Such concentrations occur in or near cities during periods where the atmosphere is warm and stable . However , the high investment costs , complexities faced during manufacturing , and expensive products act as the major hurdles in the growth of the market . Whereas , advancements in nanotechnology and its penetration in the coating industry is expected to create huge opportunities for the growth of market in the coming years .
MARKET DETERMINANTS-IMPACT ANALYSIS ( 2016-2024 )
Market Determinants-Impact Analysis
Segment Analysis
The global UV light stabilizers market is segmented on the basis of product type , application , and geography . By product type , the market is segmented into UV absorbers , Hindered Amine Light Stabilizers ( HALS ) , and quenchers . On the basis of application , the market is segmented as flooring , furniture , decking , automobile , and others . Geography wise , the market is segmented into North America , Europe , Asia-Pacific , and Rest of the World . Asia-Pacific was the largest UV light stabilizers market in terms of revenue , by holding nearly more than 50 % shares of the market , in 2016 . It is expected to maintain its dominance and grow with a CAGR of 9.73 % from 2017-2024 .
FURNITURE UV LIGHT STABILIZERS MARKET BY REGION , 2016-2024
Furniture Uv Light Stabilizers Market By Region
Some reputed players in the market are ALTANA AG ( BYK-Chemie GmbH ) , BASF SE , Akcros Chemicals Ltd. , Cytec Industries , Inc. , Mayzo , Inc. , Chemtura Corporation , AkzoNobel N.V. , Everlight Chemical Industrial Co. , Clariant Ltd. and Lycus Ltd. BASF SE agreed to buy a polyamides business from Solvay SA for $ 1.9 billion after getting a formal consent from Koch Industries Inc. , which has a joint venture with Solvay in the high-margin polyamides segment , to move ahead with the acquisition . The acquisition is expected to boost BASF 's presence in engineered plastics for car .
GLOBAL UV LIGHT STABILIZERS MARKET SEGMENTATION
By Product type
UV Absorbers
Hindered Amine Light Stabilizers ( HALS )
Quenchers
By Application
Flooring
Decking
Automobile
Furniture
Others
By Geography
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
Rest of the World
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
ALTANA AG ( BYK-Chemie GmbH )
BASF SE
Akcros Chemicals Ltd .
Cytec Industries Inc .
Mayzo Inc .
Chemtura Corporation
AkzoNobel N.V .
Everlight Chemical Industrial Co .
Clariant Ltd .
Lycus Ltd .
Request for Customized Report @ https : //www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/uv-light-stabilizers-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity , extensive research , and infallibility . We provide syndicated market research reports , customization services , and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges . We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics .
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world . A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments . The research reports offering market forecasts , market entry strategies , and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential .
Contact
Address : Sr. No.8/2A/1 , Vitthal Heights , Above Yashwant , Kharadi , Pune-411014
Tel : +91-20-65606016
Email : help @ esticastresearch.com
Web : https : //www.esticastresearch.com
Two people were injured Thursday afternoon in a collision on Highway 101 near Santa Maria , according to the California Highway Patrol .
The accident occurred about 1:40 p.m. , when a vehicle rear-ended a green BMW driving on the right shoulder just south of the Stowell Road offramp , according to CHP dispatch .
One vehicle ended up in the center divider .
One person sustained major injuries and the other moderate , according to dispatch traffic .
The CHP advised Santa Maria police to close the northbound Betteravia Road onramp .
No other details were available while crews clear the scene .
Check back with Noozhawk for more information .
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
In the past , leasing in the Rock Springs Field Office has been deferred because the Resource Management Plan ( RMP ) is being revised . However , the Department of Interior released new guidance for oil and gas leasing . The new policy , Instruction Memorandum 2018-034 , will streamline the leasing process in western states , resulting in more leases .
The policy does not require the BLM to defer leasing when a RMP amendment or revision is still underway . This is particularly problematic for the Rock Springs Field Office , where most of the 4th quarter leases will be for sale and where the RMP is still not complete . So far , nearly 700,000 acres have been proposed for leasing . If the leases are sold , the public loses the ability to decide which areas will be leased in the new management plan .
The management of the Glutathione Company in Ghana , Max International , has given an assurance that the company would motivate intellectually disabled athletes in the country to hone their potentials in sports more meaningfully by providing annual financial support to the Board of Special Olympics Ghana .
This , the management noted , would enable such athletes to develop their potentials and also participate in international tournaments to market themselves and the country in various ways
The country manager of Max International , Mr Terle Kwame Menelik , gave the assurance when they presented a cheque for GH¢10,000.00 in response to an appeal by the Board of Special Olympics Ghana for sponsorship to enable intellectually disabled athletes participate in the 2017 Austria Winter World Games .
Twelve intellectually disabled athletes have been selected to participate in Floorball Games during the tournament scheduled between March 14 and 25 this year .
However , less than four weeks for the tournament to take off , Special Olympics Ghana are still struggling to raise funds for their airfare and other essentials that would enhance their participation .
Describing the intellectually disabled athletes as inspiration to Max International and their associates , Mr. Tekle said their participation in major international tournaments had been a source of pride to them .
“ Participating in such major competitions make them achieve fulfilment and I believe in the athlete because they inspire us and our associates , ” they stressed .
The Board Chairman of Special Olympics Ghana , ACP Augustine Kokukorkor ( retd ) , who received the cheque on behalf of the Board commended Max International for their gesture and appealed to other corporate bodies to support .
“ We are gratified to Max International for their assurance to sponsor us anytime we participate in international tournaments , “ he said , assuring them that they would do their best to win the ultimate during the Austria World Games .
“ It is an opportunity for the athletes to express themselves and inspire the world that they can also do well when offered the needed support , ” they stressed .
How to take full advantage and benefit from the last part of Ramadan ? Though all parts of Ramadan are full of…
Fatihu Beita No comments
The decision by Sinn Féin to impose a three-month suspension on a senator for retweeting a malicious post about a prison officer murdered by the IRA has been strongly criticised by Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil .
The party suspended Dublin-based Senator Máire Devine after they retweeted a post by the anonymous @ rnerrionstreet Twitter account referring to Brian Stack as a “ sadist prison officer ” .
Mr Stack , a senior officer in Portlaoise prison , was shot in Dublin in 1983 by a member of the IRA . They died 18 months later .
Sinn Féin leader Mary Lou McDonald said the party had “ zero tolerance for actions that bring grief to victims and their families ” .
“ Senator Devine understands they made a catastrophic error of judgement in retweeting something that came from a false account , ” they said . “ Her bigger mistake was not to automatically delete the tweet and not to have automatically apologised . ”
Senator Devine has since apologised , saying it was never their intention to cause distress . Mr Stack 's son Austin said the tweet was “ disgusting , ” and the party should expel them
Fianna Fáil foreign affairs spokesperson Darragh O'Brien referred to Barry McElduff , who resigned as an MP in January after posting an offensive video on the anniversary of the 1976 Kingsmill massacre . “ There seems to be a tolerance where it is okay to besmirch a a person 's character and their memory , ” they said .
Fine Gael Senator Neale Richmond said : “ There 's a wider issue where Sinn Féin representatives think it 's okay to make light of our not so distant past . ”
Desperate Farnsfield 's attempts to stave off the threat of relegation in the Notts Premier League suffered a hammer-blow in a heavy defeat at mid-table Hucknall on Saturday .
Despite the presence of a current Notts player , Brett Hutton , and a former one , Paul Franks , in their ranks , Farnsfield lost by 147 runs and remain firmly entrenched in the bottom three of the table , six points above Welbeck and 15 above Attenborough , with four games to play .
Hutton took 2-48 with the ball , and later top scored with the bat , making 32 , but it was another Notts man , Jake Libby , who guided Hucknall to their triumph , hitting 64 in their side 's total of 210 .
Mark Hallam led a Farnsfield fightback with 4-58 from 12 overs , but 34 from Scott Harris enabled the hosts to set a fair target , which proved way beyond the brittle visitors . They crashed to 63 all out in 23.4 overs with Franks ( ten ) the only other player to muster double figures . Of the Hucknall bowlers , Geoff Dods ( 3-16 ) caused the early problems before Suhail Ahmed wrapped up the innings with four wickets in 30 balls .
Welbeck did their survival chances no good in a six-wicket defeat at high-riding West Indian Cavaliers . As Shahzada Khan took 5-19 , they were rolled over for 130 , despite 36 from Tom Lungley , before Cavs eased home on the back of 42no from another ex-Notts man , Bilal Shafayat . Mansfield Hosiery Mills pulled off a terrific six-wicket win in the last over at Kimberley thanks to an unbeaten 129 from captain Tom New and 68 from Mark Smallwood in a stand of 165 that enabled them to chase down the hosts ' total of 247-9 .
At the top of the table , relieved reigning champions Cuckney survived a scare to maintain their 17-point lead with four matches to play .
Taking on bottom-of-the-table Attenborough , Cuckney were reduced to 114-7 at one stage , despite 31 from James Hawley . But they recovered to a total of 203-9 in the hands of Daniel Wood , whose 55 took them past 1,000 NPL runs , and tailenders Simon Mugava , who blasted 34no from 15 balls , and Arosh Janoda ( 27 ) .
It proved more than enough because Attenborough were bundled out for 143 , even though opener Byron Hancock stayed 80 balls for a stubborn 40 and took the score to 80-2 at one point with the the help of Dominic Harvey ( 31 ) .
Once Hawley ( 2-35 ) had removed them both , Cuckney seized the initiative , and the rest of the wickets fell to Janoda ( 4-26 in 9.4 overs ) , Mugava ( 2-26 ) and Notts bowler Luke Wood ( 2-37 in 12 overs ) .
Russian President and Presidential candidate Vladimir Putin delivers a speech at their election headquarters in Moscow , Russia March 18 , 2018 . Source : Sergei Chirkov via Reuters
13 Social Buzz
CHINESE President Xi Jinping and their Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin spoke on the phone on Monday to congratulate each other on respective election wins and pledge to deepen ties between the two countries .
According to the Chinese Communist Party mouthpiece Xinhua , Xi said that under their respective leadership the two countries had increased their strategic partnership to the “ best level ” in history and had built a “ new type ” of international relations based on mutual respect , fairness and justice .
“ I have met with Mr. President many times , and we have jointly led China-Russia ties to withstand the test of the fluctuating international situation and reach the best level in history , ” said Xi as quoted by Xinhua .
SEE ALSO : Xi Jinping movie a box office smash – because people are forced to watch it
Both countries were in a “ crucial period of national development and rejuvenation , ” they said .
On Sunday , Putin won their biggest ever election victory with more than 75 percent of the vote . They have led Russia as president or prime minister since 1999 .
Their victory , which comes at a time when their relations with the West are on a hostile trajectory , will extend their political dominance of Russia by six years to 2024 . That will make them the longest-serving ruler since Soviet dictator Josef Stalin and has raised Western fears of spiralling confrontation .
Last week , Xi was unanimously re-elected by the 2,970 deputies of Chinese parliament as President for a second five-year term . Amendments to the constitution have recently removed term limits and inserted Xi 's personal political theory into the constitution , making them the most powerful leader since Mao Zedong .
Xi 's face dominated the front pages of major Sunday newspapers , many carrying the same editorial from the ruling Communist Party 's official People 's Daily using language once more associated with Mao to say they were a “ leader loved and respected by the people ” and “ helmsman of the country ” .
SEE ALSO : China bans letter ‘ N ' online to suppress criticism of Xi Jinping
Xinhua reported that Putin again congratulated Xi on Monday , saying that their election by the National People 's Congress proved the President 's “ high prestige ” and support from “ all the Chinese people . ”
“ Thanks to your promotion in person , the Russia-China comprehensive strategic cooperative partnership is at the highest level in history , ” the Russian President was quoted as saying .
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying was quoted by state-run newspaper the Global Times as saying : “ according to the routine of annual exchange visits between leaders of the two countries , Russian president will visit China this year and both sides will closely coordinate this through diplomatic channels . ”
Additional reporting from Reuters .
Are you a saver or a spender ?
I 'm a bit of both . You ca n't take it with you . My father , who died two years ago , taught me the value of that . But I always try to have a little stash in the piggy bank for the unknown . We ca n't always anticipate what lies around the corner , and it 's best to be prepared for it . Do you shop around for better value ?
I definitely will seek out good quality at a good price . If something seems overpriced I 'm happy to walk away without buying it . What might look like the best value for money is not always the case , and I 'd rather have less of a quality item than lots of something of bad quality . What has been your most extravagant purchase and how much did it cost ?
It was super extravagant , but it made me so happy – a Porsche Boxter I bought back in the good old days ! It was second-hand , but it still cost me €36,000 ! It was my pride and joy – metallic navy with a tan leather interior , absolute luxury . I was very lucky that my design business allowed me to indulge in something so timeless and beautiful .
What purchase have you made that you consider the best value for money ?
Our home . We 're very thankful that we have one to call our own . We just repainted it a classic old school Georgian pale/warm shade of pink , and have fallen in love with it all over again . The house is a few hundred years old : it 's our sanctuary , and the best value for money investment we 've ever made . How do you prefer to shop – online or local ?
Local for food -– the butchers , the fishmongers , the fruit and veg shop and then the local supermarket for everything else . You end up having chats with great characters , which I love . I tend to buy most of the baby stuff online . We have a six-month-old baby boy constantly in need of new things like a high chair , water beakers they can chew on and an endless supply of bibs to catch the dribble , milk and food . Do you haggle overprices ?
I would a bit on big-ticket items if I think the price is more than it should be or the price is beyond my budget . I 'm not afraid to say what my budget is and ask if the seller can do it for that price . If I think the price is fair , I would immediately honour the seller and pay it .
At the end of the day , most people are just trying to pay their way . As an artist , I am very aware of how subjective value can be . Has the recession changed your spending habits ?
Yes . It taught me to be more selective with my purchases . Do I really need it ? If the answer is no , then I leave it . Do you invest in shares ?
No . Cash or card ?
Card . I am really bad at carrying money around . I 'm forever losing things , and there 's nothing worse than losing money like that ! What was the last thing you bought and was it good value for money ?
Some Rathborne candles for our dining table and hallway . They are designer looking but not too expensive . The smell is gorgeous and they last forever . Have you ever successfully saved up for a relatively big purchase ?
A deposit for my first house . It felt like a huge achievement , I could n't believe I managed to do it . Have you ever lost money ?
My wallet was stolen in Tokyo when I was over there on my own with work . I could n't speak Japanese , did n't know anyone and my phone did n't work there . Thankfully , I found $ 20 in my pocket and was able to make a call to get it sorted , but it was a horrible experience . Are you a gambler and , if so , have you ever had a big win ?
No ! I 've never been into betting – and I was artist in residence at the Curragh for two years , so I could probably have gleaned a few great tips . There 's a lost opportunity !
Is money important to you ?
Yes , in that we all need it to pay our bills , but I 've learned to not let money and possessions own me . How much money do you have on you now ?
Not a red cent . Just the visa debit and credit cards in my wallet .
in conversation with Tony Clayton-Lea
Jake Anderson is one of the stars of The Deadliest Catch , and this season , fans are becoming even better acquainted with the fishing captain .
Here 's what you should know about Captain Jake Anderson :
1 . They Are a Fourth Generation Fisherman
Jake made their Deadliest Catch debut during season three in 2007 . They were born in Forks , Washington , and raised in the fishing town of Anacortes , Washington .
Anderson began fishing salmon in Alaska at age 17 .
2 . Their Father Was Murdered and Their Sister Passed Away
Jake 's father , Keith A. Anderson , vanished on January 6 , 2010 .
Their family reported them missing after they did not return home from a trip . According to Komo News , Keith 's phone and truck were found about two weeks after they were reported missing , in a desolate area . Eventually , Keith 's remains were found about one mile from where their truck had been located .
Jake 's sister , Chelsea Dawn Anderson , passed away in 2009 . According to their obituary , Chelsea passed away from complications with pneumonia .
Jake was abord the Northwestern when they heard about their sister 's passing . Shortly after their passing , Jake got a tattoo with their face and a halo .
3 . They Have Overcome a Drug Addiction
Anderson has been very open about their struggle with drugs .
At 19 , Jake broke their ankle , according to goanacortes.com , it was this incident that led to them drinking and pot . “ He continued in a downward spiral , getting into harder drugs such as cocaine and methamphetamine . ”
Jake was able to give up meth , but before long , they were addicted to painkillers . They have now been sober since July 10 , 2009 . Jake explains to The Deadliest Catch that it was the death of their sister that forced them to clean up for good .
Jake spent many episodes of The Deadliest Catch getting sober while on the boat . “ The guys had no choice but to buck up and work , and needed to focus on what we needed to do — which is make money , ” Sig tells DC cameras . Luckily , Jake was able to get their act together and earn themselves a spot on the Northwestern .
They tell The Deadliest Catch cameras , “ I just wanted to be part of them . ”
4 . They Are a Skateboarder
When they are n't busy exploring the open seas , Anderson is a skateboarder . He 's sponsored by DVS Shoes .
In an interview with the company , they explained that they bought their first pair of DVS shoes in 1998 . Asked what shoe they picked and why , they said , “ I picked Torey Mid . I have always been into skating ever since I was a kid . I can actually work and wear these on the boat , instead of being able to wear them around town . Yes I hooked up the whole NW crew with the shoes and they 're hyped . ”
Anderson began skateboarding at age 13 in Los Angeles . At age 19 , they began skating for local shops . And how did crab fishing come along ? Jake says , “ I could n't skate anymore and could n't pay my bills . It was my plan b . ”
5 . They Are Married with a Son
Anderson and their wife , Jenna , live in Seattle . They married in 2012 . Constantly busy with work , Jake was present for Aiden 's birth , but had to leave just two days later for Alaska .
Like Jake , Jenna is a former skateboarder , also sponsored by DVS shoes . J
PLAYER : Demetrius Burns
POSITION : QB
SCHOOL : Homestead Everglades Prep
CLASS : 2019
HEIGHT : 6-0
WEIGHT : 190
SCOUTING : If we learned one thing when it comes to football in South Florida , school size does not matter . It never really has . Here is one of the fast-emerging quarterback prospects in South Florida , who does n't attend a large school . While they had a tremendous sophomore year , this offseason has certainly been a time for Burns ' stock to rise – with positive showings at combines and at 7-on-7 events . With a strong and accurate arm in addition to being and a very good runner , expect Burns to continue to pick up interest during the spring and into the summer . They are an athlete to keep an eye on over the next two seasons .
TAPE : http : //www.hudl.com/profile/5491062/demetrius-burns
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images ( WASHINGTON ) — Former Arizona Representative Gabby Giffords says they are “ heartbroken ” after a shooter targeted Republican members of Congress Wednesday at an early morning baseball practice in Virginia .
They called the shooting “ an attack on all who serve . ”
Giffords was shot in 2011 at a constituent meeting in the Tucson , Arizona metropolitan area . They sustained brain injuries following the incident , which killed six people and wounded 18 .
Here is their full statement :
“ It does n't matter if you 're a Democrat or a Republican , nor if you 're a senator or a representative , nor a staffer or a sworn officer . If you serve the institution of Congress , you 're connected to your colleagues , current and former , by a shared sense of service to ideals far greater than yourself . This shooting is an attack on all who serve and on all who participate in our democracy .
I am heartbroken for the pain of Congressman Scalise , the other victims , and their family , friends , and colleagues who survived . I am thankful for the great courage of the Capitol Police , who were my protectors after I was shot and became my friends . I also know the courage it takes to recover from a shooting like this , and I know Steve and everyone there this morning has such courage in great supply .
May all Americans come together today with prayers for the survivors , love for their friends and family , and the courage to go about everyday making this country its best . Our nation is resilient , and we always come back stronger . ”
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Ex-CIA Executive to Support RedOwl 's Leadership in Mitigating Insider Risks in the Enterprise
SAN FRANCISCO , CA -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) - RedOwl , the leader in insider risk solutions , today announced the appointment of Mark Kelton to its board of advisors . Kelton , who previously worked as a senior Central Intelligence Agency executive , will lend their expertise in the detection of insider threats and counterintelligence risk , based on their distinguished leadership in intelligence operations .
`` Mark is one of the foremost leaders on insider risk , with unparalleled industry expertise from their years at the CIA , '' said Guy Filippelli , founder and CEO of RedOwl . `` We are thrilled to have them join our board of advisors to help further RedOwl 's mission to minimize insider risk , and support us as we expand our business into new markets . ''
Mr. Kelton most recently served as the Director of Insider Threat Solutions at Cipher Systems . They bring 34 years of experience in intelligence operations to RedOwl , with prior roles as a senior CIA executive , where they directed the CIA 's counterintelligence and counterespionage programs . They also served as Deputy Director of the National Clandestine Service for Counterintelligence ( DDNCS/CI ) , one of the most senior-ranking positions in the Clandestine Service . They hold positions as an adjunct assistant professor at Georgetown University in the Security Studies Program of the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service . They are also a member of the board of advisors of the Daniel Morgan Academy and is on the Insider Threat Subcommittee of the Intelligence and National Security Alliance .
ABOUT REDOWL
RedOwl helps large enterprise and government organizations mitigate insider threats with technology designed for the modern workplace . Information security and regulatory surveillance teams trust our behavioral analytics platform to provide holistic and actionable visibility of all human risk , ranging from common employee data leaks to malicious insider attacks . With offices in Baltimore , New York City , San Francisco , and London , RedOwl 's investors include the Blackstone Group , Allegis Capital , and Conversion Capital . To learn more about RedOwl , visit : https : //redowl.com .
PSG 4 Barcelona 0
Angel Di Maria produced two sublime finishes as Paris St Germain thrashed Barcelona 4-0 at the Parc des Princes , leaving the La Liga giants facing elimination in the last 16 of the Champions League .
The result equalled Barça 's worst in Europe , last achieved by Bayern Munich at the semi-final stage fours years ago , but could easily have been worse as they were outfought , outrun and outclassed .
Former Real Madrid playmaker Di Maria opened the scoring with a fine free-kick on their 29th birthday and curled home a second in between efforts from Julian Draxler and another birthday boy , 30-year-old Edinson Cavani .
Barça 's garlanded side were flat from the off , with the likes of Luis Suarez , Lionel Messi , Sergio Busquets , Andres Iniesta and Gerard Pique reduced to bystanders by a lean , focused PSG display .
When the sides reconvene for the second leg at the Nou Camp , even their very best may not now be good enough to save the tie .
Unai Emery was without the suspended Thiago Motta and the injured Thiago Silva but saw huge performances in their absence , with Champions League debutant Presnel Kimpembe , Marco Veratti and Adrien Rabiot all rivalling the goalscorers .
The home side took control of proceedings quickly , dictating the tempo and probing at the edges of the Barcelona defence .
Sergi Roberto needed to be alert to block Cavani 's shot after Di Maria 's incisive ball over the top and Marc-Andre ter Stegen was twice required in the first 10 minutes .
They responded well on both occasions , racing from their box to dink the ball over the pursuing Blaise Matuidi then saving well from the France midfielder after good work from Rabiot .
The pressure told in the 17th minute after Draxler coaxed a foul from Samuel Umtiti just a couple of yards outside the box . Di Maria struck the ball beautifully , getting their effort up and down in time to leave Ter Stegen no chance .
ADVERTISEMENT
It took Barça time to respond but when they did , thanks to Neymar 's powerful run and pass , it was nearly 1-1 .
With Neymar drawing defenders towards them Andre Gomes found room on the overlap , collecting a measured pass only to see goalkeeper Kevin Trapp divert their shot wide .
A Barça break , predictably orchestrated by Neymar , left them exposed on the counter and PSG came close to a second in the 33rd minute when Draxler breezed past Roberto and struck at the near post . Ter Stegen , flinging a glove to their right , made the save .
They deservedly doubled their advantage before half-time after an off-colour Messi coughed up possession to Rabiot in midfield . Veratti advanced at speed and when they switched the play to Draxler 12 yards out , the German buried their shot .
The second half was even more one-sided , the Spanish giants lethargic and susceptible to PSG 's pace and purpose in attack .
It took them just under 10 minutes to score again , this time building from the back and sweeping aside a tired press from the Barça frontline .
Di Maria was the ultimate target and they were inexplicably allowed to cut in from the right , unchallenged as they moved into shooting range and bent a left-footed effort into the corner .
The tracking may have been lacking , notably from Iniesta , but Di Maria 's execution was superb . Moments later they were gone , replaced by Lucas Moura after a memorable hour 's work .
The fourth felt inevitable and was threatened on several occasions before Thomas Meunier sauntered upfield and slotted in Cavani . With Pique failing to get tight enough , the striker calmly dispatched their shot past Ter Stegen to send the hosts into dreamland .
Umtiti somehow headed against the post from a yard as the lifeline of an away goal evaporated but Luis Enrique 's humbled outfit might easily have walked away with an even more damaging defeat .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are reportedly hunting Barcelona shot stopper Jasper Cillessen .
Jurgen Klopp wants to sign the Catalan giants 's goalkeeper this summer , reports say .
According to Mundo Deportivo , the Reds are desperately seeking a new shot stopper to replace Simon Mignolet and Loris Karius .
After eyeing up Jan Oblak and Alisson Becker , the Dutch international is now on their radar .
Karius could find it hard to stay at Liverpool following their Champions League final blunders , according to former England number one Peter Shilton .
Karius made two second-half howlers in Kiev to effectively hand Real Madrid a third successive Champions League trophy .
The 24-year-old , inconsolable at the final whistle , has apologised to fans , while Merseyside Police are investigating “ threats ” made on social media to the German .
“ If they do stay at Liverpool I hope the fans give them a chance , ” Shilton told Sky Sports News .
“ They 're the sort of fans that would do that , but I think it will be very difficult for them to stay at Liverpool . ”
Karius ' first gaffe saw them throw the ball straight at Karim Benzema , who stuck out a leg to divert it into an empty net and give Real the lead early in the second half .
Liverpool drew level through Sadio Mane four minutes later but , after Real had regained the lead through Gareth Bale 's stunning overhead kick , Karius let the Welshman 's speculative long-range shot slip through their hands for the Spanish club 's third goal .
“ I feel for him , ” Shilton said . “ It was two horrendous mistakes in one of the biggest games in history – certainly for Liverpool anyway , who have n't been to a Champions League final for years .
“ From their point of view , he 's apologised for it , they ca n't do any more than that . But what was going through their mind at the time ? ”
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has backed Karius , who has also received support from their team-mates , but Shilton feels the club will now begin the search for a new goalkeeper .
“ I think the manager will have to look to get a world-class goalkeeper , ” Shilton added .
“ He will have to buy him . Liverpool have struggled in the past two or three seasons with goalkeepers .
“ Karius got in and was very consistent towards the end , we all thought Liverpool had finally solved their goalkeeping problem . But of course , it 's there again now . ”
Shilton , England 's most-capped player , once let a shot slip beneath them in a World Cup qualifier against Poland at Wembley in 1973 .
England drew the game 1-1 but failed to qualify for the 1974 finals in West Germany as a result .
“ As a goalkeeper you ca n't hide , ” Shilton added . “ If an outfield player makes a mistake , a striker misses a couple of chances , it 's easily forgotten . Goalkeeping is different . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa striker Rudy Gestede was in Middlesbrough last night ironing out their £6million move .
Steve Bruce confirmed after the match with Leeds United on Thursday that the club were in talks with a Premier League club regarding a transfer for the 28-year-old frontman .
And the deal is edging nearer to completion after Gestede held advanced talks with Aitor Karanka yesterday .
The deal is likely to be completed in the coming days , meaning they may not be selected for Villa 's match with one of their former clubs today , Cardiff City .
Gestede arrived from Blackburn Rovers in 2015 and scored the winning goal at Bournemouth on their Villa debut . But the goals have n't flowed as they would have liked and they have found themselves out of favour since Bruce 's arrival in October .
Laura Perrins says they were probably a conservative before they knew what the word meant . The prominent 37-year-old Brexiteer , who is originally from Balbriggan , in north Co Dublin , champions a smaller state , opposes same-sex marriage and abortion and , of course , strongly supports the United Kingdom 's departure from the European Union .
Perrins , who is based in London , was a criminal barrister before giving up their job to raise their children ; they now voice their views via the Conservative Woman website , which they coedits , as well as in newspaper columns and on radio and television .
They rose to prominence in 2013 , after the British government cut child benefit and introduced childcare payments . They saw it as discrimination and confronted Nick Clegg , who was deputy prime minister , and Liberal Democrats leader , at the time , on their weekly radio show , accusing them of viewing them as doing a “ worthless job ” .
The following year they launched the Conservative Woman with Kathy Gyngell , a like-minded policy researcher . Targets include feminists , “ lefties ” , the BBC and , on occasion , the Conservative Party itself . Perrins sees the United Kingdom as a country where the family has been undermined and opposes what they describe as a politically correct culture . They describe feminist “ piffle ” as “ destructive nonsense ” .
Perrins says the website has found a gap for a “ Marmite ” strand of thinking , which is to say one that is either loved or hated .
The Conservative Woman has no formal link with the British Conservative Party ; sometimes it supports a Tory policy , sometimes it does n't . It depends on “ how conservative we think it is , or how sensible we think it is , or how effective it will be , not whether or not the party itself put it out , ” they say .
“ There are plenty of conservative websites out there that cater for the middle , so we just say what we honestly believe , and people are free to accept or reject that as they wish . ”
Perrins is frequently compared to Katie Hopkins , the provocative columnist whose articles for Mail Online led to several libel cases ( and who , when their contract was not renewed at the end of last year , moved to a Canadian right-wing website ) . “ I get the Katie Hopkins name thrown at me , as do other conservative [ women ] commentators . You can only be Katie Hopkins , or that is it . That to me is a classic form of sexism . I do n't normally play that card , but it is .
“ I think conservative women really throw people . They find it difficult to compute . It throws them a little bit , because they are more used to the feminist idea , or they are more used to women being on the left , I think . If you get somebody who says they do n't identify with the current feminist mindset . . . it can be difficult to take that on board . ”
Trump stance
Although Perrins says that their brand of conservatism does not identify with the new US nationalism , they call Donald Trump an interesting character who has highlighted an irresponsible media .
“ Trump is what happens if you ignore your working class for long enough . Trump is what you get . I think they were needed in order to stop America collapsing completely and utterly into leftism . Most of all . . . they have exposed the media for the complete and utter frauds that they are . ”
Perrins says Brexit will take time . They are not , they say , as puritanal as other leavers . For Ireland , the Border issue has been overplayed , they say ; the UK 's departure from the EU will not harm or threaten the Republic .
“ It just comes down to representative democracy and going back to basic conservatism . We should be able to kick out the people that make the rules . A lot of the rules are now made from Brussels . You ca n't kick them out . It is not transparent enough . It is not accountable enough . On balance , I think that is enough to leave . ”
Perrins , who has lived in London for 14 years , makes no claims to be part of the Irish community in the city , but they return to Ireland regularly to see family .
They believe Ireland remains socially conservative , despite evidence of shifting social norms , such as the 2015 referendum vote in favour of marriage equality , which they opposed .
This year 's planned referendum on abortion could result in a sharp cultural change in Ireland , they say , should it result in the loosening of laws around terminations .
“ In some cases this will mean that Irish children are being aborted in Irish hospitals , so although you can say , ‘ It is not something I would do myself , but if other people want to do it , that is their decision , ' . . . to me you are not saying it is their body , their choice . You are saying it is your baby , your problem : you deal with it yourself . ”
Dive Brief :
The Jackson Public School District in Mississippi , where 1,000 of its 1,800 teaching positions are held by teachers with less than three years of classroom experience and 184 teacher slots are filled by long-term substitutes , is actively recruiting retired teachers , according to The Hechinger Report .
Officials in the district , which is underfunded and has seen more than its fair share of retirements in recent years , see the recruitment of retired teachers as a way to fill positions in the midst of shortages and to bring stability and mentorship to the district .
Alvin Thornton , former chair of the Maryland Commission on Education Finance , Equity , and Excellence , argues that recruitment of retired teachers may be a temporary fix for school districts , but is not a long-term solution .
Dive Insight :
Mississippi is not the only state is that seeing an increase in the recruitment of retired teachers . Several states , including Michigan and Georgia , have rewritten the laws governing retirement pay to make the option of returning to the classroom more attractive to retired teachers . As the teacher shortage continues to grow , the recruitment of retired teachers will likely increase , often at higher costs to states and school districts .
Retired teachers not only fill a void in the classroom . They also bring in years of experience and wisdom that can be helpful in mentoring younger teachers , especially in areas that have a larger percentage of beginning educators . Because retired teachers often view education as a mission or a calling , they can also impart a sense of that long-term commitment to beginning teachers .
Recruiting retired teachers , however , is only a temporary solution to a long-term problem . Better solutions need to be found through building teacher pipelines in high school and through college recruitment . Financial incentives in terms of tuition aid can help in this regard , but aspiring teachers still need to be presented with the vision of what teaching entails . Teach for America also allows for recruitment of teachers from other professions and is playing a larger role in many school districts . Teacher pay and benefits are only part of the reason recruitment and retention of teachers is difficult . Other areas of concern include paperwork , stress , the school environment , a lack of respect and student discipline issues , which suggests that school leaders need to pay attention to working conditions as well .
10 Social Buzz
ITALIAN sportswear giant FILA has teamed up with beloved Japanese anime franchise Pokémon to deliver a line of colourful sneakers .
Available only via FILA South Korea , the limited-edition shoes feature iconic Pokémon including Pikachu , Bulbasaur , Squirtle , Charmander and Jigglypuff . Every pair comes packaged in a Pokeball themed box with a badge and sticker of the corresponding Pokémon .
Pokémon designs are now available in two models : the FILA Court Deluxe and Classic Kicks type . They are “ armed with cuteness ” , according to a post on FILA Korea 's Facebook page .
SEE ALSO : Japan Railways partners with Hello Kitty for pink Shinkansen
Classic Kicks are available for 39,000 , around US $ 36 , while the Classic Deluxe model are available for 69,000 Won – roughly US $ 65 .
As the saying goes , some diehard fans will no doubt feel they 've “ got ta catch ‘ em all ” .
But shoes are available only for Korean customers via FILA Korea 's online store .
Otherwise they can be ordered through Harum.io to be shipped to the US , Japan , Singapore , Malaysia , Hong Kong , Taiwan , the Philippines and other Asian countries .
By Sam McPherson
Last Monday in this space , we recommended fantasy baseball team owners drop catcher/first baseman Alex Avila after their trade from the Detroit Tigers to the Chicago Cubs . Then , the defending World Series champions suddenly lose their top catcher to an injury a few days later , and Avila suddenly has fantasy relevancy once again . It 's a tough world to stay on top of for six months straight , is n't it ?
The Avila example above is an extreme case , but it 's not just injuries and trades you have to keep an eye on at this point in the season if you want to win your league . The time is drawing near when a lot of MLB teams that do n't have postseason aspirations in 2017 are going to be bringing up rookie players for a quick look so they know what they have for 2018 .
How can this affect your team ? You could have a productive player in your lineup that is suddenly displaced because of a rookie promotion . We see this happen every season in fantasy baseball , because for teams with no shot at the Fall Classic , it 's more important to see what the rookie has to offer than it is for the club to win meaningless games with fringe veterans—even if those vets are producing for your fantasy team .
Players to Get Onto Your Roster Now
1 . Hyun-Jin Ryu , SP , Los Angeles Dodgers : Of course , any Dodgers regular you can add to your roster probably will help you win the league title . But Ryu looks like he 's finally healthy now after missing the entire 2015 season and most of 2016 with an injury . They are striking out batters at a career-high rate ( 8.8 strikeouts per nine innings pitched ) , and since the All-Star break , Ryu has a 1.88 ERA .
2 . Eddie Rosario , OF , Minnesota Twins : He 's not a rookie , but they have put together a nice season very quietly . If you need OF help , Rosario could be your guy . At age 25 , he 's having their best season . Through 106 games , he 's hit 16 home runs , driven in 46 runs and hitting .293 overall . Those are solid numbers for a fifth OF on your roster . They currently are hitting .311 in the second half .
3 . Tim Beckham , 2B/SS , Baltimore Orioles : The word is that they will only be starting until the Os regular shortstop returns from a wrist injury , but we 're not buying that . First off , wrist injuries are notoriously hard to recover from , and Beckham is currently hitting .531 with a 1.488 OPS since Baltimore traded for him . The Orioles would be stupid to take them out of the lineup . Pick them up if you can and never fear .
4 . Edwin Jackson , SP , Washington Nationals : Bear with us here . Since joining the Nats , the 33-year-old journeyman has three wins and a 3.30 ERA in five starts . Washington has a good lineup behind him , and Jackson is experienced enough to not get into too much trouble . If you need wins , they could help your team . Also , Jackson 's 7.5 Ks/9 IP rate with the Nationals is n't going to hurt you , nor will their 1.067 WHIP with the team , either .
Players to Sit/Drop This Week
1 . Bud Norris , RP , Los Angeles Angels : On May 1 , we recommended picking them up for some cheap saves . Eighteen of those cheap saves later , Norris has reverted to the mediocre pitcher they have been throughout their career , and he 's no longer closing games for the Halos after two big blown chances in a row . With an 11.2 Ks/9 IP rate , they still could work their way back into the closer spot , but we doubt it . Let them go .
2 . Johnny Cueto , SP , San Francisco Giants : A month after hitting the disabled list , Cueto barely is throwing the ball right now , reportedly . If they were healthier , the Giants probably would have traded them by now . You can drop them and approach with caution next year in the draft after their disappointing 31-year-old season ( 4.59 ERA , 1.401 WHIP ) .
3 . Jonathan Villar , UTL , Milwaukee Brewers : He 's been a one-trick pony this year with 21 steals and a .222 average , and now Villar will be out of a job soon thanks to the Brewers ' acquisition of Neil Walker via trade with the New York Mets on Saturday . This was a disappointing campaign after they stole 62 bases last year while hitting .285 overall .
4 . Troy Tulowitzki , SS , Toronto Blue Jays : They will be 33 this October , and this could be the end for the five-time All-Star selection . Since being traded from Colorado to Toronto in 2015 , he 's been extremely mediocre . They are out for the year now with an ankle injury , and that might help the Blue Jays since their bat ( .678 OPS in 66 games ) has n't been very good . You may want to avoid them in next year 's draft , sadly .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A main Derbyshire road was closed for more than two hours yesterday morning after a man appeared to be preparing to take their own life .
Police were called to the A617 Hasland bypass near Hornsbridge roundabout at 6.30am on Wednesday after `` concerns for a man 's safety '' .
According to Google Maps , the road was closed in both directions from Hornsbridge Island in Chesterfield to Grassmoor .
Two police officers and a negotiator were involved and the man involved was taken to hospital , before the road reopened at around 9am .
( Image : Jon Cooper/Derbyshire Times )
Speaking in an emotional interview with the the Derbyshire Times , the man involved has apologised to anyone who witnessed the incident , and anyone who was caught up in traffic , after the road was closed in both directions .
They also opened up about their struggles with mental illness .
If you are feeling troubled you can call the Samaritans ' 24-hour confidential helpline on 116 123
Irish racing is set for a broadcasting shake-up in 2019 with pictures switching to the Racing UK channel from At The Races ( ATR ) .
It is anticipated a general meeting of the Association of Irish Racecourses next week will approve the switch as Satellite Information Services ( SIS ) – the company which holds the broadcast rights to all of Ireland 's 26 racecourses – intends winding up its ATR deal when it finishes at the end of this year .
A rebranding of the Racing UK product is anticipated to reflect the addition of Irish racing which up to now has been available free as part of the Sky TV package .
RUK is a subscription channel , although on Friday one AIR director , who preferred to remain unnamed , downplayed any potential impact on racing 's customer base here and on levels of coverage .
“ We 're aware anyone with a bog-standard Sky package gets ATR as part of it . But there seems to have been a suggestion that ATR intend to rebrand themselves and bring it into a subscription category . So a free-to-air scenario essentially was n't going to be there anyway , ” they said .
“ There will be a rebranding . It wo n't be just Racing UK with Irish racing . It will be something like Racing UK and Ireland , to reflect the addition of racing here , ” they added .
Rights
SIS has the rights to Irish racing until the end of 2023 and although ATR has a veto on any new deal it 's believed its board will recommend the new deal to its members next week . It is also understood that Horse Racing Ireland 's media rights committee has approved it .
However HRI 's chief executive , Brian Kavanagh , declined to comment on the matter and said : “ This is in a process and it would n't be appropriate for me to say anything until the process is completed . ”
Separately on Friday , Kavanagh welcomed HRI 's new three-year deal with RTÉ which will see between 25 and 27 days of live racing on the State broadcaster .
It includes an extra day 's racing from the Fairyhouse Easter festival this year and the Winter Festival Grade One card at that track in December . In 2019 and 2020 , there will be additional broadcasts of Gowran 's Thyestes fixture and at the redeveloped Curragh .
The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common , especially in politics . In the wake of President Trump 's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels , here 's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and ...
Monica Lewinsky finally has their # MeToo awakening In 2014 , Monica Lewinsky wrote in Vanity Fair : “ Sure , my boss took advantage of me , but I will always remain firm on this point : it was a consensual relationship . Any ...
Monica Lewinsky : # MeToo helped me re-examine affair with Bill Clinton Monica Lewinsky said the # MeToo movement has forced them to re-examine the issue of consent after engaging in a sexual relationship with President Bill Clinton when they were a White ...
Dems offer us a Clinton and a Kennedy — will they ever learn ? Meet the Democratic stars of 2020 : a Clinton and a Kennedy . Yes , the party of the people — the poor , the disenfranchised , the overworked and underpaid , the allies of Black ...
The Blas-Bernie bromance marks the end of Democrats ' centrism You do n't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows . You just need Mayor Bill de Blasio . The far-left true believer made a spectacle of themselves when he ...
Democrats ' Bill Clinton problem Hours after apologizing for lecturing public-radio reporter Karen DeWitt about sexual harassment , Gov . Cuomo held their birthday fund-raising party — with ex-President Bill Clinton as the star guest . Oops . The ...
Bill Clinton gets advanced screening of Spielberg 's 'Post ' A spy tells us that Bill got a standing ovation when they entered the theater .
The demand for the medical ventilator is increasing with the increasing number of critically ill patients . Additionally , the global ventilator market is experiencing a boost due to increasing lifestyle associated chronic diseases , environmental pollution , increasing incidence of asthma & bronchitis , and addictions . Ventilator associated pneumonia is a primary risk associated with the prolonged use of ventilators , which may act as a risk factor for this market . The global medical ventilator market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.9 % during the forecast period 2017-2023 .
Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 45 market data tables and figures spread over 80 numbers of pages of the project report . Avail the in-depth table of content ( TOC ) & market synopsis on “ medical ventilator market research report –Global forecast till 2023 . ”
Get PDF Sample Copy of This Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/695 .
Global Medical Ventilator Market Players
Key players in Medical ventilator market are : Koninklijke Philips N.V. ( the Netherlands ) , Medtronic ( Ireland ) , ResMed ( U.S. ) , General Electric Company ( U.S. ) , Becton , Dickinson and Company ( U.S. ) , Allied Healthcare Products Inc. ( U.S ) , Hamilton Medical ( Switzerland ) , Teleflex Incorporated ( U.S . )
Koninklijke Philips N.V. is the major player in the global ventilators manufacturers . The healthcare business of the company accounts for 42 % of its total global sales revenue . It has more than 450 innovative products and solutions . The company offers various Products for respiratory care and ventilation such as Respironics NM3 , Respironics V680 and Respironics Trilogy 202 .
Medtronic plc . is another major player in this market with the products such as Puritan Bennet 980 , Newport HT70 , and Newport e360 . In 2015 , the company acquired Covidien with the market capitalism , which was about USD 100 billion . It is one of the largest medical device manufacturers in the world .
Global Medical Ventilator Market Segmentation
The global medical ventilators market has been segmented on the basis of the type of ventilators , which includes noninvasive ventilators , invasive ventilators , and mechanical ventilators . Non-invasive ventilators are further segmented into volume-cycled , pressure-cycled , flow-cycled , and time-cycled ventilators . Mechanical ventilators are further segmented into positive pressure ventilators and negative pressure ventilators . On the basis of applications , the market is segmented into critical care , neonatal care , emergency care , and others .
Global Medical Ventilator Market Regional analysis
The global medical ventilators market consists of four regions : Americas , Europe , Asia Pacific and the Middle East & Africa . Americas is the largest market for medical ventilators in the globe , whose growth is contributed to the increasing prevalence of smoking leading to lung diseases , the significant number of patients having chronic heart diseases , and the demand for mechanical ventilators .
Get Instant Discount on This Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/695 .
The market is growing continuously in Europe due to the great demand for medical devices in hospitals , and increasing healthcare expenditure . Owing to increasing environmental pollution , high incidence of asthma & chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases , and large patient pool , Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market over the forecast period . The Middle East & Africa shows steady growth in this market and expected to continue during the forecast period .
Some Data From Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 . Report Prologue
Chapter 2 . Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
2.3 Market Structure
2.4 . Market Segmentation
Chapter 3 . Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
3.5 Forecast Model
Chapter 4 . Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
TOC Continued…
Do You Have Query ? Inquire @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/695 .
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Statistical Report , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
Contact Us :
Market Research Future Office No . 528 ,
Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road ,
Hadapsar , Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
Phone : +1 646 845 9312
Sign up for Meridian 's Free Newsletter , please CLICK HERE
Cover image by Alejandro Alvarez/News2Share via Reuters
Editor 's Note : We at Meridian Magazine would like to add our agreement and our voice to this statement from the Church in denouncing the racism and violence that took place in Charlottesville over the weekend . You may read about what happened in outrage and feel helpless to do anything .
You can do something right now by reaching out with greater love and kindness to the people in your own community , particularly those of a different race than yours . As Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. said , “ Darkness can not drive out darkness ; only light can do that . Hate can not drive out hate ; only love can do that. ” Let us redouble our efforts to be a light .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints on Sunday issued a statement decrying racism and calling for peace , greater kindness and compassion following Saturday 's rally in Virginia that spiraled into deadly violence .
“ It is with great sadness and deep concern that we view the violence , conflict and tragedy of recent days in Charlottesville , Virginia . People of any faith , or of no faith at all , should be troubled by the increase of intolerance in both words and actions that we see everywhere .
“ More than a decade ago , ( then ) church President Gordon B. Hinckley addressed the topic of racism when speaking to members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . They powerfully and clearly taught this principle : ‘ No man who makes disparaging remarks concerning those of another race can consider themselves a true disciple of Christ . Nor can they consider themselves to be in harmony with the teachings of the Church of Christ . ' ”
To read the full article on the Deseret News , click here .
Remains apparently are connected to a 2012 missing-persons case out of Santa Barbara
Emergency personnel located the wreckage of a pickup truck off Highway 154 on Thursday that contained human remains apparently related to a 2012 missing-persons case out of Santa Barbara .
A Santa Barbara County helicopter spotted the wreckage 200-300 feet over the side of Painted Cave Road at about 1 p.m. , according to emergency radio traffic .
A county sheriff 's deputy hiked down to the white Chevy pickup , and radioed back to dispatch that it looked like it had been there for some time , “ and there appears to be remains ” in the vehicle .
CHP Sgt . Andrew Chapman confirmed that remains had been found , and are likely related to a missing-persons case from March 2012 .
A county Search & Rescue team worked for hours on Thursday afternoon to retrieve the wreckage from below the steep hill , along with a tow truck from Santa Barbara Towing .
Crews used a chainsaw to tear down trees in the path of the truck , which was n't visible from the road because of the heavy brush .
Depending on the cause of death , Chapman said either the CHP or the Sheriff 's Department would be handling the investigation .
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Aluminium Powder Market Report by Product Type ( Spherical Aluminum Powder , Spherical Aluminum Powder ) By Application / End User ( Photovoltaic Electronic Paste Industry , Paint and Pigment Industry , Refractory Materials Industry ) by Industry Analysis , Volume , Share , Growth , Challenges , Trends and Forecast 2017–2025 .
This report studies the Aluminium Powder Market status and outlook of global and major regions , from angles of manufacturers , regions , product types and end industries ; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions , and splits the Aluminium Powder Market by product type and applications/end industries .
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Aluminium Powder ( excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer , distributor , wholesaler or traders ) . The percentage splits , Market shares , and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price . The regional splits of the overall Aluminium Powder Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country .
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/aluminium-powder-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources . The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry , including the government policy , Market environment , competitive landscape , historical data , present trends in the Market , technological innovation , upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry , and Market risks , opportunities , Market barriers and challenges .
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research . Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers ; whereas , primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff , directors , CEOs and Marketing executives . The percentage splits , Market shares , growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources .
Aluminium Powder Market : Product Type
• Spherical Aluminum Powder
• Spherical Aluminum Powder
Aluminium Powder Market : End Users/Application Analysis
• Photovoltaic Electronic Paste Industry
• Paint and Pigment Industry
• Refractory Materials Industry
Access Full Report @ https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/aluminium-powder-market-report/
Contact Info :
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox @ profsharemarketresearch.com
Jack is hooking you up with four packs of tickets to the State Fair of Texas !
Keep your radio tuned to 100.3 Jack FM ALL WEEKEND LONG for your chance to win !
When you hear the cue to call dial 214 or 817 787-1003 for your chance to win !
It 's that easy !
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of people from all over the world will be descending on Derby later this year to celebrate the life of music legend David Bowie .
The David Bowie Convention will see bands from all over the country and overseas flock to the city to pay tribute to the legendary rock star who died just over two years ago at the age of 69 .
The special event will take place on Friday , May 11 , and Saturday , May 12 at The Queens Hall in London Road near the city centre .
The venue will play live music from a number of bands on both nights to celebrate Bowie 's life .
Bowie is considered to be one of British music 's greatest stars , captivating audiences with their records and style of performances .
Their greatest hits include 'Changes ' , 'Starman ' , 'Life on Mars ' , 'Heroes ' and 'Let 's Dance ' to name a few .
The convention has been organised by massive Bowie fan James Draper who lives in Heanor and has been a boyhood fan of the artist since they were 11-years-old .
Mr Draper has run the event for the past five years . It was held in Hull last year to mark the city 's celebrations after it was named the UK City of Culture .
But Mr Draper , 56 , said they were excited to be bringing the event back home to Derby .
They said : `` People from all the world will be coming to Derby to celebrate David Bowie 's life - the convention is coming back home this year .
`` Derby is a great city and we have got a beautiful venue at The Queens Hall in London Road . It 's a short walk from the railway station and there are plenty of places to eat nearby and places to stay .
`` When I was growing up , I lived in a council house but Bowie 's music took you somewhere totally different . There was escapism to their music .
`` We 've got some great bands coming to play and already there are people from America , Australia and France coming along . I think it 's great for Derby and puts us on the international music map . ''
Organisers say there will be plenty of excitement ahead of the big weekend as talented artist Sarah Captain will be hosting a special exhibition in the Derby Guildhall , which will feature some of their own David Bowie paintings . This will start on Saturday , May 5 .
Sarah also has paintings of Derby County legends Brian Clough and Peter Taylor which will be included in the exhibition . It is expected the paintings will be moved to the Queens Hall venue when the festival takes place .
Tickets are on sale now . The Friday night gig on May 11 costs £16 and the Saturday night gig costs £40 . Weekend tickets , covering both nights , are available at £50 .
For more information visit the Facebook page 'Rebel Rebel at the National David Bowie Convention 2018 ' or contact Mr Draper by e-mailing them on jamesd45 @ hotmail.com .
“ Nobody had any intention of me being here , ” Jupp Heynckes said , sitting at a desk at the Allianz Arena , a microphone tilted towards him , the board behind splattered with sponsors , a card in front saying “ Uefa Champions League ” .
It turned out they were not finished after all but , at 72 , this really will be the last time , one more European night in Munich . Six months after being pulled from retirement , called by their old friend Uli Hoeness and asked to coach Bayern for a fourth time , they lead their club into another semi-final . In front of them stands another club with which they have won this competition , Real Madrid .
Returning was , Heynckes said then , “ a question of the heart ” . But if they were coming back , it was to compete . Bayern recovered : the league title is won , the cup awaits and another treble is possible , as in 2013 .
“ I adore football and , if I do a job , I do it 100 per cent , ” they said here . “ These are the games you work for and lots of coaches never get the chance to play one of these in their lives . I came back at a very old age and now I have the privilege of being successful again , reaching a semi-final and possibly going through to the final . I am confident .
“ Football has changed but my style of leadership , my approach , has n't . The game has progressed but in the end they are still people out on the pitch , people with different personalities and feelings . ”
The best example has been James Rodríguez , on loan from Madrid . Bayern will make the deal permanent at the end of the season . “ He was a bit down , not in good physical shape either , but I have talked to them a lot and bit by bit their confidence came back . They are more free now and our fans love seeing them play . They have fantastic vision , he 's integrated into the team , happy in Munich . The team that wins the Champions League is the one that is most united . ”
‘ Good atmosphere '
Toni Kroos , who was part of Bayern 's 2013 Champions League-winning team and plays for Madrid , said : “ I have the feeling they are much better off with Heynckes . Physically they look to be in good shape , you can see there is a good atmosphere in the team and the whole club .
“ Heynckes is able to make the collective function ; the atmosphere within a team is very important . It 's not just about tactical issues ; it 's also good to keep everyone happy . We 're here to change that a bit . ”
And that is the thing . For all Heynckes 's confidence , for all that they responded to questions about how they could stop Cristiano Ronaldo by replying , “ I might ask you how they can stop Robert Lewandowski , ” they were quick to note Madrid are formidable .
The chance to win this trophy a third time awaits , something achieved only by Bob Paisley and Carlo Ancelotti . But the team standing before them are Real Madrid and , as Kroos put it , “ the Champions League releases special powers ” in them . The man occupying the other bench also has a special relationship with this competition and in which they have admitted to feeling they have some kind of guiding “ star ” .
I have always been a great admirer of Zinedine Zidane as a player and a coach
Zinedine Zidane , like Heynckes , is seeking their third European Cup as a manager . It took them 18 months to win two , the first manager in the Champions League era to win consecutive titles ; it is 20 years since Heynckes first won it , five since their last . In 1998 they won it with Madrid , ending the club 's 32-year wait to be European champions again – “ a liberation , ” Heynckes called it , although they insisted they had never watched the video . On the other side , playing for Juventus , was Zidane , 27 years their junior .
‘ Maximum respect '
“ He is a coach I have maximum respect for , for what they had done at Bayern and at Madrid too , ” Zidane said . “ He has done great things , he 's admirable . I only have good words for this man . And Bayern is not just a good team , it 's a great club . ”
The feeling is mutual ; there was warmth in Heynckes 's words . “ I have played against great players and coaches : Sacchi , Cruyff , Lippi , Happel , and I have always been a great admirer of Zinedine Zidane as a player and a coach , ” they said . “ I love how Real Madrid play and their calmness on the touchline , not making a big fuss , not playing to the gallery or the TV cameras . For 90 minutes they follow what is happening on the pitch . ”
There is something more than finance , Heynckes noted , something deeper that has revived . And while they were clearly enjoying this , there was also a sense of vindication , and their line sounded perhaps more pointed when it is considered these teams , though no paupers , faced Paris Saint-Germain this season and , unlike the French champions , are still there . “ A team has to respect itself , have human qualities . You ca n't buy the Champions League , ” they said . You can not buy moments like this either . – Guardian Service
Dubai – You might not like it , but you have to give it to Valentine 's Day . If nothing else , it forces you to answer the question : Who do you love ?
In a 2017 survey by search engine Bing , when people searched for “ “ Valentine 's Day Gifts For … ” the sentence ended with numerous options – 22 per cent looked for a gift for their husbands , 20 per cent for a friend and 19 per cent for their pets .
Another study by US 's National Retail Federation published earlier this month found that 90 per cent of those celebrating Valentine 's Day in the US would spend on a gift for their spouse or significant other . But a majority – 53 per cent – of Gulf News poll respondents on Twitter felt that Valentine 's Day actually did a disservice to the idea of love , trying to reduce it to just one day .
“ Valentine 's Day , honestly , is n't such a big deal for me . That one day does n't tell everything . I think it is more of an excuse to go and have a good time , ” Malaysian national Aazmin Kantawala told Gulf News .
The Dubai resident has been happily married for 22 years and never waited for February 14 to express them love .
“ Every day should be celebrated for whatever time you get to spend with your loved one . And it should not only be for spouses , it should also be for friends . It is just a representation of the love you feel for people , ” they added .
However , they understood the appeal the day might hold for those in a new relationship .
“ Maybe in the initial years when you are newly married I think it is more relevant . Over the years you tend to understand the person better so you really do n't need roses all the time . Every day could be Valentine 's Day . Every day I spend with my husband is Valentine 's Day for me , so love does not necessarily have to be expressed in words all the time . It could be things that you do for each other , the way you understand each other - that is a more mature perspective . A couple in a new relationship might want to say more , gift more . But when you are into a long term relationship you do n't always have to say it . I mean , it is nice to hear ‘ I love you ' but it is not always necessarily said through words , it is through actions , it could even be a look , ” they said .
But even Tanisha Gupta , an Indian senior copywriter in a Dubai-based advertising firm , who has been married for just three years , does not find the need to drop everything to express their love on Valentine 's Day .
“ I personally think there are so many other moments that can and should be used , for the expression of love . In fact , even just the start of a weekend , when you get to spend some quality time with your loved one , becomes a chance to express your love . ”
What the day does offer , according to her , is a way to make amends .
“ It 's the perfect opportunity for people who usually forget special occasions , to make up for it . ”
And this opportunity can come at quite a cost . A billion dollar industry has been built around Valentine 's Day .
The same study by US 's National Retail Federation also found that US residents will spend $ 18.2 billion ( Dh66.85 billion ) on Valentine 's Day this year . If that seems like a lot , you should know that this is less than what they spent last year . In 2016 , Valentine 's Day related expenses reached an all-time high of $ 19.7 billion ( Dh72.36 billion ) .
The pressure of a dozen long-stem red roses , teddy bears or heart-shaped balloons can get too much for even the most expressive personalities . Introverts , then , have a much harder time coping with it .
According to a study by US-based mental health social network PsychCentral , extroverts are charged by people , places and stimuli outside of them . But introverts get their energy from within .
Ashwin Fernandes , a social media executive based in Dubai , saw that their introverted friends preferred not to emerge on Valentine 's Day at all .
“ The day puts a lot of pressure on extroverts , let alone introverts . So they prefer to express their affection on another day that 's free of all the expectations and hype . Having to arrange a restaurant reservation , get chocolates , teddy bears and so on – it makes it so much harder ! Even on a regular basis , introverts would n't be expressing themselves with things like this , so on Valentine 's Day , they do n't want to go out or get involved with the festivities at all . ”
Also , for many residents in the UAE who come from various cultures , spending so much money and effort on the idea of love makes little sense .
Ksenya Prekovic , who has been married for 16 years , does not celebrate the day as it is not part of the culture in their home country of Croatia . However , they highlighted the need to express love in whichever way a person might be comfortable .
“ I do n't believe in buying gifts to show love . Instead , it is about spending time doing what you both enjoy and sometimes it 's about striking a compromise to do something the other person would prefer , for example playing a game or sport you do n't normally enjoy . It is more about that and sharing moments together rather than buying an expensive gift just to show off . Other people have a different understanding of what love is and whatever you find to be the expression of love , you should do that and tell them why they are important to you , ” they said .
Omar Abu Omar , a Jordanian national who works in digital marketing in Dubai , felt occasions such as these should be considered “ just another day ” .
They said : “ Days like Valentine 's or Father 's Day , and so on , are really overrated . Of course , it 's nice to express your love for someone , but why only on this day ? I think people place too much value on it . ”
Twitter poll :
Valentine 's Day :
reduces love to one day - 53 %
is a chance to express love - 47 %
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A drink driver had drunk so much booze that when they got to work they could not walk , talk or even stand up properly .
Kirsty Attenborough , 30 , of Maple Drive , Creswell , was spotted driving erratically and damaged their vehicle before they parked up at Hollybank Nursing Home , Creswell . A court heard how Attenborough collapsed into the gravel as they arrived .
Prosecuting solicitor Lynn Bickley told a Chesterfield magistrates ' court hearing : “ A witness reported seeing Miss Attenborough driving down Skinner Street in a Honda Civic and veering across the road and hitting a kerb .
“ She was struggling to get up the hill and the vehicle was smoking and rubber could be smelled by the male witness .
“ He heard a loud bang and saw the vehicle parked at an angle at Hollybank Nursing Home with damage . ”
The witness found the defendant sitting in the driver 's seat , according to Mrs Bickley , and they tried to speak to them but their speech was slurred and they were struggling to get their words out .
( Image : Derbyshire Times )
Mrs Bickley added that the witness took Attenborough 's car keys and tried to get them out of the vehicle but they fell face first into the gravel .
Police revealed that Attenborough failed a roadside breath test with a high reading and when they were taken into custody they could not stand or walk so they had to be taken to Chesterfield Royal Hospital for a blood test .
Attenborough registered 270 milligrams of alcohol in their blood two-and-a-half hours after the police 's original call-out . The legal limit is 80 milligrams .
The defendant told police they had been due to start work at 3pm at the nursing home and that they use their partner 's car so they do not have to walk home .
They admitted that they had drunk a medium-sized bottle of vodka on that same afternoon but they do not drink regularly and they are not alcohol-dependent and they thought they had been tipsy .
Attenborough , who is of previous good character , pleaded guilty to exceeding the alcohol drink-drive limit after the incident on December 2 , last year .
The court raised concerns because Attenborough had been involved in an accident and had been driving on the wrong side of the road with children nearby as they had been going to work .
Attenborough was sentenced to a 12 month community order with a Drink Impaired Drivers Programme and 100 hours of unpaid work .
They were disqualified from driving for 26 months and must pay an £85 victim surcharge and £85 costs . The court heard that Attenborough can reduce their ban by 28 weeks if they complete a drink-drive rehabilitation course .
Image Credits : Leybold
Users in research and industry increasingly rely on dry and robust vacuum solutions , which will also provide flexibility of use . With the modernized , air-cooled SCROLLVAC plus , Leybold offers an new uncomplicated , reliable fore vacuum pump , which exactly meets this requirement profile .
Suitable for a wide application range
The SCROLLVAC plus , which is an oil-free , dry running fore vacuum pump , qualifies for a variety of demanding applications : whether in the laboratory , in large research facilities , as a backing pump for turbomolecular and cryopump systems , or in vacuum ovens .
Low power consumption , high pumping speed
SCROLLVAC plus has low power consumption paired with a high effective suction capacity making it a real benefit to any application . In addition , with its very light , compact design , it occupies only minimal space in plants and equipment . This makes integration into new and existing vacuum systems an easy and convenient solution . The low level of vibrations and noise ( less than 55 dB ( A ) ) further increases the range of potential users , especially as these factors play a central role in ergonomic working environments .
Hermetically sealed , fewer impurities
Their functional and constructive features simplify the daily use of this fore vacuum pump . The hermetic sealing of the rotating parts from the pump chamber reduces the risk of contamination . With the absence of wear-resistant shaft seals , the developers have achieved a higher leak tightness . This predestines the SCROLLVAC plus for universal use in demanding processes .
Service and maintenance - simple and fast
The service and the sealing change are correspondingly simple and fast , and can be operated by the user on-site . Leybold 's SCROLLVAC plus also has longer maintenance intervals than comparable competitive products .
With our new generation of scroll pumps SCROLLVAC plus , we offer the optimized pump variant for all customer requirements and at the same time set new standards with long service intervals and easy maintenance . Alexander Kaiser , Product Manager Dry Fore Vacuum Technology
For all standardized maintenance tasks and procedures , an integrated hour counter documents the operating time . Leybold provides the appropriate maintenance kit for the different stages of servicing .
NEW BEGINNINGS : Sandra Smith with grandsons Leyland , Brighton and Preston Smith picking up the keys for their new Mitsubishi Pajero from Black Toyota sales representative Lauren Wilson .
IT WAS a very happy Easter for Warwick woman Sandra Smith who had their wish for a new car granted just before the holy holiday .
The grandmother-of-five had wanted a new vehicle to be able to drive their five grandchildren - Preston , Bright , Leyland , Zara and Lara - left in their care .
After a slow start to donations on their GoFundMe page , Mrs Smith said they were thrilled to pick up the keys to a brand-new Mitsubishi Pajero from Black Toyota last Thursday .
They said the seven-seater car was just what the family had in mind .
`` I would like to thank the comedy duo Women Like Us , Mandy Nolan and Ellen Briggs , because without them this would not have been possible , ” Mrs Smith said .
`` They helped with my GoFundMe and to raise $ 5790 to make up the $ 15,000 we needed to get the car .
`` The rest I put in from selling some items and saving up for a while . ”
Mrs Smith had the help of donations from 90 people in two months .
After hearing their story , Black Toyota also helped Mrs Smith secure the car by selling at cost price .
`` Thank you too to Black Toyota for dropping the price on the vehicle by about $ 5000 and helping us secure the car in time for the new school term , ” they said .
Mrs Smith said they and their grandkids had already been able to enjoy trips together to Leslie Dam and Killarney Falls at the weekend , and headed to Toowoomba yesterday to pick up some new school supplies .
`` The kids are loving it , ” they said .
`` Getting them to daycare and school each day had previously taken me a few trips so I 'm grateful this will make things a lot easier for us all .
Black Toyota sales assistant Lauren Wilson said they were thankful the business was able to help a local family in need .
`` We 're thankful they came to us and we were able to help them out , ” MsWilson said .
DENVER — Less than a year after winning the Super Bowl , Gary Kubiak is leaving their position as Denver Broncos head coach .
In a press conference on Monday , an emotional Kubiak said that they were retiring from coaching because the demands of the job were becoming too much for him .
“ Coaching is a very demanding business , ” they said . “ Tough business . And I 've always prided myself . You know , I 've been a head coach for 10 years . And each of us as coaches… we all have a routine . We all have a way we go about doing things , and I 've had my routine for a long time . And I 've always taken a lot of pride that I could coach a football team , be there for the players , be there for the coaches , be there for the organization , do a game plan , call some plays on Sunday . I 've always taken a lot of pride in the fact that I could do all of those things .
“ But this year I have n't been able to do that . It 's been tough . And for the first time I 've had to tell myself , ‘ Hey , you ca n't do that anymore . ' ”
Kubiak has had more than one health scare in their career . They missed Denver 's game on October 13 against the San Diego Chargers because of a complex migraine condition . When they were head coach of the Houston Texans , Kubiak suffered a transient ischemic attack — commonly known as a mini-stroke — when they collapsed during a game in 2013 .
Kubiak said they did n't immediately start thinking of retirement after their medical emergency in October .
“ That was obviously an episode that took place , and I 've had a couple in the last four years , but it was n't like , ‘ OK , this is something that I ca n't handle , ' ” they said . “ I would n't say that . It was a struggle for me throughout the course of the year just keeping up with the things that I normally do and the way I want to do them . … It was not one incident , but I am listening to the last few years . ”
Broncos general manager John Elway said Kubiak approached them about a week ago to talk about stepping down . Elway said that Kubiak , a Broncos teammate in their playing days , asked them to have a conversation as their friend instead of as their boss .
Elway said they have mixed emotions about Kubiak leaving and acknowledged they checked with Kubiak Monday morning to see if they would change their mind and come back .
But as a friend , Elway said they understood Kubiak 's decision .
“ In the long run , it 's the right thing for Gary , and I think that 's the most important thing , ” Elway said .
Kubiak was 24-11 in their two seasons as Denver 's coach . Last season , Kubiak led Denver to a 24-10 win in Super Bowl 50 in February against the Carolina Panthers .
Following the win , however , the Broncos took a step back . Quarterback Peyton Manning retired , and their backup , Brock Osweiler , left for the Houston Texans . That left the Broncos with Trevor Siemian , a seventh-round draft pick in 2015 , to start their title defense .
The Broncos finished this season 9-7 and did n't reach the playoffs .
In their 10th season as an NFL head coach , Kubiak was 87-77 . They spent 22 years with the Broncos , including nine as a quarterback from 1983-91 and 11 as offensive coordinator from 1995-2005 . They also are an assistant coach when Denver won back-to-back Super Bowls from 1997-98 .
Kubiak said they are n't sure what 's next for him . But with the health news swirling around him , they had a message to convey .
“ I 'm doing great , ” they said . “ I 'm OK . ”
Letter of commendation will recognize the academic achievements of Cameron Matthews and Andrew McCaffery
Tyler Hodges , director of Laguna Blanca Upper School 's Academics & Student Life , announced Monday that seniors Cameron Matthews and Andrew McCaffery have been named Commended Students in the 2012 National Merit Scholarship Program .
A letter of commendation from the school and National Merit Scholarship Corporation , which conducts the program , will be presented to the principal of these scholastically talented seniors .
About 34,000 Commended Students throughout the nation are being recognized for their exceptional academic promise . Although they will not continue in the 2012 competition for National Merit Scholarships , Commended Students placed among the top 5 percent of more than 1.5 million students who entered the 2012 competition by taking the 2010 Preliminary SAT/National Merit Scholarship Qualifying Test .
The young men and women being named Commended Students have demonstrated outstanding potential for academic success , ” a spokesperson for the National Merit Scholarship Program said . “ These students represent a valuable national resource ; recognizing their accomplishment , as well as the key role their schools play in their academic development , is vital to the advancement of educational excellence in our nation . We hope that this recognition will help broaden their educational opportunities and encourage them as they continue their pursuit of academic success . ”
— Tara Broucqsault is the director of communications for Laguna Blanca School .
If you 're searching for ways to make Halloween feel a little more spooky , look no further . Here , we 've listed seven ghoulish ghost walks to get you into the spirit of things .
With events ranging from the centre of Derby to the depths of Chesterfield , you should n't be too far away from your nearest paranormal experience .
If you 're looking for something more suitable for younger children , why not check out our ultimate Halloween events guide ?
City Centre Ghost Walk
This legendary city centre walk takes you around the city and is recommended for all ghost hunters .
The ghost walk starts at the Old Bell Hotel in Sadlergate at 6.50pm . Arrive promptly so the ghost hunting fun can begin . You 'll be shown around haunted pubs and the Guildhall tunnels . Rumour has it there 's even a human skull to view from the 1990s .
People are booking up in attempt to get spooked for Halloween . Tickets cost £25 per person and £22 for children under 12 , students and OAPs . Check out the link below to find available dates and more information : http : //www.derbygaol.com/ingenii.cgi ? show_avail=yes & walk=city_centre .
The walks are not suggested for anyone under the age of 10 , but it is your decision whether or not you feel that they 'll be able to cope with the fright !
( Image : Sophie Sparham )
Friar Gate Ghost Walk ‘ The Hangman 's Walk '
You can still book this walk for this Halloween ! The perfect three-hour ghost walk to ensure you get an evening full of frights . The walk starts at The Derby Goal , Agard Street , DE1 1DZ . It 's suggested that you arrive promptly at 6.50pm so you do n't miss any of the stories about murderers or executions .
If you 're interested in hearing about the horrific murder of Eliza Marrow and visiting a haunted pub then follow this link for booking details : http : //www.derbygaol.com/ingenii.cgi ? show_avail=yes & walk=friargate . Tickets are £25 per person and £22 for children under 12 , students and OAPs .
This frightening ghost walk is not recommended for anyone under the age of 10 , but it is at your discretion .
Darley Abbey Ghost and History Walk
Historian and paranormal expert , Richard Felix , will be leading you on an enchanted walk of Darley Abbey .
Mr Felix will lead the tour around the Darley Abbey Mills and Mr Evans ' mill worker cottages . You 'll also walk through Darley Park , St. Matthew 's School and finally , the Abbey Pub where you can enjoy a free beverage .
The walk starts at 6.45pm at the North Mill car park , Darley Abbey Mills , Derby , DE22 1DZ . Only a few spaces are left , but tickets are still available for £15 and the walk is raising funds for Rainbows Children 's Hospice . For more information regarding the walk or hospice please follow this link : http : //darleyabbeyghostwalk.com/ .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Derby Gaol and Police Museum
If you do n't fancy taking a ghost tour then you can always visit Derby Gaol , which is open every Saturday from 11am-3pm . Entrance is £3 for adults and £1 for children under the age of 16 .
You 'll be given a tour and you can hear about some of the prisoners that are rumoured to still haunt the building . After you can browse the collection of artefacts and items that are on display in the Derby Police Museum .
Derby Goal is based on Friary Gate , Derby , DE1 1DF and more information is available on http : //www.derbygaol.com/index.htm .
Chesterfield Ghost Trail
Discover the ghost filled history of Chesterfield with this tour of old town streets . The Ghost Trails departs from outside the Market Pub at 7.30pm every Thursday .
The pub is based on 95 New Square , Chesterfield , Derbyshire , S40 1AH . Prices are set at £6 per person and £4 for under 16s , certain public sector workers , students and Unison members . For more information check out their website : http : //chesterfield-ghost-trail.co.uk/ and be sure to keep up to date with their Facebook page for the latest news https : //www.facebook.com/Chesterfieldghosttrail/ .
Bolsover Castle Ghost Tours
Book your ghost tour at Bolsover Castle close to this Halloween . The eerie tour will take you around the castle , in the evening , whilst you hear haunted tales . The tour is so scary that it 's only suitable for over 16s !
Tickets are retailed at £20 for non-members and £15 for members . Bolsover Castle is based on Castle Street , Derbyshire , S44 6PR . To find out more details visit the heritage site on : http : //www.english-heritage.org.uk/visit/whats-on/ghost-tours-bolsover-castle-07-10-2017/ .
Peak Cavern Ghost Tours
Peak Cavern dare you to enter ‘ The Devil 's Arse ' . The guide takes you on a candle-lit tour of the Peak Cavern as they tell you of haunting tales and on-goings from the local area . Their ghost tours are not available for anyone under the age of 11 .
The tour starts at 6pm on the 7 , 14 , 21 and 25 October . Tickets retail at £11.50 for adults and £9.50 for children 11-15 years old .
For more information surrounding the Peak Cavern tours visit their website : http : //peakcavern.co.uk/ghost-tours/ .
A 18-year-old driver who fled the scene after their car hit a cyclist has been sentenced to community service in lieu of going to prison .
Melvin Rattigan , now aged 20 , failed to observe oncoming traffic before colliding with cyclist Laura Briggs , leaving them with serious injuries including a hairline skull fracture .
Rattigan was an inexperienced driver at the time and did not have a full driving licence or insurance .
They told gardaí they “ panicked ” after hitting the cyclist and drove off . They said they had not heard or seen the taxi driver who followed them and told them to return to the scene .
Rattigan , of St Mary 's Park , Dunsink Lane , Finglas , Dublin , pleaded guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to dangerous driving causing serious bodily harm to Ms Briggs at Lower Dominick Street , Dublin , on May 13th , 2015 .
They have no previous convictions .
Passing sentence on Friday , Judge Karen O'Connor said it was an unusual case of dangerous driving causing serious harm , in that Rattigan had not been speeding , nor had they drunk alcohol or taken illicit substances .
They said it was at the “ lower end ” of the range of seriousness for such offences , because although Rattigan should have observed the cyclist , “ he simply did n't see her ” .
The judge noted Rattigan 's previous good character and their efforts to further their education , and ordered a report from the Probation Service to assess their suitability for community service .
Pending that report , they sentenced Rattigan to 240 hours of community service in lieu of two years in jail .
Rattigan made the sum of €3,000 available by way of redress , but the court heard that Ms Briggs declined the money and asked that it be given to St Francis Hospice in Raheny and a youth charity .
Deeply hurt
The judge said the impact of the collision on Ms Briggs was very serious and had deeply hurt them both physically and emotionally .
They also noted that Ms Briggs was at a financial loss of €6,000 as a result of their medical treatment .
Ms Briggs had previously read their victim-impact statement out in court , outlining that they had ongoing difficulties from their injuries and suffered from depression .
As well as a hairline fracture to their skull requiring stitches , their wrist was fractured which had left them with 50 per cent less grip , unable to use a camera at work and in need of ongoing physical therapy .
At the original sentence hearing , Garda Niall McCormack said Ms Briggs had been cycling home from work at lunchtime .
They agreed with Anne-Marie Lawlor SC , defending , that both parties had a green light but Ms Briggs had the right of way as Rattigan was attempting to make a right turn from Dorset Street on to Dominic Street .
Garda McCormack also agreed that Rattigan took the turn on the green light , not observing that there was a cyclist in oncoming traffic .
Rattigan told gardaí that they thought Ms Briggs had got back up and was okay after the collision . They said they had “ absolutely panicked ” and driven off . They said they did not hear a taxi driver who had followed them to tell them to go back to the scene .
Ms Lawlor said Rattigan felt huge regret and was shocked that Ms Briggs had been injured in the way they are .
The judge ordered a report to be prepared for March 16th to assess Rattigan 's suitability to carry out community service .
Roseanne Barr has blamed a tweet in which they compared an African American woman to an ape on the influence of sleeping pills . The TV star , who also falsely said that Valerie Jarrett , former adviser to Barack Obama , has connections to the Muslim Brotherhood , says their tweet was written after they had taken the prescription sleeping pill Ambien .
ABC , the network that airs the sitcom Roseanne , cancelled the show on Tuesday and said it would not be renewed for a second season after what it called “ abhorrent ” and “ repugnant ” tweets . Barr ( 65 ) has since defended herself , writing : “ It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting , ” Barr tweeted . “ It was Memorial Day too . I went too far and do not want it defended . It was egregious [ and ] indefensible . ”
“ I think Joe Rogan is right about Ambien , ” they added , referencing the comedian and UFC host who described the drug as “ scary stuff ” . “ Not giving excuses for what I did [ tweeted ] but I 've done weird stuff while on Ambien : cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc. ” Barr will appear on Rogan 's podcast , The Joe Rogan Experience , this Friday
Ambien is also known as zolpidem , which is part of the Z drug family , a group of medications designed to help people sleep .
The revival of Roseanne was the most popular US show of 2018 , with an average of 18 million viewers per episode . The reboot 's debut episode attracted 27.3 million viewers , including those using on-demand services .
Barr subsequently wrote : “ I apologise to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans . I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks . I should have known better . Forgive me – my joke was in bad taste . ”
In a second statement they said : “ Today my words caused hundreds of hardworking people to lose their jobs . I sincerely apologise to the audience that has embraced my work for decades . ”
Earlier they apologised to their colleagues on Roseanne who lost their jobs following the show 's cancellation .
They wrote : “ Do n't feel sorry for me , guys ! ! – I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people , and wonderful writers ( all liberal ) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet . ”
‘ Thoughtless joke '
In a longer statement issued to Buzzfeed News , Barr again said sorry for the “ thoughtless joke ” and asked for forgiveness .
As well as the apology , Barr also retweeted messages of support from fans who had backed the star using the hashtag # StandWithRoseanne .
One tweet juxtaposed Barr 's comparison of Jarrett with an ape to other posts comparing images of Donald Trump to orangutans .
Following their original comments , Barr was widely condemned from celebrities including their own castmates .
Writing on Twitter , British actor Minnie Driver , who stars in ABC 's Speechless , wrote : “ So proud of ABCNetwork for having the ethical compunction to cancel # Rosanne despite the show 's huge numbers . We too make a show about a middle class family , come and watch us instead # speechless Speechless_ABC . ”
Sara Gilbert , who starred alongside Barr in Roseanne , labelled their comments “ abhorrent ” .
They said : “ Roseanne 's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett , and so much more , are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show . I am disappointed in their actions to say the least . ”
Another of Barr 's co-stars , Emma Kenney , revealed they were ready to quit the show in protest at the comments .
They tweeted : “ I am hurt , embarrassed , and disappointed . The racist and distasteful comments from Roseanne are inexcusable .
“ As I called my manager to quit working on Roseanne , I was told it was cancelled . I feel so empowered by iamwandasykes , Channing Dungey and anyone at ABC standing up for morals and abuse of power . Bullies will NEVER win . ”
‘ Garbage '
Film director Ava DuVernay posted a photo of ABC entertainment boss Channing Dungey , along with the words : “ For the record , this is Channing Dungey . Sitting on top of your world like a Queen in full judgement of your garbage and taking it out . # Roseanne . ”
Ms Jarrett , speaking on MSNBC , said : “ I 'm fine . I 'm worried about the people out there who do n't have a circle of friends and followers who come right to their defence . ”
Barr 's agency , ICM Partners , has dropped them as a client . Co-star Sara Gilbert , who plays Darlene , condemned the tweets as “ abhorrent ” , and the actor and comedian Kumail Nanjiani tweeted : “ I 'm glad Roseanne is canceled . The backlash to its cancellation is going to be a deafening nightmare . Nothing good has come of this entire thing . ”
In March , Barr told ABC 's Good Morning America that Mr Trump had called them to congratulate the ratings success their revived sitcom had experienced .
Barr has been a vocal backer of the US president and also plays one of their supporters in Roseanne .
At the time Barr said the the Republican was happy for her , adding : “ I 've known them for many years and he 's done a lot of nice things for me over the years. ” – PA , Guardian Service
Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Chad Bettis high-fives teammates in the dugout before a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Denver . The game marks Bettis ' first of the year after battling cancer . Jack Dempsey AP Photo
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo . Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni ...
Mnuchin Takes Heat Over Trade at G-20
Financial leaders and central bankers are heading to Buenos Aires as the first G-20 finance meeting of the year begins . Bloomberg 's Michael McKee reports on `` Bloomberg Daybreak : Australia . '' ( Source : Bloomberg )
The inclusion of online supermarket grocer Ocado in the UK 's benchmark Ftse 100 index and the flirtation of bricks-and-mortar retailer Marks & Spencer with relegation from the influential index highlights the evolution that is taking place in consumer spending .
As noted by Bloomberg on Wednesday , Ocado shares have more than tripled since the beginning of November amid a flurry of technology-licensing deals , including a landmark pact this month with US retailer Kroger , which analysts at HSBC and IG Group Holdings Plc said has altered the market 's view of the company . The Kroger deal sent Ocado 's stock surging 44 percent in a single day .
By contrast , Marks & Spencer is in flux , announcing last week that it plans to close 100 shops by 2022 , in a move that will result in the elimination of thousands of jobs . This is part of a move to repair the company 's profits .
The Guardian newspaper quoted Sacha Berendji , M & S 's retail , operations and property director , as saying the company was trying to make its store estate “ more relevant ” and better able to support the growth of its website .
The rise of Ocado shares has put its valuation multiples squarely in line with online giant Amazon .
New data yesterday from research group IGD suggests that the trend towards online food and grocery retailing will only accelerate in the years ahead .
IGD predicted that UK online grocery sales would grow 48 per cent by 2022 and account for 7.5 per cent of the total grocery market there . In China the online grocery market is expected to grow 286 per cent by 2022 and account for 11.1 per cent of the total market . The US market is forecast to grow by 129 per cent over the same period .
If these predictions turn out to be correct , M & S 's stay of execution from being dumped from the Ftse 100 might only be temporary .
Some Nigerians on Twitter have called on the Federal Government to properly brand Fela Anikulapo-Kuti 's story and legacy in order to increase tourists influx in the country .
The call came following the visit of French President Emmanuel Macron to the New Afrika Shrine , which is a popular Fela ‘ museum ' .
Fela was a legendary multi-instrumentalist , musician , composer and pioneer of the Afrobeat music genre .
They were also a human rights activist , and political maverick .
The proponents of the branding explained that the late Afrobeats Legend remains an international brand even after death as they pique the interest of music lovers and Human Rights activists alike .
They held the opinion that the Federal Government could generate huge revenues from tourists who would want a structured guide on the life and times of Fela , especially in Lagos .
@ Yemitwist tweeted , “ No doubt , Fela is enough tourism . ”
@ Joidbg wrote , “ Believe it or not # Fela can generate the ministry of tourism enough income if branded properly… # CelebrateAfricanCulture # MacronAtNewAfrikaShrine ” .
@ BanksandPhil tweeted , “ Nigeria needs to tap into the influence and legacy of the great legend Fela Anikulapo Kuti . Abami Eda is an icon all over the world . This is a tourist attraction Nigeria can benefit from . ”
@ Iam_realjayson said , “ If President Emmanuel Macron could visit the Afrika Shrine in Lagos to # CelebrateAfricanCulture , then truly , we are yet to really understand and appreciate the value of Fela ! Pele is considered a National Asset in Brazil . What have we done with Fela ? Fela is enough tourism ! ”
There are a few factors to be considered before undergoing the Lasik Surgery in Dubai . You need to make sure you are suitable to go ahead with this surgery .
The minimum age to consider the Lasik treatment is 18 years . You should be above 18 years to be eligible for this surgery . The eyes of people under 18 are still developing and changing and it would not be advisable to do this surgery for a pair of eyes that is not 18 years old .
If you are pregnant or nursing it would be healthy to postpone the surgery . You can wait until you have delivered the baby or stopped nursing to make an appointment for the surgery . If you think it is essential for you to still go ahead with the surgery you can talk to your surgeon and make sure if it is safe .
Your general health should be in a good condition . Lasik treatment is not usually recommended for people with diabetes , lupus , disorders of the cornea , retinal diseases and glaucoma . Once again , you can consult your surgeon to make sure you are healthy and if you have one of these conditions , you can ask them if you can undergo the surgery .
If you have experienced dry eyes in the past this might negatively affect the surgery . Dry eyes could be the results of wearing contact lenses , taking certain medication or any other reason . You will have to determine if your eyes are dry and what can be done to fix this . Once again , you will have to obtain the expertise of a surgeon .
If you are a person who enjoys wearing glasses or contacts you might have to forgo the surgery . After the surgery , you will have to give up on wearing glasses and contacts .
Your workplace requirements should be taken into consideration before the surgery . If for instance you are working in the construction industry and work in a dusty environment , you will have to consider how you will get through work after the surgery for a few days . You will need to consider if you can take a few days off work to recover from the surgery in a normal environment .
Take into account the factors mentioned above to avoid any complications and consequences that can not be fixed or reversed .
Automotive grease helps diminish friction and wear , provide corrosion protection , seal bearings from contaminants and water , repel leakage , resist change in consistency or structure during service , maintain flexibility under conditions of application , and repel or tolerate moisture . The consistency or hardness of the grease is measured by a penetrometer , which consists of a cone of specific weight and size dropped into the grease for five seconds . The color of the grease is determined by thickener , base oil , dye , and additive . Grease can be of any color to suit a particular application , environment , or identification purposes . The ability of any particular grease to be handled by grease dispensers , grease pumps , and other components in an automated greasing system depends on the viscosity of the grease . Depending on the application of grease , different base oils and thickeners can be used .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/automotive-grease-market.html
Growth in the automotive industry is anticipated to boost the demand for automotive grease . Additionally , increase in demand for automobiles in emerging economies in Asia Pacific and Latin America is estimated to further propel the demand for automotive grease . However , strict environmental regulations , fluctuation in prices of raw materials , and weak demand in Europe and North America are projected to hamper market growth .
The shelf life of grease is affected by the amount and type of thickener used , consistency of the grease , formulation complexity , and manufacturing method employed . Generally , lithium complex , straight lithium , and calcium complex greases remain stable for an extended time . Barium and bentone greases tend to soften upon aging . Based on these , the shelf life of most Penrite greases is about seven years . However , semi-fluid grease and steering box lubricant have just two years of shelf life .
Asia Pacific is projected to be the key region of the automotive grease market , followed by North America and Europe , during the forecast period . India and China are the major markets in Asia
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=22223
Pacific due to the presence of an established automotive industry . Singapore , Republic of Korea , Vietnam , and Malaysia are expected to be other prominent consumers of automotive grease in Asia Pacific . The automotive grease market in Europe and North America is projected to experience moderate to high growth rate during the forecast period . The automotive grease market in Latin America is also likely to expand at a rapid pace due to the increase in number of cars in emerging economies in the region . Argentina and Brazil are estimated to be major consumers of automotive grease in Latin America .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
WENATCHEE — State and local police have been out on the roads in force over the last two weeks to watch for impaired drivers , with emphasis patrols happening in Wenatchee , East Wenatchee , Brewster , and Chelan , Douglas and Okanogan counties .
In December , however , many of the traffic collisions are not the result of a drunk driver , but rather a driver who failed to slow down despite ice and snow on the roads .
Washington State Patrol Trooper Brian Moore said from Dec.…
Managing director and chief executive officer of Homes and Home Limited , Dr. Ikem Ume-ezeoke Wednesday in Lagos received the 2018 Service to the Nation Award of Excellence by the Congress of Nigerian Youths in recognition of their support to youths , outstanding service to humanity and for excelling in the real estate sector .
In presenting the award , Ambassador Lolade Paul , who is the chairperson of the award committee noted “ I am happy to present you this award of excellence as an emissary of global transformation , this is in recognition of your hard work , commitment , passionate professional capabilities , unquestionable landmark achievements in real estate management , evaluation of lands and properties , youth and student development initiatives and selfless service to humanity and our country Nigeria in particular ”
After receiving the award , Dr. Ikem Ume-ezeoke thanked the National Youth Congress while committing to continuous effort towards supporting the youths in Nigeria . They noted that Nigerian youths possess great potentials that need to be properly channeled towards achieving national development and economic growth . They urged youths to see themselves as capable of bringing Nigeria to greater global recognition through their contributions and hard work in every sector they find themselves .
They said “ thank you for this honor and award . I can assure you that I will continue to support the development of the Nigerian youth , and through my work in the real estate and property sector and other human capacity development projects , I will continue to employ and prepare Nigerian youths for the task of nation building . Nigeria only needs just little push by the youths to explode into a great economic power house ; this will deliver economic prosperity to all citizens ”
1:31 For Charles and Juanita , 80-plus Valentine 's Days and counting Pause
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery 's Chocolate and Wine Festival
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
2:13 Washington state Gov . Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Matchless Brewing makes move to its own space
1:04 River Ridge 's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations , business dealings in first post-election press conference
HVAC Diffusers Market : Introduction
Diffusers are employed in all HVAC ( heating , ventilation , and air conditioning ) systems to control the air/water velocity and increase static pressure , thereby uniformly distributing the air in the desired direction . HVAC Diffusers fit into a huge array of end use sectors , such as commercial , residential , hospitals , pharmaceutical , food and packaging , automotive , aerospace and marine and many others and thus , the HVAC diffusers market is all set to witness positive growth . Based on installation , HVAC Diffusers are of three types : wall mounted , floor mounted and ceiling mounted . Further , the HVAC Diffusers market can be classified according to the product type into porous tube or porous plate type .
HVAC Diffusers Market : Drivers and Challenges
Industrialization in emerging markets and rapid urbanization are two of the primary drivers for the global HVAC diffuser market . Increasing urbanization has led to huge changes in lifestyle , resulting in increased demand for smart buildings with efficient HVAC systems . These smart buildings provide comfortable living and reduced consumption of energy . That apart , governments across the world are inclined towards smart buildings and hence , they are investing exponentially in the construction industry . This demographic change is expected to augment the HVAC diffuser market 's growth during the forecast period . Further , rising pollution has triggered a number of health issues and thus , increasing demand for air purifiers which can provide fresh air is being noticed . This particular factors will also add to the growth of the HVAC Diffusers and HVAC systems .
Furthermore , changing climatic conditions in certain regions due to global warming are also driving the demand for effective heating , ventilating and air conditioning systems , which in turn , will fuel the growth of the HVAC diffuser market . Further , technological advancements , such as smart phone controlled HVAC systems ( IoT integrated ) , are stipulated to further drive the HVAC diffusers market over the forecast period .
In all , HVAC Diffusers market ( heating , ventilation , and air conditioning ) is expected to grow exponentially during the forecast period .
On the flip side , HVAC systems use some harmful gases , such as chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , which results in ozone layer depletion . Thus , stringent government regulations are being applied to the installation of HVAC systems , especially Industrial HVAC systems . Also , though HVAC systems are economical for the residential sector , this is not case for industrial and commercial sectors . In addition to this , commercial and industrial HVAC systems need frequent maintenance . Hence , these factors could hinder the growth of the HVAC diffuser market during the forecast period .
Request for Report Sample : https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23431
Global HVAC Diffusers : Market Segmentation
On the basis of mounting type , the global HVAC Diffusers market has been segmented as :
• Celling Mounted
• Wall Mounted
• Floor Mounted
On the basis of product type , the global HVAC Diffusers market has been segmented as :
• Porous tube type
• Porous plate type
On the basis of End Use , the global HVAC Diffusers market has been segmented as :
• Residential
• Commercial
• Automotive
• Oil & Gas
• Aerospace & Marine
• Hospitals & Pharmaceuticals
• Food & Beverage
• Power
• Others
HVAC Diffusers Market : Regional Overview
Geographically , the HVAC Diffusers market is segmented into North America , Latin America , Europe , China , Japan , Middle East and Africa and South East Asia . The global HVAC diffuser market is expected to grow with healthy annual growth rate during the forecast period . Among all the regions , North America is expected to dominate the HVAC diffuser market owing to increasing demand from various industrial and manufacturing sectors as well as growing consumer preference for better living . Asia Pacific region is expected to follow North America and accounts for a significant market share in the HVAC diffusers market owing to growing industrialization and commercialization . Middle East Africa and Latin America are expected to witness average growth in the HVAC diffusers market owing to the enhancing economic conditions . Overall , the HVAC diffuser market is anticipated to witness a profitable future .
Request for Report TOC : https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/23431
Global HVAC Diffusers Market : Key Players
Examples of some of the key players operating in the global HVAC Diffusers market :
• TROX GmbH
• Systemair AB
• ROCCHEGGIANI SPA
• Rentschler REVEN GmbH , Sersheim
• Luwa Air Engineering AG
• LTG AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
• Aldes Group
• Alfa Mega Inc .
• Ruskin Titus India Pvt . Limited
• VENTECH
Virat - Anushka Wedding : Jacqueline Fernandez , Alia , Mouni Roy , Taapsee WISH the couple | FilmiBeat
Since a last couple of days , Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma 's 'hush-hush ' wedding plans are the topic on everyone 's lips .
While rumors are rife that the wedding is slated to be held on 15th December , a certain section of media claims that the duo have already tied the knot .
Virat and Anushka have neither confirmed nor denied the news but reports suggest that the wedding will be held in Italy .
Last evening , when B-town celebs graced the red carpet of Lux Golden Rose Awards 2017 , they too were flooded with questions pertaining to 'Virushka 's marriage . Here 's how they react to the same ...
Jacqueline Fernandez The Sri Lankan beauty kind of confirmed the news , did a happy dance and quipped , I am so so excited . I think it is amazing news . I am really happy for Anushka and Virat . I ca n't wait for it . '' Katrina Kaif 's Response Kat chose to avoid the question and instead added , So , we have come to that part of the night . This part of the night , this is what I do . '' Bhumi Pednekar The actor said , `` Well , I am a little confused , what 's happening ? Are they ? ( laughs ) Well if it is true , then congratulations . They are quite a power couple . They are amazing individually and together . '' Taapsee Pannu `` Let 's first get it confirmed that it is happening . Why are you guys after their lives ? Let them get married in peace , and if at all they are getting married , just let them be ! `` , quipped the 'Judwaa 2 ' actor . Sushant Singh Rajput The actor looks surprised and thanked the reports for informing them about the news . They later added , `` I do n't know ( laughs ) . This is really good news . Thank you for informing me . I want to congratulate them . One is among my favourite actors and the other is one of my favourite cricketsr . So for me , it 's a double joy . '' Chupke- Chupke If rumours are to be believed then 'Virushka ' will tie the knot in a private ceremony at Hotel Borgo Finochito in Italy . One also hears that the couple will throw a lavish wedding reception on 26th of this month .
Well , let 's hope that the lovebirds make some official announcement soon !
Louis Fitzgerald , the veteran publican and hotelier whose family-owned group comprises 17 venues , is back on the acquisitions trail for the first time since the economy recovered .
Mr Fitzgerald has partnered with their son and nephew to buy the Gondola pub in Newcastle , west Dublin . It was on the market late last year for a price in the region of €800,000 , sources said , and was sold ahead of an auction scheduled for October .
Mr Fitzgerald confirmed that they are providing financial backing for the purchase , and said the pub is to be renamed Annie May .
“ My nephew , Eugene Spellman , had a pub , Roche 's , down in the bog [ in Donadea in Kildare ] . I was an investor in that , but it has been sold , so now my nephew and my son have bought the pub in Newcastle and I 'm supporting it , ” they said .
They said the pub also comes with a development site in the outer Dublin suburb , a short distance off the N7 , not far from Citywest . The pub was marketed by John P Younge auctioneers as a mixed-use redevelopment site on one acre .
Stag 's Head pub
They explained that the new name for the pub was an amalgamation of the names of their mother and their mother-in-law .
“ Annie was my mother and they lived until they were aged 99 . May was the name my wife 's [ Helen Fitzgerald ] mother . So for the two lads [ Mr Spellman and Mr Fitzgerald 's son , Barry Fitzgerald ] the pub is named after their grannies . ”
They said it is the only pub open in Newcastle , where they said there is an upsurge in demand for residential property . It is located less than a ten-minute drive from the Poitín Still on the N7 , one of the flagship pubs in the Louis Fitzgerald group .
Mr Fitzgerald , whose group includes two hotels as well as well-known pubs such as the Stag 's Head and Kehoe 's , said their city centre pubs are trading well .
“ But there does n't seem to be an awful lot of properties for sale . We have a couple of properties lined up that we will try to redevelop , ” they said .
In 2014 , using backing from Broadhaven Capital and AIB , they refinanced €60 million of loans that had been acquired by Goldman Sachs from Anglo Irish Bank . Since then , their children have taken a more prominent role in the group .
“ Niamh looks after the two hotels . Eddie operates the pubs , Barry looks after the maintenance of the buildings , and Louise does the marketing for the group . ”
Most recent accounts for Burtse , a group company , showed sales of near €58 million and profits of €6.1 million for the year to the end of June 2016 .
( WSVN ) - If you 're like us , experiencing Coachella is really a dream , because you ca n't get your hands on a ticket . Well , celebrities do , and they get VIP access . And since they document it all on social media , we can live vicariously through them and make our dreams a reality .
Lady Gaga : “ Hands up , Coachella ! ”
Lady Gaga brought the house down at Coachella this weekend .
Lady Gaga : ( singing ) “ So baby tell me yes , I will give you everything . ”
They topped off their show-stopping performance with the debut of their latest single “ The Cure . ”
Lady Gaga ( singing ) : “ If I ca n't find the cure , I 'll fix you with my love . ”
But that was n't the music festival 's only shining moment .
Rihanna glistened from head to toe in the California desert . They did show their face for a little , though .
Meanwhile , Katy Perry and Olivia Culpo flocked to the festival .
It was a weekend of PDA for Selena Gomez and their new beau — the Weeknd .
Kylie Jenner seemed to take it all in with pals .
Big sister Kendall grooved to the beat in their first appearance since their Pepsi commercial controversy — and also sported a barely there peek-a-boo outfit .
Vanessa Hudgens kicked off their weekend with some bubbly . They were all smiles with their crew . And Nick Jonas showed off their guns in their Coachella garb .
DJ Khaled : ( singing ) “ Everybody 's hands go up , and they stay there . ”
Everybody 's hands were up when Miami 's own DJ Khaled took the stage .
And they brought a few of their superstar pals , like Rick Ross , to join them for the performance .
Emma Roberts was feeling the sunshine in the desert , while Hailee Steinfeld braced for the desert storm with a bandanna covering them face .
Apparently , that 's a thing at Coachella . Lady Gaga got one sent to them beforehand .
Drake : ( singing ) “ I said I 've been down so long it looks like up to me , they look up to me . ”
Not to be outdone , Drake also hit the stage . The rapper quenched the thirst of their desert fans with a surprise performance that rained their hits down upon them .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Italy tightens rules on migrant repatriation after mass arrivals
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man was taken to hospital and serious damage was caused to a pub during a night of violence in Mickleover after last night 's England game .
Police were called to Uttoxeter Road at around 10pm after reports of trouble at The Vine Inn .
Officers say a group of people caused significant damage to the pub by smashing up light fittings , drinks glasses , skirting boards , blinds and other property .
At around the same time , police were called to an alleged assault outside the nearby Nags Head pub .
Violence flared during the aftermath of England 's World Cup penalty shoot-out win against Columbia .
( Image : Google Maps )
A 21-year-old man was taken to hospital with minor facial injuries .
Derbyshire Police have condemned the night of violence . In a statement the force said : `` Earlier in the day , we posted on our social media channels encouraging football fans to enjoy the game safely .
`` Incidents like this are frightening and disturbing for people attempting to do just that , as it is for pub staff bystanders who have no part in the disorder .
`` Our investigation into these incidents is ongoing . ''
Mickleover police officer Tracy Bell revealed on Twitter that the night ruined a good evening out for many football fans .
They tweeted : `` After the footie match last night , Mickleover pubs had to close early due to a select group of individuals fighting and causing criminal damage in one of the pubs .
`` This behaviour has ruined a good night for many . Please drink sensibly . # WorldCup # drinkresponsibly . ''
More news from Mickleover - Anger at builders 'starting too early and covering roads in mud ' - Beauty queen brings message of hope to victims of sexual assault - Hot August Night concert will raise money for Mickleover projects - Bomb squad called as explosive device is found at Derby home
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Market Highlights :
5G is the up-coming fifth-generation wireless broadband technology which is based on the IEEE 802.11ac standard . 5G connectivity is going to provide better speeds and coverage than other connectivity . The technology operates with a 5 GHz signal and offers a speed up to 1GB per second . The signal technology also provides better coverage and signaling efficiency . The 5G technology is expected to launch by 2020 .
The factors contributing to the growth of the 5G technology are the shift toward new broadband technology , growing demand for high data speed , huge network coverage , and stable growth in the mobile data traffic , increasing demand for machine-to- machine communication in organizations and the increasing demand for broadband services over other mobile networks . The continuous demand from subscribers for better mobile broadband experiences is encouraging the growth of the 5G technology market . The market is expected to grow at a fast pace in 2020 .
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2988
Major Key Players
Telstra ( Australia ) ,
KT ( South Korea ) ,
Turkcell ( Turkey ) ,
SoftBank ( Japan ) ,
SK Telecom ( South Korea ) ,
LG Uplus ( South Korea ) ,
NTT DOCOMO ( Japan ) ,
KDDI ( Japan ) ,
MTS ( Russia ) ,
China Mobile ( China ) ,
TeliaSonera ( Sweden ) , Telefónica ( Spain ) , Vodafone Group ( U.K. ) , Singtel ( Singapore ) , Verizon ( U.S. ) , T-Mobile ( U.S. ) , China Unicom ( China ) , and Deutsche Telekom ( Germany ) among other are some of the prominent players profiled in MRFR Analysis and are at the forefront of competition in the Global 5G Technology Market .
Other players in the market include Korea Telecom ( South Korea ) , Nokia Networks ( Finland ) , Samsung ( South Korea ) , Qualcomm ( U.S. ) , Intel ( U.S. ) , NEC Corporation ( Japan ) , Huawei ( China ) , Verizon ( U.S. ) , AT & T ( U.S. ) , T-Mobile USA , Inc. , LG ( South Korea ) , and China Mobile ( China ) .
5G technology Global Market – Regional Analysis
On the basis of region , North America is expected to gain the most promising returns in the 5G technology market . U.S and Canada are expected to drive the growth of the 5G technology market in North America owing to the presence of a large number of established key players and increasing demand for high speed data connectivity across different industry verticals . 5G technology market in Asia Pacific is expected to drive the growth of 5G technology market and Japan is expected to show most promising returns among other countries . This is owing to growing urbanization and increasing investments in the research and development sector in China , Japan , and India in the region .
5G technology Global Market – Segmentation
The 5G technology market can be classified into 4 key segments for the convenience of the report and enhanced understanding ;
Segmentation by Usability : Comprises Enhanced Mobile Broadband , Massive Internet of Things and Mission Critical Services .
Segmentation by Technology : Radio Access Technologies ( RAT ) , Wi-Fi , High-Speed Package Access ( HSPA ) , Global System for Mobile ( GSM ) , and Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access ( WiMAX ) .
Segmentation by Application : Healthcare , Consumer Electronics , Retail , Home Automation , Energy & Utility , Automotive , Industrial Automation , Intelligent Buildings and Infrastructure , and Public Safety & Surveillance .
Segmentation by Region : North America , Europe , Asia Pacific and Rest of the World .
Browse Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/5g-technology-market-2988
Intended Audience :
NEW YORK , NY - OCTOBER 17 : Matt Harvey # 33 of the New York Mets pitches against the Chicago Cubs during game one of the 2015 MLB National League Championship Series at Citi Field on October 17 , 2015 in the Flushing neighborhood of the Queens borough of New York City . ( Photo by Alex Goodlett/Getty Images )
Dark horse for Dark knight ? The Mets , who could use both a second baseman and relief help , are reportedly making RHP Matt Harvey available , and that would be a very intriguing arm for the Rangers rotation . The Rangers have a second baseman to trade in Jurickson Profar . To boot , Harvey has struggled to recover from Thoracic Outlet Syndrome surgery , and that 's a rehab the Rangers seem to specialize in . All makes sense so far .
Here 's where it might not : Harvey , who is coming off a dreadful year , is a free agent after 2018 . If they bounce back , he 's likely to try to parlay that into a mega free-agent contract . It fits the Rangers ' short-term needs , but not necessarily the long-term demands for pitching . If the Rangers are to put Profar in a trade , it still seems necessary that they include them in a package for a more long-term need : A controllable pitcher , a catcher or an athletic and defensive outfielder .
Here 's the catch : While the Rangers are willing to give Brett Nicholas and waiver-claim Juan Centeno a chance to win the backup catcher 's job , they could use a little more experience to pair with Robinson Chirinos .
`` It 's definitely an area we are looking at , '' GM Jon Daniels said . `` Probably somebody who could be focused on the pitching staff and defense . ''
A name to consider on that front : Soon to be 39-year-old Carlos Ruiz . Pitchers love him . Especially Cole Hamels , who worked with them for nearly a decade in Philadelphia . Ruiz is no longer a starter , but would conceivably be a great mentor for Chirinos as they continue to grow as a starter and would also likely fit with the pitching staff .
If the Rangers go `` bigger '' at catcher : Switch-hitting Alex Avila is still on the market .
Leaning left : The Rangers really could use a little more balance to their lineup . Just consider this : Joey Gallo , Rougned Odor , Nomar Mazara and Shin-Soo Choo , as it stands now , are everyday players and all left-handed hitters . Willie Calhoun , Drew Robinson and Ronald Guzman , all lefties , might also be considerations .
The Rangers hit just .248 against left-handed pitchers last season , 10th in the AL , and ranked ninth in OPS at .738 .
`` If we could balance that out a little , we would like to , '' Daniels said of their lineup . `` Ultimately , we lean a little too heavily on the left . We try to prioritize our needs , though , and as we are talking right now , it 's probably behind pitching and defense . ''
Odds and ends : Speaking of Gallo , do n't try to pin them down to one specific position just yet . Daniels said an argument could be made that he 's both the team 's best defensive first base option and the best defensive corner outfielder . Their usage will likely be determined by whether the Rangers get another bat and where that bat plays best defensively . ... The Rangers are open to re-signing INF Hanser Alberto , who was not tendered a contract , to a minor league contract . Alberto could compete for the utility infielder 's job . They can play all four infield positions and is popular within the clubhouse . They missed all of 2017 with shoulder issues . ... The Rangers head into the meetings 15th in the Rule 5 draft order , which concludes the meetings . Four teams , however , have full 40-man rosters and , barring trades , would not be eligible to draft . The Rangers used the Rule 5 draft in 2014 to select Delino DeShields .
A British army officer has been convicted over the killing of a soldier from Co Cork who was fatally shot during a training exercise , the Ministry of Defence said .
Captain Jonathan Price ( 32 ) , was found guilty of manslaughter by gross negligence following a seven-week court martial at Bulford , Wiltshire .
Ranger Michael Maguire , from Bantry , was one of several soldiers who came under machine gun fire during an exercise at the Castlemartin Training Area in Pembrokeshire in May 2012 for members of the 1st Battalion , Royal Irish Regiment .
They died after being struck in the forehead by a stray bullet from a machine gun .
Two other officers , Lieutenant Colonel Richard Bell ( 45 ) , and Warrant Officer Stuart Pankhurst ( 40 ) , were convicted of negligently performing a duty .
The defendants were accused of having “ a total disregard for the safety ” of their men when they organised a live ammunition training exercise ahead of deployment to Kenya , the court martial heard .
They are expected to be sentenced on July 24th .
A Victorian house in Sandycove , Co Dublin , familiar to generations of pre-schoolers who attended Eileen Sinnott 's playschool there , has been extended and renovated since new owners bought the property in 2002 .
Number 1 Cliff Terrace , Breffni Road , Sandycove , Co Dublin , a 278sq m ( 2,992sq ft ) two-storey-over-basement four-bed house – one of three on a terrace built around 1850 – is now for sale for €2.25 million . Located on the main Sandycove to Dalkey road close to the junction with Castlepark Road , the house has views of the sea from the rear of the property .
The current vendor – a regular swimmer at the nearby Forty Foot who had always wanted to live in Sandycove – bought the house from the late Eileen Sinnott 's family ( who had lived there for 50 years ) in 2002 and set about renovating it in 2006 .
The house was extended to the rear , creating space for a livingroom at basement level and a conservatory above it . The entire basement area is a modern space with a beige-tiled floor opening onto a patio that wraps around the house at the back .
Interconnecting reception rooms , connected by double doors , showcase matching marble fireplaces .
The basement has a further two livingrooms connected through a deep arch
The smaller of the two livingrooms in the basement is called the cinema room and has a large-screen TV
Original features
Rooms on the ground and first floor have original features , such as elaborate plasterwork in the front hall and stripped and polished floorboards . Walls are freshly painted in soft , neutral shades , and the entire property has been staged for sale by FitOut Interiors . The overall impression is of a house in walk-in condition .
Interconnecting reception rooms to the left of the front hall , connected by double doors , showcase matching marble fireplaces . The reception room on the right now accommodates a long Chalon design kitchen with a Travertine-tiled floor . This in turn opens at the end into a bright conservatory – described as an orangery – which operates as the diningroom .
The kitchen is smart , with a timber-topped island unit , marble fireplace , cream Aga and cream kitchen units . The dining room/orangery opens onto a glazed balcony from which stairs lead down to the garden .
On the first floor , past a tall , arched landing window , there are three bedrooms . The large main bedroom runs from the front to the rear of the house . It has polished timber floors , a large fireplace and views of the sea : some will fondly remember this as the room at the heart of Eileen 's playschool . Now it has a very smart ensuite with a step-in rainwater shower and stone wash-hand basin . There 's another smart shower room off the main landing .
The kitchen is smart , with a timber-topped island unit , marble fireplace , cream Aga and cream kitchen units .
The kitchen opens at the end into a bright conservatory – described as an orangery – which operates as the diningroom
The substantial basement space includes a large smart family bathroom with shower and freestanding clawfoot bath
French windows
The two other bedrooms off the landing are , unusually , connected by glazed French windows ; the room at the front could potentially be reconfigured as a dressingroom or study . The bedroom at the back has views of the sea .
Accommodation in the substantial basement space includes a utility room , a large smart family bathroom with shower and freestanding clawfoot bath , a double bedroom with French windows opening onto the patio , a large home office and a further two livingrooms connected through a deep arch .
The smaller of the two is described as a cinema room – it has a large wall-mounted TV – while the larger is described as the dayroom . It has been attractively decorated with a feature wall of black-and-white wallpaper depicting varieties of Irish trees , and French doors leading out to the paved patio .
Outside , there 's room for a large dining table on the patio , and garden lighting illuminates the steps leading up to the lawn . The granite-walled back garden is private and bountiful with apple , pear and plum trees .
There is room to park a couple of cars in the gravelled front garden .
Dubai : Planning to take a short break from work soon ? Now 's a good time to go on staycation , as there 's quite a good deal on holiday accommodations in the UAE .
In Abu Dhabi , home to a number of five-star luxury properties and family-friendly resorts , residents can enjoy a little pampering without breaking the bank , as hotels have just dropped their room rates , according to a recent research by London-based STR .
The company 's preliminary analysis showed that the entry of new hotels in the capital is again putting pressure on hotels to bring their room rates down to attract guests .
Occupancy rates at hotels in Abu Dhabi averaged 74.2 per cent in January , down by 1.4 per cent from a year earlier as the number of visitors could not fill the growing room supply .
The average daily rate at hotels in Abu Dhabi dropped significantly by 10 per cent to Dh465.80 in January compared to a year earlier , while the revenue per available room – a key industry metric commonly known as RevPAR , declined by 11.2 per cent to Dh345.68 .
This means that guests staying in Abu Dhabi hotels can expect to spend about 10 per cent less on rooms , be they economy , budget or the supremely luxurious .
“ Abu Dhabi 's [ room rates ] were once again pressured by supply growth in the market , ” STR said on Monday .
The market 's hotels did record a significant uptick in RevPAR on the last day of the month , when a huge stream of visitors flocked to the capital for the Global Space Congress that took place between January 31 and February 1 .
Towards the end of the month , hotels were mostly busy , with occupancy levels reaching 90.2 per cent on January 30 and 89.8 per cent on January 31 .
A few days ago Rep. Maxine Waters ( D-CA ) called for the impeachment of our President .
Waters took to Twitter to discuss their thoughts about the White House and its ties to the violence that ensued over the weekend in Charlottesville , Virginia .
They reminded us of the horrifying Trump rallies that have already scarred the country :
To clarify , what the President actually meant was that if people were smart , they would just get the protestors out of their rallies . They even offered to pay the legal fees of any person willing to defend them and others from violent protesters .
Waters was clearly just getting started :
Waters may be saying all of this now , but in the past they have in fact voiced their support for violent protests :
But , no one seemed to be buying it :
Homosexuality is n't something you like a disease . But clearly , no one told the priest who has said straight men should grow full and bushy beards to prevent them from accidentally swapping sexualities .
Metropolitan Kornily , Primate of the Russian Orthodox Old Believer Church , may not want to visit any of the gay bars because fulsome facial hair is totally on trend right now .
Kornily , who last month met up with Russian President Vladimir Putin , lamented that beards fashions are changing .
“ God set down certain rules . The Lord created everyone with a beard . No man can resist their creator , ” Kornily told Russia 's National News Service . “ It 's made a monstrous thing to see men 's clothing and hairstyles changing . ”
The beard had almost “ completely disappeared from the Catholic West , ” they added , surely a nod to the clean shaven Pope Francis .
Kornily said Russian men should refrain from the razor to “ protect themselves from homosexuality , ” reported the Moscow Times .
The holy man has yet to explain how gay man Conchita Wurst won the Eurovision Song Contest in drag with a beard .
Russia 's Old Believers split from the more mainstream Russian Orthodox Church in 1666 after shunning reforms made by Patriarch Nikon of Moscow .
Kornily 's comments might seem odd but Russia has become an increasingly troubled country for gay people to live in ,
While homosexuality is not illegal , a series of so-called “ gay propaganda ” laws has seen LGBTQ marches shut down and gay people sent underground . Authorities say the laws are in the interests of “ protecting ” children .
Earlier this year , the government of the autonomous Russian republic of Chechnya was accused of setting up concentration camps for gay people .
On Tuesday , The European Court of Human Rights ruled that a Russian law banning the promotion of homosexuality breaches European treaty rules on freedom of expression and is discriminatory against gay people , reported Reuters .
Three Russian gay rights activists brought the case against the 2013 federal statute .
“ The very purpose of the laws and the way they were formulated and applied in the applicants ' case had been discriminatory and , overall , served no legitimate public interest , ” the Strasbourg-based court said in a statement .
“ Indeed , by adopting such laws , the authorities had reinforced stigma and prejudice and encouraged homophobia , which was incompatible with the values of a democratic society . ”
Russia said it would appeal the ruling . “ The [ Russian ] Justice Ministry expresses its disagreement with the conclusions of the European Court , ” the ministry said in a statement , saying it would prepare an appeal within three months .
What event build will you guys run in Path of Exile ? As for mine , Champion Chin Sol with a kaoms heart .
Have n't decided on the skill yet . Ice shot is amazing with deadeyes chain , below average without chain . Tornado shot needs good investment to feel good while bossing . Lightning arrow is decent but no single target .
Shrapnel Shot with the two threshold jewels might actually work . Granted It 's not going to compare to the current meta , I 'm confident I should be able to boss with it very well and at least do 600k dps before the event ends .
Not planning to win since I prefer sleep . But I 'd like to see how far a tanky bow build can go without worrying about a weapon swap or a 6l chest and instead having a large amount of life . After-all , even a crappy bow skill will still off screen most content .
If that fails , white wind spectral throw until good weapons start appearing . Let 's take a look at the ideas of other players .
“ I might start with a build that can transition into this . Generic assassin spellcaster , transition into shield-charge CoC EK nova when you get some multiplier , then switch over to malice + discharge at devotion . ”
“ I 'm gon na start with either ED Trickster or Raider Sunder , get to 85 , and then start a KB wander up to 85 too , if I have more time ill also play one of the two builds that I didnt play ( probably Sunder , ED is just so cheap ) . ”
“ Juggernaut , which flavour depends on what drops . I thought I was going SSF but seeing as it is n't class based I do n't see any reason to actually race now . Might have gone guardian or something and tried to push but I think i 'll just try and get some items or currency I guess . ”
What about you ? If you are new to game , you can visit https : //www.u4gm.com/path-of-exile , there are some useful guides for you .
DAVIE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A Davie man says they and their two children are lucky to be alive after an SUV crashed into a Pollo Tropical in Davie , killing a mother of two .
The window of the Pollo Tropical located at 5780 S University Dr. has been boarded shut after a red Toyota SUV lost control and crashed into the restaurant , Friday .
Witness Steve Pierre was at the restaurant with their 7-year-old stepson , Cameron , and their 18-month-old daughter , Sarabi , at the time of the incident .
“ [ Sarabi ] went to go reach for the water that I had on the table , because they like to touch a lot , ” said Pierre . “ I told her , ‘ No , mommy . ' I pulled their stroller , and I pulled them right next to me . ”
Just seconds after Pierre moved their daughter 's stroller , the SUV drove between two palm trees and into the restaurant . “ I turned around , and as soon as I turned around I felt the impact , and I went flying , ” said Pierre .
After the impact , Pierre saw 41-year-old Zamara Gonzalez , a mother of two , pinned under the vehicle . They later died from their injuries . “ Mrs . Zamara Gonzalez — they were sitting down on that bench . I had my daughter in between the gap — between Ms. Zamara , ” Pierre said .
“ When I heard the people screaming , I did feel the impact . I got hit in the back of the head , I got hit in my shoulder , ” they said . “ I sat up when I heard people screaming , and I saw Zamara pinned under the car . And I screamed , ‘ Where 's my baby ! . ' They were literally inches from the car . ”
Sarabi was still in their stroller , unharmed , but their brother was not as lucky . “ My son was on the ground . They were fading in and out , and I picked them up and I ran outside , ” said Pierre .
Cameron was rushed to Memorial Regional Hospital , where they continue to recover .
“ He has a bruised lung , two broken ribs and a lacerated liver , ” Pierre said . “ He 's actually doing a lot better . I just feel terrible for the Gonzalez family . ”
Gonzalez was also rushed to the hospital , but their injuries were too severe .
“ That could have been me or my kids . We were literally inches away , ” Pierre said .
Cameron remains hospitalized , but doctors said the child is expected to make a full recovery .
Meanwhile , the Gonzalez family has been preparing a funeral to be held during the holiday season .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Nikolas Cruz appears in court with attorney Melissa McNeil ( L ) on Feb. 19 , 2018 .
PARKLAND , Fla. - A judge has decided that Parkland school shooting gunman Nikolas Cruz should continue to be represented by a public defender at taxpayer expense .
Broward County Circuit Judge Elizabeth Scherer 's ruling Tuesday says Cruz has at most $ 28,000 in assets . Scherer says that 's not enough money to hire a private lawyer in a potential death penalty case of this magnitude .
The 19-year-old Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the Feb. 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School .
They are being held without bail .
Cruz 's lawyers have said they will plead guilty if prosecutors waive the death penalty . The Broward County state attorney 's office has not been willing to do that .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
In this Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , photo , a one-horned rhinoceros stands inside the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary in Assam state , India . A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses . Anupam Nath AP Photo
Web development is one of tech 's most lucrative fields , however it 's still possible for newcomers to break into it as long as they have the right training . The Beginner Web Development Bundle is ideal for those new to programming , this four-course collection is designed to walk you through the essentials behind working with today 's top web development tools , like PHP , CSS , HTML , and JavaScript .
Jump in , and you 'll start mastering the syntax and applications of each tool and demonstrate your knowledge by completing practical projects . From creating professional websites to flashcard apps , you 'll receive the hands-on training necessary to validate your programming knowledge and break into the field .
You can get the Beginner Web Development Bundle for a special discount , lowering its $ 700+ retail price down to only $ 29 .
De Blasio 'ally ' blasts city 's 'incompetence ' toward minority hiring A longtime ally of Mayor de Blasio Monday blasted their administration as “ incompetent and immoral ” for not giving minority- and women-owned firms more city contracts . Black Institute CEO Bertha Lewis ...
Hakeem Jeffries has Mayor de Blasio in full panic mode Bill de Blasio , who has always preferred politics to policy , is back in their element — and the 2017 mayoral campaign is under way . How else to interpret theirs otherwise ...
Former ACORN chief backs Hillary Clinton Mayor de Blasio may be starting to feel “ left '' out . While he 's playing hard to get by holding off on endorsing Hillary Rodham Clinton for president , lefty pal Bertha Lewis ...
Zombie pork The Legislature may have eliminated member items back in 2009 after an avalanche of corruption scandals , but that hardly leaves Albany pork-free today . In fact , the latest state budget is ...
Election results in criminal charges for Working Families Party The Working Families Party is about to feel the explosive fallout of a five-year-old election on Staten Island . The Post has learned that a lengthy investigation into a 2009 City ...
Rebranded 'ACORN ' trying to help Dems win state Senate A campaign arm of the rebranded , left-wing group ACORN is spending hundreds of thousands to help Democrats win control of the state Senate and protect traditional , union-controlled public schools . The ...
Former ACORN honcho rakes in the green at new group Former ACORN head Bertha Lewis , a friend of Mayor de Blasio , is raking in benefits at their new nonprofit — even as they recruit board members with checkered pasts . Lewis , ...
De Blasio headlines fund-raiser for ACORN honcho It 's payback time for Mayor de Blasio . The mayor is rewarding former ACORN honcho and longtime pal Bertha Lewis by headlining a fund-raiser for their new group , The Black Institute ....
Former ACORN group quits lawsuit against charter schools Forced to choose between politics and its purported principles , the rebranded organization formerly known as ACORN has come down on the side of politics , critics charged Sunday . The group , which ...
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
All paws on deck ! The UK 's biggest pug festival is looking for volunteers . If you 're about crazy pugs in fancy dress - this gig could be for you .
PugFest is recruiting volunteers to work at its Birmingham event next month .
The festival will have a Jurassic Pug theme and will take place at Pawpounders Doggy Day Care Centre in Sutton Coldfield on Sunday , May 14 .
Volunteers will be involved in all aspects of Pugfest . On the their website , Pugfest organisers say : “ We like to have vibrant and enthusiastic people to help us with all kinds of activities at the events ... so if you would like to take part in our events as a volunteer please get in contact we would love to hear from you . ”
( Photo : PugFest )
The first PugFest in Birmingham was held in support of Birmingham Dogs Home on June 21 , 2015 and had a superhero theme .
The venue for this year 's Pugfest was confirmed in January .
Pawpounders has access to 20 acres of land close to Little Aston – more than enough to take up to 500 cars and all of the Pugs within .
Pugs are encouraged to wear their finest fancy dress in keeping with the theme . General adult admission to PugFest is £8 per ticket , with children aged three to 15 charged at £4 .
There will be stalls , a dog show , doggie dash , kids ' activities and a kissing booth !
A Jurassic Ranger VIP pass ( £15 ) includes meeting a prehistoric ‘ real life ' dinosaur , refreshments and dino snacks , a Ranger pass / Lanyard / name badge , a wildlife reptile experience ( children and adults only , no pugs ! ) and a goody bag .
Pugs and pug crosses go free at PugFest . You do not have to own a pug or pug cross to attend but the only breeds that can come are pugs or pug crosses .
All volunteers must be over 18 and have an up to date CRB/DBS , visit pugfestevents.com and fill out the Get Involved form to apply . Tickets can also be obtained via the website .
Dear Reader ,
As you can imagine , more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before . Nevertheless , traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications , like ours , are being forced to look for new ways to keep going . Unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel , the Middle East and the Jewish World .
As one of our loyal readers , we ask you to be our partner .
For $ 5 a month you will receive access to the following :
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew , Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel 's story to the world .
Thank you ,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman , CEO , Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz , Editor-in-Chief
The Vice President of Nigeria , Yemi Osibajo will speak at the upcoming Nigeria Energy Forum ( NEF 2018 ) in Lagos .
The event focuses on improving efficiency , access , and investments in the energy sector .
The former National Chairman of the Nigeria Institution of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( NIEEE ) , Engr . Adekunle Makinde , said that the forum will be organized by a team of young Nigerians who are energy research stars in Europe , in collaboration with NIEEE and the European Regional Development Fund .
Vice President , Yemi Osinbajo , has been invited to present an executive keynote address and Minister Babatunde Fashola has been invited to speak at the forum , pending confirmation .
The Chairman of the Forum , Dr. Oluwole Daniel Adeuyi said : “ This year 's forum will allow key energy stakeholders in Nigeria to exchange knowledge with the international community , build technical capacity and accelerate development of sustainable energy services . ”
“ The confirmed Keynote Speakers are Mustapha Bakkoury , President , Moroccan Agency for Solar Energy ; Dr. Fuad Siala , Senior Advisor , OPEC Fund for International Development , Austria ; Engr . John FunsoAdebayo , NIEEE National Chairman , Prof. Adeola Adenikinju , University of Ibadan , Nigeria , and Yuri Tsitrinbaum , CEO , Lumos Nigeria ” , Dr. Adeuyi said .
The forum will feature four top-class hands-on capacity building workshops on Energy Management Systems , by the U.N. Industrial Development Organisation ( UNIDO ) ; Energy Research Collaboration , by FLEXIS Project , Cardiff University , UK ; Solar PV Maintenance by ASteven International ; and Smart Electricity Distribution by Siemens , Nigeria .
Over 150 participants will acquire new energy skill sets through exposure to innovative technologies , practical demonstrations , and interactions with energy experts , exhibitors and training providers .
Makinde commented that “ over 20 speakers and session chairs have confirmed participation , including Mohammed Mijindadi , Managing Director , GE Gas Power Systems ; Vera Nwanze , West Africa Manager , Azuri ; Ifeanyi Odoh , Solar Business Manager , Schneider Electric ; Dr. Sanusi Ohiare , Executive Director , Rural Electrification Agency , Nigeria and Roseann Casey , Director , U.S. Agency for International Development . ”
Others are Rolake Akinkugbe , Head Energy and Natural Resources , FBNQuest Merchant Bank ; Florence Okoli , Investments Manager , All-On , Nigeria , David Bowers , Vice President , Africa Finance Corporation , James New , Project Manager , UNIDO , Austria and Charles Iyo , West Africa Manager , Eaton .
Eric Boullier says they initially did not support Fernando Alonso 's move to skip Monaco next month in order to bid for Indy 500 victory .
It appears the sensational and controversial deal was actually engineered by new McLaren executive and marketing guru Zak Brown .
`` It was not my idea , '' team boss Boullier confirmed to the French broadcaster Canal Plus .
`` At first I did not particularly support it , but in the end it 's good for the team , for F1 , for motor sport and for Fernando . ''
Boullier admitted that their main objection is that the Spaniard has to miss Monaco , a circuit that should suit the otherwise uncompetitive McLaren-Honda car .
`` Monaco is the race where we are most likely to score points , '' said the Frenchman . `` But in the end , overall , it ( the Indy 500 ) is a quite interesting project and for them perhaps the best way to have some fun . ''
The head of children 's charity Barnardos has blamed poor management of the education budget for the cost of primary education , which could be made free “ overnight ” .
“ When you have a budget of €8 billion and you ca n't find €100million there 's something wrong with your management ” said Fergus Finlay in response to the failure of Minister for Education Richard Bruton to make primary education completely free .
Mr Finlay was speaking following the announcement of Mr Bruton 's plan to publish rules aimed at reducing the cost of education for parents , with penalties for schools that do not comply .
Under the new measures , schools will be obliged to reduce the cost of uniforms and introduce book rental schemes in order to ease financial pressures facing parents under new measures .
Despite a system of “ free education ” , parents face hefty costs for books , uniforms and and voluntary contributions . Mr Finlay said that with a relatively small investment , the problem could be fixed overnight .
Speaking on RTÉ 's Morning Ireland on Tuesday , they said : “ It 's long past the time that schools were told to apply common sense when it comes to uniforms . It has never made sense to say that all uniforms must be bought in a preferred supplier and that particular levels of quality must be used .
“ This does n't involve any investment by the State , ” they said .
“ We 've made the case time and time again to the Minister that it would cost a tiny amount of money in overall terms to make primary education in Ireland entirely free . ”
Among the other measures schools will be directed to introduce are : ensuring all elements of a school uniform can be purchased from various stores ; mandatory book rental schemes and a ban on workbooks which can not be reused ; only “ iron on ” or “ sew on ” crests should be used ; use of generic rather than branded items should be specified wherever possible ( such as uniforms , clothing , IT tablets , sports equipment , etc ) ; and providing parents with a list of all required items and indicating the likely costs of these required items at best value stores .
Mr Finlay said to eliminate the cost of books , transport and voluntary contributions would cost less than €100 million , while providing “ enormous ” economic return to the State .
They said : “ I do n't understand why successive Ministers have chosen instead to wag their fingers at schools and say ‘ do the bare minimum ' when such a tiny overall investment , in what is supposed to be a constitutional right for all children , would solve the problem overnight .
“ How you can have a right that has so many costs around it and still call it a right , baffles us . ”
Mr Finlay said the Minister who makes primary education free will be “ very popular ” , adding : “ It 's not always that it happens in politics that the right thing to do is always the popular thing . ”
Apple 's long-awaited HomePod launches next Friday and quite a few fans are excited . Although the device is missing some basic features and costs a pretty penny at $ 349 , its reportedly superior sound quality could make it worth the money .
However , it seems the HomePod 's deep integration with Apple 's device ecosystem could be a more significant drawback than previously thought , according to The Verge .
Apple has published additional specs for the device ahead of its release and there 's some bad news . To begin with , the HomePod will only function with devices running iOS 11 or newer - Android owners wo n't be able to set up the device at all .
The speaker will also mostly be restricted to use with Apple 's own audio sources including Apple Music , iTunes , iCloud music and AirPlay . Indeed , the only notable exception to this rule is `` Beats 1 Live Radio '' which Apple just happens to own . Furthermore , Siri wo n't be able to play Spotify songs using voice commands .
The HomePod will also lack Bluetooth compatibility upon launch , despite the technology being built into the device . It 's possible Apple will bring Bluetooth to the smart speaker at a later date but its absence will undoubtedly disappoint many users in the interim .
Still , if you can look past these drawbacks , the HomePod is available for pre-order now via Apple 's official website .
The mind 's eye conjures up many Isa Nacewa moments but what they achieved deep down in Montpellier last season was astounding to witness .
The sheer will of the man excavated a bonus point from a drubbing in southern France . Taking the kicking tee off Johnny Sexton was brave , slotting three penalties , but sliding over for the last minute try , that still needed converting for Leo Cullen 's team to escape Altrad stadium in good health , displayed the rarest type of composure .
Change the date , venue , opposition and everyone has a Nacewa story .
“ Where Isa has really excelled is their professionalism , ” said Leinster chief executive Mick Dawson . “ Take a dark night at the Dragons or up in Glasgow when the superstars are away and there they are playing like it 's the Champions Cup final .
“ The younger lads see that . ”
Nobody missed the sunny RDS against Castres in 2016 when Luke McGrath was sin-binned and Nacewa ran in a try that any scrumhalf would covet .
Then there was the time they ripped Munster apart in Croke Park from fullback . And who could forget their majestic winger 's try against Leicester .
Pick any and all those wintry nights on the road surrounded by Academy kids who must have wondered aloud about their captain being member of the one cap club .
“ I do n't think Isa ever would have come here had they been able to play for the All Blacks , ” Dawson admitted , “ but their mistake of taking the pitch against Scotland was ultimately fantastic for Leinster rugby . ”
It 's 2003 and a 21 year old Aucklander peers over the ditch as rugby the greatest players gather in Australia . Nacewa remains a Kiwi boy to their fingertips but , as the well worn story goes , their Fijian father led to a late call to join the World Cup party .
Nobody noticed number 21 entering the fray with two minutes remaining following Tom Smith 's late try - two minutes that altered Isikeli Kurimavua Nacewa 's destiny . Those naive and brief seconds in Sydney ended a boyhood dream that almost certainly would have become reality .
Christian Cullen had vacated New Zealand 's fullback throne ( joining Munster ) , Carlos Spencer was just about keeping Dan Carter at bay , while Fijian cousins Joe Rokocoko and Sitiveni Sivivatu were vying with Doug Howlett for wing berths . Nacewa was a peer to these All Blacks , showing the rare ability to play each and every position to international standard . Ok , maybe not outhalf - the very slot Leinster signed them as cover for Felipe Contepomi ( A young Johnny Sexton must have loved that ) .
Isa Nacewa and Malcolm O'Kelly after the Heineken Cup Final at Murrayfield in 2009 . Photograph : Irish Times
“ We knew they were a Fijian international and the NZRU had taken a court case against World Rugby because all Isa ever wanted to do was play for the All Blacks , ” said Dawson .
Amateur rugby rules , made to be broken , were cemented by professionalism so Nacewa was deemed a fully fledged Fijian international and there was nothing any lawyer could do about it .
By 2008 that process had been exhausted , making the move north inevitable as they were blocking the pathway of future All Blacks .
Leinster had their own problems . After the previous season 's European campaign stalled in the Pool stages , Michael Cheika signed three foreigners to alter the mindset of a group that evidently lacked the stomach for these semi-final days .
“ A very good day 's work , ” Dawson recalled of securing Rocky Elsom , CJ van der Linde and Nacewa . “ We signed Isa because they were a very good rugby player who would be available for the entire season . ”
In just their third match , against the Ospreys , they suffered a badly fractured forearm ( not before clipping two drop goals ) .
They are almost like a player coach . They live the Leinster standards every day
“ Remember they tried to play on ? Their hand was flopping around and they were still trying to make tackles . ”
So many kamikaze hits followed . Come the 2009 final at Murrayfield , Cheika benched Rob Kearney - on the cusp of becoming the Lions fullback in South Africa - as Nacewa had become essential to the cause .
Joe Schmidt knew them before anyone else . Leinster reunited them . “ He is the Mr Rugby in my mind , ” said Nacewa in 2009 . “ He taught me most of the stuff that I know about a backline in the three years I was with them at the Auckland Blues . ”
They worked well together and may do so again some day .
There is reliable brilliance and there is Isa Nacewa . Take the 2010/11 campaign . Seán O'Brien was named European player of the year yet both the Leinster and Irish players voted to honour Nacewa at season 's end .
Then , unexpectedly in 2013 , with a year to run on their contract , the 30 year old retired , returning home to become the Blues mental skills coach under John Kirwan .
“ He had three young kids [ Mia , Ellie and Lucy ] whose cousins , aunts , uncles , grandparents were at home and [ Isa and Simone ] made family decision about where they wanted to bring them up , ” Dawson explained .
“ We were terribly disappointed but it was all done very amicably . They had fulfilled their end of the bargain , way beyond our expectations . ”
Two seasons passed ( the Matty O'Connor era ) and the Nacewas missed Dublin , Isa missed playing . A call to a friend was all it took . “ He phoned Shane Jennings to ask what the story was in Leinster . Shane spoke to the coaching staff and we were all keen to get them back . ”
When Kevin McLaughlin was forced to retire , Cullen made Nacewa the club captain .
“ Growing up and watching Isa play he 's been phenomenal in their time in a blue shirt , ” said Dan Leavy . “ He is almost like a player coach . They live the Leinster standards every day and when he 's on the field they play with real passion and aggression , which is infectious and also drives the younger players . ”
Nacewa turns 36 in July and while they remain as important as ever , filling the inside centre slot while Robbie Henshaw recovered from surgery , ageing limbs made retirement inevitable .
Professional rugby clubs must be queuing up to put their rugby brain to good use but , as it stands , they will return to Auckland with their family . Perhaps with a fifth European medal .
Highlights Mira Kapoor seems to be enjoying the monsoons
Mira shared a picture of schezwan cheese dosa with coconut chutney
Schezwan dosa is a popular fusion dish available at dosa stalls in Mumbai
Mira Kapoor today shared a picture of schezwan cheese dosa with coconut chutney , which they seem to be enjoying with the current weather . For those who have n't heard of this delicious Indo-Chinese fusion dish before , it 's quite popular with dosa lovers of Mumbai and can be enjoyed at any big or small dosa stall across the city.Also Read : Mira Rajput 's Meal Pick Is A High-Protein Rainbow : See Pics Inside ! Does n't that look delicious ? We 're not sure whether it 's Mira Kapoor 's pregnancy cravings or just the magic of the weather that 's made them profess their love for the dish , but it 's surely made us feel hungry . Schezwan is a spicy and tangy Chinese sauce that is served with Chinese noodles or rice . However , it 's also wildly popular with spicy-food lovers , who swear they can eat it with almost anything and everything ! In schezwan dosa , instead of the regular masala aloo stuffing , one coated in schezwan sauce is used instead . The dish may sound weird , but it tastes amazingly delicious . However , dosa puritans may raise eyebrows at the dish , before passing up on this Indo-Chinese creation . Monsoons are a time when you feel like enjoying something spicy and crispy , while watching the downpour . Guess Mira Kapoor is n't that different from us after all ! What 's your favourite monsoon time snack ? Let us know in the comments below !
At least 158 pilgrims on Wednesday were rescued from Nepal 's Simikot and at least 250 others were brought to Simikot from Hilsa .
Meanwhile , mortal remains of the two Indian pilgrims , one from Andhra Pradesh and another from Kerala , were brought to Kathmandu and Nepalganj by a special helicopter .
Meanwhile , the pilgrims who are in Tibet , still remain there and are safe . They will be brought back after the evacuation process in Nepal is completed .
The Indian Embassy in Nepal issued a list of hotline numbers for the pilgrims stranded in Nepal and their family members . A number of Kailash Mansarovar Yatra pilgrims are stranded in parts of Nepal following heavy downpour .
The helpline numbers are as follows : 9851107006 , 9851155007 , 9851107021 , 9818832398 . Hotline to contact language speaking staff : Kannada- 9823672371 , Telugu- 9808082292 , Tamil- 9808500642 , Malayalam- 9808500644 .
The Embassy of India in Kathmandu is monitoring the situation along Nepalganj-Simikot-Hilsa route of Kailash Mansarovar Yatra ( through Nepal ) .
Thousands of Indian pilgrims take part in the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra every year via Nepal in the Tibetan Autonomous Region of China ahead of the monsoon season .
The tour is organised by the Ministry of External Affairs ( MEA ) each year between June and September in cooperation with the government of People 's Republic of China through two different routes – Lipulekh Pass ( Uttarakhand ) and Nathu La Pass ( Sikkim ) .
Congress president Rahul Gandhi hit out at the Centre , claiming that the much talked about bullet train project was like a “ magic train ” which may not materialise .
Targeting the Narendra Modi led government at the Centre , Gandhi also said that despite an issue like Doklam on the border , the prime minister was seen sitting on a swing with the Chinese president .
“ Modi 's bullet train is like a magic train which may not materialise in reality , ” the Congress chief said speaking to party activists at Fursatganj .
Continuing their attack , Gandhi , who represents Amethi in the Lok Sabha , also claimed that the Centre 's demonetisation decision had done nothing but derail business activity at all levels .
Attacking the government on the foreign policy front , Gandhi said despite a contentious and sensitive issue like Doklam on the border , Prime Minister Modi sat on a swing with the Chinese president .
Gandhi also visited Pure Dhingai village to condole the death of a farmer who allegedly died some time back while waiting for the sale of their crop at a government centre .
Meanwhile , a party activist said very soon around 250 youth , active on social media , may be selected and trained by the Jawahar Lal Nehru Leadership Institute in the field of media .
Flat finish to the first of the Ardennes Classics in 2017
The organisers of the Amstel Gold Race have made drastic change to the race route for 2017 , with the decisive Cauberg climb removed from the race 's finale .
The Cauberg climb has played a vital role in the race since it was introduced to the finale of the race in 2003 , and although the race finish will remain in the same place in 2017 , the Cauberg will be climbed for the last time with 19km to go .
However there will still be a hilly finale to the race , with a final circuit containing the climbs of the Geulhemmerberg and the Bemelerberg , before a flat finishing sprint .
Speaking to Sporza , race organiser Leo Van Vliet said that they hoped for a more open and attacking race , with riders often biding their time in previous editions and waiting for the final charge up the Cauberg .
“ By removing the last climb of the Cauberg we hope for a more open race , where there will be more contenders and the attackers get more chances . ”
This is the latest in a long history of changes to the route of the relatively young Ardennes Classic , which was first run in 1966 .
> > > Women 's Amstel Gold Race to return in 2017 after 14-year absence
Between 1991 and 2002 the race finished in the Limburg provincial capital of Maastricht , with a flat finish at the end of a hilly race .
However in 2003 the finish was moved to the top of the 1,200m , 5.8 per cent Cauberg , which climbs out of the town of Valkenburg .
In 2012 the World Championships were held in Valkenburg with the finish moved to 1.2km after the top of the climb , a change that was copied in the 2013 edition of Amstel Gold .
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center .
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center .
The Latest : UPS driver says they saw co-worker get shot
The Latest : UPS driver says they saw co-worker get shot
By PAUL ELIASAssociated Press
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) - A UPS employee opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility on Wednesday , killing three employees and then themselves as officers closed in , police and the company said .
San Francisco assistant police chief Toney Chaplin said at a news conference that two others were wounded in the shooting that prompted a massive police response in an industrial neighborhood near downtown .
Police have not determined a motive . Chaplin said that the shooter was armed with an assault pistol and put the weapon to their head and pulled the trigger when police found him .
A UPS statement said the shooter and all the victims were employees . Spokesman Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that the gunman opened fire inside the facility before the drivers were sent out for their daily deliveries .
Neighbors said they heard up to eight rapid gunshots .
`` It was like tat , tat , tat , tat , tat , tat , tat , '' said Raymond Deng , who lives across the street from the warehouse .
After the gunfire , auto shop owner Robert Kim said they saw `` a mob of UPS drivers '' running down the street screaming `` shooter , shooter . ''
Deng , 30 , a data scientist for a start-up company , also saw workers fleeing and another group of about 10 who gathered on the roof and held their hands up as police arrived .
`` I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings , '' they said . `` It 's crazy . ''
Police responding to the facility in the Potrero Hill area on the city 's eastern edge encountered wounded victims and pulled them to safety . Then they found the gunman , who killed himself .
Investigators recovered two firearms from the scene .
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway . They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant .
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice , wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
4 Stars — Inspiring
There are some Christians who live the life of God 's love in such an authentic way that they impact a generation . But few such leaders do so by focusing on children . Even though Jesus gave children a primary value within Their kingdom , very little give their lives in service to them . However , one such person is the Rev . Fred Rogers , a Presbyterian elder ordained in 1963 as an evangelist whose mission was the newly developing field of children 's television .
In a time when child development was becoming a new field of understanding as well , Rogers surrounded themselves with some of the giants in the field at the University of Pittsburgh 's child development research center . Understanding that children 's feelings are both valid and moldable , Rogers created a neighborhood of make-believe in which love was the primary glue . Using this environment to impact children , they systematically confronted racism , bullying , divorce , death , assassination , fear and many other positive and negative emotions and experiences of life .
Creating a life that included moments of silence in order to listen to children allowed Rogers to create a slow-paced television show that enhanced the trust of children both when in the studio and when in their own homes . The power of this simple and respectful change from almost all other children 's programming had an unquestioned impact . So profound was its success that there are those who blame them for generational characteristics , both for ill and for good .
The personal life of this Christian minister reveals a humility that is seldom seen in the life of a famous person . This humility seemed to have two sources . The first was their faith in Christ , and the second was their struggle as a sickly and overweight child . Using both their understanding of the humble Christ and of a difficult childhood , Rogers had a clear message of acceptance of every person just as they are . This included the gay African-American police officer in their fictional neighborhood .
Demonstrating that the love of God is love for all , Rogers expressed the core of the Christian faith . Using their musical understanding and skill , Rogers wrote songs that were both simple and moving as they communicated this love .
As the applause of the audience in the theater filled our ears when we viewed Wo n't You Be My Neighbor ? , it was clear that people from all walks of life recognize true greatness . May each of us live the life of God 's love and be a part of the true neighborhood of all humanity .
Discussion
» As Rogers used their troubled childhood , their musical aptitude and their faith in Christ to impact the world , what difficulties , skills and gifts do you use ?
» It is easy to describe how different most children 's programming is from Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood . What do you think our culture is doing to ourselves to give our children a steady diet of violence ?
» Lyndon Johnson 's funding of PBS has been brought into question by most subsequent administrations . Why do you think PBS is both valued and challenged ?
— Cinema in Focus is a social and spiritual movie commentary . Hal Conklin is a former mayor of Santa Barbara and Denny Wayman is the retired pastor of Free Methodist Church of Santa Barbara and lead superintendent of Free Methodist Church in Southern California . For more reviews , visit www.cinemainfocus.com , or follow them on Twitter : @ CinemaInFocus . The opinions expressed are their own .
Monday , 2 January 2017
Choi ! This Nigerian couple designed their living room with a functional N100m Rolls-Royce
Dilly and Fifi Emenyiora actually parked a functional Rolls-Royce in their sitting room . The over $ 200k ( about 100 million naira ) ride rotates on display and occasionally the couple takes the luxurious vehicle out and drive it .
See video of the car rotating :
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wKiVZaUAmHM
The highly anticipated blockbuster film `` Black Panther '' is apparently not eagerly awaited by everyone .
While fans have been buzzing about the Marvel movie 's February 16 opening , a group has been trying to organize others to flood Rotten Tomatoes with negative reviews about the film .
Using the hashtags # DCOverMarvel and # BringDownDisney , a Facebook event was set up for February 15-24 and listed as being hosted by `` Down with Disney 's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys . ''
The purpose was to `` Give Black Panther a Rotten Audience Score on Rotten Tomatoes . ''
It 's not clear how many users responded to the event before it was removed from Facebook , but some reports put the number at 3,700 .
A representative for Facebook told CNN in a statement that `` people often use Facebook to challenge ideas , institutions , and practices . ''
`` Such discussion can promote a diversity of perspectives and greater understanding , '' the statement said . `` However , we 're opposed to hate speech and bullying , and do n't allow either on our platform .
`` We want Facebook to be a space where both expression and personal safety are protected and respected , '' the statement concluded . `` That 's why we developed our Community Standards , which you can read on our site . ''
The rivalry between DC and Marvel fans is legendary , and Marvel movies have historically done better than DC ones .
But given that `` Black Panther '' has an all-black cast and the storyline includes themes of race , many saw the move as more nefarious than just a friendly rivalry .
In a statement provided to CNN , Rotten Tomatoes said it 's `` proud to have become a platform for passionate fans to debate and discuss entertainment and we take that responsibility seriously . ''
`` While we respect our fans ' diverse opinions , we do not condone hate speech , '' the statement said . `` Our team of security , network and social experts continue to closely monitor our platforms and any users who engage in such activities will be blocked from our site and their comments removed as quickly as possible . ''
So far , enthusiasm for the film does not appear to have been dampened .
According to Fandango , `` Black Panther '' has already outsold all other superhero films in pre-sale tickets .
The movie broke Fandango 's pre-sale ticket record for Marvel Cinematic Universe films in its first 24 hours , one previously held by 2016 's `` Captain America : Civil War . ''
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
Submitted by the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers
Public Affairs Office
SEATTLE – The Okanogan River basin flood team from the Seattle District , U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , began work May 25 to assist Okanogan County in closing a section on the left bank of the breached Riverside levee . The Clark Fork team is continuing work on the Turah Levee in Missoula County , Montana , and both teams and the Pend Oreille team are monitoring levees and providing technical assistance to local communities as rivers remain above flood stage .
Work on the Riverside and Turah levees is expected to be complete by the end of the weekend .
Warm temperatures combined with above normal snow levels have created a situation where Pend Oreille River flows downstream of Albeni Falls Dam and the level of Lake Pend Oreille are likely to remain above flood stage through the 10-day forecast period . Albeni Falls Dam operational information is available online at :
http : //www.nws.usace.army.mil/Missions/Civil-Works/Locks-and-Dams/Albeni-Falls-Dam/
Corps of Engineers ' officials warn boaters and the public to be safe and watch out for floating or submerged logs or debris on Lake Pend Oreille . For safety purposes , all of Albeni Falls ' boat ramps are closed including Riley Creek 's . The Corps ' swim beaches are all closed for swimming . There is no re-opening scheduled yet .
Seattle District flood teams have completed 17 direct assistance requests in the Okanogan River basin in Washington , in the Clark Fork River basin in Montana and in the Pend Oreille River basin in Idaho and Washington .
The Corps has provided about 1,460,500 sandbags , 2,800 Super Sacks and five pumps with 1,400 lineal feet of hose and delivered 2,340 lineal feet of Hescos to local governments and Tribes .
Flood fight teams are coordinating with the States of Washington , Idaho and Montana . Agency representatives will continue to coordinate with the Tribes , counties and cities along the rivers .
Public Law 84-99 authorizes USACE to provide flood fight assistance at the request of local officials when rivers are at or above flood stage and local resources are fully used .
Private citizens seeking sandbags should contact their local government offices .
USACE coordinates closely with the National Weather Service . The Weather Service issues flood watches and warnings and should be consulted for that information .
Cádiz has long been host to one of Spain 's most exuberant and renowned winter carnivals , but this year the city 's authorities have outraged traditionalists by banning what is claimed to be a flagrantly sexist feature of the annual festivities .
The southern city 's carnaval , which this years fall in late February , is a big event in Spain 's packed festival calendar and one which is known for its concerts , cultural events , flamboyant costumes and general revelry . The so-called ninfas , or nymphs , are a group of young , local women who are chosen to attend carnival activities and take part in parades in elegant dress . They have become a major part of the festivities , with one of them chosen as the carnival 's diosa , or goddess .
However this year , Cádiz 's leftist administration has outlawed the participation of the nymphs on the grounds that they are a chauvinistic anachronism that promotes gender inequality .
Last week , it approved the ban , which began as a civic campaign called “ For an equal carnival ” . The campaign 's manifesto said the parading of the nymphs and the goddess during the carnival risked generating “ stereotypes , inferiority complexes and frustrations among our girls and younger women ” .
‘ Secondary role '
The document also said that while other aspects of the Cádiz carnival had changed with the times , “ the nymph got stuck in the past , without evolving – mute , quiet , a spectator , merely a beautiful figure on a float , a hostess handing out prizes , playing very much a secondary role ” .
The motion was backed by Cádiz Sí Se Puede , the local branch of Podemos , the Socialist Party and the liberal Ciudadanos . About 50 local personalities and associations signed the original civic campaign manifesto , including women who had previously been carnival nymphs .
“ Carnival , like all aspects of society , is sexist , ” Susana Ginesta , a 2001 nymph who signed the document , told El País newspaper . “ If we remain stuck with figures like the nymphs we 're not going to see progress . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The tradition , which dates back to the 1950s , has also been criticised as a throwback to the era of the Franco dictatorship , when women 's rights were severely repressed .
However , the ban has upset some who see the nymphs as a crucial part of their carnival . The conservative Popular Party voted against the prohibition and the La Piconera carnival nymphs ' association is mounting an online campaign on change.org to reinstate the custom .
“ Freedom to take part in these events should n't mean prohibiting them , ” said one of the more than 400 people who have signed the counter-campaign . “ Let 's stop banning everything . ”
Salutatorians Samuel MacKinnon and Cameryn Tatham speak to their classmates Friday at Coast Union 's graduation ceremony . Laura Dickinson ldickinson @ thetribunenews.com
With a brand like Timex , nothing can possibly go wrong . More so with the Timex Intelligent Indiglo Fly-Back Chronograph Quartz T2N700 Men 's Watch ; it 's one among the most worn Timex pieces . Not many got mixed sentiments about it ; the Intelligent Quartz is a good idea that has been executed well through its retrograde sub-dials and a chronograph mechanism . The retrograde dials here are reserved for the minutes and hour display when you put the chronograph into use .
What fun is that ? – You might ask . It is all about a cool visual potential albeit a less than normal slow motion but given that the dial appears a bit busy – the Timex logo , a date window , the Arabic numerals and the four hands remain responsible – it is well tolerated by most .
The 4 o'clock is the retrograde-minutes display , which stays inert most of the time and comes to life once you engage the chronograph . The 11 o'clock sub-dial indicates time in the 24-hour format and also the chronograph display that can run for a max span of 4 hours . It 's a fly-back chronograph that restarts timer function while staying engaged , without the need for a restart before re-engaging . It is a major time saver , more responsive and allows more accurate measurement for time-trial events and games . It is a stark contrast to the usual chronographs that come at this price range and can usually record not more than an hour at a stretch .
Upon engaging the chronograph function , the fourth-hand starts counting second in 1/5th-second increments while the 4 o'clock minutes-display crawls towards counting 10-minutes . Press the top pusher to stop the chronograph ; press it again to restart the chronograph from where it paused . To restart things from the beginning , press the bottom pusher . The regular timekeeping is maintained by the hands as they sweep back into place , right where they should belong and without compromising accuracy . The chapter ring around the dial is the tachymeter with which you can calculate the speed at which an object is moving or its estimated time of arrival over a certain distance .
The Timex Watches for Men makes for a comfortable wear , for which , both its shape ( including that of the caseback ) and strap material are responsible . The Indiglo shines bright and the overall quality is as good as it should be . And the flyback and the retrograde are bound to grab you if you are looking for some spectacular functions without paying too much .
Bottom line : It 's inexpensive ; got a spectacular look , offers a high level of quality and user satisfaction , the quintessential American spirit speaks trough the Timex Expedition Field Chronograph Quartz Men 's Watch . Its proprietary backlight technology , Indiglo is one of its kind and stands as an ultimate example of how backlighting should be done !
The New Year brought in a suspected arson Sunday morning at a West Side Grande Prairie restaurant .
RCMP responded to a fire at the Press 'd Sandwich Company at 7 AM ; A witness had observed a fire at the back of the building and immediately called the city 's Fire Department .
Fire officials arrived on the scene , and were able to extinguish the blaze , while a neighbouring business was evacuated . The restaurant was closed at the time , and nobody was injured .
An investigation after the blaze determined that the fire was intentionally set .
Anyone with information in order to help solve this incident is asked to call Grande Prairie RCMP at ( 780 ) 830-5701 . If you wish to remain anonymous , you can also call Crime Stoppers at 1 ( 800 ) 222-TIPS ( 8477 ) , or you can head to their webpage at www.tipsubmit.com .
– Posted by BET
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter M. Shaub Jr. is recommending an investigation and possible disciplinary action be taken against Kellyanne Conway , senior adviser to President Trump , for urging shoppers to buy fashion products sold by Trump 's daughter Ivanka .
`` Under the present circumstances , there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted , '' Shaub wrote in a letter to White House deputy counsel Stefan C. Passantino .
Conway appeared on Fox and Friends Thursday morning , where they addressed Nordstrom 's recent decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump 's line of products because of what it said were poor sales .
`` Go buy Ivanka 's stuff is what I would tell you . I hate shopping , and I 'm gon na go get some on myself today , '' Conway said .
Ivanka Trump has a successful line of clothing , jewelry and shoes that is carried by numerous retailers .
But a boycott of Trump products got underway last year after the release of the infamous Access Hollywood video , in which Trump bragged about grabbing women by the genitals , and that appears to have hurt Ivanka 's sales .
Them product line `` was successful enough that these companies would have all kept carrying it on its own merits had this not happened , '' says retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen . `` They were n't just carrying it because it was Ivanka Trump selling it . They were carrying it because it was actually selling to a customer . ''
In recent weeks , several large retailers have dropped all or part of the line , while others have chosen to de-emphasize it in their stores .
`` They 're all just stepping out of the way . They 're saying , 'We do n't want to be in a fight with the president , but we do n't want to be in a fight with our customers either . We 're getting out of the way , ' `` Kniffen says .
`` She has tied themselves to a very controversial figure that many women believe is trying to take them back to the 15th century . Anyone associated [ with ] Donald Trump is toxic , '' says Eric Schiffer , CEO of Reputation Management Consultants .
But the retailers ' decision did not sit well with President Trump , who accused Nordstrom in a tweet last week of treating their daughter `` so unfairly . '' Conway echoed the charge on TV .
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer later said Conway had been `` counseled '' about their comments . Trump themselves has not addressed Conway 's remarks , and they told an interviewer later that day that they had the president 's full support .
Shaub said in the letter that their office had not received any indication of `` disciplinary or other corrective action against Ms . Conway . ''
The Republican chairperson of the House Oversight Committee , Jason Chaffetz , and ranking minority member Elijah Cummings said in a letter that Conway 's comments `` appear to violate federal ethics regulations . ''
Shaub said in their letter to the White House that Conway had violated rules `` prohibiting employees from misusing their official positions . ''
Robert Weissman , president of the liberal group Public Citizen , praised Shaub for seeking disciplinary action against Conway .
`` We can only hope that the Trump White House responds positively to the call to discipline Kellyanne Conway for their transgressions — statements that never would have been made had they subjected themselves to the most elementary standards . But forgive us if we do n't hold our breath . Conway 's promotion of Ivanka 's products followed the example of President Trump and was intended to curry favor with the president ( apparently successfully ) . ''
The number of spinal surgeries has steadily increased over the last few years , owing to the constantly aging population . Spinal surgeries have become more minimally invasive , efficient and amenable to disposable instruments and kits in the past few years . Disposable spinal instruments are single use equipment . They are cost-effective and high quality instruments , driven by sustainable material , process and design innovation . Disposable spinal instruments are a better alternative to reusable spinal instruments as the risk of infection and cross infection is lower . Furthermore , they eliminate all the costs associated with operating an autoclave for sterilization of instruments . Disposable spinal instruments improve clinical management , infection control and improve patient care . They reduce the risk of infection , avoid cumbersome and unreliable logistics of instrument sterilization and save costs for hospitals . The demand for improved quality of life and surgeries and increasing awareness regarding hygiene surges the demand for disposable spinal instruments in healthcare facilities and hospitals globally .
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market : Drivers and Restrains
Advancements in ergonomic and robust surgical treatments and the advent of disposable spinal instruments promote broader adoption across medical products . Disposable spinal instruments are on the rise as medical device designers , manufacturers and surgeons have viable alternatives to the traditional reusable instruments . Disposable spinal instruments are simple , sterile and reduce financial and operational burden , which drives the disposable spinal instruments market . Increasing awareness among the population regarding hygiene in developing economies and favorable government initiatives that promote the usage of disposable spinal instruments also boost the demand for these instruments globally . On the other hand , the significant amount of waste generated restrains the growth of the disposable spine instrument market .
Request For TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6890
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market : Overview
The disposable spinal instrument market is expected to grow during the forecast period , owing to an increase in the usage of disposable instruments in various healthcare settings and an increase in the number of healthcare professionals using disposable spinal instruments , owing to their advantages over reusable kits . Spinal fusion surgeries are anticipated to grow during the forecast period owing to increasing in number of surgeries and advancements in minimally invasive surgeries . The hospital segment accounts for the highest revenue share , owing to increasing awareness about spinal disorders and the increasing number of surgeons . Ambulatory surgical centers is the fastest growing segment in the disposable spinal instrument market , owing to an increase in outpatient spinal disorder surgeries .
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market : Regional Overview
Region wise , the global disposable spinal instruments market can be classified into seven regions , namely North America , Latin America , Western Europe , Eastern Europe , Asia-Pacific , Japan , Middle East and Africa . North America , followed by Europe , is estimated to account for a major share . Increasing adoption of disposable spinal instruments and increase in the number of spinal surgeries , owing to a rise in geriatric population , are some of the factors contributing to the market growth in these regions . Increasing demand for disposable spinal instruments in developed countries is leading to an increase in the number of major manufacturers and product launches . Asia Pacific is pegged to be the fastest growing region , owing to an increase in medical tourism , improving healthcare infrastructure and growing awareness among the population . Latin America and Middle East & Africa are anticipated to witness significant growth during the forecast period , due to increasing economic stability and developing healthcare infrastructure in countries such as Brazil .
Request For Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6890
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market : Key Players
Some of the key players in the disposable spinal instrument market are Safe Orthopaedics , Kapp Surgical Instrument Inc. , ECA Medical Instruments , Inc. , Xenco Medical and others .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Wanda Morris
A dear friend recently mentioned they were feeling dizzy . They had just visited their doctor but the visit was a follow-up on a sore hip — and she 'd ask about a lingering skin condition . They did n't bring up the dizziness because the sign outside the doctor 's office said : “ Only one issue per appointment ” and she 'd already brought up two .
Why the restriction ?
Some provinces are exploring other payment models , but they were in Alberta , where doctors are still paid on a fee-for-service basis , meaning they must bill for only one service per patient per visit . A patient with two issues must visit twice , or a doctor must consult for free .
A recent opinion piece in favour of fee-for-service billings cited research showing doctors who were n't paid a per-item fee saw fewer patients . The author certainly implied this was bad — but is it ?
Imagine if doctors treated the whole patient , rather than simply attending to a leg , a liver or a lymph node . It would at least allow patients to be treated all at once rather than over a series of visits . This would be better for the patient and , I suspect , more rewarding and efficient for the doctor .
More importantly , a doctor would have a complete view of the patient . As various issues might be related , this would lead to better patient care . Finally , doctors could be proactive as well as reactive , providing preventions as well as cures .
On the flip side , doctors at walk-in clinics , whose patients are typically presenting with minor , episodic ailments , can be paid for the hours worked and not limited arbitrarily to seeing only certain numbers of patients , as is currently the case in British Columbia .
In theory , replacing fee-for-service billings with salaries allows doctors to focus on caring for patients , not on metering their services .
Some 66 per cent of CARP members polled in a recent survey supported paying doctors ' salaries and benefits , rather than fees for services . Physicians play a vital role in our society : Like elected officials , police officers and firefighters , they should be able to take a sick day or paid vacation , and know they will be provided for in retirement . We should free them up to spend time learning about new medical treatments , not tax shelters .
At the same time , it 's fair for us to make demands of our doctors . Having decided on a career of public service , they should be willing to work some evenings and weekends so all Canadians can see a family doctor and we can make full use of our operating rooms and medical equipment . Nine out of 10 CARP members polled ( 86 per cent ) were willing to undergo surgery between 8 p.m. and 7 a.m . But operating rooms need staff .
Ontario has moved many doctors to patient enrolment models where they are paid as part of a group ( called a Family Health Organization ) that supports a roster of patients with a range of services . In the 12 months ended March 31 , 2015 , fees per patient ranged from $ 62 to $ 548 a year , depending on the patient 's age and gender and the services offered .
This model has its own problems . One in three patients enrolled , mostly men aged 20 to 29 , did n't see a doctor during 2014-15 . Others would have required significant care . Who wants a patient who is more likely to take up significant amounts of time when the fee is capped ? Like the fee-for-service system , Ontario 's patient-enrolment system discourages doctors from accepting elderly patients with complex needs .
If we want doctors motivated to tackle the challenges of an aging population , we need a remuneration system that pays them to do so . Updating compensation systems across the country is a critical step to giving doctors more control over how they treat patients . This means patients will get the care they need , and their doctors will be healthier , too .
Grey Matters is a weekly column by Wanda Morris , the VP of Advocacy for CARP , a 300,000 member national , non-partisan , non-profit organization that advocates for financial security , improved health-care for Canadians as we age . Missed a week ? Past columns by Wanda and other key CARP contributors can be found at carp.ca/blogs .
Rittman youth baseball has many fans , both family and friends – however no one is a bigger fan of the league than grandmother Linda Corp .
Linda had recently been diagnosed with a rare form of breast cancer , a disease that has plagued the family in the past .
So to give back to their most supportive fan , both teams during a recent game came together to stop and appreciate her , with each member of both teams stopping by to give them a hug and pink rose .
Rittman baseball teams dedicate game , and love , to grandma battling cancer https : //t.co/1OSgg2ExtL — fox8news ( @ fox8news ) June 15 , 2017
The teams also used pink baseballs and wore pink wristbands .
The journey Linda is on will be tough , but thankfully they have the support of their favorite baseball league .
Read more here .
Facebook has responded to the incident where a Cleveland man , 37-year-old Steve Stephens , shot and killed an elderly man while broadcasting on its live platform .
“ This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook , ” Facebook said in a statement issued to CNN . “ We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook , and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety . ”
Image credit : tuthelens / Shutterstock.com
Midwife , 2 others in police net for selling two weeks old baby for N250,000
Joy Anyim
An unregistered midwife Regina Ibeto and two others who run a birthing home and a baby factory at No . 96 , Bunmi Ajakaye Street , Ajangbadi was on Monday paraded by the Lagos State Police Command .
Ibeto and the other suspects identified as Joy James and Udoju Chukwuoju had been in the illicit act for years . They had however met their water loo when they attempted selling a two weeks old boy for N250,000 .
The Lagos State Commissioner of Police CP Edgal Imohimi expressed shock and sadness over the incident .
“ information was received that one Regina Ibeto 50 years of age , of No . 96 , Bunmi Ajakaye Street , Ajangbadi , use to induce pregnant women and when they eventually give birth , they sell the babies off the newly born babies .
“ On the strength of the information , the DPO , Ajangbadi Division , CSP Musa Alim led operatives to the compound where the said Regina was found administering intravenous injection ( drip ) to one Uju Nnamdi of No . 22 , Imude Road who claimed to be sick and five months pregnant . When search was conducted , a set of drip-water bags and other related drugs were recovered .
“ On interrogation , Regina confessed that they are not a medical doctor but a traditional birth attendant . They stated that on the 18/05/2018 , one Bukky surname yet unknown , about 17 years old was induced and they delivered a baby boy and they sold the baby to Udoju Chukwunoye ‘ f ' 45 years of No . 83 , Ojo-Igbede Road for two hundred and fifty thousand Naira ( N250,000 ) .
“ The said Uju was arrested , the baby retrieved and taken to the hospital while Bukky the said mother of the baby is being trailed for possible arrest . Meanwhile , investigation is ongoing ”
Explaining their involvement in the crime , Joy James said
” A friend of mine called Mama Bulky told me that their husband got their 16 years old daughter pregnant and they do not want to keep the baby boy . I felt for them as they added that their husband is very ill with diebetics and they do not want any family shame .
“ I connected them with one madam Uju and they said they will get somebody to adopt the baby . They gave N250,000 for the baby and they took the child away . I did not get anything from the money ” .
On their side of the story , Regina said ” I have been a midwife for years . I did not sell the baby . I only assisted them to deliver the baby boy . Sadly after delivering the baby , they said they did not have money to pay me . They later told me that they want to adopt the baby and I should assist them . They later gave up the baby for adoption and they paid me my money . So it is not true that I am running a baby factory . “
Uju on their part said ” Madam Joy called me to take the child for adoption . I know some persons in Imo state who have been trying to adopt a child but they did not have the opportunity to find a child so I got N250,000 from one of them to pay for the baby but I was arrested ”
”
In a related development , CP Imohimi stated that a team of police officers attached to Ilemba-Hausa Division , also arrested one Jude Nnakire aged 34 , a resident of Bemigo Street , Shibiri , Ajangbadi , for allegedly trafficking two sisters .
They said ” The suspect was arrested while taking two sisters , namely , Deborah Otim 20 and Gift Otim 17 to unknown destination . The victims are of No . 26 , Obudu Road , Ikom Cross-River State .
The victims were allegedly brought to Lagos by one Emeka other names not yet known , under the pretence of getting them a job and without the consent of their parents . The victims are right now in protective custody while effort is on to locate their biological parents .
Investigation is ongoing and at the end , suspect will be charged to court ”
When Margaret Abe-Koga was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2015 , they were as surprised as anyone .
After all , no one ever had breast cancer in their Japanese-American family , they do n't have the genetic marker , and she 'd been led to believe that Asian-Americans were n't — as Abe-Koga put it — “ a high-propensity group '' for the disease .
But fate proved otherwise for the three-term Mountain View city councilwoman , as it has for a growing number of Asian-Americans in California confronting a sobering trend : While breast cancer rates have plateaued or declined in most racial groups , they have been steadily rising among Asian-Americans since 1988 .
The new findings , released last week by the Fremont-based Cancer Prevention Institute of California , show the largest increase in breast cancer rates in the Golden State is occurring among Koreans and Southeast Asians . Japanese-Americans showed the slowest increases , but suffered the highest breast cancer rates among seven Asian-American groups in the study .
Related Articles Painkiller prescribed for Prince in another name
Mental health advocates praise Prince Harry for revealing their own near breakdown , other struggles
Opinion : Fact-based sex-ed helps keep teens safe , healthy
Baby girl weighs 38 pounds
Talking about poop could save your life The results stunned Abe-Koga , 46 , who in January went through breast reconstructive surgery after undergoing a double mastectomy , chemotherapy and radiation . For generations , they said , Asian-Americans have been under the wrong impression that breast cancer “ is not prevalent in our community '' so “ it 's not something that people think about . ''
“ I started to think maybe there is that aspect within our community : Our folks are more silent about what they are going through and do n't necessarily share ; or they are n't getting the testing they should get , ” they said .
The confusion among Asian-American women is understandable . As of 2013 , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that white women had the highest rate of breast cancer , followed by black , Hispanic , Asian/Pacific Islander and American Indian/Alaska Native women .
But the CDC 's numbers are nationwide . By comparison , the new study is based on the California Cancer Registry in a state that has the largest population of Asian-Americans in the country . With a population of approximately 5.7 million in California , Asian-Americans now make up about 15 percent of the state 's population .
Scarlett Lin Gomez , the study 's lead author , said the results are revealing because they are the first to evaluate patterns among seven major Asian-American ethnic groups , by age and stage of cancer .
It showed breast cancer rates rose among Korean women in California an astonishing 4.7 percent each year from 1988 to 2006 , before slightly declining over the next seven years . The rates climbed 2.5 percent a year between 1998-2013 among Southeast Asians ( Cambodians , Laotians , Hmong and Thai ) , and 1.4 percent among South Asians ( Indians and Pakistanis ) .
There is no consensus on why breast cancer rates are on the rise among Asian-Americans . But risk factors could include delaying child birth , changing diets , a rise in obesity and alcohol use . Better screening could also be a reason behind the increase .
Early studies from the 1970s and 1980s showed increasing breast cancer rates among Japanese-Americans , but they have leveled off . Lin Gomez said that may be because Japanese have been in the U.S. longer than other Asian ethnic groups whose numbers are growing .
“ We know that breast cancer risk increases with acculturation — that is , adoption of Western lifestyles , '' Lin Gomez said . And that is consistent with the fact that the most rapidly increasing breast cancer rates are seen among the more recently immigrated groups such as Koreans , South Asians , and Southeast Asians .
The study hits close to home for Lin Gomez , who is Chinese-American , and said aspects of the Asian culture could be contributing to the growing numbers , including a tendency to consider cancer a stigma — and kept quiet within a family .
Grace Yoo , a professor of Asian-American Studies at San Francisco State University who has written extensively on Asian-American health issues , including breast cancer , is familiar with those sentiments .
There is a perception among some Asian-Americans that breast cancer is “ a white woman 's disease , ” Yoo said . “ It 's just not on their radar . ''
Yoo said many Asian-Americans arrive in the U.S. with no family history of the disease “ so there is n't that inter-generational communication '' around the importance of breast cancer screenings . Diagnosed at later stages , these women then face greater mortality than their white counterparts , they said .
And because many of these women equate the diagnosis as a death sentence , they said , they may not aggressively pursue treatment .
The study notes increasing trends of late-stage cancer among Asian-Americans — particularly among Filipino , Korean and South Asian women , who are the least likely to get screened .
In 2015 , Sherry Cava and their three children arrived in the U.S.from their native Philippines to join their mother in Daly City . About a month later , they felt a lump in their breast . Cava , now 44 , had never had a mammogram or even routine annual checkups after their three pregnancies , because of the prohibitive cost of health care .
“ In the Philippines , when you do n't feel anything , you do n't go to the doctor , '' Cava said . “ It 's only when you 're experiencing constant pain that you go . ''
But after they told a cousin , a nurse at San Francisco General Hospital , about the lump , they were able to get a mammography , ultrasound and biopsy done on the same day , Cava said .
Like Abe-Koga , their breast cancer treatment involved chemotherapy , a mastectomy and radiation . But Cava 's family did have a history of the disease : Them 70-year-old maternal grandmother had been successfully treated for it .
Cava , who completed their last cancer treatments last summer , said they believe if they not come to America , their cancer would not have been caught as early .
“ I am blessed to be here at this moment , ” they said .
Reading this on your phone ? Stay up to date with our new , free mobile app . Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store
Recording Academy President Neil Portnow said they do not believe the Grammys suffer from a race problem in an interview with Pitchfork .
The critique has been
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : Grammy President : ‘ I Do n't Think There 's a Race Problem '
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud Pause
4:36 ' I am here to save democracy ... '
3:56 What 's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise ?
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho , nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
The Hastings Group which has just opened its seventh hotel in the North , the £53 million Grand Central in Belfast , enjoyed a 7.8 per cent jump in sales last year , pushing annual pretax profits to more than £5.2 million .
Latest financial accounts for the family-owned hotel group , which also holds a 50 per cent stake in the five-star Merrion Hotel in Dublin , show that turnover also increased by more than £2.8 million last year to hit a high of £39.6 million .
According to the accounts , the Hastings Group received £647,504 last year from its joint venture in the Landmark Investment Company which holds 100 per cent of the share capital in Hotel Merrion Limited .
Although the hotel group , which employs more than 1,000 people in the North , may have strengthened its financial performance last year , its latest accounts are also tinged with sadness as they mark the passing of Sir William Hastings in December 2017 , who had been at the helm of the family business for more than 50 years .
Legacy of William Hastings
The directors state in their report that : “ Sir William almost single-handedly built up the group from the 1960s to what it is today . The group was their life and they are sorely missed by the directors and staff . ”
The latest set of accounts for the 12 months ending October 2017 show that the value of the Hastings Group 's “ tangible assets ” jumped by more than £25 million to £77.4 million last year .
This included a value of £32 million placed on the Grand Central Hotel which was under construction at the time .
The 23-storey hotel in the centre of Belfast , which the Hastings Group said was the single biggest investment it has undertaken , opened for business last month .
The level of this investment is also reflected in the latest financial accounts which show the increase in the hotel group 's bank loans and overdraft jumped from £14.8 million in 2016 to more than £33.1 million in 2017 .
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience . By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy ..
As 2016 rolled by , the leader of the Supreme Mavin Dynasty , Don Jazzy has penned down a thank-you note to fans of the record label . The ace producer took their time to thanks members of staff and affiliates of the Supreme Mavin Dynasty .
However , amongst other things in the note published on their Instagram page , Don Jazzy mentioned plans to expand the music imprint . They also indicated that as part of plans to expand it reach job vacancies are thrown open for interested and qualified fans .
Read their unedited message below :
As the year 2016 winds up , it is important for me to express my profound and esteemed gratitude to all the people that matter to the Supreme Mavin Dynasty all through the year . I would like to say a big thank you to all the Mavin fans both in Nigeria and globally for their love and support .
My appreciation would not be complete if I do n't thank our artists , producers and DJs for their relentless commitment and diligence in making the label a driving force in the music and entertainment scene , also I would like to thank the backend staff , crew and business leads for representing the business and the brand in a professional and ethical manner .
To our corporate partners thank you for believing in us by consistently doing business with The Supreme Mavin Dynasty , we appreciate you . To the Media platforms and personalities , I say a very big thank you to you for your undying support , we shall attain greater heights together in 2017 .
On a final note , who is a Mavin ? A Mavin is someone who has exceptional talent and skill in their field . As part of our 2016 goals , we decided to increase our workforce to 50 , which we surpassed by a slight margin as we have a workforce of 55 . As you all know , the Entertainment Business is not complete without those who are skilled in the Business , therefore we are seeking to expand our work-force to 120 team in 2017 considering our forthcoming projects .
We are reviewing portfolios for Business executives , Client servicing professionals , Style and Image experts , Digital Data and VAS Management executives , Government Liaison officers , CSR enthusiasts , Creative and Visual Production nerds , Talent and Catalog Management professionals , Content Developers , Retail , Sales and Fashion , Licensing specialist , Touring and Logistics specialist , Social Media Analyst and International Representatives in Accra , Nairobi , Abidjan , Dar es Salaam , Johannesburg , Douala , New York , London and Paris .
If you are Mavin and you have what it takes become part of a revolution in the Music and Entertainment industry , then send your CV with a detailed cover letter to info @ mavinrecords.com for consideration .
Happy New Year to you all , have a prosperous 2017 .
How happy , healthy , and secure are Americans ? Gallup asked half a million adults across the United States to rate their well-being from one to 100 across five factors : daily life , physical health , location , finances , and companionship . Combined , these measurements determined the states and cities with the highest and lowest well-being .
The survey reveals some clear geographic trends : 13 out of the 15 lowest ranking states are clumped together in a single band that stretches across the central and southern states from Michigan to Louisiana .
Meanwhile , well-being scores soar just to the west . Those content neighbors join Hawaii , Alaska , and a few Northeast states as being among the healthiest .
While Gallup 's survey does n't attempt to explain why individuals feel the way they do , it does expose some commonalities among the lives of Americans . Respondents from the lowest ranked states were more likely to report worse physical and financial health : They were more likely to smoke , be obese , and have little interest in life . They also reported not having enough money to buy food or healthcare .
Twenty-nine percent of respondents in West Virginia , the lowest ranked state , were smokers , compared with only 13 percent of those surveyed in Hawaii , the top-ranked state . One out of every eight residents of Rhode Island , ranked number 42 , felt unsatisfied with their standard of living , while one in 20 living in North Dakota , number 16 , said the same .
While respondents in the healthiest states generally score all aspects of their lives highly , Hawaiians ' scores plummet for companionship . While Hawaii ranks number one for overall well-being , it ranks 46 for companionship .
By distilling each state 's survey answers , Gallup also calculated the well-being of residents of the 189 largest metro areas of the United States .
States and metro areas with the lowest well-being scores are mostly in the eastern central part of the United States . 17 states and 63 metro areas in the bottom third of well-being scores
Middle-ranked areas are concentrated along the eastern seaboard and scattered throughout the West . 17 states and 63 metro areas in the middle third of well-being scores
The highest-ranked areas are mostly in the West and along the coasts . 16 states and 63 metro areas in the top third of well-being scores
Larger population does not correlate with lower well-being . Only four of the top 21 most populous urban areas fall in the lower third of well-being scores . New York , Los Angeles , and Chicago , the largest U.S. metro areas , are midrange when it comes to well-being .
The smallest urban areas represent both the highest and lowest scoring populations . The Naples metro area in Florida ranks number one for metro area well-being , while Fort Smith , Arkansas , a city with about the same population , ranks at the very bottom .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The county 's police and crime commissioner says that vulnerable women are suffering terrible domestic abuse in Derby 's suburbs and the Derbyshire countryside - but are too scared to come forward .
Hardyal Dhindsa said middle-class victims in rural communities and affluent suburbs were frightened about the repercussions on their family and social status so sweep abuse `` under the carpet '' .
Their warning comes as a new crime survey aiming to `` lift the lid '' on rural crime in Derbyshire has opened . The idea is to recognise and uncover hidden crimes that are taking place in the countryside , as well as get a grasp on the scale of crime the force is already aware of , so greater police resources and help for victims can be placed into tackling them .
Mr Dhindsa said they believe domestic abuse is one problem in middle-class and rural areas which is being significantly underreported .
They said : `` There 's no doubt that domestic abuse is a crime that is underreported in all areas but I think that is especially true in the countryside for a number of reasons .
`` From the information I have received it 's a problem and there are a lot of victims out there suffering in silence . Domestic abuse in rural and middle-class areas is likely to be more isolated . To put it simply , there are fewer people about . People are more isolated .
`` Victims may be less aware that what they are experiencing is actually domestic abuse . It 's not just physical abuse but also controlling behaviour over finances or emotions , along with a number of other different ways .
`` Nobody should suffer in silence . My message is please do not think that behaviour is normal . It 's absolutely not . ''
Mr Dhindsa said they were looking at commissioning more services and places of help for domestic abuse victims in the countryside .
They said : `` I 'm really looking forward to getting the results of the survey and I would urge people to take part so we can get a very full picture of the crime in rural communities .
`` From meetings and discussions I have had while being in the post of commissioner it 's apparent domestic violence is happening in these areas but is not being reported .
`` I know that there are vulnerable people in these communities . They may feel that by reporting it they could lose everything , their livelihood , their family and relationships and status in the community . That 's why I want to try and get more help for them so they can get the support they need .
`` I want to get the message out there that there is help and support and I hope that this survey can lead to that increasing . ''
Mr Dhindsa said one of their priorities as police and crime commissioner is to increase resources into fighting rural crime .
In March last year , they jointly launched the county 's first rural crime team , based at Matlock , which directly resolved rural crimes worth a combined £120,000 in its first six months .
People completing the survey answer questions about the crime they have experienced in their area .
Mr Dhindsa “ I ca n't emphasise enough how important it is to complete this survey and help us map out the problems and assess the scale of rural crime in Derbyshire . By taking a few minutes of your time , you can really make a difference to how we respond to rural crime in the future .
“ Whatever your views – positive or negative – we want to hear them so we can get better . ”
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
It feels like I 'm slowing , falling into a state of hibernation . It 's what happens in Australia during the winter months when all sporting events of interest feel like they 're happening on the other side of the world . Right now most of what matters tend to take place while I 'm sleeping , being nine hours ahead , or nine hours behind , depending on where you 're coming from .
One of the things I like to record and then watch later without knowing the results is the Diamond League athletic events . You can quickly fly through each race – or fast forward – even though sometimes it 's nice to sit back and listen to the full commentary .
I had been following the Giro d'Italia too , only it 's not easy to find time to sit through a few hours of a stage after it has all ended . Especially when you know already that Sam Bennett has won yet another stage . So the highlights are sufficed to give a general idea of what 's going on .
It also took the friendly lead-up game between the Republic of Ireland and France this week to remind me that the World Cup in football is taking place in Russia , starting in just two weeks ' time . Australia have qualified for the fourth successive time , although you might n't realise that unless you went looking for it .
I expected there would be a bit more build-up and interest generated already . But it 's not so obvious at all , particularly when I am accustomed to the build-up and excitement whenever the Republic of Ireland have qualified in previous years . Maybe that will change if Australia start winning some matches . It wo n't be easy .
First game
It 's interesting too that the first game for Australia will be against France , and it is set to take place at exactly the same time that the Ireland rugby team take on Australia in Melbourne in the upcoming Australia tour .
That should certainly test the ratings , and give a good idea where “ soccer ” – as they firmly call it here – and rugby lie in the wake of the dominant Australian Rules Football , which gets blanket media coverage throughout the winter .
I like to follow the Melbourne club Richmond Tigers even if just picking up team alerts on my phone wherever I am in the world – team sheets , quarterly updates throughout the game .
Maybe now that France have shown some form beating Ireland comfortably 2-0 , and with the Australians now gathered in Turkey for their pre-tournament training camp , there will be some momentum building towards the opening games in Russia in two weeks ' time .
It 's a daunting enough task for Australia playing France , one of the higher ranked teams , so early in the tournament . Then their second pool game is against Denmark , the team that defeated Ireland in the play-off games last year . Either way , it should bring some interest to this side of the world , closely followed by the arrival of the Irish rugby team in Melbourne .
This is also looking a little daunting for Australia . With the Australians trying to regain some form , and confidence , and Ireland regrouping again after their most successful season , it 's going to be a tense time over the three games .
All three games are set to be sell-outs – Brisbane , Melbourne and then Sydney . I suspect there will be more support for Ireland in the stadiums . There are so many Irish people living in Australia now , and we all know how well the Irish like to support their own . Especially while away from home . For those of us living in Melbourne , the match will be one of the highlights this winter .
Lashing rain
I 've already been to a couple of Ireland versus Australia games . I was in the wind and lashing rain at the old Lansdowne Road stadium in 2006 when Ireland had one of those rare wins over the Wallabies . I was at the World Cup game in Eden Park , New Zealand , in 2011 – again Ireland took the win . At the time it was a shock defeat for Australia , who still went a step more than Ireland to get to the semi-finals only to be defeated by eventual winners New Zealand . There is history between the teams .
Ireland are now second in the rugby world rankings , and it is something new for Australia to face Ireland as underdogs . Australia are not the powerhouse they have been in the past .
Down through the years I 've crossed paths with the Irish rugby team , and the energy and atmosphere is always something to look forward to . Just before the last World Cup in England , I was invited along with a few more former Irish sports stars to join the Irish team for dinner ahead of their game against Italy . We sat at different tables for each course , and got to chat and share stories in a very casual setting .
Alongside me were Barry McGuigan , Niall Quinn , AP McCoy and Henry Shefflin . After the dinner we were each presented with a signed jersey . It was a fitness test to see who would be brave enough to squeeze into the figure-hugging jerseys .
Safe place
Up until recently this jersey was packed away in a safe place . Then I thought maybe I should do something with it . I 'm often asked for something signed , though rarely hear back about what happened at the auction or where the jersey ended up .
I work closely with the Emer Casey Run in Melbourne , linked to the original run in Youghal , Co Cork , each year , all linked to the Emer Casey Foundation . Each year we raise funds for ovarian cancer research , and one of the fundraisers is an auction at the Melbourne Rose of Tralee Ball .
I reckoned the Irish jersey might raise a few dollars . We framed it , and put it up for auction on the night , and I was pleasantly surprised the next day when I got a message to say the jersey sold for $ 10,000 ( €6,400 ) . This really got the ball rolling for our run this year .
I sent a message to Joe Schmidt to let them know how grateful we were for this added bonus to our funds – and wished the Irish team good luck .
Maybe , like me , they hear no more once a jersey is donated .
Commends retired military officers ' sacrifice
The Edo State Governor , Mr. Godwin Obaseki , has revealed plans to pass into law , a bill to set up a Security Trust Fund for the state , as part of measures to revamp the security architecture .
Obaseki disclosed this when executive members of the Retired Army , Navy and Air Force Officers Association of Nigeria ( RANAO ) , Edo State Chapter , paid a courtesy visit to the governor at the Government House in Benin City , the Edo State capital .
They noted , “ As part of the rethinking of the state 's security architecture , we will , very shortly , pass into law the new Security Trust Fund Bill , which is going to be the anchor on which our security architecture will be built on . ”
The governor commended members of RANAO for their contributions to the security of the country , noting , “ Nigeria has been shaped by your activities as retired security officers and you have fought to keep the country as one . ”
They urged the group to provide advice and assistance to improve the security of life and property in the state , adding that security is a major challenge facing the country , and all hands must be on deck to solve the nagging problem .
Obaseki said , “ As a government , we realise that the challenges we face as a country is quite deep and formidable . Without law , safety and order , government will not succeed . That is why we have tried , as a government , to do our best in terms of safety , security and order to enable us build a great state . ”
Earlier , leader of the group , Retired Major General ( Retd . ) Paul Edomwande , commended Governor Obaseki for the developmental strides recorded since they assumed office as governor of the state .
“ We laud your effort in abolishing the Community Development Associations ( CDAs ) that had caused carnage in our communities .
“ Nothing should be allowed to disrupt the mop-up that is still going on , ” they added .
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Carlos Correa homered , doubled and drove in four runs , Jose Altuve got two more hits and the Astros hammered the Red Sox 8-2 Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series .
George Springer also homered to help Dallas Keuchel coast in Houston 's second straight romp by the exact same score .
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park .
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener , they got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz . Correa , who went 0 for 4 on Thursday , made it 2-0 when they launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field .
Keuchel pitched into the sixth , allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven .
Not sure if you heard , but there 's a football game this Sunday at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis as the AFC champion New England Patriots and NFC champion Philadelphia Eagles square off in Super Bowl LII to close out the 2017 NFL season .
Naturally , sportsbooks monitored by OddsShark.com have hundreds of Super Bowl props available for the game . However , what makes the Super Bowl so unique are the dozens upon dozens of props that have nothing to do with what happens from a football perspective .
Every Super Bowl , the coin toss is a very popular prop . Now , if you are a casual bettor you might be asking what fun betting on a 50-50 chance like a coin toss might be . Many bettors do so in hopes of starting their bankroll for the game in a positive direction .
The Super Bowl is hosted at a neutral site every year and the conferences rotate which team is considered the home side . For Super Bowl LII , that would be the Patriots ( they got first choice on uniform color ) , meaning the Eagles as the visiting team call the coin toss .
The referee wo n't be tossing the coin Sunday , as that honor will go to World War II veteran Hershel Woodrow “ Woody ” Williams , who received the Medal of Honor during the Battle of Iwo Jima . That the coin comes up tails is -105 and heads is -105 – all coin toss-related prices are the same -105 number because it is 50-50 . You can also bet whether the Eagles or Patriots win or whether the team that chooses heads or tails is correct .
Tail has come up 27 of the previous 51 Super Bowls , including the past four . In a very unusual twist , the NFC team has won the coin toss four straight years and 16 of the past 20 – it had a near-impossible 14-year winning run end in Super Bowl XLVI . Normally in the NFL , the team that wins the coin toss defers the chance to take the ball until the second half . It should be noted the Patriots have lost the coin toss in each of their five Super Bowl wins .
Meanwhile , diehard Eagles fan Pink will sing the national anthem . They were born in Doylestown , Pennsylvania , which is not far from Philadelphia . Bettors can wager on a handful of national anthem props , including a time of exactly two minutes for how long it takes Pink to complete the song . The over is a -165 favorite there .
In the past 12 years , the Super Bowl anthem has averaged 118 seconds . The past three , however , have gone over two minutes . The longest this decade was Alicia Keys at SB XLVII at 2:35 . Meanwhile , Kelly Clarkson took just 1:34 the year before . That Pink says the word “ Eagles ” into their microphone before , during or after the anthem is +150 with no at -200 .
For more odds info , picks and a breakdown of this week 's top sports betting news check out the OddsShark podcast with Jon Campbell and Andrew Avery . Subscribe on iTunes , or check it out at OddsShark.libsyn.com .
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran never made it to their label 's Grammys party . It 's not like they did n't want to go , they are n't allowed in .
Related : Ed Sheeran Surprised by Comeback Success
After the British singer/songwriter performed their new single , “ The Shape of You , ” at the GRAMMYs , they tried to get into their party , but they were turned away along with a crowd of others , so they went to another afterparty to celebrate .
“ That 's actually happened four years in a row , and that 's not just my label 's after-party , that 's just afterparties in general , ” they told NME . “ It 's just—do you know what I do n't get… it 's like you walk into those parties and there 's four musicians there and everyone else there are people from L.A. who did n't even go to the GRAMMYs and just want a party to go to . ”
“ So I went to Benny Blanco and Diplo 's party and arrived there super-early , ” they continued , “ and suddenly 2,000 people turned up . ”
After soaring to $ 4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend , the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise , topping a record $ 4,300 on Monday — nearly $ 1,000 above its rate one week ago , according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange .
Bitcoin settled back under the $ 4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning , according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency .
`` The bitcoin market cap soared past $ 70 billion , '' says CryptoCoins News , adding that a `` flippening '' that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass , as `` bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal . ''
A bitcoin could be bought for around $ 570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today 's exchange rate .
Reporting on the rise , the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $ 138 billion on Monday .
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors , from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — bitcoin classic and bitcoin cash . That change , which became official on Aug. 1 , was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure ; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently .
Formally introduced in 2009 , bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors . And blockchain , the technology that underlies bitcoin , has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers track investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs .
Other factors , such as bitcoin 's role as a hedge against political uncertainty , also play a role . A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a `` surge of interest '' in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats . The network also says there 's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan , with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases .
It 's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders . After the virtual currency hit a record $ 2,420 in May , The Economist ran a story asking , `` What if the bitcoin bubble bursts ? '' and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips .
Noting that `` Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $ 1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010 , when the price stood at $ 0.05 , would now have a stash worth $ 46 million , '' The Economist added that `` Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable '' — before concluding , `` If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble , this is it . ''
“ I understand the Zimbabwe Republic Police has made some arrests in connection with this , which is commendable . The law must therefore take its course . Their Excellency , President Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa has consistently and persistently appealed to all Zimbabweans , irrespective of political parties they belong , to refrain from any form of violence in their day today activities . Peace is a prerequisite for development . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A 15-year-old boy who took a loaded shotgun , 200 rounds of ammunition and a mask into a school has admitted possessing the weapon with intent to endanger life .
The youth , who can not be named because of their age , dialled 999 after having `` a change of heart '' and told a call-handler they had mental health problems and had been thinking of harming others .
Leamington Spa Youth Court was told the teenager also took ear plugs and a lock-knife with them to a school on Tuesday morning after removing the shotgun from a secure cabinet belonging to a relative .
Magistrates bailed the boy to an address before they are sentenced at Warwick Crown Court on July 14 .
As well as indicating guilty pleas to having the double-barrelled shotgun and 200 cartridges with intent to endanger life , the boy also admitted possession of a knife on school premises .
Opening the facts of the case , prosecutor Omar Majid said the shotgun and ammunition was legally held by an adult known to the boy .
Mr Majid told the court : `` When they went to the school they had concealed these items on him . Initially no one suspected that there were any issues at all .
`` He then proceeded to go into another room and took out these items . Fortunately at that point they had a change of heart and decided to call the police .
`` When they called 999 they told them what they were originally thinking of doing . They said ' I do n't know why I 've got it , I just felt so angry this morning and I had to get it out ' .
`` He was asked if they were thinking of using the gun on themselves or others and they said 'somebody else ' . When questioned further they said 'anyone ' and they confirmed during the call that the gun was loaded . ''
During the call , the youth also indicated that they had been feeling low and had suicidal thoughts .
Mr Majid added : `` There were no issues when the police attended and the matter was resolved peacefully .
`` Clearly it could have been an appalling situation the like of which everyone in this court is aware of in the ( United ) States . ''
Adjourning the case for pre-sentence reports to be drawn up , chair of the bench Sue Robertson told the boy : `` A sentence exceeding two years in custody is a real possibility and that is why we are committing you to the Crown Court for sentence . ''
[ Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery from the event . ]
A “ Symphony in the Garden ” gathered more than 100 guests as part of the 60th Anniversary Celebration of the Santa Barbara Symphony at the beautiful home of Michael and Anne Towbes in Montecito .
“ I 've been a supporter of the Santa Barbara Symphony for many years , and I think that they continue to improve year after year and it 's so great to see the quality of the symphony that we have here , ” Michael Towbes told Noozhawk . “ We 're so very fortunate to have our own symphony orchestra in Santa Barbara . ”
The event was not only an anniversary celebration but also an opportunity to acknowledge three donors who each contributed $ 60,000 this season — Marilynn Sullivan , Daniel Gainey for the Elaine F. Stepanek Foundation , and the William H. Kearns Foundation with Maxine Prisyon and Milton Warshaw .
Youth Symphony violinist Ian Bankhead greeted guests upon arrival as hors d'oeuvres and wine were served poolside . The Youth Symphony is an orchestra of nearly 70 musicians ages 12 to 20 from Santa Barbara and Ventura county schools that study under the direction of conductor Andy Radford , and no students are refused entry because of finances .
Guests also surveyed auction tables set up across the impeccably manicured grounds with unique items , including “ Christmas for Two in Florence with maestro Nir Kabaretti , ” conducting La Strada , an original ballet by Nino Rota , the composer of the music to The Godfather film at the Florence opera house , including four nights at the Rocco Forte Hotel Savoy . Also offered were two private performances , including a private piano recital at home with Santa Barbara Symphony principal keyboardist Natahsa Kislenko , and private chamber music with Central4 Strings .
Additional offerings were 2014 Grammy tickets , jewelry from Bryant & Sons and A.H. Gaspar jewelers , and oil paintings by Meredith Brooks , “ Still Life with Sunflowers , ” Ralph Waterhouse , “ Evening Light , ” and Whitney Brooks , “ Symphony in the Garden , ” which was also the event program cover art .
Musicians from the Santa Barbara Symphony also entertained guests a performance of Wolfgang Mozart among others .
“ Our musicians are at the top of the scene . It 's very tough to get on an orchestra — if you want to come and play you have to really win an audition in order to come and play with us , ” Kabaretti said . “ Today we have a short selection of music with a few of our members . They are all audition winners , and they play with some of the most prestigious orchestras in the country . ”
This group of talented musicians included Erik Rynearson on viola , Elizabeth Headman on violin , Ina Veli on violin , Jennifer Johnson on oboe and Trevor Handy on cello , setting the festive mood .
As the afternoon drew to a close , guests again gathered poolside for delectable desserts and coffee , soaking in the early evening sunshine that concluded a successful afternoon that raised about $ 50,000 .
More than 25,000 guests enjoyed 14 scheduled concerts plus a New Year 's Eve Pops program during the 2012-13 season , including collaborations with State Street Ballet and the Santa Barbara Choral Society .
The 2013-14 season will begin Oct. 12 with Richard Wagner 's Percussion and Space , an evening with conductor Kabaretti and guest soloist Ted Atkatz on percussion and performances of Wagner 's Tanhauser overtue and Gustav Holst 's The Planets at the Granada Theatre .
The season will continue Nov. 23 with “ All Mozart with Mattias Bamert , ” New Year 's Eve Pops , “ Giuseppe Verdi 's Greatest Opera Hits ” on Jan. 25 , “ Salute to Love ” with pianist Helene Grimaud on Feb. 16 , “ Classical Knockouts ” on March 15 , “ Beethoven Seven ” on April 12 , and “ Dvorak and Schostakovich ” on May 17 with Sara Sant'Ambrogio on cello .
Also , back by popular demand are special Behind the Music concert talks with musician and music scholar , Said Romon Araiza that are held one hour before every subscription concert .
The Santa Barbara Symphony was founded in 1953 on the “ belief that a special city deserves a special orchestra , ” and the unique qualities extend to the impact on local youth .
“ The symphony does a very good job of engaging younger people and bringing them to special events at the Granada , and I think it 's all very important so they grow up listening to that kind of music , ” Michael Towbess said .
These education programs enriched the lives of 4,500 Santa Barbara County schoolchildren over the last year , such as the Youth Symphony program that includes Junior Strings , designed for beginning and intermediate string players , ages 9 to 14 , and is currently made up of 25 young musicians who work with conductor Marisa McLeod .
Also part of the program is String Workshop that provides free weekly lessons and instruments to 140 aspiring musicians in the Goleta Unified School District .
Another program that benefits local youth is the Music Van donated by Marilynn and Tom Sullivan that has been in operation since 1978 . This mobile classroom is filled with orchestral instruments and serves 2,000 students in more than 40 schools every year with one-hour sessions for students .
Concerts for Young People is another program that for more than 50 years has introduced children in grades 4 to 6 to the wonders of the orchestra with interactive and friendly concerts that are free to students and teachers .
Additionally , this year the Santa Barbara Symphony will invite up to 16 groups to participate in the Community Engagement passes program that offers up to 20 tickets for a concert fitting the organizations “ musical personality , ” and includes a pre-concert talk with Araiza .
Upcoming events benefiting the symphony include an Afternoon Tea at the Four Seasons Resort The Biltmore on June 26 in support of the Symphony League .
Full seven-series subscriptions and flex four-series tickets are available online with individual tickets on sale in the fall .
Ticket sales and other earned income cover less than 35 percent of total operating costs and donor opportunities include opportunities at various levels from $ 50 for the Etude Club to the $ 5,000 Gold Circle and $ 25,000 Maestro Circle . For more information , click here or call Kelly Cornell-Weichbrod at 805.898.0107 or Christine Hollinger at 805.898.0316 .
— Noozhawk iSociety columnist Melissa Walker can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkSociety , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook .
The referendum last Friday confirmed what has been known for some time – that the Catholic Church and Ireland have grown apart . Clearly , many practising Irish Catholics are no longer willing to adhere to the church 's social teachings , particularly when it comes to sexual matters .
They now act in accordance with their conscience rather than dogma . In so doing , ironically , they are motivated by probably the greatest Christian virtue : compassion .
Both sides in the referendum insisted their motivation was compassion . But it is so much easier to feel the pain of a woman who had an abortion in difficult circumstances than relate to an essentially abstract unborn . It was similar with the same-sex marriage referendum . Stories of suffering endured by a vulnerable few moved the Irish public to comparatively radical change . The sky would fall in , they were warned . It did n't .
What did fall was the standing of the Catholic Church in Ireland . The experience is not peculiar to it either . All four main churches on the island opposed repeal of the Eighth Amendment , as did Evangelical Alliance Ireland . Institutional Christianity is in trouble in Ireland . All churches have a declining and ageing membership .
That trend suggests Ireland has become more western European in its thinking on religion . Research published this week found that the majority of western Europe 's Christians are non-practising . Conducted by the Washington-based Pew Research Centre , the study showed that the continent where Catholicism has been based for most of its history and Protestantism began is now one of the world 's most secular regions . This was recognised early in their papacy by Pope Francis , who told the European Parliament in 2014 that Europe , from a church perspective , was “ a tired grandmother , no longer fertile and vibrant ” .
Taking a wider perspective , the situation is very different . The global Catholic population increased 7.4 per cent in the first five years of this decade , to 1.285 billion . Africa had the largest percentage growth , increasing by an extraordinary 19.4 per cent between 2010 and 2015 .
Almost 49 per cent of the world 's Catholics live in the Americas , including the Caribbean , 17.3 per cent are in Africa , 11 per cent in Asia , and just under one per cent in Oceania/the South Pacific .
Only three of the top 10 Catholic countries are now in Europe . By population those that make up the top 10 are Brazil , Mexico , the Philippines , the US , Italy , France , Colombia , Spain , the Democratic Republic of Congo , and Argentina .
Today , Europe is home to just over a fifth , or 22.2 per cent , of the world 's Catholics . And as the centre of the Catholic world moves south , Europe is an increasingly insignificant part of the whole . The church in Europe may look tired and jaded , but in many parts of the world , it 's in rude health .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Firearm officers swooped on a public park in Walsall amid reports that a man was carrying a machete .
The drama unfolded inside Palfrey Park shortly before 7pm on Monday , with Palfrey and Caldmore neighbourhood watch team putting the initial call into West Midlands Police .
However , upon arrival , nothing was found and the alleged offender was released without charge .
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said : “ Police were called to reports of a man with a machete in Palfrey Park , Walsall , just before 7pm last night ( 24 April ) .
“ Nothing was found on the man and no-one was injured . We can confirm that armed response was in attendance . ”
Where is Palfrey Park ?
Palfrey Park is situated at the rear of Palfrey Girls School and off Broadway West .
What is the law on carrying knives ?
If you are caught illegally carrying a knife or a gun , even an imitation one , you will be arrested and prosecuted . It is no excuse to say it was for your own protection or you were carrying it for someone else .
Remember - the law is clear - if you choose to carry a weapon , you put your future in danger . If you do n't take it with you , it wo n't be used .
Play your part in reducing knife and gun crime by reporting people you know or suspect may be carrying a weapon illegally .
Call your local police on 101 , or dial 999 if a crime is in progress or a life is in danger .
If you ca n't talk to police , contact the independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 or using their online reporting form ( opens in a new window ) and give information about crime anonymously .
RAYNE - On the evening of Saturday , September 30 , 2017 , Claire Cathleen Lalande of Church Point and Dillon Shay Gatte of Rayne were united as husband and wife during a six-thirty evening Nuptial Mass celebrated at St. Joseph Roman Catholic Church . The double-ring ceremony was celebrated by Fr . Christopher Cambre , associate pastor .
The bride is the daughter of Paul and Celeste Lalande of Church Point . Them grandparents are Philip and Dolores Z. Habetz of Roberts Cove , Daniel Lalande of Crowley and the late Andreé M. Lalande .
Claire is a graduate of Notre Dame High School of Acadia Parish in Crowley , attained a bachelor of science degree in nursing , and is presently employed as a pediatric registered nurse at Women 's and Children 's Hospital in Lafayette .
The groom is the son of Karla and Eric Thomas of Rayne , and Damon and Joan Gatte of Lake Charles . Their grandparents are Jody Wilkerson of Jennings , Clifford Beard of Crowley , Yvonne Trammel of Basile and Rudy Gatte of Iota .
Dillon is also a graduate of Notre Dame High School of Acadia Parish and is presently emploued by Prevost Electric Company .
Providing musical selections for the ceremony were organist Kurt Boudreaux and trumpter Will Green .
Scriptures were read by Dinah Habetz , aunt of the bride , Jackie Valdetero , aunt of the bride , and Brooke Thomas , aunt of the groom .
Escorted by their father , the bride wore a sophisticated strapless fit and flare lace and tulled wedding gown designed by Martina Liana . The grown featured a fitted bodice , sweetheart neckline and cathedral-length train . The clear beading on the gown caught the light , beautifully making a bold and elegant statement . From a simple headpiece fell a cathedral-length veil of sheer illusion with a cutout edging design . They carried a clutch bouquet of white dove roses gathered with quicksand roses , white O'hara ad white ranunculus .
Traditional items were selected by the bride for their wedding day including a mother of pearl rosary belonging to their late paternal grandmother as somethin old . Something new were three-tierdrop diamond and gold earrings . The groom 's step-grandmother 's diamond bracelet served as something borrowed . Something blue was a diamond and sapphire engagement ring of their maternal grandmother .
Serving as maids of honor were Jaclyn Lalande , sister of the bride , and Simon Habetz , cousin of the bride .
Bridesmaids were Natalie Thomas , sister of the groom ; Ellyn Lalande , bride 's sister-in-law , and Hannah Fremeaux and Hannah Simon , friends of the bride .
Bridal attendants each wore a halter-style gown of liquid metal chiffon deigned with a cowl neck by Nouvelle Amsale . The gown tied at the waist of a flowing skirt to provide an elegant movement to the draped design . Each carried a clutch bouquet of white hydrangea , amnesia roses , along with quicksand , Sahara and ivory roses .
Attending the groom as their best man was Caleb Simon , a friend .
Groosmen were Alex Lalande , brother of the bride ; Jack Thomas and John Eric Thomas , brothers of the groom ; and friends Stephen Hamic , Zac D'Aquin and Beau Petitjean .
Ushering guests were Jerry Menard and Eva Doucet , friends of the groom .
For their daughter 's wedding , the mother of the bride , Celeste Habetz Lalande wore a Tadashi Shoji gown designed with elegant embroidered lace and cap sleeves in a petal bloom color . They were presented a corsage of ivory majolica and Dusty Miller .
The groom 's mother , Karla Beard Thomas selected a Mignon crepe chiffon gown featuring rosette off-the-shoulder and front panel in a dusty rose tone . They were also presented a corsage of ivory majolica and Dusty Miller .
Immediately following the wedding ceremony , the newlyweds were honored during a reception held at The Crossing at Mervine Kahn in Rayne .
Against the traditional setting of the reception area were gold candelabras , rosegold vases and pilar candlescape featuring white hydrangea and a mixture of roses throughout .
Among the refreshments provided was the bride 's cake , an ivory five-tier confection of round double layers of buttercream designed with intricate lace accents and topped with the Sahara , quicksand and white O'Hara roses .
The groom 's cake was a traditional chocolate confection created in the shape of a red snapper displayed on a wooden cutting board .
Prior to the wedding , a rehearsal dinner was held Thursday , Sept. 28 , at The Bank at Mervine Kahn by the groom 's parents and step-parents . Guests enjoyed a bisque and salad paired with prime rib and filet mignon .
Following a wedding trip to Thailand , the couple will make their home in Church Point .
Dollar 's prospects rest on Trump 's choice of Fed chair
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Energetic Afro Pop Artiste , OJO DANIEL OLABORODE SUNDAY , popularly known as DANNY S has been really working harder this 2017 as they promised to take their music Carrier to Zenith .
After releasing it 's Audio earlier this year , They unleash the official Video to Their Party Dance-Hall Tune , titled “ TELL DEM ” .
Tell Dem was produced by Booster & Mixed by 2T Boyz with its Visuals Directed by Twinqle Film for Playhouseafrica… .
DANNY S is currently unsigned but has a team of professionals working endlessly on their Projects so far .
Tell Dem “ The Goodness of God shall follow us , for the rest of Our Lives ” .
Watch and Enjoy .
Connect with Danny S on Twitter & Instagram @ dannys9ja
http : //tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Danny_S_-_Tell_Dem.mp3
Danny S – Tell Dem
The post AUDIO | VIDEO : Danny S – ‘ Tell Dem ' appeared first on tooXclusive .
By Abby Hassler
Halsey is not one to endure injustice quietly . The “ Now or Never ” singer has joined forces with Center for Health and Gender Equity to speak out against the Trump administration 's Global Gag Rule and support the Global Them Act .
Related : Halsey Interview : I will Never Get Used to People Liking My Music
In a new video produced by ART NOT WAR , Halsey speaks about the life-threatening consequences the rule can have for women around the world . Trump 's rule prevents organizations from receiving U.S. family planning funding if they educate the public or their government about the need for safe abortion services .
Halsey has already been vocal online about women 's rights , but now is urging people to voice their support of the new bill introduced Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Representative Nita Lowey .
Watch the full video here .
When going for a Wrist Digital Blood Pressure Monitor , one should check accuracy , cuff size , clinically validation and go for a trusted brand only .
Blood pressure monitors are the basic medical equipment , used to measure blood pressure . It consists an inflatable cuff and mercury or mechanical manometer to measure BP . However , with advancement of technology , such medical devices have also been digitised making it facile and precise way to keep track of blood pressure . Such devices are user-friendly , enabling even the laypeople to easily check BP readings . Wrist Digital Blood Pressure Monitor is the advanced version of BP monitors and have got overwhelming response from the users . This device more of looks like a smartwatch , needed to be wear an inch below the wrist and just with push of a button , its cuff automatically inflates and the BP readings will be displayed on the given screen mounted on the device . Although Wrist Digital Blood Pressure Monitor
is loaded with number of advantages but one should be heedful when buying such device . Below are few factors helping you to choose the right Wrist Digital BP Monitor : -
• Accuracy : Before making the purchase , one should consult the doctor and also study the reviews of the device , this will help to understand the efficacy and accuracy , also one must cross-check the readings with BP operator in their doctor 's clinic .
• Cuff Size : Different cuff sizes available in market , it 's important to get the apt cuff size to achieve accuracy in readings .
• Clinically Validated : There are different organisations keeping a check on quality of different devices , FDA ( Food And Drug Administration ) is one of the prominent institute of the USA ensuring the quality of products in food and drug .
• Trusted And Experienced Brand : You should certainly go for a renowned brand having experience of several years . Such BP monitor needs auto calibration in every two years , done by the company itself .
Santamedical is one of the pioneer brand of health care segment having expertise of several years , it 's Wrist Digital Blood Pressure Monitor is preferred by many elite hospitals and clinics of the USA . To know more about the device simply visit the given link : ps : //www.amazon.com/Santamedical-Wrist-Digital-pressure-Monitor/dp/B00ACBKPJ8
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
The secret to a well-appointed room lies in the skills of the home decorator or interior designer . These are professionals who look at the room and instantly know what will work well in the space . They are able to coordinate colour , accessories , furniture and other items flawlessly to create a beautiful home . When decorating your home , you might just be able to manage a living room or bedroom but the rest of the spaces may prove a challenge . But , here are some home decorator secrets that can help you turn your home in keeping with the latest styles .
No overcrowding of furniture :
Some folks go overboard with their purchases and end up with several items of furniture and knick-knacks which they want to display in the room . This practice only serves to overcrowd the room which makes it look small and heavy . Clean lines with minimal accessories give the room an open look which is what you need to achieve .
Keep an eye on the paintwork :
Choosing a colour scheme for your home is fun , though keep in mind that the theme must match the overall furniture and fixtures . Bold colours add a touch of brightness to the room , but you could use a certain shade to focus attention or create a cosy corner .
Do away with the clutter :
Over the years , the clutter tends to accumulate . Try to get rid of unwanted items , but if you do n't want to discard them , put them away so that they do not mar the overall appearance of the room .
Add some unique pieces of furniture :
One simple home decorator secret to the latest style is to pick up an item of furniture or accessories that will give your home a creative look . Your home interiors reflect your personality and adding a unique piece of art or furniture says it all . Annandale Interiors , Australia has an extensive collection of unique Louis Bergere Chair in the latest styles . Browse through the site http : //www.annandaleinteriors.com.au and you might just find the right piece to complete the room .
Light fixtures are an important accessory :
Get a unique light fixture for that empty space above the Oriental Leg Coffee Table or choose a chandelier that will focus attention and brighten up the space . Check out the range of products available at Annandale Interiors online or visit their showroom for more .
Annandale Interiors specialises in custom made and custom designed furniture and Bedroom Furniture Accessories . An entire range of furniture for all your home spaces is available . In fact , you can ask for a site visit and get a free quote on custom designed furniture and fixtures for your home . Annandale Interiors offers the best quality leather and timber products in Australia along with quick after sales service .
DETROIT - The father of two who charged at convicted sexual abuser Larry Nassar in court on Friday has spoken out about their action in the courtroom .
Randall Margraves apologized for their actions during a press conference Friday afternoon , saying they were embarrassed by their actions .
`` I 'm not advocating that everyone should do that , I feel very remorseful , very apologetic . I was embarrassed , '' Margraves said .
Margraves added that he 's `` no hero '' and that the heroes are `` Nassar 's victims . ''
`` I believe in Heaven and Hell and I can only hope that , when the day comes , that Larry Nassar has ended their days on this Earth , that they will be escorted to one of the deepest , darkest , hottest pits in Hell there is – for them and people like him , '' Margraves said in closing . `` I hope there 's a lot of pain attached to it , because he 's certainly left a lot of pain here on this Earth . ''
Read Margraves full statement below :
This morning I got up with full intention to go to work . I was going to stop by the courthouse for support , I knew my daughters were going to make an impact statement , I did not know the content in the impact statement . We went to the podium , Sherry , their mother and myself , in support of the two daughters . When I had to hear what was said in those statements and I have to look over at Larry Nassar shaking their head , that 's when I lost control .
I 'm not advocating that everyone should do that , I feel very remorseful , very apologetic . I was embarrassed . I thank Judge Cunningham and all the court system for their leniency on me . This is to not be a lawless society , I know that , I lost control , but I regained control later – in a holding cell .
When my children were little , they were taught to respect and obey and trust authority . That means the police , and their parents , and their , teachers and their coaches , and their doctors . They were taught to respect and obey and trust adults , because adults would teach them the proper way to live their lives . And we see what happened there .
When the girls were little , Sherry and myself worked hard to provide extra opportunities for our children , and they found these opportunities on the athletic fields . They all participated in sports camps and traveling teams and they all played basketball , softball , volleyball and they ran track , cross-country and gymnastics . And then the injuries started showing up .
Almost immediately , this family 's getting professional advice to see one of the top doctors in their field , Larry Nassar . And I should have felt privileged for getting the invoices , because , after all , he 's taking care of Michigan State University athletes , as well as Olympians .
I allowed myself to take this advice , I fell for the Michigan State hype , I was blinded to the fancy degrees hanging on an office wall and I delivered , unintentionally , my three daughters to a demon , who had their own twisted and sick agenda for their own demented desires .
Now I have to live with the fact that I failed to protect my daughters . This is a strong family , we will get through it .
Sometimes the relationships between me and my daughters have been strained , stressed , distant . I was always trying to figure that out . I was always frustrated and puzzled . I always tried to work as hard as I could to be a good father and now I know what one of the reasons were , the main reason . The reason was Larry Nassar .
Now I have to worry that my daughters can ever trust another man for the rest of their life . The survivors and the victims are most important now , and my daughters are a part of that . If it was n't for all the brave girls and women that have come forward before now , I do n't know if my family could 've came forward now , so I appreciate and thank all the victims and survivors for what they 've done .
I do not doubt for a minute all the people who have come forward , there 's was probably even more victims out there that have yet to come forward . And to them I say I wish you well and I hope you can find the inner strength to go down the path of recovery .
Like I said , the victims and survivors are the most important , but I represent the parents and the grandparents and the family members and the friends and the community members and the coaches and the teachers , all who have cared and taught and loved these kids , not just my kids , but all these kids , the right way . I thank all of those for their support .
I want to wrap this up . I will tell you that I believe in God almighty , I believe in Heaven and Hell and I can only hope that , when the day comes , that Larry Nassar has ended their days on this Earth , that they will be escorted to one of the deepest , darkest , hottest pits in Hell there is – for them and people like him . I hope there 's a lot of pain attached to it , because he 's certainly left a lot of pain here on this Earth .
The award is in recognition of staff development
Tech21 has been awarded the Investors in People silver accolade for excelling in staff development .
The Twickenham-based case manufacturer proved to perform at an excellent standard in nine key assessment criteria including : workplace trends , essential skills and effective structures .
The firm credits its award to its 'employee voice ' programme which offers its UK staff a way to offer their opinions . It currently employs 74 UK staff , 134 globally .
Around 14,000 organisations across 75 countries have held the People Silver Award . The awards are designed to celebrate the support and management of people for sustainable results . Past winners include electronics manufacturer Brother and Arriva Rail North .
Tech21 was recently named in the Sunday Times ‘ Fast Track 100 ' of British tech companies .
Incredible testament
Tech21 founder Jason Roberts ( pictured ) said : “ This award is testament to the incredible , innovative work of every single person across the company .
“ One of the pillars of our business is that we strongly believe that things can always improve and get better , and we apply this principle to our products , our workplace and our contribution to society as a whole . ”
Tech21 CEO John Doughty added : “ We 're delighted to have achieved this high standard and now the next step will be working towards achieving the award for all our team members through a global employee programme and attaining the gold accreditation in the coming years as tech21 continues to grow . ”
In 2009 , President Barack Obama promised that their new $ 38.6 billion loan guarantee program for “ green ” technology would create 65,000 jobs ( that 's $ 600,000 per job ) . According to the Department of Energy , after spending 17.2 billion of taxpayer dollars , the program Obama created gave us 3,545 new permanent jobs ( that 's $ 4.9 million per job ) .
Financed by the 2009 stimulus , this generous loan guarantee program recently came under scrutiny by the House Oversight Committee after the collapse of Solyndra . The California solar panel company was given the administration 's first green tech loan . It was for $ 535 million and was pushed through by the White House over the objections of federal budget analysts .
Before its collapse , Solyndra was the showcase of Obama 's green energy agenda . They lavished praise on the company when they visited its Silicon Valley headquarters last year , despite the company 's obvious financial troubles . According to David Freddoso of the Washington Examiner , an audit of the company by Price Waterhouse Coopers , revealed Solyndra had losses of $ 585 million in five years and had cash flow problems from its inception .
Questions about Obama 's gift of a half-billion dollar in taxpayer money to this failing company are now being linked to questions about the connection of Obama donors to Solyndra . George Kaiser , an Obama donor and frequent guest at the White House , was one of the original investors in Solyndra .
The Washington Times Bureau reports that Steve Spinner , a Department of Energy employer and major fundraiser for Obama , helped monitor the Solyndra loan and other green energy deals . Mathew Daly of The Associated Press quotes government records , “ The Obama administration restructured the half-billion dollar loan to the troubled solar company in such a way that private investors , including a fundraiser for Obama , moved ahead of taxpayers for repayment in case of default. ” Simply put , taxpayers lost $ 535 million .
The Solyndra fiasco is an example of crony capitalism and corruption . From all accounts , it appears to involve the president . But it could be just the tip of the iceberg . Sources say the White House is rushing to approve 15 more loans for questionable green energy projects to use up more of the stimulus funding before the deadline of Sept. 30 .
If this concerns you , demand that Congress investigates where your stimulus dollars went , including loans and grants . This administration has thrown away your money . It can not be trusted .
Diana Thorn
Carpinteria
Power-band shoots into the orbit with Aprilia Racing Team pushing the bar beyond 250 PS .
Aprilia Racing Team have come up with a monster of a machine exclusively available for track use . The new RSV4 R FW-GP will be directly sold by Aprilia Racing . This is the fourth version in a line of variants that include the RSV4 R FW SBK . What sets the GP version apart from the rest is that it started out as a RSV4 R FW SBK but derived its engine from the RS-GP 15 . It has an 81-mm bore and pneumatic valve timing that guarantees power upwards of 250 PS .
Those who order one of these beauties are in for a world of special treatment . They will be invited to the factory in Noale to discuss the terms of the contract and interact with the engineers to set up their bike according to their needs and budget . Other goodies include the right to a full set of branded Aprilia racing leathers , paddock passes for an entire Moto GP weekend and invitation to participate in an Aprilia track day . This track day also includes an engineer from Aprilia who will be present to make any changes to the bike 's set-up allowing you to take full control of the bike 's mechanical and electronic potential .
The price has not been revealed yet but it is definitely going to be hefty . Worth it ? Most definitely !
Related Posts via Categories
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa have forgotten what it feels like to be top of the charts .
Villa have been more used to being in the miss parade than the hit parade .
So , we 've put together a top 10 of songs the Villa Park masses will remember .
And we 've provided a handy guide to remind you of the origins of these classic claret and blue cover versions .
New York , New York
The song Frank Sinatra turned into a hit was used to pay homage to Holte End hero Dwight Yorke during the 1990s .
The Villa version : `` Start spreading the news , he 's playing today , I want to see them score again - Dwight Yorke , Dwight Yorke . If they can score from there , he 'll score from anywhere , it 's up to you , Dwight Yorke , Dwight Yorke . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
My Old Man Said Follow The Van
Taste and decency prevents us from going into too much detail about the precise lyrics of this one .
Needless to say it is a version of an old music hall favourite adapted to take a pop at rivals Birmingham City and to salute Nigel Spink , Paul Birch and Alan McInally .
The Villa version : `` My old man said be a City fan and I said ...... '' You know the rest ...
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Hooray ! Hooray !
Modern day chants do n't sample enough Boney M , they really do n't .
Unlike this tune which swapped the words 'Hooray , hooray , it 's a holi-holiday day firstly for a verse in honour of a goalscoring great and then a song praising a follically challenged full-back .
The Villa version 1 : Gary Shaw , Gary Shaw , Gary Gary Shaw , they get the ball , he 's bound to score , Gary Gary Shaw . ''
The Villa version 2 : `` Chris Price , Chris Price , Chrissy Chrissy Price . He 's got no hair , but we do n't care , Chrissy , Chrissy Price . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Kum Bay Ya
It 's only fitting that a religious hymn should have been given a re-working to pay tribute to 'God ' .
Paul McGrath 's chant is still belted out regularly by Villa fans now , more than 20 years ago their claret and blue heyday .
The Villa version : Paul McGrath my lord , Paul McGrath , Paul McGrath my lord , Paul McGrath , Paul McGrath my lord , Paul McGrath , oh lord , Paul McGrath .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Ghost Riders in the Sky
It 's not just Tony Xia who has been splashing the cash at Villa Park . There 's been plenty of Johnny Cash too .
The Villa version : `` Yippie yi ohhh , yippie yi yaaay , Holte Enders in the sky . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Gino
This was one of those rare occasions when the stadium DJ 's choice of tune can generate a response from the stands . During Dean Saunders ' time as a fans ' favourite , a distinctive blast of 'Gino ' by Dexys Midnight Runners came blaring out of the Villa Park stereo , generating some enthusiastic crowd participation .
The Villa version : `` Wo wo Deano ! ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Deck the Halls
Villa fans were clearly feeling a little more festive during the seventies . This Christmas carol was given the claret and blue treatment to form a eulogy about Villa 's new boardroom advisor back when they were a star player .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Villa version : `` Brian Little walks on water , tra la la la la , la la la la . ''
The First Noel
Another 1970s Christmas-themed chant , this time in honour of Bruce Rioch .
The Villa version : `` Rioch , Rioch , Rioch , Rioch , born is the king of Villa Park . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Boom boom boom
This tune from the Outhere Brothers did not seem the most likely track for football hero-worship . But substitute 'wayo ' for 'Savo ' and away you go , an anthem hailing 1990s striker Savo Milosevic .
The Villa version : `` Boom boom boom , let me hear you say Savo , Savo . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Seven Nation Army
And finally , let 's try to make this a bit more current ... well a couple of years ago 'current ' , anyway .
This track by The White Stripes lent itself to a tribute to Christian Benteke , and let 's face it , the big Belgian 's goalscoring heroics certainly warranted a tribute .
The Villa version : `` Oh , Christian Benteke , oh Christian Benteke . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Listen to our latest Villa podcast
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. -- Records from 911 calls show the driver charged with killing a woman at a white supremacist rally was previously accused of beating their mother and threatening them with a knife .
Authorities say 20-year-old James Fields drove their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville . At least two dozen were wounded in addition to the woman killed .
The records the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man 's mother had called police in 2011 . Records show Fields ' mother , Samantha Bloom , told police they stood behind them wielding a 12-inch knife . Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair .
In another incident in 2010 , Bloom said that Fields smacked them in the head and locked them in the bathroom after they told them to stop playing video games . Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control theirs temper .
Highlights Green tea can provide many anti-ageing benefits
Avocados are great for soft and supple skin
Blueberries are full of vitamin C that builds immunity
Green tea can provide many anti-ageing benefits .
2 . Grapes- Phytonutrients present in grapes have anti- aging properties . They also contain Resveratrol especially red grapes that act like antioxidants . Phytonutrients present in grapes have anti- aging properties . They also contain Resveratrol especially red grapes that act like antioxidants .
micronutrients . '' Here 's a list of 25 foods that help you look as young as you feel.Rich in powerful flavonoids , green tea is extremely beneficial for the knees , preventing any damage to the cartilage . It has a wide range of anti-aging benefits .
3 . Dark Chocolate- Cocoa in chocolate helps one get rid of wrinkles and dark circles .
4 . Walnuts- Extremely beneficial for hair health , walnuts contain copper making the hair richer and strong . They also contain vitamin E .
5 . Pineapple- Rich in enzymes like bromelain , pineapples maintain one 's skin , preventing acne and enabling the skin to look younger .
6 . Tomatoes- Carotenoids in the tomato protect the skin from the harmful UV rays of the sun thus preventing tanning .
7 . Avocado- Great for soft and supple skin , the omega 9 fatty acids in avocados help prevent dryness of the skin .
( Also read : How to Eat Avocado )
Avocados are great for soft and supple skin . Photo Credit : Istock
8 . Oats- Antioxidants in oats help fight the free radicals in the body . They also prevent the formation of wrinkles on the skin .
9 . Watermelon- Often considered to be the secret to your anti-aging regime , watermelon consists of antioxidants that prevent the formation of wrinkles on the skin .
10 . Carrots- Phytonutrients help prevent damage caused by free radicals in the body .
11 . Blueberries- Loaded with vitamin C and E , blueberries top the berry list in providing anti-aging benefits .
Blueberries are full of vitamin C. Photo Credit : Istock
12 . Red Cabbage- Consuming red cabbage prevents pre-mature aging . Vitamin C prevents aging of the skin . Consuming red cabbage prevents pre-mature aging . Vitamin C prevents aging of the skin .
13 . Kiwi- It improves bone health and promotes healthy bones . It helps neutralize free radicals in the body .
14 . Fennel- Loaded with fiber , fennel helps to detoxify the body and improves digestion .
15 . Lemon and hot water- A glass of hot water and lemon every morning on an empty stomach keeps the skin hydrated and gives it the desired glow .
16 . Kidney Beans- Rich in potassium and zinc , these kidney beans maintain health of the heart .
17 . Olive Oil- Both polyphenols and vitamin E in olive oil contain anti-aging properties .
18 . Coconut Water- Often called the best “ anti-aging drink ” , coconut water replenishes the skin due to the host of natural vitamins and minerals it contains .
( Also read : 10 Reasons to Drink More Coconut Water )
Coconut water is very hydrating . Photo Credit : Istock
19 . Strawberries- Packed with vitamin C , which promotes the production of collagen in the body , the antioxidant effects of strawberries help one feel younger .
20 . Apples- Again a rich source of vitamin C , which is extremely beneficial for the cells of the skin , an apple a day definitely will keep you from aging and feeling younger than ever . Packed with vitamin C , which promotes the production of collagen in the body , the antioxidant effects of strawberries help one feel younger.Again a rich source of vitamin C , which is extremely beneficial for the cells of the skin , an apple a day definitely will keep you from aging and feeling younger than ever .
21 . Flaxseeds- Lignans in flaxseeds help to keep cholesterol levels under control .
22 . Cinnamon- It increases the production of collagen , which in turn increases the elasticity of the skin .
23 . Ginger- With gingerol , the anti-inflammatory effects of ginger are tremendous .
24 . Broccoli- Broccoli helps prevent risks of obesity and diabetes by reversing the mitochondrial malfunctions in the body .
25 . Fatty Fish-Rich in omega-3 fats , fatty fish improves heart health .
Include these foods in your daily diet , you 'll not only have a great variety to experiment with but will also be able to maintain your skin and health .
Disclaimer :
The opinions expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author . NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy , completeness , suitability , or validity of any information on this article . All information is provided on an as-is basis . The information , facts or opinions appearing in the article do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same .
The Santa Barbara County Fire Department reminds the public that all fireworks , including the so-called safe and sane variety , are illegal in all areas of Santa Barbara County . However , some cities within Santa Barbara County have local rules regarding fireworks within their jurisdiction .
Each July Fourth , thousands of people , most often children and teens , are injured while using illegal fireworks . On average , 32,000 fires occur and 9,300 injuries result from fireworks nationally , according to the National Fire Protection Association . Despite the dangers of fireworks , few people understand the associated risks — devastating burns , injuries , fires and even death can occur .
The Santa Barbara County Fire Department recommends the best way to view fireworks is to attend one of the public fireworks display conducted by professional pyro technicians .
The following tips will help make the display more enjoyable to the public , as well as make the display as safe as possible :
» Spectators should obey all ushers or monitors and respect the safety barriers set up to allow the trained operator room to safely do their job . Resist any temptation to get close to the actual firing site . In fact , the best viewing is from a quarter-mile away .
» Although it rarely happens , it is possible that a firework component might fall to the ground without exploding . The public should be cautioned not to touch these fireworks and contact your local fire department .
» Pets have very sensitive ears , and the booms and bangs associated with a fireworks display can be quite uncomfortable , particularly to dogs . Leave pets at home if you are planning on attending a fireworks show .
The Santa Barbara County Fire Department urges the public to enjoy public displays of fireworks conducted by trained professionals and reminds the public that all fireworks are illegal in all areas of Santa Barbara County .
Have an enjoyable and safe Fourth of July .
— Capt . David Sadecki is a public information officer for the Santa Barbara County Fire Department .
Children and pensioners are being subjected to prostitution on a daily basis in an area of Dundee , it has been claimed .
A public meeting was held between residents , the police and other organisations following a series of concerns about the Arbroath Road area becoming a red light zone .
Around 30 people gathered at Arthurstone Community Library on Monday night to discuss the problem .
James McDonnell , a resident of Arbroath Road for 30 years , told the Tele afterwards they had witnessed people engaging in sexual acts close to their home — with children watching on . They said : “ There 's a larger visibility of prostitutes and , with all due respect , a low visibility of the powers that be to try to sort this situation out .
“ It 's practically on a nightly basis but more prevalent at the weekends . It 's now a red light zone . Children should n't be exposed to that . ”
Terri Lloyd , 46 , a primary school teacher who lives on Arbroath Road with husband Andy , said children in the area and even their pensioner mother-in-law had been approached by prostitutes .
They added : “ I had to explain to my daughter . They kept saying to me , ‘ why is that girl always passing our house ? '
“ I held off explaining for as long as I could but eventually I had to say why they were there . I really felt that was out of line .
“ Where I live , my living room is right on the corner so we see activity every night , all night . My mother-in-law is 73 . They pulled up outside the house once and a girl approached them They left when they realised it was an elderly woman , but that 's the extent of it . ”
They said other family members had been “ propositioned ” at their front gate by sex workers and added that they were seeing “ new girls appearing all the time ” working in prostitution .
Community sergeant Alex Munro told the meeting officers were monitoring the situation , adding that women working as prostitutes would be given three warnings before being arrested — though anyone caught soliciting for sex , or “ kerb crawling ” , could be arrested and charged instantly .
Council representatives vowed that staff would continue to patrol the area and report suspected offences to police .
Mexico veteran Rafael Marquez is set to join an elite club of footballers when they play in their fifth World Cup , but they head to Russia tarnished by a drug trafficking investigation .
Marquez , who made their World Cup debut in South Korea and Japan in 2002 , will join Gianluigi Buffon of Italy , Lothar Matthaeus of Germany and fellow Mexican Antonio Carbajal as the only players to have appeared in five editions of the tournament .
But instead of riding off tranquilly into the sunset , the 39-year-old will arrive in Russia amid legal woes and personal turbulence .
Last August , the US Treasury Department accused the former Barcelona player of being a “ front person ” for a drug trafficking group based in the Mexican city of Guadalajara .
With their US visa cancelled and their Mexican bank accounts frozen , Marquez took a nearly three-month break from football to focus on their legal defence .
After winning a court decision unfreezing some of their bank accounts , they returned to the pitch .
But the cloud of the ongoing investigation is still hanging over the defensive midfielder .
The Mexican national team 's sponsors , including Coca-Cola , have asked not to be associated with him , and they have been training for the World Cup in an unmarked jersey .
Still , coach Juan Carlos Osorio says Marquez , who recently retired from Guadalajara club Atlas , is an invaluable leader .
“ Off the pitch , there 's no debate , he 's the footballer who can bring the most to this team , ” they said in announcing their squad .
Marquez has worn the captain 's armband in all four of their World Cups — a record — and is an alternate captain this year .
Osorio denied they were taking them along as a bench-warmer to boost them to the five World Cup club .
“ This was strictly about sporting criteria , ” they said .
AFP
SANAA - Dozens were killed and wounded in an air raid on a wedding party in Yemen , local officials said Monday , with Huthi rebels blaming a Saudi-led military coalition .
The Iran-backed rebels who control most of northern Yemen blamed Sunday 's attack on the Arab coalition that backs the country 's government , in the latest in a string of such incidents .
Medical sources and local officials put the number of dead between 22 and 33 , with at least 40 to 50 wounded , while the exact circumstances of the raid remained unclear .
Rescue teams said the wedding was being held in the Huthi-controlled Bani Qais area of Hajjah province , north of Sanaa , when jets carried out the raid .
Doctors Without Borders ( MSF ) said on Twitter that a hospital it supports in Hajjah received at least 45 patients , including 13 children , wounded in the air strikes , which it said were `` among the most devastating in the area in recent months '' .
A local official said that at least 23 civilians , including women and children , were killed and 36 others wounded in the attack .
The official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said a double air strike on the crowded party venue had left a number of dead bodies buried beneath the rubble .
Huthi-run Al-Masirah television said at least 33 people , including women and children , were killed and as many as 55 people wounded .
The Saudi-led coalition 's spokesperson Colonel Turki al-Malki did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Iran , which is accused of supplying arms to the Shiite Huthis , swiftly condemned the raid .
`` The escalated bombardment of residential areas proves the desperation and inability of the invaders in achieving their goals , '' foreign ministry spokesperson Bahram Qassemi said in a statement .
The Saba news agency , controlled by the rebels , branded the attack `` the new genocidal crime of the Saudis '' .
It was not the first deadly strike on a wedding during Yemen 's conflict , which has killed nearly 10,000 people and wounded 54,000 others since the coalition intervened in March 2015 to battle the Huthis and restore Yemen 's internationally recognised government to power .
In late 2015 , coalition air strikes on two wedding parties in northern Yemen killed at least 159 civilians .
Violence has also hit funerals . In October 2016 , 140 mourners were killed in an air strike on a house in Sanaa .
Elsewhere in Yemen on Monday , five pro-government soldiers were killed and 19 wounded in clashes with jihadists in the southern city of Taez , medics said .
Fighting in the city 's Jahmaliah district came after the governor of Taez launched an operation against jihadists they suspected were behind the murder of an aid worker with the International Committee of the Red Cross over the weekend .
The Lebanese aid worker , Hanna Lahoud , was shot dead in Taez on Saturday by unidentified assailants who sprayed their ICRC vehicle with bullets .
Jahmaliah is controlled by pro-government forces but there is a jihadist presence in the area , a police officer said .
Yemen 's conflict has sparked what the United Nations has called the world 's worst humanitarian crisis .
One trail camera , seven species of Idaho wildlife - from moose to wolf
Idaho Fish and Game placed a trail camera in the mountains of North Idaho . In one month , the camera captured images of seven species , including wolf , moose , black bear and grizzly bear .
New York City mayor : Explosion in subway was 'attempted terrorist attack '
hello
Police respond to a report of an explosion Monday near Times Square in New York . Associated Press
Authorities said a low-tech device was detonated in the New York City subway in an incident that the mayor called `` an attempted terrorist attack . ''
A man suspected of setting off the explosion Monday morning in Midtown Manhattan was identified by authorities as Akayed Ullah . The blast , which occurred in the area of the Port Authority Bus Terminal , at 42nd St. and 8th Ave. , resulted in serious injuries to the suspect and minor injuries to at least three others , authorities said during a morning news conference .
Ullah sustained burns and lacerations to their hands and abdomen , authorities said . Police said they were taken to Bellevue Hospital for treatment and then taken into custody . Three other people also suffered minor injuries caused by being in the vicinity of the explosion , including ringing in the ears and headaches , police said .
`` When we hear of an attack in the subways , it 's incredibly unsettling , '' New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters . `` And let 's also be clear , this was an attempted terrorist attack . Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals . ''
New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo , D , described the bomb as `` an effectively low-tech device '' and said they were grateful the only injuries were minor .
The blast took place in an underground passageway at the Port Authority subway station , at 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues , authorities said . The suspect was walking eastbound in the passageway at the time , during what would have been peak morning commute hours .
`` The first news this morning was obviously very frightening and disturbing , '' Cuomo said . `` When you hear about a bomb in the subway station , it is in many ways one of our worst nightmares . The reality turns out to be better than the initial expectation and fear . ''
The NYPD is investigating the explosion as a possible terrorism incident , according to law enforcement officials .
The suspect was carrying a homemade explosive device that appeared to be a pipe bomb of some kind , officials said . Investigators are trying to determine if the device may have detonated prematurely , or partially , when it exploded inside a subway station at 8th Avenue and 42nd street , officials said . The suspect , who was injured in the explosion but was expected to survive , was described as an immigrant from Bangladesh , officials said .
On MSNBC , former New York Police Department Commissioner Bill Bratton said the suspect is in their mid-20s , is possibly from Bangladesh and `` was supposedly setting the device off in the name of ISIS , '' according to preliminary information from their police sources . ISIS is another name for the Islamic State , an extremist group that has urged its followers to wage attacks around the world .
`` So , definitely a terrorist attack . Definitely intended , '' Bratton told the news network . `` As to whether the device malfunctioned or did n't function correctly , that will have to be determined . ''
Bratton said the explosion took place in one of the passageways at the Port Authority subway station , although was not certain which one . Even the passageways would have been very crowded at that time in the morning , they added .
New Yorkers should expect to see increased police presence at all transportation hubs around the city immediately , they said .
Bratton , who served two terms as the NYPD commissioner ( one in the mid-1990s and the other from 2014 to 2016 ) , said law enforcement officials for years have anticipated additional and more frequent attacks . A September 2016 bombing that injured 29 people in the Chelsea neighborhood in Manhattan took place on Bratton 's last day of their second term .
`` The pace is quickening , as we have been indicating that it would , '' they told MSNBC . `` New York continues to remain the focus of interest . … That is something that we can anticipate . These attacks are going to increase . That 's the reality . ''
The explosion Monday came just weeks after a man driving a truck plowed through pedestrians and bicyclists on a path along the west side of Manhattan , killing eight people and wounding a dozen others . That driver , who survived , was taken into custody and told authorities that they carried out the attack in the name of the Islamic State .
The Port Authority Bus Terminal , which bills itself as the world 's busiest bus terminal , is not far from Times Square . The incident occurred in the subway , a police spokesperson said .
Details on how the suspect was apprehended were not immediately available , but the Port Authority Police Benevolent Association , a union representing Port Authority police officers , said on Twitter that the department 's officers took down the suspect at gunpoint .
NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill told reporters during the news conference that the attempted attack was captured on transit system surveillance video , which investigators were studying . They did not answer questions about the suspect 's background , citing the ongoing investigation .
According to the police , three subway lines -- the A , C and E -- were evacuated as a result of the blast . All subway trains were bypassing the Port Authority and Times Square stations , officials said .
President Donald Trump was briefed on the incident Monday , according to the White House , and New York Mayor de Blasio , D , was briefed as well , their office reported .
Will misconduct scandals make men wary of women at work ?
hello
Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg is photographed at the company 's headquarters in Menlo Park , Calif . Some women , and men , worry that the same climate that 's emboldening women to speak up about harassment could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues . Sandberg recently wrote that they hoped the outcry over misconduct does n't `` have the unintended consequence of holding women back . '' Associated Press/February 2015
NEW YORK -- Some women , and men , worry the same climate that 's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues .
Forget private meetings and get-to-know-you dinners . Beware of banter . Think twice before a high-ranking man mentors a young female staffer .
`` I have already heard the rumblings of a backlash : 'This is why you should n't hire women , ' '' Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a recent post .
`` So much good is happening to fix workplaces right now . Let 's make sure it does not have the unintended consequence of holding women back , '' said Sandberg , author of the working women 's manifesto `` Lean In . ''
Beba 's mother , Ana Quincoces , sits at a friend 's dining room table in Ft. Lauderdale , Fla. Quincoces , a Miami-based attorney and entrepreneur who owns their own food line , says their business and its success involves working mostly with men , and sales and other activities are often concluded over lunch or drinks . Those opportunities , they say , are dwindling , because many of the men they know through their business `` are terrified . '' Some men see a simple strategy for stemming sexual harassment at work : Just avoid one-on-one interactions with women . - Associated Press
Ana Quincoces , a Miami-based attorney and entrepreneur who owns their own food line , says their business and its success involves working mostly with men , and sales and other activities are often concluded over lunch or drinks . Those opportunities , they say , are dwindling , because many of the men they know through their business `` are terrified . ''
`` There 's a feeling of this wall that was n't there that is suddenly up because they do n't know what 's appropriate anymore - it 's disconcerting , '' Quincoces said . `` I feel that they 're more careful , more formal in their relationships with co-workers . And I ca n't say I blame them , because what 's happened is pervasive . Every day there 's a new accusation . ''
They said many of the men they know are now avoiding one-on-one social occasions that were normal in the past .
`` This is going to trickle down into all industries . ... It 's going to become the new normal , '' Quincoces said . `` It 's a good thing because women are not afraid anymore , but on the other side , it 's a slippery slope . ''
Americans were already edgy about male-female encounters at work : A New York Times/Morning Consult poll of 5,300 men and women last spring found almost two-thirds thought workers should be extra careful around opposite-sex colleagues , and around a quarter thought private work meetings between men and women were inappropriate .
But in a season of outcry over sexual misconduct , some men are suddenly wondering whether they can compliment a female colleague or ask about their weekend . Even a now-former female adviser to the head of Pennsylvania 's Democratic Party suggested on Facebook that men would stop talking to women altogether because of what they portrayed as overblown sexual misconduct claims .
Certain managers are considering whether to make sure they 're never alone with a staffer , despite the complications of adding a third person in situations like performance reviews , says Philippe Weiss , who runs the Chicago-based consultancy Seyfarth Shaw at Work .
Philadelphia employment lawyer Jonathan Segal says some men are declaring they 'll just shut people out of their offices , rather than risk exchanges that could be misconstrued .
`` The avoidance issue is my biggest concern , because the marginalization of women in the business world is at least as big a problem as harassment , '' Segal says . A recent report involving 222 North American companies found the percentage of women drops from 47 percent at the entry level to 20 percent in the C suite .
Vice President Mike Pence has long said they do n't have one-on-one meals with any woman except their wife , as part of prioritizing their marriage . - Associated Press/September 2017
Vice President Mike Pence has long said they do n't have one-on-one meals with any woman except their wife and wants them by their side anywhere alcohol is served , as part of the couple 's commitment to prioritizing their marriage . The guidelines have `` been a blessing to us , '' the Republican told Christian Broadcasting Network News in an interview this month .
Employment attorneys caution that it can be problematic to curb interactions with workers because of their gender , if the practice curtails their professional opportunities . W. Brad Johnson , a co-author of a book encouraging male mentors for women , says limiting contact sends a troubling message .
`` If I were unwilling to have an individual conversation with you because of your gender , I 'm communicating 'you 're unreliable ; you 're a risk , ' '' says Johnson , a U.S . Naval Academy psychology professor .
Jessica Proud , a communications professional and Republican political consultant in New York City , said it would be wrong if this national `` day of reckoning '' over sexual misconduct resulted in some men deciding not to hire , mentor or work with women . They recalled a campaign they worked on where they were told they could n't travel with the candidate because of how it might look .
`` I 'm a professional , he 's a professional . Why should my career experience be limited ? '' they said . `` That 's just as insulting in a lot of ways . ''
This story is about Published 1h
Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott on laying low : 'You learn from your mistakes . If you do n't , it can be brutal ' Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Tony Gutierrez/AP Dallas Cowboys ' Jeff Heath ( 38 ) attempts to strip the ball from running back Ezekiel Elliott as they run drills during an NFL football practice at the team 's training facility , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , in Frisco , Texas . ( AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez )
By Kate Hairopoulos , Staff Writer Contact Kate Hairopoulos on Twitter : @ khairopoulos
FRISCO -- Ezekiel Elliott earned the NFL rushing crown in their first year with the Cowboys , but off-the-field issues also accompanied the blockbuster success . With Dallas ' offseason program ending Thursday , Elliott said they have purposefully tried to avoid the scrutiny that always follows him . `` Just kind of want to stay out the way , '' Elliott said Wednesday after minicamp practice . `` Whatever you do is going to be seen . That 's what I 've been doing for the past six weeks . '' What went into Elliott making that decision ?
Ezekiel Elliott explains why he 's not concerned about changes to Cowboys ' O-line
`` It 's just life , '' they said . `` You learn from your mistakes . If you do n't , it can be brutal . '' Elliott allowed that the scrutiny is even more intense than they expected when they began playing for the Cowboys . Early in the offseason , they came under fire when cameras caught them pulling down a woman 's top at Dallas ' St Paddy 's Day block party in Lower Greenville . The NFL continues to investigate whether they violated its personal conduct policy after a woman alleged assault , though phone records were recently turned over that could signal a resolution is coming to the almost year-long investigation . Elliott was a passenger in a vehicle that was involved in a car accident that caused them to miss the first week of organized team activities .
Elliott said that they realize their career is finite .
Why you should expect NFL investigation into Ezekiel Elliott to wrap up before season starts
`` Definitely this game we play is brutal , especially at my position , '' they said . `` You got guys like [ Jason Witten ] and [ Darren McFadden ] who can play forever , but you never know when your time is going to be . So , you have to take advantage of what you have and right now . `` We 're in a great situation to do some great things . I 've got to do everything I can to maximize these moments . '' Running backs coach Gary Brown said he 's seen a change in Elliott , evidenced by their work in the running backs room , the questions he 's asking and their approach on the field . `` He 's slowed down a little bit , '' Brown said . `` He understands the opportunity that is before him . ... I 've seen them get more into their craft . ''
Follow The Fam In The Morning : Follow @ TheFamITM
Get your daily dose of The Fam Vitamin from DJ Quicksilva around 9:50am on The Fam In The Morning .
Sign Up For Our Newsletter !
Close Thank you for subscribing ! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription .
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Which Plants to Save
We 're still weeks away from the first killing frost of fall , but already people are asking how they should overwinter their plants . It 's an interesting list that they bring to the discussions , ranging from begonias to moss rose , geraniums to purple fountaingrass . I 'll give you my thought processes . Maybe I can help you make your decisions .
Plants that I save…
• Those that have emotional importance to me . Like my mother 's angel wing begonia , or the ponytail “ palm ” we 've had in our family for 45 years . Or the sansevierias that decorated our son 's and daughter-in-law 's wedding reception .
• Plants that are difficult to find and replace . Like a couple of types of cutting-grown coleus that I 've grown almost all of my life . Growers have moved on to other varieties , but I still want the old ones . Or my prized red-edged peperomia that I 've never seen in nurseries since I bought it 25 years ago .
• Plants that are too expensive to pitch out each year . My collection of bromeliads . I have about 200 types of spreading Neoregelias . I use them for annual color in a bed along our driveway . I found that armadillos leave them alone . And my big crotons . They 're as tall as I am . I have the luxury of a large hobby greenhouse . They go into the greenhouse before the first freeze .
Plants that I do n't save…
• Quick and inexpensive annuals . Hybrid purslane comes first to mind . It 's not worth the space it takes up in my greenhouse and I surely would n't want it on a windowsill indoors . I 'll just buy more next spring . Or periwinkles or marigolds . I do n't even try to save purple fountaingrass . It 's not winter-hardy in the northern half of Texas and the plants are a bit costly , but it 's just easier to buy healthy , vigorous new plants each spring .
• Those that are n't going to be happy with the conditions I have for them . That would include plants that ca n't handle the reduced lighting I have inside our house , and it would also include plants that are n't satisfied with the cool ( 54F ) temperatures at which I keep my greenhouse on cold winter nights .
• Plants that are prone to insect pests when I bring them indoors . Whiteflies love tropical hibiscus , and mealybugs cover mandevillas ( also my beloved cutting-grown coleus ) . If I choose to overwinter any of those plants , I know going in that I 'm going to have to be on the lookout .
Continued Below
Advertisement
Cuttings may be your solution…
If you 're short on space , or if your prized plants are growing in the ground , cuttings may be your best means of saving them over the winter . This is the time to take the cuttings , get them rooted and potted and ready to bring indoors for the winter . Mind you , each type of plant is handled differently . This is information I have on my website about rooting cuttings in general , but I encourage you to do a little research on each specific plant you want to propagate to pick up on the fine-tunings .
Posted by Neil Sperry
In April of 2013 , Ford and General Motors announced they would be working together on developing new nine and ten-speed automatic transmissions . The nine-speed automatic would be for front-wheel drive models , while rear-drive models got the ten-speed . Already , a number of Ford and GM vehicles are using the ten-speed . But GM will be the only one using the nine-speed .
Automotive News reports that Ford is electing to use a new series of eight-speed automatic transmission on their vehicles . The company said the new nine-speed did n't provide enough of an improvement in fuel economy to justify the added cost and weight . According to a source , Ford made this decision before GM began to use this transmission on their production models .
`` Typically , if anyone gave me a transmission that did n't require much work , outside of tuning it for a specific vehicle , I would take it and run . It 's a lot of design work after the fact to come up with their own flavor . It shows there might be some different schools of thought in terms of transmission efficiency , '' said Dave Sullivan , an analyst with AutoPacific Inc .
While GM claims the nine-speed brings “ smoother shifts ” and a better driving experience , it has n't brought any real gains to fuel economy . The 2017 Chevrolet Malibu 2.0T only saw an increase of one mpg on the highway when compared to the 2016 model with a six-speed automatic ( 33 vs. 32 ) . The 2019 Buick Envision 2.0T saw its highway fuel economy drop by one when equipped with the nine-speed auto ( 25 vs. 26 ) .
It should be noted that one of the eight-speed transmissions Ford is using is based on the new nine-speed , minus a gear .
Source : Automotive News ( Subscription Required )
NEAR WEST PALM BEACH , Fla. ( WSVN ) – A horse had to be rescued when it got stuck in the mud , near West Palm Beach .
Firefighters worked to relieve the 25-year-old horse , named Skip . They managed to get stuck in the mud up to their belly , early Monday morning .
A veterinarian was able to get to the scene and sedate them while rescuers used hand tools and a pulley system to get them out .
Skip was later evaluated by the vet and is OK .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa 's historic youth team of 2002 emphatically defeated Wayne Rooney 's Everton over two legs to claim the FA Youth Cup .
Several of that team went on to play for Villa 's first team , but none managed to become permanent claret and blue stars .
From a taxi boss to a Royal Marine , this team have gone in a variety of directions .
Wayne Henderson
The Irish goalkeeper retired from football in 2011 due to a spinal injury and now works as an agent . They are the husband of 2010 Apprentice contestant Liz Locke .
Andrew Wells
We could n't track down the Andrew Wells who played at right-back for Villa 's youth team , but there is someone who goes by that name in the hit TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer…
Peter Whittingham
Set-piece expert Whittingham has enjoyed a very good career since leaving Villa , namely with Cardiff City , where they have a long stint , and then Blackburn Rovers .
James O'Connor
The defender has played for a long list of clubs . Their longest spell was at Doncaster Rovers . They have also turned out for Port Vale , Bournemouth , Derby , Bristol City , Walsall and Kidderminster Harriers .
Liam Ridgewell
Ridgewell met President Barack Obama after leading Portland Timbers to the 2015 MLS title . After leaving Villa they played for local rivals Birmingham City and West Bromwich Albion .
Steven Foley-Sheridan
The Irishman 's career never really got going . They made a handful of appearances for Bournemouth before retiring in 2008 .
Peter Hynes
Another Irishman , they made a career in their homeland . Hynes spent time with Derry City , Limerick , Drogheda United and Longford Town , whom they left in 2014 .
Steven Davis
Arguably the most successful of any of Villa 's youngsters from the class of 2002 , the Northern Ireland international midfielder became a Premier League stalwart with Southampton after moving to Fulham for first team football .
Colin Marshall
The midfielder was something of a journeyman in their native Scotland before living the dream playing for Amicale in Vanuatu , a Pacific Island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean .
Luke Moore
One half of Villa 's once-prodigious sibling strikeforce , Luke plied their trade in the Premier League for a number of years with Villa , West Brom and Swansea .
Following a brief spell in Turkey , Luke landed in MLS with Chivas before heading to Canada with Toronto .
Stefan Moore
After leaving Villa , the striker had spells with Queens Park Rangers and Walsall before playing non league football with clubs including Kidderminster Harriers , Brackley Town , Corby Town and Leamington .
Moore has n't been involved in the full time game since 2008 .
They have worked in various industries and even created their own taxi firm and worked as a driver before selling it .
Read the report
Subs
Ryan Amoo
Amoo played for Northampton Town and Lincoln City and then started working alongside Villa legend Lee Hendrie coaching youngsters between the ages of 16 and 19 .
Michael Husbands
The midfielder dropped out of the professional game in 2008 before signing for local non-league side Redditch United in 2012 .
Husbands accepted a call-up to the St Lucia national team in 2012 and joined the Royal Marines .
They have spent time coaching the West Brom fans team , Boing FC .
By all accounts it is a historic budget . For two reasons : one , the first to fiscally incorporate federalism : and two , for its long-term vision- obviously driven by the fact that this is a government here to stay for five years .
One may even add a third reason – that it is drawn up in the context of a near-defunct NPC , which , in the past , was more oriented to foreign donors ' interest rather than the national political ideologies and manifestos of the dominant political parties and national macroeconomic realities on the ground .
One reads from the morning papers that the Chief Ministers of Provinces are unhappy with the budget arguing that it is not ‘ province-centric ' . One wonders what exactly they have in mind when their development capacity is yet untested and remains an unknown . I submit , the allocation of 33 % of the national budget to them is sound and smart ; and even smarter on the Finance Minster 's part for allocating Rs 195.05 billion to local governments compared to only Rs 113.43 billions to the federal bureaucracy .
During the Parliamentary debate on the President 's Address on the ensuing Budgetary Policies , it was argued by the Nepali Congress that the policy looked liked a kitcheri of aspirations lacking priorities and prioritization over programs . Clearly , with the allocation of Rs 1.09 trillion out of the total planned expenditure of Rs 1.31 trillion would suggest that priority is to the transport and energy infrastructure sectors .
The Budget targets GDP growth at 8 % for next year . It goes on to state that it seeks annual 10 % GDP in the next 5-6 years . This is highly doubtful . Our long term GDP growth stands at only 3.5-4.5 % . To get to a new long term sustained growth path of 5.5-6.5 % would call for massive structural reforms in the economy given the challenges posed by a growing debt to GDP ratio ; Balance of Trade and Balance of Payments of deficits ; huge need for Revenue ( expected growth this fiscal year is a whopping 33.7 % ) and crowding out the private sector 's demand for bank credit with government 's demand for more funds for itself .
Two features of the Budget surprised me most . They are the allocation of the largest sum to the PMO ( Rs 156.28 billion ) and the lack of in depth focus on the biggest challenge to the Budget—EXECUTION , which has been the Yeti or missing link of the entire Budget implementation process in Nepal , especially with the advent of the Republican era . Are we to now expect that the PMO system will turn all this around once for all ? Under PM Oli it is true that capital expenditure did ameliorate to close to 20 % of the planned expenditure . However , for the target GDP growth of 8 % to be achieved it would necessitate around 90 % of the planned capital expenditure be spent . No doubt , their brave recourse to the market mechanism by getting rid of cartels and syndicates will enhance efficiency and better allocation of resources as well adding to the state 's revenue by eradicating monopolies and oligopolies . This drive must be further extended to all sectors , other than transport and construction only towards safeguarding consumer welfare and maximizing ease of doing business that will increase private investment by leaps and bounds , especially by the MSMEs which contribute most to employment creation . Unfortunately , the Budget remains silent on the need to create a powerful Competition Authority .
Additionally , regarding execution one expected more from the Finance Minister on what reforms were to be expected on the core reasons for project delays – land acquisition , competitive tendering process and lack of projects with Ministries .
On second thought I should mention that given all that the Finance Minister had to say in the White Paper on waste and misappropriation of taxes , there was no mention of a national austerity drive . However , they must be applauded for their commitment to close down unproductive embassies ( e.g Spain , Austria , Canada )
One appreciate the balanced manner by which the Budget treats export promotion and import substitution . True they have reintroduced subsidies especially to boost the agricultural sector . There are undoubtedly huge dangers of them being misused . Perhaps the Finance Minister might have opted for indirect subsidies in preference for direct subsidies to avoid misuse by local politicians . Better still , they should have devalued the Nepali Rupee to the Indian both for their goal of self sufficiency in agriculture ; to protect industries and boost exports . However , they must be congratulated for modifying the Constituency Development Fund going directly to MPs with their version of the fund that will support local infrastructure .
The policy to support entrepreneurship development with up to Rs 700,000 loan with just 5 % interest should , hopefully , lead to mushrooming of Entrepreneurs ' Clubs amidst the Business Schools in Nepal . The practical educational worth of these colleges should be judged henceforth on how many such start ups it bagged ?
Finally , one can expect big business to not be enamoured too much by this Budget especially given the new income tax policy . Perhaps , the Finance Minister should have also levied the income tax on the agriculture sector . Small farmers and MSMEs , however , should welcome this budget for the priority it receives which include an attempt to create industrial hubs while supporting skill development by the educational sector .
Plenty of people are unhappy with the alignment of the teeth at the front of their mouth .
[ GLASGOW , 04/07/2018 ] – Looking at photos of themselves online , or looking in the mirror at home , they know that their smile would be improved by a straighter set of teeth . Available now in Glasgow at Park Orthodontics , Six Month Smiles is a method of greatly improving a person 's appearance by making relatively minor adjustments to their front teeth .
Six Month Smiles at Park Orthodontics : How it Works
Before having Six Month Smiles , the patient must first have a talk with the team at Park Orthodontics . The dentist at Park Orthodontics will assess the oral health of the patient and have a good look at their teeth . If Six Month Smiles is the right way to bring about the changes the patient wants , they 'll start wearing the appliance according to a careful treatment plan set out by Park Orthodontics .
Six Month Smiles uses transparent and tooth-coloured materials . This feature vastly reduces the visual impact it makes when the patient opens their mouth . It slowly applies pressure to the teeth over a short period , usually around six months , hence its name . Treatment time with Six Month Smiles at Park Orthodontics is short because it makes minor adjustments to a few teeth , rather than complex changes . The dentist at Park Orthodontics will always tell the patient how long treatment takes , before their time wearing Six Month Smiles begins .
Social Advantages
Six Month Smiles treatment at Park Orthodontics is set up according to meticulous measurements of the patient 's teeth . It 's a comfortable fit , and its low-key construction means it wo n't cause the kinds of potential embarrassment associated with other , more visible braces . Once the patient has stopped wearing Six Month Smiles , they 'll be given a retainer by the dentist at Park Orthodontics to wear while they sleep . This ensures their newly-repositioned teeth get used to their improved orientations .
Visual Benefits
Straighter teeth make for a more aesthetically pleasant smile . A better feeling about one 's self-image can result from an improvement in dental alignment . Teeth also do their jobs more easily when they 're brought into more effective positions . Plus , they 're easier for the patient to keep clean .
Visit http : //www.parkorthodontics.co.uk today .
OH MY GOODNESS…Why ? ? ? ? ….I have been laughing since i listened to this .. Meeeen former interim head of state Ernest Shonekan 's voice can break anything breakable…WHAT ! ! ! So what is the purpose of this Video ? Did it cost anything to make or was it recorded free ? Just asking !
Ramaleela , starring Dileep in the lead role , had hit the theatres on September 28 , 2017 as one among the four major Malayalam movie releases of the Pooja Season .
The highly anticipated film of Dileep , directed by debut film-maker Arun Gopi had opened on a positive note upon its release . The Dileep starrer fetched unanimously positive reviews with the film finally bagging the title of a perfect political thriller .
Ramaleela did get a dream run at the theatres with the movie overpowering all the other Malayalam movies , which released during the same time . Now , here is a major update regarding the movie . Rumours are abuzz that the Dileep starrer might soon be remade in Telugu .
Kalyan Ram Is Interested In A Remake ? If reports are to be believed , popular Telugu actor and producer Kalyan Ram has expressed their keen interest on remaking the film in Telugu . Reportedly , a special screening of the film was held for some of the friends of Kalyan Ram .
No Official Confirmations Meanwhile , there has n't been any official confirmation regarding the remake . Neither the makers of Ramaleela nor Kalyan Ram has made any official announcement regarding the same . If reports are to be believed , the project is only in the discussion stages .
Dileep Movies Getting Remade In Telugu Well , it is not for the first time that a Dileep starrer is getting a Telugu remake . In the past , Dileep 's Bodyguard was remade in Telugu with the same name and featured Venkatesh in the lead role . Now , the Telugu remake of Dileep 's Two Countries is gearing up to hit the theatres soon .
Ramaleela Box Office Ramaleela did get a sensational run at the box office . According to trade reports , the Dileep starrer went on to join the coveted 50-Crore club at the worldwide box office and emerged as one among the top grossing Malayalam movies of the year .
Ramaleela was produced by Tomichan Mulakupadam under the banner Mulakupadam films . The Dileep starrer also featured Prayaga Martin , Kalabhavan Shajon , Raadhika Sarathkumar , Siddique , Mukesh , Vijayaraghavan etc. , in important roles .
SOCIAL MEDIA The Week In Instagrams : 4-17-17 A trick-shot artist wins on tour , Easter celebrations , and # SB2K17 shenanigans
Start Slideshow
I 'm not exactly sure who coined FEAR as an acronym for “ false evidence appearing real , ” but it 's an apt description for some views of the current automotive finance market .
Some recent opinion articles suggest that the increase in today 's auto finance delinquency rates could herald a disastrous lending environment . But this is a very narrow view of what 's happening in the auto finance market today .
To put a fine point on it : If you only look at delinquency rates , you 'll miss the big picture . On the surface , there is no doubt that auto delinquencies are on the rise . But this does n't signal a pending disaster for the auto finance market .
Following the Great Recession , subprime lending in auto finance nearly disappeared . Now , auto lending , like other consumer finance markets , has returned to “ normal ” as consumers have returned to the auto market . A rise in delinquencies is to be expected . Bloomberg News
Let 's talk about what really matters . Following the Great Recession , subprime lending in not just auto finance nearly disappeared . Now , auto lending like other consumer finance markets has returned to “ normal. ” In other words , subprime lending , along with lending to all risk tiers , has grown over the last several years as consumers have returned to the auto market . With loan volume expanding , of course , there will be a rise in delinquent payments . It 's to be expected .
Why ? The rise in delinquent payments is simply a natural outcome of the current market conditions .
After the trough of the recession in 2009 , lenders had little funding to lend . So they focused on originating loans to prime borrowers . As the market stabilized and returned to normal lending standards , we started to see dramatic increases in year-over-year subprime lending . Therefore , it 's normal to see delinquencies in the consumer market grow as lenders maintain a certain risk tolerance .
Let 's also better understand where we are with delinquency rates . Delinquencies as a percentage of auto loans are actually low when compared with the crisis period . At the end of 2016 , the auto default rate was 1.03 % – down from 1.04 % in 2015 , according to The S & P/Experian consumer credit default indices . Going back to 2009 , during the Great Recession , the auto loan default rate was 2.67 % – marking the third-highest reading ever recorded by S & P and Experian going back 10 years .
If you 're still concerned with delinquency rates in the auto finance market , consider how the market is responding . Recently , lenders have noticed the increase in delinquent payments and taken corrective action by reducing their overall share of subprime and deep-subprime loans . With lenders pulling back on subprime originations , the average credit score has increased for both new and used vehicle loans .
All things considered , the auto finance market is very strong . Yes , there is an increase in delinquent payments , but the market 's logical response has been to pull back on subprime originations . We do n't see an inordinate amount of exposure within subprime originations , as lenders typically have around 14 % of what they originate in subprime — and currently we are at 12 % .
iPhone 8 rumors : New evidence points to wireless charging and waterproof specs really happening
Rumors are already swirling about the “ revolutionary ” 2017 iPhone . Here 's all the latest .
Poor iPhone 7—we 're only halfway through its first year and it 's already totally overshadowed by whatever is coming next . After all , 2017 marks the iPhone 's 10th birthday , so Apple is reportedly gearing up to make its anniversary edition extra special .
We 'll keep track of the latest rumors and how plausible they are , and we 'll put them in one spot ( this one ! ) so you can pop on over whenever you want to read the latest .
If you passed on the iPhone 7 to wait for the iPhone 8—or the iPhone 7s or whatever name Apple decides to use—it sounds like the next phone could be the design refresh you were waiting for . Just do n't expect the headphone jack to return .
What 's the latest ?
The rumor : The iPhone 8 will feature both waterproof capabilities and wireless charging , according to a new report in Nikkei Asian Review . The information comes from Wistron , one of Apple 's assembly companies , which told shareholders on Wednesday that the new features will “ alter the assembly process a bit. ” Apple made last year 's iPhone 7 the first to be considered water-resistant , and we 've heard previously that Apple is seriously considering wireless charging . It 's unclear , though , whether the all new 2017 iPhone will sport these new capabilities .
Plausible ? It makes sense that Apple would want to take the iPhone 8 one step further in terms of water-resistance , so making it technically waterproof is the next logical step . Apple is notoriously cautious in designating its products waterproof or even water-resistant , though , so we 'll see if the company makes this claim in the upcoming iPhones .
As for wireless charging , all things point to this actually happening . Apple joined the Wireless Power Consortium last year , and previous rumors have even indicated that all new iPhone models being released this year will feature wireless charging . So if you 're going to bet on an all-new feature , wireless charging is as close to a safe bet as we 'll get before launch date .
Facial recognition instead of Touch ID ?
The rumor : Apple first tried to integrate a fingerprint sensor in the iPhone 8 's virtual Home button , but it was n't working out . So , according to a “ FoxconnInsider ” on Reddit , Apple is now considering using facial recognition instead of Touch ID to unlock the device . The source , who posted on a Reddit AMA , also called rumors of moving the fingerprint sensor to the back of the device “ misinformation . ”
Plausible ? Can Reddit be a reliable source ? In most cases , we 'd venture to say no . However , the source of this Reddit AMA was apparently verified by the moderators of the /apple subreddit . Plus , 9to5Mac points out that FoxconnInsider has been a reliable source of information from Apple 's supply chain before . Overall , it sounds like Apple is adamant about not moving the fingerprint sensor to the back of the device , so expect a new solution , whether that 's facial recognition , fingerprint sensor working properly via the Home button or a combination of both technologies .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Next Page
Michael Gudzer : The new pattern will be shared and explained in detail to all stakeholders and pupils .
Michael Gudzer : The new pattern will be shared and explained in detail to all stakeholders and pupils . Image Credit : Supplied
Dubai : India 's Central Board of Secondary Education 's decision to change its exam pattern for grades 6 to 10 will pose new challenges for schools and put more stress on students in the UAE . However , the new system will , in the long run , prepare the students better in handling the pressure of exams in senior classes , educators said on Monday .
There are 65 CBSE-affiliated schools in the UAE and they have to follow the new assessment pattern from the next academic year beginning April . The new system has abolished the formative and summative exam pattern followed in the current system of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation ( CCE ) .
Students now have to take annual exams covering the entire portion for all subjects . Though there are internal assessments including periodic tests , notebook submission and enrichment activities , their marks will be limited to 20 whereas 80 per cent weightage will be for the end of the year written exam .
A maths teacher said students currently study for three months and forget that after their FA exams .
“ They do not revisit the concept . In the new system , the students will understand the complete concept when they revisit the early concepts , especially in progressive subjects like Maths .
If the students study systematically , the amount of portion will not be a problem , they said . “ Since they have already learnt it , it wo n't take much time for them to revise it . Also , when they come to grade 11 , the full portion is being tested .
With the new pattern , they will get used to that system from smaller classes , ” they said .
Since students used to score high in the current system , it will be a challenge for schools to meet the benchmark of 75 per cent students scoring above 71 per cent marks in order to be rated [ by Knowledge and Human Development Authority ] as outstanding in attainment , according to Ashok Kumar , CEO of The Indian High School .
“ Schools will have to make adequate provision in curriculum to enhance the skills like “ collaborative problem-solving ” , one of the components of the PISA test for all 15 year old ( grade 10 ) students and reasoning skills for TIMSS for grade 4 and 8 students in Dubai , ” Kumar said .
Rashmi Nandkeolyar , principal of Delhi Private School , Dubai , noted that the CCE system failed because quality control was difficult in the “ big CBSE family ” .
“ In Dubai , we will not forego formative assessment and best practices such as unit tests . Instead , we intend to integrate it into a new system . For grade 10 , there will be more academic pressure . But we are confident that students will be able to handle it because we insist on deep learning of concepts . For other grades , we intend to only the tweak the current system a little to ensure that students are well prepared for the cumulative exams . ”
The revised assessment pattern is a welcome change , said Michael Guzder , vice-president , Indian Schools with GEMS Education , and executive principal of The Millennium School .
“ The principals of all GEMS schools following the CBSE curriculum have met and put together a plan of action which will ensure a smooth transition from the CCE pattern to the end of year examination pattern . Schools have been amply supported by the Board in the past and we are sure we will receive support through timely updates on the new assessment pattern . ”
“ The new pattern will be shared and explained in detail to all stakeholders and pupils . Practice will definitely make them perfect as the new assessment pattern will require pupils to be systematic and work hard with their academics , '' said Gudzer .
Teachers will be trained on how to translate the new requirement in teaching and learning without compromising on the personalised learning and differentiated instruction . Schools will ensure that the written examination will have a balance between content assessment and understanding and application of skills , ” Gudzer added .
Sheena Beas , an English teacher and mother of two , too felt there will be more pressure on the children for concentrating on the content . However , they welcomed the move .
“ As a parent and a teacher , I welcome the change because I have always felt that the purpose of the whole exercise [ CCE ] was not fulfilled . The tasks many a time are not very challenging for students . Now they can concentrate more on the final exams for better grades and better understanding of the subject . ”
Parents like Anu Cherish are however concerned about the new system putting more pressure on children .
“ The lifestyle of the society , especially in the case of the expat children , is different from what we had in our childhood . They do n't get plenty of time like we did . I think it is going to be difficult for them to study the entire portion for the annual exam . ”
TIPP CITY — A Troy man arrested in Tipp City last week and charged with drug possession and trafficking will appear in court next week .
Roberts was arraigned on Monday and is scheduled to appear in court for a preliminary hearing Feb. 8 . They are facing a felony charge of drug trafficking , two felony charges of possession of drugs , possession of drug paraphernalia , open container , driving in violation of license restriction and failure to reinstate license .
According to the Tipp City Police Department , Darrell K. Roberts II , was in possession of several grams of suspected methamphetamine , hydroponic marijuana and hydrocodone tablets when they were arrested on Jan. 28 .
The police report said that the drugs were found in a blue plastic box with the scale and extra bags in a manner “ consistent with drugs prepared for sale . ”
Police also located a glass meth or cocaine pipe , a digital scale and empty plastic bags , two cell phones , a knife , a sawed off shotgun and a half empty bottle of vodka . Roberts told police that the pipe was his , but everything else in the vehicle was not . They said the vehicle belonged to a friend .
Roberts was stopped on southbound Interstate 75 Sunday night because an officer noticed their vehicle drifting between lanes .
Roberts told police they did not have a license . The report stated that Roberts had four active suspensions and five active failures to reinstate license .
Roberts remains in custody at the Miami County Jail .
The Latest : 38 of 39 Istanbul nightclub victims identified
hello
Family members and friends mourn as they attend funeral prayers for Ayhan Akin , one of the nightclub victims , in Istanbul , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . An assailant believed to have been dressed in a Santa Claus costume and armed with a long-barrelled weapon , opened fire at a nightclub in Istanbul 's Ortakoy district during New Year 's celebrations , killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province 's governor described as a terror attack . Associated Press
Family members of victims of an overnight attack at a nightclub , cry outside the Forensic Medical Center in Istanbul , Jan. 1 , 2017 . An assailant armed with a long-barrelled weapon , opened fire at a nightclub in Istanbul 's Ortakoy district during New Year 's celebrations , killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province 's governor described as a terror attack . ( Suleyman Kaya/DHA - Depo Photos via AP ) Associated Press
Sisters of Elias Wardini , a Lebanese man who was killed in the overnight Istanbul attack , mourn at their house , In Beirut , Lebanon , Sunday Jan. 1 , 2017 . Charbel Wardini told The Associated Press on Sunday that their brother , Elias , was among those who died in the attack at the crowded nightclub during New Year 's celebrations , that killed at least 39 people . Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency said seven Lebanese were wounded in the attack . Associated Press
Turkey 's Prime Minister Binali Yildirim , right , speaks with a man in hospital in Istanbul , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 , who was wounded during an attack on a nightclub . An assailant armed with a long-barrelled weapon , opened fire at a nightclub in Istanbul 's Ortakoy district during New Year 's celebrations , killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province 's governor described as a terror attack . ( Prime Minister 's Press Service , Pool photo via AP ) Associated Press
Flowers of the victims of the attack are placed outside a nightclub , which was attacked by a gunman overnight , in Istanbul , on New Year 's Day , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . An assailant believed to have been dressed in a Santa Claus costume and armed with a long-barrelled weapon , opened fire at the nightclub in Istanbul 's Ortakoy district during New Year 's celebrations , killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province 's governor described as a terror attack . Associated Press
Family members of victims of an overnight attack at a nightclub , cry outside the Forensic Medical Center in Istanbul , Jan. 1 , 2017 . An assailant armed with a long-barrelled weapon , opened fire at a nightclub in Istanbul 's Ortakoy district during New Year 's celebrations , killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province 's governor described as a terror attack . ( Suleyman Kaya/DHA - Depo Photos via AP ) Associated Press
This image taken from CCTV provided by Haberturk Newspaper Sunday Jan. 1 , 2017 shows the attacker , armed with a long-barrelled weapon , shooting their way into the Reina nightclub in Istanbul , Turkey on Sunday morning . The assailant opened fire at the nightclub in Istanbul 's Ortakoy district during New Year 's celebrations , killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province 's governor described as a terror attack . ( CCTV/Haberturk Newspaper via AP ) Associated Press
ISTANBUL -- The Latest on the Istanbul nightclub attack ( all times local ) :
12:20 p.m .
Turkey 's state news agency says 38 of the 39 victims of the New Year 's attack on an Istanbul nightclub have been identified .
The Anadolu news agency , citing unidentified Turkish justice ministry officials , says 11 those killed by a gunman who escaped were Turkish nationals and one was a Turkish-Belgium dual citizen .
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia ; three were from Lebanon and Iraq each ; two nationals were from Tunisia , India , Morocco and Jordan each . Kuwait , Canada , Israel , Syria and Russia each lost one citizen .
Sixty-nine people were also wounded . Anadolu says one victim remains unidentified .
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to take the bodies of the deceased .
Turkish officials have n't released the names of those identified .
___
12 p.m .
Turkey 's state-run news agency says more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations , a day after a deadly attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year 's celebrations claimed by the group .
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff 's office , Anadolu Agency said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab , killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures .
Anadolu added that Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak , eight kilometers ( five miles ) to the southwest of Al Bab .
Turkey sent troops into neighboring northern Syria in August to clear a border area of IS militants and curb territorial advances by Syrian Kurdish forces .
___
11:45 a.m .
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the Istanbul shooting that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others .
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the New Year 's attack was carried by a `` heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast . ''
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in `` revenge for God 's religion and in response to the orders '' of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi .
The group described Turkey as `` the servant of the cross . ''
___
10:10 a.m .
Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year 's celebrations .
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan .
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks .
The gunman , who is still at large , killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before firing at people partying inside .
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners , many from the Middle East .
Co-cabinet spokesperson Minister Rajitha Senaratne yesterday revealed that 1250 employees had been recruited to Sri Lankan Airlines during the past two and a half years without the knowledge of the Minister in charge .
Issues within the national carrier have further exacerbated in recent times with the airline continuing to face losses accumulating to Rs 22 billion .
Cabinet which discussed the dismal failure of the airline had the President deciding to summon the director board of SriLankan Airlines at the next Cabinet meeting to discuss problems within SriLankan .
“ I will also be attending this meeting , the President said any minister interested could come for it ” , Senaratne said .
“ Minister Kabir Hashim said that they were not aware of what was happening within the airline and that none of their directives have been implemented . We can not have governments within governments ” , the Health Minister said .
They also alleged that many of the appointees at the top were those appointed by former Defence Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa and that they were still running things within the national carrier . In 2015 , the government appointed Ajith Dias as the Chairman of SriLankan Airlines , replacing Nishantha Wickramasinghe ; brother-in-law of Kurunegala MP Mahinda Rajapaksa . The very same year they also appoint Captain Suren Ratwatte as its CEO .
( Source : Daily News – Zahrah Imtiyaz )
President Muhammadu Buhari has restated their resolve not to devalue the naira or increase the price of fuel .
They made this known in Abuja on Friday night , during the 2016 regimental dinner organized by the presidential brigade of guards .
Buhari also suggested that their refusal to devalue the naira and increase fuel price during their time as Military Head of State in 1984-1985 , led to their overthrow .
“ I have resisted the devaluation of the naira , increase of the petroleum products , among others , ” they told the soldiers and officers .
“ When I was military head of state , I rejected similar advice by the IMF and World Bank to devalue the naira .
“ I refused and gave my reasons and the next thing I knew I was removed and detained for three and half years .
“ As a civilian president , I will do my best and I 'm telling you all these because you are part of the leadership of this great country and God willing we will remain great . ”
When Buhari assumed office in May 2015 , the exchange rate was N197/ $ 1 . It currently stands at over N300 to $ 1 officially and N495/ $ 1 in the black market .
http : //dailypost.ng/2016/12/31/overthrown-1984-devaluing-naira-buhari/
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced ? Optional : help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help ! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback . What do you think ? I ‘ ll use it in the future
I don ‘ t think I ‘ ll use it Please tell us why ( optional ) Send Feedback
The sheets of rock start to slide into the pit , 300m deep , before the thunderous sound of the dynamite has even reached the gold mine 's rim . It escapes and reverberates around the Siberian hills .
At first glance , the Olimpiada gold mine deep in central Russia looks much like any other pit . But technological innovations deployed at the site by Polyus , the mine 's owner and the country 's largest gold producer , have put it at the forefront of a revolution picking up speed in Russian industry .
Remote-controlled machines using high-precision drills placed the 92 tonnes of explosives which turned 112,000 cubic metres of solid rock into rubble . In the near future , self-driving trucks will cart the ore to the nearby processing centre . And computer-controlled vats calculate the levels of chemicals and bacteria needed to purify the crushed rock into gleaming gold bars .
All this helps the site to produce around 100kg of gold every day — an increase in production of 36 per cent over the past year . This has helped to push up profit so far in 2017 by 10 per cent year-on-year .
“ We see through automation and various IT solutions that there is big room for improvement , ” says Pavel Grachev , Polyus ' chief executive , in their Moscow office , 2,000 miles west of Olimpiada .
But Polyus ' innovation embraces more than heavy machinery : employees are offered financial rewards for proposing ideas to disrupt processes and increase efficiency . “ It is not just about investing in equipment and technology , but in people that are able to revamp and optimise processes . . . It 's a mentality . . . From now on this has to be part of the company culture . ”
Self-driving trucks will soon transform the mining process at Olimpiada © Henry Foy/FT
Deep in the Russian hinterland and accessible only by unpaved roads , Olimpiada is one of Russia 's largest gold mines , with proven reserves of at least 30m ounces of gold , equivalent to around $ 40bn at current prices . Polyus has targeted the site as the proving ground for some of its deepest technological advances . A glass-walled control room perched over the main pit — deep enough to bury the Eiffel Tower in — is filled with computers to control the machines working below , which could soon mean no human beings will be needed to descend its grey , rubble-strewn slopes .
“ Operations that used to involve manual labour are now done with machines , ” says Evgeniy Kochupovsky , the mine 's automation chief . Drilling equipment is now precise to 30cm , from 3m-4m previously . “ Today , one system unites 210 pieces of mining equipment fitted with sensors , ” they say , as dust and debris from the last explosion drift past the window .
Polyus ' advances at Olimpiada since Mr Grachev 's appointment as chief executive four years ago have come amid rapid technological change in Russia 's vast mining , metals and industrial sectors , which employ just 3 industrial robots for every 100,000 workers , compared to the global average of 69 , according to the International Federation of Robotics .
Polyus Gold International is the largest gold producer in Russia and one of the top 10 gold miners globally © Ilya Naymushin/Reuters
Many Russian companies are seeking to use digital tools and automation to drag Soviet-era machinery and processes into the 21st century , spurred by rising competition from other producers such as China and western nations and by higher quality demands from global customers .
“ I do n't think they have had the pressure in the past that they have now , but I think they have probably always realised there was something they ought to be doing on the technology , ” says Jason Burkitt , head of mining at consultants PwC in London . “ But now , when you have got such old technology , the decision to upgrade is easier . . . It is ripe for joining things up . ”
All the country 's largest industrial companies , from aluminium producers to coal miners , use factories or mines that were state-owned until the fall of the USSR , meaning many still employ assets that date back 40 years or more . Some Russian factories still use machines built by companies that no longer exist , underlining the challenge to modern-day owners seeking to keep pace with the rest of the world .
“ Commodities is a global market , ” says Mr Grachev . “ The efficiency culture has penetrated us . ”
At the Olimpiada production plant , grinders crush ore into dust © Henry Foy/FT
Inside the production plant at Olimpiada , a short drive from the pit , technology brought in under Mr Grachev 's leadership is even more obvious .
For half an hour , a series of vast rotating grinders , as large as buses , crush ore from car-tyre-sized lumps into dust ; the ore then passes into flotation tanks . In these , a “ smart eyes ” system rolled out earlier this year uses high-precision cameras to measure the frequency , size and colour of the bubbles produced by the chemical and biological reactants working on the ore solution .
Those data are then processed by computers and are used to inform a system that controls the heat and amount of substances fed into the tanks to strip the rock solution of impurities and non-gold parts .
“ The R & D journey here began 10 years ago with a bacterium , and now we 're getting 30 , 50 per cent more productivity out of our assets , ” says Roman Ashirov , head of Polyus ' research centre . A decade ago the centre developed a process using a special bacterium , instead of chemicals , to help purify the gold .
A melter casts an ingot of 92.96 percent pure gold at a procession plant of the Olimpiada gold operation © Ilya Naymushin/Reuters
Their team has produced 32 patents over the past decade , alongside 400 production process improvements that are deployed on-site . “ This is our know-how , this is home-made technology , ” they say .
More automation means fewer humans are needed , as Mr Grachev admits . The company is currently conducting a study to see which areas of the workforce will be most affected . But the company stresses that large-scale lay-offs are out of the question — remote-control trucks will still need operators , for example , but safely in the control room rather than at the bottom of the pit .
And while innovation is not cheap , it can help to give some miners such as Polyus an edge over rivals in the eyes of potential investors . “ It is not going to be cheap to go to the new digitised , automated , connected industry , ” adds Mr Burkitt . “ But certainly some of the bigger miners think they can distinguish themselves from others . It 's not just about having the best ore bodies and the largest scale , it 's going to be about the best use of technology . ”
Long , lazy days by the pool are a highlight of any cruise – and there 's a pool for everyone – so we 've rounded-up the top ten pools to be found at sea
Whether you love to laze in a sun lounger , do your laps or lark about with the family , the pool is the hub of any cruise ship ­– especially during sea days . That 's why the cruise lines have been busily investing in state-of-the-art-pools that offer everything from relaxation to exhilaration . From elegant river-cruise pools to rip-roaring aqua attractions , dive in to our top ten pools…
1 . Best for views
✤ Why ? Watch dolphins leap through the waves and enjoy breathtaking ocean views above – and below – water as you wallow in the glass-backed infinity pool that 's cleverly cantilevered off the stern of Viking Cruises ' 930-passenger Viking Sea .
✤ Après pool ? The snow grotto – with real snow – in the LivNordic spa is fast becoming a cruising legend .
✤ Where to ? Itineraries include the 14-night “ Viking Homelands ” Baltic cruise , from £4,190 ( vikingcruises.co.uk ) .
2 . Best for kids
✤ Why ? If your kids grumble that “ pools are boring ” , they 'll change their tune on Norwegian Cruise Line 's newest ship . The 4,266-passenger Norwegian Escape boasts the largest water park at sea , with no fewer than four thrilling waterslides .
✤ Après pool ? Try the ship 's three-storey ropes course with its high-flying zipline – if you dare .
✤ Where to ? Itineraries include a 7-night New York to Bermuda round trip , from £679 ( ncl.com ) .
3 . Best for socialites
✤ Why ? The venue for Cunard 's legendary sail away parties , the terrace pool on Deck 8 of flagship Queen Mary 2 is one of the classiest hangouts at sea – especially when you 're admiring the Manhattan skyline with a glass of champagne in hand .
✤ Après pool ? The world 's only ocean liner , QM2 also offers the only ocean-going planetarium .
✤ Where to ? Itineraries include a 27-night Caribbean round trip from Southampton , from £2,141 ( cunard.co.uk ) .
4 . Best for the cocktail hour
✤ Why ? Ca n't choose between the pool and the bar ? Surrounded by palm trees , the dramatically lit plunge pool on Uniworld 's 159-guest river cruiser Catherine is actually inside the ship 's Bar du Leopard – so passengers can order a cocktail while chilling in the balmy waters .
✤ Après pool ? This being a river cruise , regular stops mean there are countless shore excursions to enjoy .
✤ Where to ? Itineraries include the 7-night “ Burgundy and Provence ” cruise departing from Lyon , with prices from £2,699 ( uniworld.com ) .
5 . Best for loved-up couples
✤ Why ? With its marble-lined interiors and hand-made chandeliers , Regent Seven Seas ' ultra-luxury Seven Seas Explorer is sure to put you and your loved one in a romantic mood – and that 's before you discover the delightfully private infinity pool .
✤ Après pool ? Feast your eyes on the ship 's amazing art collection – including a genuine Picasso or two .
✤ Where to ? Itineraries include a 14-night Cape Town-to-Rio cruise , from £4,989 ( rssc.com ) .
6 . Best for thrill-seekers
✤ Why ? Fancy surfing without leaving the ship ? Step aboard Royal Caribbean 's Quantum of the Seas , where a wave machine in the FlowRider pool mimics ideal surfing conditions so passengers can boogie-board the breakers , then admire their performance on a flat-screen TV from the comfort of the bar next door .
✤ Après pool ? Quantum is just packed full of activities , including a circus school complete with trapeze , and the North Star glass gondola , which allows passengers to sail 300ft above the sea .
✤ Where to ? Itineraries include a 5-night Nagasaki and Fukuoka cruise , departing from Baoshan ( China ) , from £518 ( royalcaribbean.co.uk ) .
7 . Best for basking
✤ Why ? If you fancy playing Pharaoh on a Nile cruise ( and frankly , who would n't ? ) Sanctuary Retreats ' 36-passenger Sun Boat III is for you . Cleopatra 's Oasis might not be filled with asses ' milk , but this bijou pool is still an enchanting spot to lie back and watch the world go by .
✤ Après pool ? Other perks on this 1920s-themed vessel – which is regularly voted among the “ 100 most beautiful boats in the world ” – include 18 delightfully designed cabins and an elegant lounge where afternoon tea is served .
✤ Where to ? Itineraries include an 11-day “ Treasures of Egypt ” cruise departing from Cairo , combining a 5-day Nile cruise aboard Sun Boat III with a 6-day land tour . Prices from £4,595 ( scenic.co.uk ) .
8 . Best scene-stealer
✤ Why ? If your idea of heaven is to kick back in a hammock , listening to the blissful sound of a cascading fountain as you sip exotic cocktails , Carnival Cruise Line 's 3,006-passenger Carnival Sunshine is for you . Fed by a waterfall and surrounded by palm trees , the ship 's adults-only plunge pool is as close as you can get to beach life on a cruise .
✤ Après pool ? Apart from WaterWorks water park ( prepare to be drenched when you least expect it ) , the ship has sports courts , a video arcade and an elegant spa .
✤ Where to ? Itineraries include an 8-day Southern Caribbean cruise , round-trip from Port Canaveral , Florida , from £474 ( carnival.com ) .
9 . Best hideaway
✤ Why ? The glass-roofed solarium pool surrounded by animal sculptures must be the best kept secret aboard Royal Caribbean 's 2,501-passenger Brilliance of the Seas . The pool even has waterfalls , hot fountains and a bar .
✤ Après pool ? Jaw-dropping views from the nine-storey glass atrium are worth lingering over .
✤ Where to ? Itineraries include a 14-night Baltic cruise from Amsterdam , from £1,516 ( royalcaribbean.co.uk ) .
10 . Best for water babies
✤ Why ? Served by soaring glass elevators , the South Beach pool at the stern of MSC Cruises ' 4,134-passenger Seaside offers breathtaking views . And if you like a little adrenaline with your water , the multi-storey aqua park has two high-speed racing slides extending over the side of the ship .
✤ Après pool ? With an adventure trail , outdoor spa and super-long ziplines , the options are almost endless .
✤ Where to ? Itineraries include a 14-night Caribbean cruise from Miami , from £949 ( msccruises.co.uk ) .
Little Big Town has unveiled a music video for their cover of Elton John 's `` Rocket Man . '' The country group 's remake of the classic hit is featured on the new album , Restoration : Reimagining The Songs of Elton John and Bernie Taupin .
Karen Fairchild , Kimberly Schlapman , Philip Sweet , and Jimi Westbrook 's cover was first released back in March . Little Big Town recently performed `` Rocket Man '' during the Elton John : I 'm Still Standing tribute on CBS .
According to Rolling Stone , the track `` was reportedly inspired by a short story , `` The Rocket Man , '' by science-fiction writer Ray Bradbury , with lyrics by John 's longtime collaborator Bernie Taupin . ''
`` Rocket Man '' became a Top Ten hit in the U.S. and in Elton John 's native U.K. in 1972 .
The tribute album featuring `` Rocket Man , '' also brings fans a country theme with covers by Vince Gill , Maren Morris , Dolly Parton , and more .
Little Big Town will join Miranda Lambert out on the road this summer for their 2018 Bandwagon Tour .
FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla. - Residents of a condo community in Fort Lauderdale believe their pets are being targeted and even poisoned .
Two dogs have fallen seriously ill after eating dog biscuits residents say were tainted , and they believe those biscuits where planted around the property on purpose .
Eric Hersh said their 7-month-old bichon frise , Otto , was poisoned by a disgruntled resident in their condo complex .
They said ever since they got Otto as an emotional support animal , they have been harassed by some residents and condo board members , `` who questioned the validity of whether or not I deserved to have one . ''
Hersh said their dog was poisoned Thursday while they took Otto for a walk .
`` The dog was on a leash and I noticed they started eating something on the ground and it looked like a crushed dog biscuit , '' Hersh said .
Hersh did n't think much of it until a little later .
`` ( I ) came back about an hour and a half later and the dog was projectile vomiting all over the house , '' they said .
Hersh rushed Otto to the vet where they had their stomach pumped and now they are on the mend , but Hersh 's neighbor , who also has an emotional support dog , went outside to investigate and found at least two dozen Milk Bones around the property .
`` They were all a little mushy , like they had been soaked . They were strategically placed between 18 and 24 inches apart , '' Gail Morgan said .
They called the police , who collected some of the bones on Friday so they could test them .
Meanwhile , a neighbor from a nearby condo said they have been harassed and their dog was poisoned , too .
`` Screaming , 'Get your goddamn dog off our grass , blah , blah , blah , ' '' Linda Nader said .
Hersh believes their dog would be dead if they had eaten the entire biscuit .
`` To me , it is just a sick , sick , person , '' Hersh said .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawai ‘ i Island police have charged a Hilo man in connection with a stabbing incident in Hilo .
At 8:42 p.m. , Saturday evening , ( March 17 ) , police responded to Keawe Street in Downtown Hilo for a report of a man with an apparent stab wound to their neck . Witnesses told police that the suspect was involved in an argument with a group of people the victim was with before punching the victim .
The suspect was led away from the group but returned and attacked the victim with a knife , causing a deep laceration to the front of their neck . Bystanders from a nearby business detained the suspect until police arrived . The suspect and victim did not know each other .
The victim , a 25-year-old Hilo man , was taken to the Hilo Medical Center and later flown to the Queen 's Medical Center in serious condition .
The suspect , a 25-year-old Hilo man Donovan Sieb , was arrested at the scene without incident . They were taken to the Hilo cellblock while detectives with the Area I Criminal Investigation Section continued the investigation .
At 8:45 p.m. , Sunday , ( March 18 ) , police charged Sieb with first-degree assault and second-degree attempted murder . Their bail has been set at $ 275,000 . They remain in police custody pending their initial appearance Monday afternoon , ( March 19 ) , in District Court .
Anyone who may have information about these incidents is asked to call the Police Department 's non-emergency line at ( 808 ) 935-3311 or Detective Tuckloy Aurello of the Area I Criminal Investigation Section at ( 808 ) 961-2385 or Tuckloy.Aurello @ hawaiicounty.g… .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Bears ' Boys Swim Team prepares for the State Meet
Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
1:31
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
FT LAUDERDALE ( CBSMiami ) – Confessed Parkland school shooter Nikolas Cruz will keep their public defender .
On Tuesday , Judge Elizabeth Scherer ruled that Cruz should continue to be represented by a public defender at taxpayer expense . They said the 19-year-old does not have enough money in assets to hire a private attorney .
Cruz has been indicted on 17 counts of first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the Valentine 's Day shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High in Parkland .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A family devastated by flash flooding say they `` do n't know what to do '' after their home in Walsall was completely submerged by water .
Jason and Rebecca Lunt have been forced to leave their sodden home in Valley Road , Bloxwich , following Sunday 's severe rainstorm which also tragically claimed the life of a man in their 80s in nearby Rushall .
The frustrated family , meanwhile , have been sleeping on a blow-up bed at their friends half a mile away ever since and plumber Jason is becoming increasingly annoyed at the lack of aftercare .
`` We 've lost everything , downstairs has been completely washed out , '' said the 47-year-old , who has two children aged 14 and 19 .
`` I know there 's at least five houses on Valley Road that have been hit really bad .
`` The house is a write-off . My mother-in-law , who is 82 , lives with us and she 's been suffering from breathing problems .
`` There are flies everywhere and the damp is just terrible . It was above our knees at one point .
`` It 's now Wednesday and we 've just been left to fend for ourselves . It 's not on . We just do n't know what to do now and it 's starting to hit us . People are suffering . ''
Jason added : `` We 're living out of a suitcase at the moment and sleeping on an air bed . Me and my wife are off work and their mum Doreen has been struggling . Nobody has been to see us . ''
An extract on the Walsall Council website reads : `` Walsall Council is now identified as a lead local flood authority ( LLFA ) for the district , this role means that Walsall Council has the responsibility of managing surface water flooding risk across the borough .
`` Flood risks from main rivers or reservoirs remain the responsibility of the Environment Agency .
`` The four Black Country authorities of Dudley , Walsall , Sandwell and Wolverhampton have worked together to produce a Black Country Local Flood Risk Management Strategy . ''
By Larry Kummer . From the Fabius Maximus website .
Summary : Climate activists have made polar bears “ the face of climate change. ” This week we see how they have done so : with fake news . That they do so instead of relying on science tells us much about them — and why they have achieved so few policy changes after 30 years of these tactics .
“ This is the face of climate change . ”
In The Guardian on 8 December 2017 .
“ Video footage captured in Canada 's Arctic has offered a devastating look at the impact climate change is having on polar bears in the region , showing an emaciated bear clinging to life as it scrounged for food on iceless land . “ The scene was recorded by the conservation group Sea Legacy during a late summer expedition in Baffin Island . ‘ My entire Sea Legacy team was pushing through their tears and emotions while documenting this dying polar bear , ' photographer Paul Nicklen wrote on social media after publishing the footage this week . “ The video shows the bear struggling to walk as it searches for food . The bear eventually comes across a trashcan used by Inuit fishermen , rummaging through it with little luck . The bear , which was not old , probably died within hours of being captured on video , said Nicklen . ‘ This is what starvation looks like . The muscles atrophy . No energy . It 's a slow , painful death . ' “ The film-makers drew a direct line between the bear 's state and climate change . ‘ As temperatures rise and sea ice melts , polar bears lose access to the main staple of their diets – seals , ' the video noted . ‘ Starving , and running out of energy , they are forced to wander into human settlements for any source of food . ' ”
This story and video by SeaLegacy was picked up by journalists around the world and run uncritically . The Washington Post , National Geographic , the Daily Mail , the Global News ( of Canada ) , Teen Vogue , Business Insider , the Straits Times ( of Singapore ) , and Deutsche Welle . Unfortunately , it is bogus .
By Susan Crockford at their website , Polar Bear Science .
Posted with their generous permission .
We finally have this year 's example of the new fad of claiming every polar bear that died of starvation ( or on its way to starving to death ) — and caught on film — is a victim of climate change : a young bear on Somerset Island near Baffin Island , Nunavut filmed in August during its last antagonizing hours by members of an activist conservation organization called SeaLegacy .
This is no different from Ian Stirling 's “ bear that died of climate change ” back in 2013 , or several others since then : here , here , and here ( one of these incidents also involved the same photographer as this incident , Paul Nicklen ) . I 've called this practice of filming dead or dying bears and splashing the photos across the pages of newspapers and the internet “ tragedy porn ” — a kind of voyeurism that leaves people open to emotional manipulation . The internet laps it up .
Here Cristina Mittermeier , co-founder of SeaLegacy , tells CBC Radio why they filmed the incident and released the video ( bold emphasis added ) . They admit to using this poor bear as a serendipitous photo op to illustrate the future fate they imagine for all bears . Bold emphasis added .
“ 'We hear from scientists that in the next 100 to 150 years , we 're going to lose polar bears , ' Mittermeier said . ‘ We wanted the world to see what starvation of a majestic animal like this looks like . ' … “ Though it 's possible that climate change is responsible for the bear 's sickly appearance , some caution that it may be premature to jump to that conclusion based on a video . ‘ It is impossible to tell why they were in this state . Maybe it could 've been because of an injury or disease , ' Mittermeier said . “ But Ian Stirling from the University of Alberta told the U.K. 's Metro News that a bear like this could be sick or simply old . ‘ A difficulty hunting could be involved . I do n't think you can tie that one to starvation because of lack of sea ice , ' they continued . “ While Mittermeier said the bear had no obvious injuries and they believe it was too young to die of old age , they contend that 's irrelevant . ‘ The point is that it was starving , and …as we lose sea ice in the Arctic , polar bears will starve . ' ”
This may be how you get gullible people to donate money to a cause but it is n't science . { As Dr. Stirling said } there is no evidence that this starving bear was a “ victim ” of sea ice loss caused by global warming .
In August , this bear would have been only recently off the sea ice : since most bears are at their fattest at this time of year , something unusual had to have affected their ability to hunt or feed on the kills they made when other bears around them did not starve and die . It could have been something as simple as being out-competed for food in the spring by older animals .
But if sea ice loss due to human-made global warming had been the culprit , this bear would not have been the only one starving : the landscape would have been littered with carcasses . This was one bear dying a gruesome death as happens in the wild all the time ( there is no suggestion that a necropsy was done to determine cause of death , just as with Stirling 's bear that supposedly died of climate change . )
In fact , research done by polar bear specialists that work in the field shows that the most common natural cause of death for polar bears is starvation , resulting from one cause or another ( too young , too old , injured , sick ) . From Amstrup in Wild Mammals of North America : Biology , Management , and Conservation …
“ Starvation of independent young as well as very old animals must account for much of the natural mortality among polar bears… Also , age structure data show that subadults aged 2-5 years survive at lower rates than adults ( Amstrup 1995 ) , probably because they are still learning hunting and survival skills . … “ I once observed a 3-year-old subadult that weighed only 70 kg in November . This was near the end of the autumn period in which Beaufort Sea bears reach their peak weights ( Durner and Amstrup 1996 ) , and their cohorts at that time weighed in excess of 200 kg . This young animal apparently had not learned the skills needed to survive and was starving to death . ”
But as Mittermeier has made clear , facts do n't matter in cases like this Somerset Island bear 's death : it 's all about the message .
I 've asked this question before because it speaks to the present political climate : where were the appeals to help the many starving polar bears back in the spring of 1974 when females with newborn cubs were starving in the Eastern Beaufort Sea because the thick spring ice drove ringed seals away before they gave birth ( Stirling 2002 ) ?
Here is what Stirling and Lunn ( 1997:177 ) had to say about the mortality event of 1974 that they witnessed .
“ …in the spring of 1974 , when ringed seal pups first became scarce , we capture two very thin lone adult female polar bears that had nursed recently , from which we deduced they had already lost their litters . A third emaciated female was accompanied by two cubs which were so thin that one could barely walk . We have not seen females with cubs in this condition in the Beaufort Sea , or elsewhere in the Arctic , before or since . ”
What Stirling and Lunn witnessed and documented is scientific evidence that natural variation in spring sea ice can have devastating effects on polar bears , including mass mortality events ( Crockford 2017 ) . However , we have not seen any similar mass starvation events that have been conclusively shown to be caused by low summer sea ice .
One starving bear is not scientific evidence that human-made global warming has already negatively affected polar bears , but it is evidence that some activists will use any ploy to advance their agenda and increase donations .
A photographer talks about polar bears .
In an interview yesterday , published in the Victoria Times-Colonist ( my home town ) , photographer Nicklen stated…
“ Nicklen is careful about drawing conclusions from their pictures , noting that many people look to poke holes in what 's being said about things like the disappearance of sea ice from the North . …'Ice is melting earlier every spring and freezing later every fall , ' Nicklen said . ‘ Bears are designed to go as much as two months without ice , but they are not designed to go four or five months without ice . “ Well , this [ the video ] is what it actually looks like when polar bears are stranded on land . ' ”
Nicklen should do a bit more reading : polar bears in Western Hudson Bay routinely go four to five months without ice . Four months was normal in the good old days ( ca . 1980 ) and almost five months in some recent years ( Castro de la Guardia et al . 2017 ; Cherry et al . 2013 ; Ramsay and Stirling 1988 ; Stirling and Lunn 1997 ) . WHB pregnant females spend 8 months or more on land with no ill effects that can conclusively be blamed on a slightly longer time without ice ( Crockford 2017 ) . Southern Hudson Bay polar bears spend a similar amount of time without ice ( Obbard et al . 2016 ) , see this post ( with references ) .
About the author
Susan Crockford is a zoologist with more than 35 years of experience , including published work on the Holocene history of Arctic animals . They are an adjunct professor at the University of Victoria , British Columbia ( a “ non-remunerated professional zooarcheologist associate ” ) and co-owner of a private consulting company , Pacific Identifications Inc .
Them paper describing their theory about polar bears is “ Testing the hypothesis that routine sea ice coverage of 3-5 mkm2 results in a greater than 30 % decline in population size of polar bears ( Ursus maritimus ) ” , posted at Peer J Preprints ( not peer reviewed ) . See their publications here and their website Polar Bear Science .
They have written a book about their work : Polar Bears : Outstanding Survivors of Climate Change ( review here ) , a book for young adults , Polar Bear Facts & Myths : A Science Summary for All Ages ( review here ) , and a novel , Eaten — a polar bear attack thriller .
For More Information
For more information see this about the keys to understanding climate change and these posts about polar bears…
Advertisements
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former West Bromwich Albion favourite Paul Scharner has claimed that by giving Tony Pulis complete control of transfers , among other things , Albion have seen their “ DNA destroyed ” .
Ex-Austrian international Scharner , who played for the Baggies between 2010 and 2012 , became something of a cult hero during their time at The Hawthorns .
They scored goals against Aston Villa and Birmingham City , and displayed their affections for the club in a number of ways , from dying their hair blue and white to unveiling a t-shirt under their jersey when celebrating .
Scharner scored seven times in 63 appearances for Albion , but has witnessed the demise of the club this season , a demise that has left them all but relegated to the Championship .
The midfielder believes much of the blame lies at Pulis ' door - the Welshman took over in 2015 and kept the Baggies in the Premier League for three seasons on the trot .
Scharner , though , does n't think mere survival is enough for a club like West Brom .
“ The main problem is that , in nearly three years , they built their Pulis way , their Pulis structure , and it 's then difficult to unpick that way of working , ” Scharner told the Sun .
“ Whoever went in there was going to find it tough . It needed a magician .
“ Was it necessary to give so much power to the manager ? The board allowed Pulis to destroy the club 's DNA .
“ Do you remember the ­football West Brom played before they came ? It was about keeping the ball , possession football . That was their DNA . It did n't matter whether the club went up and down , that was how they played .
“ Now it 's difficult because there is no playing philosophy left and there are virtually no players left who identify with the club 's philosophy .
“ I loved my time at The Hawthorns and playing for their wonderful fans but football is about winning , not surviving . ”
Have a word !
When you 've played alongside a fellow footballer for almost six years , you can perhaps be forgiven for being a little miffed when said fellow footballer leaves you out of their all-time best XI !
In the case of Youssouf Mulumbu , that 's what happened when they discovered that he 'd been omitted from ex-West Brom teammate Graham Dorrans ' greatest side .
The pair were reunited at Ibrox this past weekend when Mulumbu 's Kilmarnock visited Dorrans ' Rangers - though the latter was absent because of an ankle injury that has kept them on the sidelines for the past three months .
The Scotland international did take part in a match-day programme feature , however , where a member of the Gers squad selects the best XI that they 've played with throughout their careers .
Dorrans , who made almost 200 appearances for the Baggies , predictably included a number of former Albion favourites ( and villains ) in their side - as well as international colleague and Aston Villa defender Alan Hutton .
Interestingly , Dorrans opted for Scott Carson in goal , over fellow keeper Ben Foster .
Alongside Hutton in defence , Dorrans lined up heroic pair Jonas Olsson and Gareth McAuley , while Paul Robinson fills in at left-back .
Another Scot , James Morrison , features in midfield alongside ex-captain Jonathan Greening - interestingly , there 's a place for Spanish flop Borja Valero , too .
West Brom transfer rumour : Tony Pulis plots Hawthorns raid as Aston Villa keep a close eye on defender
In a three-pronged attack up front , Dorrans selected Romelu Lukaku and Peter Odemwingie - talismen both - and the decorated Nicolas Anelka , whose infamous spell at the club ended sourly following the “ Quenelle ” controversy .
Mulumbu , who played their part as Killie pulled off an excellent 1-0 win at Ibrox , tweeted after the game about how impressed they were by the venue - though they were less than impressed by Dorrans side that did n't involve him !
They tweeted : `` @ OfficialKillie Fans thank you so much once again it was amazing # 3points btw # Ibrox what a stadium but # Dozza I need some explanation lol ''
You could take regular engagement photos — you know , holding hands next to a big tree , jumping in the air in some field , or sharing a milkshake at a diner you 've literally never been to before ( IDK guys I do n't know what these things are supposed to look like ! ) . OR you could take the road less traveled , and announce your engagement to family , friends , and loved ones with portrait of you going down on your future husband in the middle of a lush forest , like this couple did .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Spotted by Jezebel , photographer Michel Klooster captured the bride-to-be giving a fake ( note the little undies on the guy 's butt ) blow job to their future husband in what looks like a very beautiful forest . Just purely in terms of composition , the photo is * chef 's kiss * fantastic . But the idea to pose in faux fellatio is brilliant , and I love it . I love it !
Naturally , because people are fuddy duddies , Klooster had to update the Facebook caption on the photo to let people in the comments know that this is obviously fake , and no dick was out when this image was captured . They also say that anyone who fails to see the humor in these needs to go back to 1996 , before humor was invented ( an odd year to chose but whatever I admire the spirit behind this ! ) .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
All I 'm saying is I 've seen my fair share of refrigerators plastered with the same , pastel-hued engagement photos that literally every couple takes . They 're lovely images ! Love is love . But all I 'm saying is I would be much more likely to pin something like the blow job engagement photo up on my fridge — hell , I would FRAME IT — than all those other Easter egg-looking portraits .
Follow Hannah on Twitter .
Joanna Paun , a Petaluma student counselor whose “ non-relection ” from the Petaluma City Schools District resulted in a whirlwind of controversy , has not only found peace , but a good position at St. Vincent de Paul High School .
Paun has been named director of counselors at St. Vincent . They said their main responsibility will be working with juniors and seniors helping them with college applications and financial aid .
Paun was told last February that they would not be asked to return to their job as a student counselor at Kenilworth Junior High School . Since they were a school-year shy of tenure and still on probationary status , the district was not required to provide a reason for what amounted to a dismissal .
Paun said at the time the only reason they were given for their dismissal was that they were “ not a good fit . ”
Citing confidentiality rules , school district officials have never commented on reasons they were not retained .
Paun 's dismissal resulted in a strong protest from several parents and children who cited their positive impact on student lives . They were the only black staff member at Kenilworth , and several of their supporters stressed their importance as a role model for young students .
While disappointed at not being offered a position in the Petaluma City Schools District , Paun is delighted with their new job .
“ It is very different from the public schools , ” they said . “ No . 1 is they are actually training me . They are sending me to a conference to learn how to use new software designed to help students apply for college scholarships .
“ I really like Principal Pat Daly . They have a great vision for the school . ”
Paun said they have no ill will against the Petaluma Schools District .
“ I 'm not bitter , ” they said . “ I was really upset for a few days , but the people who supported me got me through it . God has given me peace about it . If it had not happened , I would n't have gotten this great opportunity at St. Vincent . ”
However , the experience has also gotten them to consider changes they would like to see in the Petaluma district .
“ I 've been thinking about running for the school board , ” they said . “ I could n't do that as an employee , but now I 'm considering running . There are things I would like to see implemented in the district . ”
Update : Police have begun the process of removing activists from underneath the Ironworkers Memorial Bridge , where they have been blocking oil tanker traffic since early Tuesday morning .
Video from CTV 's Chopper 9 helicopter shows a handful of officers gathered on the catwalk , where five of the Greenpeace protesters were staying .
It 's unclear how police plan to extract the seven other activists who are dangling below the bridge in climbing harnesses .
More to come…
Previous story : The activists who are suspended in air below a busy Metro Vancouver bridge to block oil tanker traffic say they are feeling energized and determined on the second day of their protest .
A group of 12 pipeline opponents from Greenpeace Canada climbed onto the Ironworkers Memorial Bridge early Tuesday morning before dawn to launch the blockade , cutting off tanker access to Kinder Morgan 's Westridge Marine Terminal .
Seven of them remain dangling in climbing harnesses underneath the crossing , while the other five are providing support from the catwalk . On Wednesday morning , as the blockade was nearing its 29th hour , protester Emma Jackson said their spirits remain high .
`` Overall we 're feeling pretty good , '' Jackson said in a Facebook video . `` We have no plans on leaving any time soon . We have lots of food up here , water , comfy , warm clothes… . I think we 're all doing OK . ''
Greenpeace said the dramatic aerial blockade is part of an ongoing response to the federal government 's highly controversial $ 4.5-billion purchase of Kinder Morgan 's Trans Mountain pipeline expansion project .
`` It does n't matter that Justin Trudeau has decided to make taxpayers into the shareholders of this project , it still will not go forward , '' Jackson said . `` This resistance movement , if anything , is stronger than ever because of this recent decision . ''
On Wednesday afternoon , Kinder Morgan finally confirmed that one oil tanker , the Serene Sea , was indeed trapped inside Burrard Inlet and unable to leave . In the early hours of the blockade , the company would only say there had been `` no impacts to ( its ) operations . ''
`` A vessel loaded with crude oil departed our Westridge Marine Terminal and is now waiting for suitable conditions at its Port of Vancouver designated mooring location , '' a spokesperson for Trans Mountain told CTV News in an email .
`` We respect the right to peacefully demonstrate and there are many ways to express opinions in a safe and lawful manner . It is unfortunate that the actions of these individuals have caused disruptions to vessels and individuals that transit to and from the waters east of the Ironworkers Memorial Bridge , including customers from our terminal and the other marine cargo terminals . ''
A spokesperson for Port of Vancouver said deep sea vessels and some other boats , such as sail boats with high masts , have been unable to cross underneath the Ironworkers bridge because of the protesters and their banners .
Shorter vessels such as tugboats , barges and small commercial vessels are still able to go back and forth .
`` We are closely monitoring the situation and any changes that may impact the safe movement of marine traffic , '' Danielle Jang said in an email .
Some on social media have questioned how the activists are able to urinate and otherwise relieve themselves while hanging below the bridge . Greenpeace confirmed a system is in place , but did not provide further details .
The Vancouver Police Department monitored the first day of the blockade from land and sea , taking a hands-off approach that focused on ensuring the safety of both activists and officers .
The department has since handed the file off to North Vancouver RCMP , which has so far taken a similar approach .
Mounties said the activists could face mischief charges after they return to solid ground , however . They could also be charged with impeding the safe movement of a vessel under Sec . 121 of the Canada Shipping Act , an offence that carries a maximum penalty of 18 months in prison and a $ 1-million fine .
How the Daleys became a dynasty in Chicago and beyond
hello
President Barack Obama , right , is greeted by Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White , left , Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley , center , and Illinois Gov . Pat Quinn after arriving at O'Hare Airport in Chicago . Paul Beaty/Associated Press , July 23 , 2009
JOHN STARKS/jstarks @ dailyherald.com , 2008Illinois House Speaker Michael J. Madigan and Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley talk at an Illinois delegate meeting during the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver .
A furious Mayor Richard J. Daley stands at the microphone as shouts resound through the International Amphitheatre in Chicago , demanding the Democratic National Convention adjourn until later in the day before considering the party platform . Daley contended spectators in the galleries were doing the shouting . Daley was seated front-row center , directly below the rostrum . It was the position of honor ; but it was also ground zero in a year of political and social upheaval . Associated Press , Aug. 28 , 1968
Mourners stood in the cold for hours outside Mayor Richard J. Daley 's church to view their body . Chicago Sun-Times , Dec. 21 , 1976
About 20 years before a certain territory along the eastern banks of the upper Mississippi became a state , a man named Maurice Daly tied their ass and cart to a fence in the little Irish town of Dungarvan and set off for America . They added an `` e '' to their last name along the way -- and the die was cast for the most powerful political brand in Illinois ' 200-year history .
The Daleys of Chicago ran the state 's largest city for more than 40 years , watching from the fifth floor of City Hall as the city grew from a thriving but unpolished Midwest railroad hub to a sprawling global metropolis .
The St. Patrick 's Day parade 's front line included , from left , fire commissioner and parade marshal Robert J. Quinn ; Stephen J. Lamb , Chicago Journeyman Plumbers Union ; actor Pat O'Brien ; Mayor Richard J. Daley ; George Colley , Ireland 's minister of commerce and industry ; Rev . Thomas Bryne ; and John Egan , Metropolitan Sanitary District president . - Jack Dykinga/Chicago Sun-Times , March 17 , 1967
Whether it 's the skyscrapers that Richard J. Daley so dearly loved , or the wrought-iron fences and European-style greenery pushed by their son , the legacy of the city 's two longest-serving mayors is impossible to avoid .
There are also things not seen , of course . Like Meigs Field , the quirky lakefront airport that the younger Daley brazenly -- and illegally -- bulldozed in the middle of the night in 2003 . And then there 's a trail of Daley pals either shamed or jailed for various corruption schemes , part of a long-tolerated , wink-and-nod `` Chicago way '' of doing city business .
The elder Mayor Daley struggled to reconcile their neighborhood tribalism with the growing civil rights movement and anti-war protests . And their son watched grand plans for their city spiral into sweetheart deals and crippling budget deficits .
But the Daley Machine also saw Chicago 's fortunes grow while other Rust Belt cities declined . And they helped elect two Democratic presidents while wielding the kind of statewide clout in Springfield that a small army of Machine-bred representatives and senators can make possible .
Mayor Richard J. Daley , center , celebrates their 70th birthday at City Hall with their sons , from left , Michael , Richard M. , William and John . The cake was a replica of the Hancock Center . - Chicago Sun-Times , May 15 , 1972
Richard J. Daley , great-grandson of Maurice , was born in the city 's Bridgeport neighborhood in 1902 , not far from where they lived when they died 74 years later . They rose through the ranks of Democratic politics by building a reputation as both an old-school ward heeler and nimble numbers cruncher . Lacking the oratorical flourish of so many politicians of the day , they prided themselves on getting things done .
`` Good government is good politics , '' they liked to say . And they correctly surmised that few would mind if city payrolls were stocked with Daley Machine foot soldiers , so long as the trash got collected and the streets got plowed .
When they arrived at their desk in City Hall every morning , they were greeted with a list of the names of new city workers , along with their political sponsors . Their ride home in the evening often took a wandering path , stopping at various wakes and retirement parties , each visit cementing that particular family 's multigenerational allegiance to the Democratic Party .
Mayor Richard J. Daley , center , joins their family for a stroll through the neighborhood near their home on Easter Sunday . With him , from left , are Richard M. , Mary Carol , Mrs. Daley , John , Billy , Eleanor and Michael . - Chicago Sun-Times , April 1 , 1965
While the husband was running the city , their beloved wife , Sis , was raising a brood of seven children . Little Richie , the firstborn son , came along in 1942 . Then came Michael , a prominent lawyer and the only son who stayed away from politics ( unless , ahem , you count helping clients win city zoning cases ) . Then there was John , a former state senator and state representative who is still a Cook County commissioner . They are also the 11th Ward Democratic committeeman , a job that has been in the Daley family since the 1940s .
William Daley , the youngest son , is the only one to have officially stepped onto the national political stage , serving as both U.S. commerce secretary under President Bill Clinton and White House chief of staff under President Barack Obama .
In 2013 , Bill Daley briefly ran for Illinois governor , only to drop out of the race a few months after entering it , citing personal reasons .
Richard M. Daley is sworn in as Cook County state 's attorney at the Daley Center in Chicago as their wife Maggie holds the Bible . - Chuck Kirman/Chicago Sun-Times , Dec. 1 , 1980
But it was Richard M. Daley who made the family name synonymous with big city clout , eclipsing even their father 's run on the fifth floor .
Even as business-hub suburbs like Naperville and Schaumburg sprouted gleaming corporate headquarters , Daley presided over continued growth downtown . And Millennium Park , their crown jewel , remains a source of civic pride , perhaps allowing the memory of their failed Olympic bid to fade .
Their administration also was marked by a series of scandals , including the `` Hired Truck '' scandal , in which the city government leased hundreds of privately owned dump trucks that did little or no work , wasting $ 40 million a year . News reports about the program fueled a swift-moving federal investigation that led to the indictments of 49 people on public corruption-related charges . All were convicted , except for one individual who died after being charged .
• Illinois 200 is produced as a project of the Illinois Press Association and the Illinois Associated Press Media Editors . Find previous stories at www.dailyherald.com/topics/Illinois-Bicentennial/ .
By Peter Duru
Makurdi– Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state has insisted that the attacks and killings in the state were regarded as a jihad following verifiable comments by the various herdsmen groups in the country who through their statement openly declared a jihad in the state .
The Governor in a statement Wednesday through their Press Secretary , Terver Akase , was reacting to an allegation by Jama'atul Nasir Islam , JNI which wrongly claimed that they declared the herdsmen killings in the state as a continuation of the late Usman Danfodio 's jihad .
They maintained that the word ‘ Jihad ' never originated from them but the marauders unleashing mayhem in the state who through several fora made the declaration .
The statement read in part , “ We read in some of today 's national dailies , the statement credited to the headquarters of Jama'atul Nasir Islam , JNI , regarding the reported comments of Governor Samuel Ortom on attacks in the state and we find it necessary to put the matter in its proper context .
“ In the statement , Secretary General of JNI , Dr. Abubakar Khalid Aliyu accussed Governor Ortom of attributing the herdsmen attacks in the state to a continuation of the late Usman Danfodio 's jihad .
“ The impression being created by the organisation that Governor Ortom attacked the leadership of Nigerian Muslims in their comments is as misleading as it is a deliberate attempt to cast the Governor in bad light before Muslims in the country .
“ In the interview under reference , Governor Ortom who was responding to a specific question , only quoted the threats by leaders of Fulani Nationality Movement , FUNAM , Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore and Miyetti Allah Cattle Herders Association who had addressed press conferences and stated that the attacks on Benue State were a jihad and struggle for the control of natural resources in the Benue Valley . The groups also vowed that there would be more bloodshed in Benue State .
“ For instance , the Fulani Nationality Movement stated in a communique after a meeting in Kano on January 13 , 2018 , that they had embarked on a Jihad in Benue State . ”
“ Part of the said communique read , ‘ We notice the recalcitrant culture of the Tiv people as demonstrated even during the 1804 Jihad when they obstructed our ordained conquest of Nigeria . We call on all Fulanis to prepare for this Holy War . There is no going back . All over the world , Nigeria is the only country given to Fulani by God . '
“ Governor Ortom who referred to such statements including the ones quoted above from the Fulani Nationality Movement , reiterated their call for the arrest of the leadership of the groups to prevent further killings in the state . ”
They maintained that they had enormous respect for the leadership of Jama'atul Nasir Islam and all other Nigerian Muslims and would not have launched an attack on the religion . “ We reject and condemn this negative branding of the Governor by JNI .
“ Since assumption of office , Governor Ortom has embraced and encouraged all religious groups in the state especially the Muslim community as evident in the cordial relationship between the present administration and leadership of the Islamic faith .
“ It is therefore strange that the headquarters of Jama'atul Nasir Islam has chosen to assault the Governor 's reputation on a matter which has verifiable evidence unconnected with him . ”
Company to Demo Container Networking Support for vSphere Integrated Containers , OpenShift Container Platform , Kubernetes and Mesosphere , at DockerCon 2017
AUSTIN , TX -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - DockerCon - Big Switch Networks® , The Next-Generation Data Center Networking Company , today announced it has extended Big Cloud Fabric™ ( BCF ) container networking support to vSphere Integrated Containers . Earlier this year , Big Switch announced multi-container networking support for Mesosphere DC/OS and Kubernetes container orchestration platforms , including Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform with Big Cloud Fabric .
Big Switch Networks will be at DockerCon to discuss container networking and demo support for the above listed containerized environments . To learn more , visit Big Switch at BOOTH # S36 .
As the demand for container technology accelerates in enterprise and service provider data centers , a next-generation networking architecture is required to keep up with the rapid lifecycle of container instantiation , elasticity and retirement . BCF leverages software-defined networking ( SDN ) to provide one big `` logical switch '' governed by a centralized controller . This solution delivers simplified network operations , visibility and telemetry of containers and their hosts , and network automation for rapid application and micro-services deployment .
`` Integrating containers with VMware vSphere provides the best of both worlds for production IT deployments , the agility and portability of containers along with proven security and operations-friendly workflows , '' said Prashant Gandhi , Chief Product Officer , Big Switch Networks . `` When Big Cloud Fabric is deployed as the physical network in this environment , customers can operate the network at the speed of containers due to BCF 's built-in automation and zero-touch operations , while gaining enhanced container-level visibility and rapid container-to-container troubleshooting across the fabric . ''
With vSphere Integrated Containers , organizations can leverage existing infrastructure to run containerized apps along with traditional applications on the same infrastructure , as well as tools , policies and processes to manage containerized applications in production . With BCF , customers can achieve the same operational benefits for their networking infrastructure hosting a mix of both traditional VM and containerized workloads . In container environments , the BCF controller enables physical network automation as well as deeper visibility of container-to-container traffic across the network , via integration with vSphere Integrated Containers .
Big Cloud Fabric is the optimal networking fabric for multiple VMware solutions via a single point of integration for the entire fabric . In VMware environments , BCF connects with the VMware vCenter® API to provide physical network automation and end-to-end network visibility for VMware vSphere® . The Big Cloud Fabric controller directly integrates into VMware vCenter™ to simplify and automate application deployments on its physical SDN fabric and physical networks . The following aspects of the network are automated , requiring zero intervention from VM or network admin :
Automatic ESXi host connectivity with fabric using LAG/MLAG
Automatic Layer 2 network configuration
Automatic network policy migration for vMotion
The integrated VMware visibility provided by Big Cloud Fabric enables network and virtualization administrators to rapidly resolve cross-domain issues , while vSphere Integrated Containers provide critical enterprise container infrastructure to help IT Ops run both traditional and containerized applications side-by-side on a common platform . With vSphere Integrated Containers , IT teams can avoid expensive and time-consuming re-architecture of infrastructure that results in silos . When coupled with BCF , the same physical infrastructure can be logically provisioned to be orchestrated under different VMware environments for different workloads , including vSphere , vSphere + NSX , vSphere + vSAN , VMware Integrated OpenStack , and now vSphere Integrated Containers . The networking infrastructure can be scaled-out on demand and newer workload types can be added dynamically .
The scale-out architecture of BCF accommodates future-growth in east-west traffic , caused by an increase in deployment of micro-services . Benefits of running vSphere Integrated Containers on top of Big Cloud Fabric include :
Automated provisioning of physical network in tandem with virtual networking used by vSphere Integrated Containers
Network admin visibility into container workload VMs , Virtual Container Host ( VCH ) infrastructure VMs , resource pools and vApps
Container-container fabric tracing for both network and vSphere admins
Analytics of VIC events for network admin for historical replay
Support for multi-tenant environments with vSphere Integrated Containers and Big Cloud Fabric
Seamless interoperability with Docker tools that are used to deploy VMware Integrated Containers .
Supporting containers in their virtualized environments provides a number of benefits : IT teams get the security , isolation and management of VMs , while developers enjoy the speed and agility of containers - all within vSphere . vSphere Integrated Containers are run as VMs to leverage vSphere 's core capabilities : security , networking and resource management for a production environment . BCF as the physical network infrastructure brings the same automation and visibility benefits for the container VMs as for the traditional VMs by leveraging the integration of BCF with vSphere .
Supporting Materials
Demo Video : Big Cloud Fabric Advantage for vSphere Integrated Containers
Video : Big Cloud Fabric , Explained
Product Page : Container Networking with Big Cloud Fabric
Product Page : Container Monitoring with Big Monitoring Fabric
About Big Switch Networks
Big Switch Networks is the Next-Generation Data Center Networking Company . We disrupt the status quo of networking by designing intelligent , automated and flexible networks for our customers around the world . We do so by leveraging the principles of software-defined networking ( SDN ) , coupled with a choice of industry-standard hardware . Big Switch Networks has two solutions : Big Monitoring Fabric , a Next-Generation Network Packet Broker , which enables pervasive security and monitoring of data center and cloud traffic for inline or out-of-band deployments and Big Cloud Fabric , the industry 's first Next-Generation switching fabric that allows for choice of switching hardware for OpenStack , VMware , Container and Big Data use cases . Big Switch Networks is headquartered in Santa Clara , CA , with offices located in Tokyo , Sydney , London and Istanbul . For additional information , email info @ bigswitch.com , follow @ bigswitch , or visit www.bigswitch.com .
Big Switch Networks , Big Cloud Fabric , Big Monitoring Fabric , BigSecure , Big Chain , Switch Light OS , and Switch Light VX are trademarks or registered trademarks of Big Switch Networks , Inc. All other trademarks , service marks , registered marks , or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners .
The safety valve ( limiting valve F ) described here by SKVTechnik ( http : //www.skvtechnik.com ) can be used both as a pressure limiting valve and for operation as a vacuum limiting valve . It is delivered not parameterized in the factory and must therefore be set by the customer before use .
Why is it important to use a limit valve ?
Side channel blowers are valuable devices that usually run in continuous operation and unattended . If the suction or pressure channel is closed , then the side channel blower motors continue to work and build up enormous pressure . The force can not be carried away with the air and the rotor presses more and more against the compression . The rotor blades twist . If necessary , the device heats up so much during this process that the winding insulation of the motor melts and a short circuit occurs . The machine suffers a total loss with a damage amount exceeding the replacement cost .
How does a limit valve work ?
If they are correctly adjusted , the SKV limit valves act as a safeguard against excessive pressure . If the predefined pressure builds up in the machine and is exceeded , then limit valves open the airflow and the machine can release excess pressure from the system . The machine can continue to work and will not break . It is important that the operating point of the limit valve is correctly set to the respective machine .
How to adjust the limit valves of the SKVTechnik ?
The limiting valve of the SKVTechnik is individually applicable to the different side channel compressors in the range from 0,2KW to 25 kW . For this purpose , the valve is supplied with two springs of different strengths . Each spring is designed for a specific pressure-vacuum power range . Valves VRL8 and VRL9 have the possibility to use both springs in parallel . Customers convince themselves with the supplied selection diagram that the valve is the right size and depending on the operating point select one of the two springs or both springs from the overview table ( see also here : http : //seitenkanalverdichter-technik.de/produkt/begrenzungsventile/ ) ,
* Remove the two plastic caps
* Attach the valve to the pressure bypass and connect a pressure gauge .
* Loosen the screw 923 ( description enclosed ) and reduce the spring pressure on the upper adjusting screw with the adjusting key supplied .
* Turn on the fan and create the maximum pressure .
* Adjust the upper adjusting screw until the maximum permissible pressure is reached ( observe manufacturer 's instructions ) .
* Fix the screw 923 .
* Opening the pressure channel .
* Carefully check the settings .
If customers have further questions for the use of side channel blowers , then they simply turn to the experts of SKVTechnik . A team of employees takes care of the solutions for customers and their plants . SKVTechnik calculates and offers designs for side channel blowers . Consultations on site are possible . Delivery times of 1 – 2 weeks or units on trial are normal delivery times .
Another major field of activity of SKVTechnik is the sale of side channel compressors as well as the sale of fans . Since 2015 SKVTechnik has been trading with fans from different manufacturers . Fans are highly individually equipped machines , which are usually adapted to customer requirements . When searching for solutions with fans , customers are most likely to contact SKVTechnik 's sales department directly .
Press contact :
SKVTechnik ( http : //atexskv.com ) Klaus Doldinger Straßberger Str . 31 08527 Plauen Phone +49172 7799600
The World Bank says Iran 's foreign debts rose slightly in 2015 but were still significantly lower than 2011 when the country faced a series of US-led sanctions .
A report by the World Bank titled “ International Debt Statistics 2017 ” showed that Iran 's debts for 2015 stood at $ 6.32 billion . The figure was slightly higher than 2014 but was nonetheless around 64 percent lower than the debts in 2011 ( $ 17.34 billion ) .
The biggest jump in Iran 's foreign debts took place between 2000 and 2005 when they hit an all-time high of $ 21.54 billion from $ 8.02 billion . The debts descended gradually over the next years but plunged the highest to a third of 2005 record in 2012 at $ 7.40 billion , according to the World Bank report . Figures show that Iran 's foreign debts in 2013 stood at almost the same level until they slid to the lowest level in over 14 years in 2014 at $ 5.44 billion .
The World Bank emphasized in its report that the flow of foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in Iran had declined for the third consecutive year in 2015 to $ 2 billion . Nevertheless , it added that the lifting of sanctions was expected to provide an impetus for a rebound .
Iran saw a series of US-led economic sanctions lifted in January last year after a nuclear deal it had reached with world powers came into effect .
The deal that had been made with the five permanent members of the Security Council plus Germany – the so-called P5+1 – allowed the removal of sanctions against Iran in return for certain steps by the country to restrict some aspects of its nuclear energy activities .
The sanctions prevented Iran from exporting oil beyond a ceiling of around 1 million barrels per day , banned investments in its oil industry , and limited its overseas trade among other restrictions internationally described as the toughest ever imposed against a country .
Iran has over the past few years made significant efforts to boost its economy through different measures .
The country 's government spokesperson Mohammad-Baqer Nobakht told reporters on Sunday that Iran had attracted around $ 11 billion in foreign investments since the removal of sanctions .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Anshu Jain joins Cantor Fitzgerald as president amid growth push
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
If you cum or release too quickly in bed , then you will find this tips I will share in this article really helpful
I know you are already frustrated and you want to give up finding solution to your small penis & quick ejaculation problems…Well , there are 3 things you must do if you really want permanent solution to your problems and to WIN this quick ejaculation war…
Before I continue for the sake of those just reading my articles here .
” My name is Peter Adeyemi who used to be a one minute man like most Nigerian men , almost lost my beautiful wife due to this problem . That was when I started researching and trying everything out there , its all now history as have now solved the one minute riddle , I now last more than 30 minutes every time I have sex with my wife and now am out to help as many Nigerian men out of this problem too . Over 2000 Nigerian men have had great results taking my advice and saved their marriage ”
Without wasting time here are the 3 ways to treat premature ejaculation naturally and last longer on bed .
1 . Avoid Masturbation !
Most men masturbate and it has become a habit for some of them . This is actually
one of the root cause of your quick ejaculation problem .
I 've seen messages from men who are around 35 – 39years of age , but just last 1 – 5mins in bed…
All because they have condition their body to last for 5mins due to too much masturbation my advice is that you AVOID IT !
2 . Have an healthy diet and exercise
Most men that ca n't go more than one round in bed , and have poor erection or little libido have something in common… ” they have a POOR diet and do not really
exercise ”
What you can do now is to improve
your health condition…
( 1 ) Eat more fruits and vegetables like
– watermelon
– grapes
– pears
– avocados
– banana
– green vegetables including carrots , vegetables Include these fruits and veggies in your diet for the next 2 weeks
( 2 ) Avoid eating too much red meat and reduce intake of alcohol
( 3 ) Drink 1 cup of water when you wake up in the morning
( 4 ) Do 15minutes exercises often in the
morning when you wake up … could be
walking , jogging etc .
3 . Take Supplements that help boost your sexual activities .
The truth is most of our food do n't have the right combination to help us last longer ,
So what you should do aside eating fruits and stopping masturbation is to taking natural supplements that helps you increase blood flow to the penis and boost your stamina .
I have one that has helped a lot of Nigerian men get their confidence and stamina back on track .
It is working effect with no side effects whatsoever ,
There you have it , you want a great sex life follow my advice above .
Now How Do You Completely Cure Weak Erection and Quick Ejaculation ?
Before I let you into this brand-new discovery , let me tell you that you are not alone in this problem and I feel your pain , I used to be in your shoes , kept buying every supplement in the pharmacies even on the internet yet no solution and I kept spending and spending my wife kept nagging now its all history .
A recent survey shows that over 30 million Nigerian men have these sex problems .
But the GOOD News is…
There are special herbal products that are approved by NAFDAC and they actually work if you administer them professionally .
But There is this herbal supplement that is highly effective and can raise even a dead man 's manhood when used properly
This special herbal mixture is approved by NAFDAC and it is a combination of 3 very powerful medicinal herbs that your great grandfather probably knew and used to satisfy their multiple wives even till old age .
I call it Libiron Herbal Capsule
Let me introduce you to this 100 percent natural Herbal solution that cures the root cause of weak erection and increase stamina on bed , helping you to last up to35 minutes on first round
I suffered from Premature ejaculation for Years and could n't even find a good solution no matter how Hard I tried until I found Help with Libiron Herbal Capsule .
“ Libiron Herbal Capsule ”
… From Lasting 2 minutes To Lasting Up To at least 30 Minutes In Bed !
Libiron Herbal Capsule is made of a pure herbal ingredient in capsule form , there are 60 capsules in it , produced to boost male sexual performance . The main mechanism of Libiron is to improve sex appeal is increase reflection of nerve condition . With Libiron as I fondly call it , you enjoy bigger and harder erections , increase in libido and complete cure to your quick ejaculation !
NO SIDE EFFECT OF ANY KIND Approved By NAFDAC A7-5794L
The Libiron Herbal Capsule Kill Premature Ejaculation The Same Way Ota Pia pia kills Mosquito .
Try Libiron Herbal Capsule today and say Bye Bye to your sexual worries for ever and ever .
The Libiron Herbal Capsule Has been Evaluated and Approved by NAFDAC With Registration Number A7-5794L
Some Interesting Facts About The Libiron Herbal Capsule
The Libiron Herbal Capsule , Is a Specially Formulated Herbal Ingredients that will Make you Last Longer than 35 Min In Bed when having sex .
The Libiron Herbal Capsule Is Strong at Boosting and giving you harder ERECTION So you can penetrate better , The Harder the Better .
You will have erections when you ready to have sex , and be able to maintain a rock-hard erection that gives their mind blowing sex .
Watery Sperm ? Do n't Worry ! The Libiron Herbal Capsule Will Ensure your system is up to date and Watery Sperm will be thing of the Past in your Life . Just Take The Libiron Herbal Capsule With Pure Natural Horney .
You will be able to give your woman more rounds of deep satisfying sex and last longer for up to 35 minutes…
No more embarrassing yourself or disappointing your woman due to cumming quickly…
You will finally save your marriage or relationship with your spouse . They wo n't look outside trying to cheat on you with another man , because you will be the only one that they crave for and satisfy them completely .
And , the good thing about this solution is that…
You Start to See Results… IMMEDIATELY !
I mean , IMMEDIATELY !
The 60 Capsules inside a pack of Libiron is enough to completely cure your quick ejaculation and give you harder erection , increase libido in male and female . It corrects weakness of the penis , lost of sexual desire , quick ejaculation . It boosts sperm count and give a super hard rock erection for better sex enjoyment .
This is No side Effect Natural herbal Solution Already Helped over 1500 Men To Last Longer , Correct Penis weakness , & Double Their Penis Size .
See their unsolicited testimonies :
“ An instant increase of .5 inches and they loved it ” I bought the mk oil about 2 weeks ago and have been using it . I 've also started recently using it in the shower at low pressure for 10 to 15 minutes a few times . Here 's where my results started to get interesting . and I was saying to myself DAMN my penis looks huge , very thick and heavy . My penis has NEVER been this thick before , so I went into the bedroom where my wife was watching TV . I grabbed their hand and put it on my penis and said feel how thick this is . They said in a scared voice “ what did you do to it ? ” I did not tell them about the Oil yet so I just said an exercise and told them to get their Pyjamas off quick I want to try this thing out . We had one of the best sex we 've had in a while . They moaned like never before and I could tell they enjoyed it . When we were done they asked if I was on viagra or something I said “ no ” and laughed . Thanks Peter , I owe you guys BIG ,
Felix J. Abuja
“ Immediate results in a week ! ” Hi Peter , I just started using the oil and Libiron herbal for about a week now and wanted to fill you in on my progress . In that period of time , I 've had definite immediate gains in girth . After each session , my manhood feels heavy which feels great ! I have gained about half an inch in “ width ” . This is all in just a little over a week ! So as of now there is n't anything bad that I can say about this amazing solution . I can only say good things about what I am learning here and about myself . Thank you guys for helping to get me on the path to the penis I want ! John from Enugu
If you have ever wondered how to increase your man-hood size without pills and make the enlargement permanent .
This Japanese made enlargement oil is the answer .
“ Here Is the Japanese Made Penis Enlargement Oil That I Used To Increase The Size Of My Penis…and has helped over 1,500 Nigerian men
Believe me ; I measured several times to make sure this was for real .
I took out a measuring tape and measured my penis…It had increased from the tiny 3.7 inches to a surprising 5.6 inches… in less than 3 weeks !
Now , I know you ca n't wait to lay your hands on these GUARANTEED solutions…
Hence , I 'm ready to further make it easier and cheaper for you ; if not for anything , to show you that the solutions actually work and will work for you guaranteed .
We have Only 100 bottle pack of Libiron herbal capsule and MK Oil Available And It 's Strictly First Come First Served !
The Libiron Herbal Capsule is N15,000 payment On delivery If you Order Today !
Here is the break down of the price if you are ordering today
Libiron Herbal Capsule only is N15,000
2 packs of MK Oil only is N12,000
So , if you order for the 2 solutions together today , you pay only N20,000 instead of N28,000 ( that 's a extra discount of N8,000 )
if you order for the 2 solutions together today , you pay only N20,000
Do you want to continue to suffer from the shame and frustration caused by premature ejaculation and small penis…when you can do something about it now ?
Or…Would you rather pay higher later… when you can easily get it for the low amount today ?
Of course , I know you will make the smart choice !
So , you have to hurry up to be among the lucky few , and place your order NOW
And to help you sweeten the deal am I giving you an amazing bonus that you cant get anywhere else if you order today .
Here 's how : -Once you place your order for both of them today at N22,000.You will also get the amazing product that cures STDs and other infections related to sex .
Bonus : “ Togacin Broad Spectrum Antibiotic ”
The ultimate solution for stds like ; stapph , gonorhea , clamdyia .
The one reason why this is very important is that ; most times premature ejaculation is always caused my infections . And without treating them you 're only sabotaging your efforts .
Best part is that you get this 100 percent herbal antibiotic for free when you place order today .
However , I must warn that ONLY those who place their order right away gets this STD killer “ Togacin Antibiotic “ . If you procrastinate further , you may not get it .
So , this is a no brainer… Get the 2-in-1 solution now , get the extra FREE bonus .
To erase the fear of been scammed we now offer Cash on delivery to any part of Nigeria .
You will only pay when this product has been physically brought down to you face-to-face by our courier company . We call it == > Pay on Delivery .
A . All Shipments are sent in discreet packaging without images or text that could suggest the contents . The shipping documents and invoice are discreet as well .
How To Order Depending on the product that you are ordering for… * If you are ordering for only “ Libiron “ … indicate the code Libiron in your text message… * If you are ordering for only “ Mk-oil ” …
indicate it “ Oil ” in your text message… * If you want to order for the 2 products together…
text “ BOTH ” … Libiron ONLY – N15,000
2 packs of MK Oil ONLY – N12,000
Libiron + MK-OIL ( BOTH ) - N20,000
Here 's what to send to us… 1 . Your Full Name
2 . Your Phone Number ( s )
3 . Delivery Address
4 . Product Code ( Libiron , oil , Both ) Send This Information as a text message to 080-94408-649 NOTE : Your address Must Include Local Government and State . Detailed Enough to make it traceable by our courier company that will come around to deliver to you . You will get a sms and call from us within 24 hours to confirm your order before we send it across to you . DELIVERY TIME ! Once you get a call from us to confirm your order details your product would be sent to our courier partner and should get to you within 2-5 working days . If you have any question about this , Kindly Put a call Across to 080-94408-649
That is all you have to do , you get your man-hood to the size you have always dreamt of , and last longer than you ever imagined .
Dont slack , hence you might lose out .
Regards ,
~Peter Adeyemi
080-94408-649
Donna Yanda has been a fixture in the Yukon community for many years .
However , when people bring up their name , most think of “ Donna Yanda , the owner and director of Yanda & Son Funeral Home and Cremation Services ” or “ Donna Yanda , the Yukon city council member , ” but not many think of “ Donna Yanda , the former Oklahoma State University women 's basketball star . ”
Part of that is because when they were draining jump shots for the Cowgirls , their name was Donna Ridling , but the majority of the reason is because Yanda does n't seek out fame or recognition for their accomplishments while going to school in Stillwater .
Yanda was a four-year starter for the Oklahoma State women 's basketball team from 1974-1978 . They hold the record for the most points scored in a single game ( 51 points against Tulsa Feb. 24 , 1978 , as a senior ) and the most field goals made in a single game ( 24 field goals in that same game against Tulsa ) .
The 5-foot-9 forward was a sharp-shooter from the outside , but they played for the Cowgirls before there was a three-point line , so their point total could have been much higher if they had played with the modern-day rules .
Yanda is 11th all-time in Oklahoma State women 's basketball history in points scored with 1,573 . They are seventh all-time in points per game for their career with 15.9 and they are 11th all-time in field goals made with 543 . For their career , Yanda shot 45 percent from the field .
During their four-year career in Stillwater , Yanda scored 30 or more points five times . They also showed tremendous durability . They only missed two games in four years because of badly sprained ankles .
Them senior campaign at OSU was the 1977-1978 season . It was their best all-around year . Yanda is fourth all-time in field goals made in that season with 264 . They are fifth all-time in points scored in that season with 617 and they are eighth all-time in points per game that season with 20.9 .
Yanda was not just a scorer for the Cowgirls . They also are a fierce rebounder . They are seventh all-time in rebounds per game for their career with 7.6 and 13th all-time in total rebounds with 603 .
Yanda began playing basketball in fourth grade . They were born and raised in Sentinel and said they fell in love with basketball from the moment they started playing .
“ I grew up in a small town and the big sports there were basketball , baseball and softball , ” Yanda said . “ We did n't have football . All I wanted to do was be outside playing basketball all the time . ”
Yanda began playing basketball competitively in fifth and sixth grade .
“ I had really good coaches along the way , ” Yanda said . “ And I had a very encouraging and supporting family . I grew up on a farm , so we had that work ethic instilled in us at a very young age . I was blessed to be surrounded by really good players and that helped a lot with our success we had . ”
That success manifested itself into a state championship run in 1973 when Yanda was a junior in high school . Sentinel won the Class A championship , and they were a key part in the team 's run to a title . Them teams made it to the state tournament all three seasons that they played on the high school team .
“ We had a very demanding coach , ” Yanda said . “ He wanted to bring out the best in us and they did that . We won the state championship in the fairgrounds Arena in Oklahoma City and that was a great experience . ”
One of the adjustments Yanda had to make before they moved on to play college basketball was the switch from 6-on-6 to 5-on-5 . At that time , high school girls basketball was playing 6-on-6 .
“ It was n't a huge adjustment for me , ” Yanda said . “ We had to play a little more defense when we went to 5-on-5 in college but I was a shooter and that did n't change at all . ”
At the time , the recruiting process for women was different than it is today . There were no scholarship opportunities for women . Several colleges reached out to Yanda about playing basketball for them but they had always wanted to go to Oklahoma State . They had made the decision to attend school at OSU when the women 's basketball coach called them and asked them if they were interested in playing hoops for the Cowgirls . They started immediately as a true first-year student .
“ It was a win/win situation for me , ” Yanda said . “ I was able to go to OSU for school and I had the opportunity to play basketball all four years I was there . ”
The NCAA started to allow athletic scholarships to women when Yanda was a sophomore , so they were one of the first women to receive a scholarship at Oklahoma State . It was n't a full ride , but it helped pave the way for future female athletes across the nation .
“ It was a start to the process , ” Yanda said . “ We laid the groundwork for what they have today . It was challenging at first when I to OSU . I had 29 in my graduating class in high school and then I get to Oklahoma State and we have 600 students in our speech class . The first semester was an adjustment , but it was a great experience . ”
Scholarships were n't the only improvements Yanda saw during their career in Stillwater . In their first three years , when they traveled , they took vans but their senior year they were allowed to fly to certain places .
Also , their first-year student season , the women 's hoops team had to play in the Colvin Center , but their sophomore year , they were able to start playing in the historic Gallagher-Iba Arena .
Yanda said their two most memorable games came against in-state opponents .
“ The Tulsa game where I scored 51 points and then I think I played my best overall game against OU in the Lloyd Noble Center when I was a senior , ” Yanda said .
Yanda received their degree from Oklahoma State in journalism and public relations , but they went into insurance sales after college until they met their future husband , Anton Yanda III . The couple got married in 1988 but they had started to help out at Yanda & Son Funeral Home and Cremation Services in 1987 . They continued to help part time until 1992 , when they started working full time in the funeral business .
Anton passed away in 2005 and they took over as owner and director of Yanda & Son Funeral Home and Cremation Services . At the time , they did not have a license , so at 49 , they decided to go back to school at the University of Central Oklahoma to the four-year funeral services program and receive their license .
In 2013 , Yanda became a Yukon city council member . They came to Yukon in 1998 and is supportive of the local athletes .
“ My husband was born and raised here , ” Yanda said . “ I am very supportive of Yukon and Yukon athletics . It 's a very special place with tremendous people . ”
Yanda said they make it back to Stillwater on occasion for reunions with their former teammates and old friends .
“ We are all proud that we helped pave the way for young women in sports today , ” Yanda said . “ What they have now is incredible . ”
Yanda gives credit to their family for instilling the work ethic in them to be successful .
“ I have had one of the most supportive families anyone has ever had , ” Yanda said . “ They are the foundation for the success I was able to have at OSU and in the business world . They taught me to never give up on anything . I love what I do , I love Yukon and I love helping people . ”
Automotive NVH materials are called as automotive Noise , Vibration and harshness ( NVH ) materials which are used to reduced or control the sound and vibration of the vehicles particularly cars and trucks . Interior NVH is the noise and vibration experienced by occupants whereas exterior NVH is concerned with the noise radiated by vehicle . The increase in demand to reduce the noise and vibration in order provide comfort to user and government initiative to make safer and quieter vehicles followed by rise in sales of automotive vehicles drives the demand for automotive NVH materials market .
Get Research Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/automotive-nvh-materials-market.html
Automotive NVH Materials Market : Segmentation
Based on materials type , automotive NVH materials can be segmented into rubbers , engineering resins , molded foam and others . Rubbers type accounted for major share of the NVH market and is likely to remain the dominant material type during the forecast period . Rubber based materials are easy to manufacturer and easily replaceable . Also they provide ideal noise insulation and vibration damping . Rubbers have high density due to which they are widely accepted as sound absorbing material in automotive industry .
Based on vehicle type , automotive NVH materials are segmented into passenger cars , Light Commercial Vehicles ( LCV ) and Heavy Commercial Vehicles ( HCV ) .Passenger cars accounted for prominent share in the NVH materials market and likely to remain the dominant market during the forecast period . Change in lifestyle and increase in middle class income coupled with supporting financial schemes for purchasing cars have contributed the increase in sales of passenger cars especially in developing countries . All these factors has fueled the demand for automotive NVH materials . Also increase in use of electric and hybrid cars in near future due to environmental regulations is also anticipated to drive the demand for automotive NVH materials during the forecast period .
Based on application , automotive NVH materials can be segmented into absorption and insulation . Demand for absorption segment contributed major market for automotive NVH materials in 2016 and likely to remain the dominant market during the forecast period . Absorption in automotive is related to sound and vibration absorption . Automotive manufacturers are designing vehicles in order to give customer comfort and smooth ride . Hence , they are increasing the use of sound and vibration absorption materials in the passenger cars and also in LCV and HCV .
Automotive NVH Materials Market : Region-wise Outlook
Based on region , the automotive NVH materials market can be segregated into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Latin America , and Middle East & Africa . In terms of consumption , Asia Pacific held major share of the automotive NVH materials market in 2016 . It is likely to remain the dominant region during the forecast period . Asia Pacific is largest producing and consuming region in automotive . Countries such as China , India and Japan are considered as global automotive hub with presence of large number of automotive and auto component manufacturers . All these are major factors which are anticipated to drive the demand for automotive NVH materials during forecast period . After Asia Pacific , North America is anticipated to held major share during the forecast period . Reviving automotive industry in U.S. and increase in preference towards hybrid cars and electric cars are the major factors which are contributed to drive the NVH materials market in North America . Europe region is also anticipated to grow at moderate rate compared to other regions , whereas Middle East & Africa and Latin America are expected sluggish growth rate owing to political instability in some of the leading countries in these regions
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=42716
Automotive NVH Materials Market : Key Players
The automotive NVH materials market is fragmented with presence of a large number of manufacturers . Prominent manufacturers of NVH materials includes 3M Company , BASF SE , Borgers AG , The Dow Chemical Company , Mitsui Chemicals Inc. and many others at regional level .
About us :
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research , customized research , and consulting services . TMR 's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical , chemicals and materials , technology and media , food and beverages , and consumer goods , among others . Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts , competitive landscape , detailed segmentation , key trends , and strategic recommendations .
Contact us :
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
HIGHLANDVILLE , Mo . ( AP ) — A Missouri man faces several charges accusing them of aiming a gun at a deputy before being caught with dozens of stolen firearms .
The Springfield News-Leader reports that 33-year-old Jason Roy Anderson of Boonville is held without bond following their arrest on Thursday in southwestern Missouri .
Christian County Deputy Lachlan Hicks was conducting traffic enforcement on Highway 65 when a pickup truck sped by and drove erratically before being stopped .
A probable because statement says Anderson emerged from the truck and pointed a .22-caliber rifle at Hicks ' car . The weapon apparently jammed at some point . It was unclear if any shots were fired . The deputy was not hurt .
The suspect was subdued with a stun gun . Police say they found 53 firearms and 5,000 rounds of ammunition in the truck .
( WSVN ) - There is still time to craft the perfect final away message before AOL 's groundbreaking Instant Messenger signs off forever .
AOL announced Friday that the instant messaging service will come to an end on Dec. 15 . It first debuted back in 1997 .
The program , which millions knew as AIM , was wildly popular before text messaging took the world by storm .
AOL thanked all of its buddies for making chat history in a tweet .
All good things come to an end . On Dec 15 , we 'll bid farewell to AIM . Thank you to all our users ! # AIMemories https : //t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM ( @ aim ) October 6 , 2017
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Unless you are living on another goddamn planet , you 've heard Kate Middleton blessed the world with a third royal baby yesterday . Everyone was thrilled , from the British public to the entire internet to the royal family themselves , as confirmed in a statement from Kensington Palace . In said statement , though , everyone in William 's immediate family was mentioned ... except for Meghan Markle .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Queen , The Duke of Edinburgh , The Prince of Wales , The Duchess of Cornwall , Prince Harry and members of both families have been informed and are delighted with the news . — Kensington Palace ( @ KensingtonRoyal ) April 23 , 2018
But that 's exactly why Meghan was left off the announcement , royal expert Marlene Koenig told BAZAAR.com : she 's not family yet . `` She is not a relative at this time , '' they explained . `` Meghan is Harry 's fiancée , but is not yet Auntie Meghan . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Koenig further clarified : '' If the baby had been born after the wedding , Meghan would certainly have been included . It is not a snub . ''
So let 's put aside all assumptions that this was a big , awkward deal and focus on the fact that `` Auntie Meghan '' has such a cute ring to it . Also , can you imagine being George , Charlotte , and 3 's `` auntie ? '' Oh my god ! The dream ! Of course , George would likely resent you for no reason other than that they wanted to , but they would still love you deep down and to be loved by George is a feat above all else ! ! Auntie Meghan ! ! Eeeeeeee ! ! !
Follow Tess on Twitter .
The typical stereotype of B2B customers is changing , says company 's sales boss
Samsung B2B is targeting the premium smartphone industry as the sector anticipates growth of three per cent in 2018 .
With an estimated 6.4 million B2B smartphone sales in the UK in 2017 , 2.4 million were premium , which equated to just over a third . Samsung owned 26 per cent share of this premium market .
Speaking at the Data Select Platinum Club , Samsung head of indirect channel sales Graeme Good told prospective dealers in attendance about the drive towards generating more premium sales .
Good said : “ We 're increasingly seeing B2B customers being more receptive and open to buying premium devices . The traditional stereotype of B2B customers not investing in high-end phones is no longer the case . ”
Samsung experienced more than 20 per cent growth in revenue last year in the B2B channel , with the premium flagship at the time , the S8 , selling more than 200,000 units since it launched .
Good added : “ We do expect to see growth in the premium segment again this year and we 're increasingly having to work hard to ensure we 're growing our share the way we have in previous years . ”
One particular area of the Samsung portfolio that has been popular in B2B has been the tablet market , with more than 150,000 sold last year .
With the UK the number one performing country for sales of the Tab Active 2 , Good expects the success to continue and for sales to double over the next year .
“ We 're the number one European country for sales of the Tab Active 2 . We 've forecasted that we 're going to double sales of this product over the next 12 months . It 's a really niche product that is a real differentiator in the tablet market . ”
Samsung Service Anywhere
Samsung also wants to drive more premium sales by offering its customers Samsung Service Anywhere which is a “ break fix ” repair service which can be taken as either a two or three year option .
Customers will benefit from a support solution that is “ tailored ” to their needs , according to Samsung indirect B2B account director Zoe Pullen , with approximately 70 repair centres located across the country .
Pullen said : “ Having various logistical areas around the country makes it a quicker , easier turnaround and it is something that can take pain away from the customer . ”
The service portal is accessible to all end users to build and manage the device and has been designed to take away the need for support from IT teams .
Samsung customers will be able to make the most of the repair and replacement service that is offered through four different stages including advanced replacement , collect and repair , in-store repairs and Service Anywhere and screen repair .
According to Pullen , the repair and replacement service not only solves any issues but also takes away the hassle for businesses in dealing with repairs .
“ It 's hands-on help that fixes issues and it 's taking the pain away from businesses . ”
Pullen also discussed Samsung Capital , a finance plan that helps dealers to make devices more accessible and affordable to customers .
Samsung Capital allows users to free up some cash flow and have top-end devices accessible to them as well as selling additional hardware and enhanced solutions such as Knox solutions .
The finance payment options are split into four structures including minimum , fixed term , hire purchase and operating lease , with the minimum value starting at £25,000 .
Pullen said : “ We 're selling more devices , services and accessories and this can be a further additional revenue channel for businesses .
“ It will also shorten the device refresh cycle with people keeping their phones current and will also cement those customers for future contracts . ”
Court records show that a mother jailed in Las Vegas and accused of concealing the death of a child whose body was found in the garage of an abandoned St. Louis-area house is sought on criminal charges in two Illinois counties .
Documents obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press show that 35-year-old Elizabeth Odell-Quate was jailed June 6 on a felony forgery warrant issued in June 2016 in St. Clair County , Illinois .
They and their husband , Jason Scott Quate , now also face felony charges in Belleville , Illinois , of concealing the girl 's body .
Documents show Odell-Quate is named in a warrant issued on a larceny charge in December 2015 in Madison County , Illinois .
The sheriff 's office in Edwardsville , Illinois , told authorities in Las Vegas that their extradition was n't sought in that case .
By Monsuru Olowoopejo & Chris Onuoha
WITH the persistent attacks by herdsmen in Nigeria , Governor Rauf Aregbesola of Osun State and human rights lawyer , Mr. Femi Falana , SAN , yesterday , urged state governors to take urgent steps at nipping the attacks in the bud , saying it was not the Federal Government 's duty to maintain law and order in states .
They argued that constitutionally , it was the responsibility of governors to maintain law and order in their states .
This came as Nobel laureate , Prof. Wole Soyinka , yesterday , said tackling corruption would address electoral rigging that has dented Nigeria 's democratic system .
Soyinka , Aregbesola and Falana spoke at the 60th birthday colloquium of the Executive Editor , The News/PM News , Mr. Kunle Ajibade entitled : “ A Brighter Future for Nigeria and how to get there . ”
Falana speaks
Mr. Falana cited sections from the 1999 constitution , saying it was not the responsibility of the Federal Government to prosecute anyone arrested for perpetrating murder in states but the sole function of State Governors to ensure suspect is arraigned .
Falana said : “ I am not saying anything radical ; this is in line with section 220 of the Nigerian Constitution . It is not the duty of the federal government to maintain law and order in your state . ”
Also , citing the case of the Benue State Governor , Samuel Ortom , who wept profusely over persistent killings in their state , they urged the governor to roll up their sleeves and act immediately .
Their words : “ A governor can not go to the television and cry of their people being killed , no . Under the 1999 constitution , section 214 , we did n't have a federal government police but a Nigerian police force , which shall be controlled , organised and supervised by the Nigerian police council , who are the members of the Nigerian Police Council , the president as Chairman , Inspector General of Police , the Chairman of the service commission and the 36 state governors . So we have a body where the governor continues to determine the fate of the police .
“ The president can not appoint the Inspector General of Police without seeking your consent or remove one but what has happened since 1999 , the governors have totally abdicated the responsibility of managing the Nigerian police force to the president .
“ That is why we are in this mess . We are in a republic where the Supreme Court has held that the governor of a state is not for decoration , you have the power to give instruction to the police , the only time they can disapprove your instructions is when they say please , I want to confirm from the President . ”
Aregbesola said : “ I want to align myself with all that had been said but I have to add one thing . We must not despair at all . The success of any African country , as said by former Ghanaian president , will be nothing if it is not linked to the success of the people . ”
How to prevent poll rigging—Soyinka
Meanwhile , ahead of the 2019 general elections , Prof. Soyinka said : “ If we can solve issues of corruption , we will also be addressing cases of election rigging . This is because there is a direct nexus between that level of corruption and the degradation of democratic process that we have witnessed in the country .
“ If we had solved the cases properly , it would have helped curb corruption and solve the issue of democratic failure in Nigeria . ”
While narrating their experience before the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , EFCC , prosecuted former Inspector General of Police , Tafa Balogun , Soyinka hinted that they believed top echelon in the force were untouchable .
They said : “ Among those that I believe were untouchable before were the police but not those that were on the streets harassing and collecting money from people . I know that of all government institutions , the police were often involved in profiling corrupt persons . But the question that later baffled me was who then corrupted the police ? Who made sure that the agencies enforcing law were corrupt ?
“ And that was why when I met former EFCC chairperson , Malam Nuhu Ribadu after former IGP , Tafa Balogun was arrested , I emphasised that the job of fighting corruption does n't end with the person holding the money but also how they got the money or how the money got into their bank account . ”
Photo : John Salangsang / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Sam Smith has an Oscar , four GRAMMYs and two albums ' worth of their own music to perform . But when it comes time to sing karaoke , they do n't reach for “ Stay With Me ” or “ Latch ” —he 's all about Fifth Harmony .
Related : Sam Smith Shines with ‘ One Last Song ' Performance on ‘ Corden '
During a Tonight Show interview with Jimmy Fallon , Smith confessed that he 's uncompromising in their desire to get wasted and sing “ Work From Home ” before small crowds… whenever they find themselves in a situation where they have to sing karaoke .
“ I hate karaoke , ” Smith said . “ I do n't think karaoke works if you…can sing . ”
Nevertheless , Sam had a discography of choice . “ I 'd only ever do Fifth Harmony—ever—ever , ” they said .
Sam and the ladies of Fifth Harmony have a karaoke history . Last year , the girl group appeared during their segment of Carpool Karaoke with James Corden .
Watch Sam Smith discuss karaoke , what else they do for fun while out on the road and vacation with Jimmy Fallon here :
In an October 2017 interview with BuzzFeed News , Rapp said that when they were 14 and Spacey was 26 , the House of Cards actor made a sexual advance on them at a New York party in the 1980s .
Since then , at least 14 more men have come forward with their own Spacey allegations , while Spacey has been erased from projects or their future films have been shelved .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
By Babatunde Jimoh
The National Association of Nigeria Travel Agencies , NANTA , has been assured of the support of the presidency in projecting the country 's image .
Mr. Femi Adeshina , Special Adviser on Media to President Muhammadu Buhari , gave the assurance ahead of the association 's 42nd Annual General Meeting in Port Harcourt , Rivers State , next week .
Speaking while receiving NANTA 's President , Bankole Bernard , and their delegation at the villa , Adeshina lauded the association 's work to rid the travel trade business of corrupt practitioners .
They assured that the Federal Government will partner NANTA to create the necessary and enabling environment to drive the down-stream of the aviation sector as a major player in the sustainable economic and social development in the country .
Adeshina promised that President Buhari will be briefed about the association 's effort to check fraud in travel trade business .
Also , Chairman , Board of Directors of Niger Delta Development Commission , NDDC , Senator Ndoma Egba , said they will partner NANTA to drive rural cultural tourism in the Niger Delta region , promising to attend the conference , which has themed Symbiotic Relationship of Aviation and Tourism— A Key to Economic Sustainability . ”
On their part , Director-General , National Council for Arts and Culture , NCAC , Otunba Segun Runsewe , said NANTA will be rebranded to give new meaning culture as a business and enabler of rural development .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Melania Trump detests their husband Donald Trump and it shows . She 's given up on keeping up the appearance of a happy marriage and at this point , they just wants them to stay as far away from them as possible .
The most recent evidence that Melania is fed up with Donald Trump is this video of the president trying to hold them hand .
That moment when your wife resists holding your hand… PRICELESS . 🤣🤣 @ realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/hDpPddTv5C — BetsyBits ( @ BetsyBits ) April 24 , 2018
This would n't be the first time Melania curved their husband . Hit the flip for more times they proved they are n't here for him .
1 2 3 4 5 6Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Several homeowners at Granby Ranch have voiced concern after officials from Grand County briefly seized on Tuesday personal property owned by the two businesses that operate Granby Ranch Resort for failure to pay taxes on personal property .
Shortly after sheriff 's deputies moved to seize the property , Granby Ranch 's chief financial officer , Dustin Lombard , presented the county with a check covering delinquent personal property taxes . The property was then released back to Granby Realty Holdings , the resort 's real estate development company , and Granby Ranch Amenities , the resort 's management company that operates the ski hill and golf course .
The incident led to a whirlwind of local reaction and discussion as several homeowners of the Granby Ranch development expressed their feelings on the matter .
`` A lot of people have been burning up the phone lines to discuss this , '' said Nick Raible , Granby Ranch homeowner and Granby town trustee . `` I think it just happened so quickly . We all knew they were delaying payment on their taxes , developers do that , but they usually do n't wait until they get that kind of notice . ''
Raible highlighted concerns they and other area homeowners have regarding property values in light of the seizure .
`` Will this affect property values ? '' Raible wondered . `` I 'm not sure anybody really knows how it is going to affect us . ''
Recommended Stories For You
They noted their belief that property values in Granby Ranch , including on property they own , have been pretty flat over recent years , even as property values throughout the county have steadily climbed .
`` We are a little concerned we are not going up , as well , '' they said .
Raible further expressed concerns about the impacts the situation would have on the sense of community felt by homeowners in the development .
Other homeowners in the development were more pointed in their concerns .
Natascha O'Flaherty , an attorney who owns a home within the development , said Tuesday 's incident `` highlighted the financial woes of the developer . ''
`` I was stunned that the developer let the personal property taxes go to seizure , '' O'Flaherty told Sky-Hi News . `` Bad business practice , bad publicity and bad consequences . ''
O'Flaherty explained that they hope the events from this week will lead to homeowners of the development taking full control of the boards of the metropolitan districts in the development , which in turn controls management of the ski and golf amenities , according to O'Flaherty , which are currently controlled by the resort .
`` I would also like to see an experienced developer with financial stability to join the project to get more vertical development , '' they stated .
O'Flaherty sees the delinquent tax payments and corresponding property seizure as having `` very negative effects '' on home values , rentals and tourism over the short-term period .
`` Long-term , I am optimistic and hopeful that it [ Tuesday 's incident ] is a wake-up call and turning point for the Granby Ranch community , '' O'Flaherty stated . `` The financial realities of the developer and news of the last year make it more than obvious that running the ski and golf amenities is not a core competency of the developer . ''
Despite concerns about how Granby Ranch operations are managed , O'Flaherty said they still are happy that they and their family chose to invest in the development and that they love living in Granby Ranch .
`` Unfortunately , for property in Granby Ranch , I believe there are some additional factors that will slow and hamper growth , '' they added .
They highlighted a 2 percent transfer fee , lack of revenue for operations because of debt service payments , multiple layers of homeowners associations — and developer control of the `` master HOA '' — high water bills and high tax rates as impediments to growth .
`` That being said , I think we are at a turning point and homeowners can turn some of these issues around and provide a solid financial foundation for a very successful community . Thus , I am cautiously optimistic , '' they asserted .
As I wrote last week , I recently distilled my many years of teaching people how to get out of debt and stay out of debt into a five-step system called Dump That Debt ! My system is simple , easy to use , and highly effective . Best of all , anyone can use it to get out of credit-card debt , and , really , all debt , and the techniques it teaches can be applied to anyone — regardless of income , assets or the amount owed .
Unlike debt consolidation , which typically has an 80 percent-plus recidivism rate ( more than 80 percent of the people who use debt consolidation loans end up back in debt ) , my system teaches the user to think about spending money in a new way . Once the user has incorporated my techniques into their or their daily life , they are able to reduce and eventually completely eliminate their debts , and , most important , stay out of debt permanently .
This week , I will discuss the next step in my five-step system : prioritization/elimination/reduction . Once you 've created your budget , gathering all of your income and expenses , preferably for at least three months , and have included any quarterly or on-time annual expenses , etc. , you need to separate your expenses into necessities and discretionary expenses ( non-necessities ) .
Necessities are things you basically ca n't do without , or at least ca n't easily reduce or eliminate without a major disruption in your life — things like rent or a mortgage , food , utilities , fuel , insurance , etc . Discretionary expenses are those items that you buy each month and throughout the year that you do n't really need , but you want and like .
Once you have separated your necessities from your discretionary expenses , you will need to prioritize them — placint them in order from your least important expense to your most important expense . Do this for your necessities and for your discretionary expenses separately .
This process has two purposes . First , it forces you to think through each expense to decide if the expense is a true necessity or a discretionary item . One person 's definition of a necessity can differ from another 's . Second , it sets up the process of eliminating or reducing your spending by placing the expense that is the least important to you first , at the top , with the expenses increasing in importance as you move down the list .
After you have your expenses prioritized , you will want to start evaluating each expense , starting with the first one in the discretionary expenses category . Often those at the top are smaller things , such as coffee , newspapers , magazines , cigarettes , etc . These small items are very important because they do n't seem like a big deal , but they add up over time . Let 's take coffee as an example . If you spend $ 3.50 a day , five days a week on coffee , you are spending $ 17.50 a week , $ 70 per month , $ 840 a year , $ 4,200 in five years and $ 8,400 over 10 years .
The focus of this process is to go down the list to see which expenses you can eliminate . Maybe , if coffee is on the list , you can make it at home , or grab a cup at the office . If cigarettes are on this list , maybe this is the time to quit , and having the added incentive of getting out of debt can help you stick to it !
Work through each expense in the discretionary category and determine which , if any , you can eliminate . Since these are all non-necessities , it should not be that difficult to cut out some of these completely .
If you evaluate an expense , but you do n't think you can completely eliminate it , consider reducing it . Maybe you can get a cup of coffee every other day . Or , if you drink more than one cup a day , maybe you can cut that back to just one . Go through each discretionary expense and try to eliminate or at least reduce each one . The ones at the top of the list will be easier to address , since you placed them in order from least important to most important .
Hopefully , after going through your list , you will find that you have extra cash left over each month . That extra cash is the key to getting out of debt ! Any extra cash you have should be applied to your debt with the highest interest rate . Once that debt has been completely paid off , your extra cash should go to the next highest cost debt and so on .
If you find , after going through your discretionary expenses , that you still do not have enough extra cash left over each month to make an impact on your debt , you will need to use the prioritization/elimination/reduction strategy with your necessities . Things like rent or a mortgage are tough to reduce , but it can be done — move to a less expensive house or apartment . Combine trips or get a more fuel-efficient car . Go through your grocery list and reduce your food expenses . Get rid of cable TV . These are all tough things to do , but if you are deep in debt , and cutting discretionary expenses is n't enough , you will have to take more drastic steps to get your financial house in order .
Regardless of how much you owe , there is a way for you to get back on your feet financially . Some will have to work harder and longer than others , but if you develop a sound plan and stick to it , you will eventually overcome the burden on debt . It is up to you to take the first step .
— Craig Allen , CFA , CFP , CIMA , is president of Montecito Private Asset Management LLC and founder of Dump Your Debt . They have been managing assets for foundations , corporations and high-net worth individuals for more than 20 years and is a Chartered Financial Analyst ( CFA charter holder ) , a Certified Financial Planner ( CFP ) and holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst ( CIMA ) certification . They blog at Finance With Craig Allen and can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or 805.898.1400 . Click here for previous Craig Allen columns . Follow Craig on Twitter : @ MPAMCraig .
How should educators confront bigotry , racism and white supremacy ? The incidents in Charlottesville , Va. , this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events .
One teacher wondering aloud about their role is Derek Weimer . They taught James Alex Fields Jr. , the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving their car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend .
Weimer says they taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union , Ky. As NPR reported , they told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart :
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and did n't cause trouble . But they say the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy . Weimer says they did their best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought they had succeeded in doing so . On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville , Weimer said they felt that they failed as a teacher .
For 40 years , the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry . By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments , from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era , they hope `` to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power , '' says Roger Brooks , president and CEO . `` We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history . ''
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic , social and emotional gains in students . A time like this , says Brooks , is the ultimate teachable moment :
`` There 's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment . ''
Indeed , just hours after the attack , teachers were sharing resources online , and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter . Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year .
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white , while half of all students are people of color . Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism , particularly with younger children . Brooks suggests they start by making an `` identity chart '' . This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences .
Diverse books : Some teachers will introduce topics of racism , civil rights and diversity , especially to younger students , through books . Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change . Here is a second , broken down by grade level , by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year .
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice .
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism , as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city . There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend .
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students ' own moral dilemmas .
American Federation for Teachers president , Randi Weingarten , shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT 's Share My Lesson platform : on racial profiling and stereotyping , on civil rights and social justice , on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events .
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag # CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events . Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum .
To help make sense of the news , the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race , ethnicity and identity .
If you have more to add , we 'd love to hear from you @ npr_ed on Twitter .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/18KiO
Durham County discharged more than 1 million gallons of untreated wastewater from the wastewater collection system on Alexis Drive .
The leak was discovered on June 13 , but staff believe it had been leaking for about a week .
History has a tendency to repeat itself and Liam Rushe is at least hopeful of that . It 's about all the Dublin 's hurlers have to hope for in an otherwise daunting trip to Páirc Uí Rinn on Saturday evening .
Eight years ago , straight out of the minor grade , Rushe was dropped in at the deep end when Dublin played Cork down in Páirc Uí Chaoimh . Cork were in the midst of the infamous ‘ strike ' and largely understrength , yet Rush still played the proverbial blinder , scoring two goals . Still only 18 , they were later nominated as hurler of the month .
That was February 2009 , and eight years on , Dublin manager Ger Cunningham could do with something similar from the three minors he 's dropped deep into their panel this year : Paddy Smyth , Cian O'Sullivan and Donal Burke .
There will be no favours from their native county in a game which could significantly shape Division 1A . Another victory for Cork , who beat Clare in round one , would effectively secure them a quarter-final ; another defeat for Dublin , who lost heavily to Tipperary last Saturday night , and their campaign is effectively grounded .
Rushe is typically optimistic , even at the worst times , and continues to put on a brave front in the face of worrying times for Dublin hurling . It 's the reason Cunningham has retained them as Dublin captain for 2017 .
Still , chief among those worries is the absence of so many experienced players , who for a variety of reasons have stepped away : former captain Johnny McCaffrey , Paul Ryan , Shane Durcan , Peter Kelly , Niall Corcoran and Joey Boland are no longer involved , while the most glaring absentee is Danny Sutcliffe , the 2013 All Star , still only 24 , who opted out last year and has no intention of returning for 2017 either .
Another former Dublin star , Conal Keaney , told RTÉ last week that “ personalities really came into it ” and “ they [ Cunningham and Sutcliffe ] just clashed ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
Some of those players left quietly critical parting shots against the Dublin set-up .
“ I suppose it was difficult , for a couple of us , because it was players that we 'd soldiered with for years , ” says Rushe . “ I know they were directed at management but at the same time you would kind of feel it 's directed at the panel and the performances over the past couple of years .
Senior set-up
“ But we kind of closed the door on it at the end of November and we got the new panel together at the start of December , and from then on it 's just been a march forward . There has certainly been a massive panel change but the bones of the team of the past few years remain and these players , there 's obviously an increased onus on them to step up and guide along players who are in our senior set-up for the first time . ”
Rushe certainly has faith in the graduating minors , partly because they were there himself : “ They are obviously young , but you 're going to start at some stage . I was 18 , straight out of minor as well , the first year I came on and started making starts . So it 's great just to feel the buzz coming off them . They 're excited to be in , excited to see what the standard is like and set themselves against it .
“ It 's on them just to seize their opportunity . The year I came in it was something similar . Anthony Daly gave me a start , I think it was Dubs Stars , then Walsh Cup , and then league . So these lads have the same route to travel . Ger has given them the rope . It 's up to them to seize their opportunity . ”
Naturally absent too are the Cuala contingent , Cian O'Callaghan , Paul Schutte , Seán Moran , Oisín Gough , Darragh O'Connell , Jake Malone , Mark Schutte and David Treacy , all preparing for an AIB All-Ireland club semi-final against Slaughtneil on Saturday week . ( Along with the injured Eamonn Dillon , Cian Boland , Chris Bennett and Daire Gray , a minor last year ) .
Rushe believes Cuala 's progression can only be good for Dublin hurling in the long run : “ It would obviously have been nice to have them around , not even for playing purposes , just to integrate them into what is largely a new panel . But it 's great for Dublin hurling that Cuala are going so far , that we 've finally broken that Leinster barrier after I do n't know how many years . They 've a good run , an opportunity of getting to an All-Ireland final , so we 're all behind them .
“ There was also the fear there that you might not bring in new panel members and if you had the six or seven Cuala players , you might n't see as much of the new . I suppose I 'm an optimist but I look at it positively . ”
Should Dublin hurlers ' poor run continue in the long run , compared to the footballer 's enduringly impressive run , more players will inevitably drift towards football . Con O'Callaghan , the star of Cuala 's triumphant run in Leinster , has already indicated their intention to opt for football .
“ Look , the young players make their decision , ” says Rushe .
“ Personally I would have always gone with hurling just because I preferred it . If they are being swayed by the bright lights so be it . ”
Either way , it 's the turn of the Dublin hurlers to do some swaying under the lights of Páirc Uí Rinn .
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
One of my favorite methods of fishing is with “ soft baits. ” We commonly refer to them as soft plastic baits , but manufacturers now use a wide variety of materials in the making of these popular lures . The variety of shapes , sizes and added scents can overwhelm an angler looking to add them to their tackle box .
You can find these baits shaped like minnows , worms , frogs , lizards , bugs and many other shapes that resemble nothing found in nature . They can range in size from a fraction of an inch to over a foot long . Some come packed in liquid to add scent and others have no added smell or taste at all . How do you choose ?
John Prochnow , who is the Director of Product Innovation for Berkley Fishing , joined me on my radio show recently to shed light on what attributes to look for in soft baits . While soft plastic lures had been around for a while , in the late 1980s Berkley revolutionized this category of lures when they released Powerbait . It first showed up as dough that you molded onto a hook to catch trout . Berkley then began impregnating the formula into their soft plastic baits . Unlike the dough bait , Powerbait plastics did not emit tremendous amounts of scent into the water .
Fish were attracted to the product by its shape , action and color . When fish did bite it they would taste it and not let go . This gives anglers a better chance of sensing what is happening and time to set the hook . Powerbait became tremendously popular . The product development people at Berkley were not satisfied . They wanted a product that would also attract more fish with the scent and entice them to try and eat it .
Fast forward several years to the introduction of the Berkley Gulp products . Gulp used new materials and water based formula that emits tremendous amounts of scent to attract fish . In many applications these baits began to rival and even out fish live bait . I 'm sure you have heard me rave about the Gulp Minnow . But Gulp has its issues . If you leave it out too long it dries out and becomes unfishable . It also lacks the pliability of Soft Plastics like Powerbait . Fast forward , again , to last year , when Berkley introduced MaxScent Powerbait , A hybrid of Gulp and Powerbait , it is impregnated with water based scent yet it is pliable and wo n't dry out . At present it is only available in limited sizes and colors aimed mostly at bass anglers . I have fished with it and I am very impressed .
If you 're looking for baits that trigger a “ reaction strike ” with their shape an action Powerbait is a great choice and is available in a variety of shapes and colors . I love the Gulp product in situations where I would traditionally fish live bait . The Gulp Minnow is my favorite . I have been very successful fishing the new MaxScent Powerbait “ plastic worms ” for bass .
Soft baits are a fun and effective way to fish . They should be part of your fishing arsenal .
Follow Terry on Facebook at Terry Wickstrom Outdoors
Join Terry every Saturday morning at 10 a.m. for all your outdoor information on Terry Wickstrom Outdoors FM 104.3 The Fan .
Neighbors say Kessler started shooting , from inside their house , early Tuesday morning .
Homeowners were told to shelter in place and area schools went into lockdown .
Charges have not been filed yet .
— Northside-Jacksonville standout Kenny Dye and head coach Tony Marshburn were both honored as the North Carolina Basketball Coaches Association announced their 2018 All-State selections .
Dye was named first team All-State while Marshburn was named as the boy 's Coach of the Year .
ECU recruit Jayden Gardner of Heritage was also named to the first team . Shykeim Phillips of South Central and Imajae Dodd of Greene Central were named to the third team .
On the girl 's side , Nyjanique Langley of North Pitt was named to the first team .
Areon Laurent of Jacksonville was named to the second team , while their teammate , Kennedy Todd-Williams was a third team selection .
Here are the complete NCBCA all-state teams :
Boys Basketball
1st Team
Wendell Moore , Jr. ( Cox Mill )
Jayden Gardner ( Heritage )
Rechon Black ( Cox Mill )
Kenny Dye ( Northside-Jacksonville )
Jaden Springer ( Rocky River )
2nd Team
Jamarius Burton ( Independence )
Isaiah Bigelow ( Ben Smith )
Adrian Delph ( Kings Mountain )
Hunter Tyson ( Piedmont )
Daivien Williamson ( Winston-Salem Prep )
3rd Team
Shykeim Phillips ( South Central )
Jalen Cone ( Walkertown )
Imajae Dodd ( Greene Central )
Jaylen Alston ( Eastern Guilford )
Jaylen Richard ( Jordan )
Girls Basketball
1st Team
Elissa Cunane ( Northern Guilford )
Nyjanique Langley ( North Pitt )
Ahlana Smith ( Mallard Creek )
Jada McMillian ( Southeast Raleigh )
Elizabeth Kitley ( Northwest Guilford )
2nd Team
Alexandria Scruggs ( E.E . Smith )
Saniyah Rivers ( Laney )
Jo Snow ( Mount Airy )
Elana Ingram ( Roxboro Community )
Areon Laurent ( Jacksonville )
3rd Team
Kennedy Todd-Williams ( Jacksonville )
Evonna McGill ( Ashbrook )
Jessica Beckner ( Murphy )
Janiya Downs ( South Rowan )
Dazia Lawrence ( Mallard Creek )
Tenet Healthcare Corporation shares dropped 8.7 % in afternoon trade Monday and Community Health Systems shares dropped 7.5 % after rival hospital operator HCA Holdings Inc. warned of a first-quarter revenue and earnings miss . Tenet shares were valued at $ 15.95 and Community Health Systems shares were valued at $ 8.42 as of Monday afternoon . HCA Holdings stock dropped 2.7 % in afternoon trade after warning Monday morning that it expected earnings to come in at $ 1.74 per share , below the FactSet consensus of $ 1.79 . The company also said it expects revenue to come in at $ 10.6 billion , below the FactSet consensus of $ 10.7 billion . HCA Holdings attributed the results to changes in payer mix , meaning more patients have government insurance such as Medicare , which pays less than employer-sponsored plans . Investors appear to be concerned that those factors will have industry-wide effects . Hospital operator LifePoint Health Inc. shares fell just 1.3 % on Monday afternoon , and Universal Health Services shares slumped just 0.2 % , compared with a 0.6 % rise in the S & P 500 . Tenet shares have dropped 16.1 % over the last three months , and Community Health Systems shares have risen 18.1 % , compared with a 3.3 % rise in the S & P 500 .
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch , Inc .
Ubisoft is releasing a PS4 and Xbox One version of one of my favorite Assassin 's Creed games on Tuesday . Back in late 2014 , I raved about the marvelous Assassin 's Creed Rogue . Then , I 'd recommend it to anyone . Today ? It depends .
The game features Shay Cormac , an Assassin who becomes a Templar over the course of the game as they switch sides in the series-long factional fight . Rogue mixes action on land and combat on the water . Shay runs and fights through 18th century New York City as well as myriad towns and forests in the Hudson River valley and in snowy settlements and icy shipwreck in the north Atlantic . They also sail through the later two areas on an upgradeable combat ship .. The game has a short main campaign but has an enormous overall map filled with things to do ( read : things to find and people to kill ) .
The game was originally released for PS3 and Xbox 360 and later for PC . It has n't been changed much for the PS4 and Xbox One . The graphics have been shined up , but the gameplay is the same . It 's a $ 30 port that 's under 10GB to download .
So , is it for you ?
GIF
Advertisement
If you want to see development studios flexing creatively , check it out . Assassin 's Creed Rogue has the benefits of being a game released late in a console generation , allowing its creators to build on technology and gameplay systems made for preceding franchise games on consoles they 're now familiar with . These games often sparkle with extra creativity applied to story , spectacle , interactivity and setting . ( See also games like The Legend of Zelda : Majora 's Mask , God of War 2 , and GTA V. ) This one apes the acclaimed pirate-centric Assassin 's Creed IV Black Flag , what with its sailing across not one but two huge maps designed for land-based exploration and naval combat . It also flips many of the series ' gameplay systems over . In previous AC games , for example , you 're an assassin who might hide in a hay cart and then jump a Templar who passes by . In this one , you 're the Templar walking down the street , wary of assassins in hay carts or dropping down from rooftops .
If you sympathize with the Decepticons , the Sith or other fictional bad guy factions , you 'd probably like it . Not only do you play Rogue as a Templar who kills Assassins , but you get to see how entirely reasonable it may have been for an Assassin to become a Templar . Ample time is spent in the game exploring Assassin hypocrisy , flaws with Assassin philosophy and so on . The game 's writers seems to have a lot of fun with this .
Advertisement
If you 're into the AC games as an interlocking series , it is essential . The recent Assassin 's Creed Origins includes few overt mentions to other Assassin 's Creed games . Rogue is a parade of cameos of characters from Assassin 's Creed III , IV and Freedom Cry—both in its main historical missions but also in its modern day moments . There are even interesting connections to Assassin 's Creed Unity and shout-outs to other games in the series . To remaster nods to the two newer games in the series , Syndicate and Origins , with bonus outfits , but that 's a gimmick . Rogue 's connections to the asupervisorstioned other Creed games are meaningful ( matters of life and death , at times ! ) and integral to the series ' overall narrative .
If you prefer games where you can climb anywhere , probably avoid .
Horizon Zero Dawn notwithstanding , 2017 was the year of open-world games that let you climb any damn surface you please . You could scale anything in the overworld of The Legend of Zelda : Breath of the Wild and can do nearly the same in Assassin 's Creed Origins . You ca n't in earlier AC games like Rogue , which is frustrating . Bright side : it forces you to play the game a little like it is a puzzle platformer , looking for the climbing lanes that the game 's creators have hidden into its abundant wilderness . Many of those lanes are cleverly laid out and fun to scramble through .
If you do n't like the modern day stuff , avoid . The more extensive an Assassin 's Creed ' game 's modern day sequences , the happier I am . Do n't hold it against me and take solace that Ubisoft does n't seem to co-sign . Ubisoft nearly zeroed out the modern day stuff for 2014 's Unity and 2015 's Syndicate and only offered about an Assassin 's Creed 1 's worth of modern day gameplay in last year 's Origins . Rogue , however , is stuffed with modern day . Within a half hour of starting , you 're warped out to the modern day part of the game . As in Black Flag , you play the modern sequences in first-person as an employee who works for Abstergo Entertainment , the Ubisoft-like game development studio overseen by the Templars . Abstergo turns the historical adventures of the AC series into video games , allowing for lots of references to the other games . You do n't have to spend a lot of time in the modern day . You can quickly leap back into the main action of the past , but lingering in the modern day in order to hack computers , read e-mails and find audio logs will provide new story developments and also provide the Templar perspective on many of the major characters from past franchise games .
Advertisement
If you have n't 100 % ed the game but are hungry for more Assassin 's Creed , you should give it a shot : I 've logged some 38 hours in the game . That 's about two dozen hours after I finished the game 's short main story . There 's that much other stuff to do in it , from ship battles , to finding cave paintings , to optional hunts , to exploration of shipwrecks , fort sieges , and a whole lot of turning the tables on assassins . It 's a very fun game made by deft designers who even hide the game 's collectibles in places that are usually interesting to access .
If you 100 % ed it already , probably skip : I really , really like Rogue . I recommend it to everyone who has n't played it . But those 38 hours were enough . Remastered does n't add much , from what I could tell from the first couple of hours . A revisit to Assassin 's Creed II or III might make me nostalgic and not mind that I 'd be replaying stuff , but Rogue was n't out that long ago . Some of us might still be busy trying to do every sidequest and find every collectible in Origins .
POSSESSION : Doorslammers player Angela O'Mara , with ball , continued their top form in Warwick netball this week .
NETBALL : Scots beat Doorslammers 31-26 in this week 's round of Warwick Netball Association fixtures .
The win has moved Scots to four points behind Doorslammers in the battle for fourth after round 13 of competitive fixtures .
After the end of fixtures in mid August , the top four will play off for the A-grade trophy while the fifth-placed team will go into the B-grade finals series .
Last year , Ravens won B-grade and still have a lead in A-grade this season . Jacinta Keogh ( Ravens ) and Ashleigh McLean ( The Heat ) were outstanding in one of the early games in the competitive grade .
One more round remains before senior fixtures go into recess for the fortnight of the school holidays .
Scores
Competitive Fixtures
Scots 31 d Doorslammers 26
Ravens 50 d The Heat 15
Hazzards 42 d Red Frogs 7
Confro 48 d Insync 19
Social Fixtures
Renegades 32 d Gettin Plastered Gals 18
Stylistics 39 d Shoot & Scoot 20
Fruit Tingles 34 d Roughies 23
Killara Cruisers 26 d Tradie Ladies 15
Strikers 43 d Hot Shots 14
Points Table
Competitive Fixtures Points after Round 13
49 Ravens
44 Confro
44 Hazzards
31 Doorslammers
27 Scots
24 The Heat
19 Insync
12 Red Frogs
Social Fixtures Round 15
53 Renegades
48 Strikers
39 Stylistics
35 Fruit Tingles
34 Bandits
33 Hot Shots
29 Gettin Plastered Gals
29 Killara Cruisers
25 Tradie Ladies
17 Shoot & Scoot
8 Roughies
NEWS REPORT : All teams and seedings for the four European club competitions will be announced on 10 July
European Cup draw to take place on 17 July
Following the VELUX EHF Champions League Group Phase and the Women 's EHF Champions League Group Matches Draw event last week another draw date is approaching . On Tuesday 17 July the European club competitions draw will take place in Vienna as the first two playing rounds in each of the four cups will be determined .
When it comes to the number of participating teams the biggest draw event of the season will start with the Women 's Challenge Cup , followed by the Men 's Challenge Cup and the Women 's EHF Cup . The Men 's EHF Cup will conclude the event .
All teams interested in taking part in the new season of one of these four competitions had to register by Tuesday 3 July . Already next week on 10 July the European Handball Federation will release all the confirmed teams and seeding lists for all the cups .
TEXT :
A serving life prisoner may have jeopardised their chances of being released on parole after they were caught in prison with a prohibited mobile phone .
Chesterfield magistrates ' court heard on Monday , June 12 , how Sentuhurrah Thavapalasingam , 30 , was caught with the Samsung phone at Derbyshire 's HMP Sudbury open prison .
Prosecuting solicitor Angela Hadfield said : “ It was about 8.30pm , on June 10 , when the prison officer saw the defendant about to leave the West wing exit after a roll call .
“ Prisoners know they can not exit wings after 8.30pm until 7.30am and they were asked why they were leaving the dorm and they got them to stop to carry out a rub-down search .
“ The defendant said , ‘ Are you for real ? ' . The phone and the USB cable were located . ”
The court heard how Thavapalasingam was sentenced to life imprisonment in 2008 and they are due for possible parole in 18 months .
Thavapalasingam pleaded guilty to possessing the phone after the incident on June 10 which they were prohibited from doing under the Prisons Act .
Defence solicitor Julie Page said : “ He had been almost a model prisoner and that is why they are at Sudbury prison . ”
They explained that in March the defendant was due to start home leave with family coming from Sri Lanka but that was cancelled and their mother has been diagnosed with cancer and they had wanted to Skype them because they may never see them physically again .
District Judge Andrew Davison said : “ Phones and custody do n't mix . There are far too many disciplinary cases being brought involving people using phones who can be supporting criminal activities such as drugs . ”
However , they accepted this case revolved around the tragic circumstances of the defendant 's mother .
District Judge Davison sentenced Thavapalasingam to six months of custody to run concurrently with their existing sentence but warned the offence could have implications on whether they will be released or not when they are considered for parole .
Thavapalasingam was also ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge .
Skoda did its bit to cut the carbon footprint of the motoring world as it launched its first electric drive concept car ahead of the Shanghai motor show . On monday morning it presented the new Skoda Vision E concept via a virtual reality app , saving us all a trip halfway around the world to see a parked car .
To view the new concept you grabbed a Google Cardboard headset or something similar and immersed yourself in the Czech firm 's vision of the future .
For all the whizzbang wonder of virtual reality , letting you twirl the car around and view from multiple angles before getting in and going for a virtual spin , the Vision E is more than a futuristic concept . This car , in a slightly different guise , will make it onto our roads in the very near future , and Skoda promises electric models on Irish forecourts by 2019 .
The Vision E 's target is the insatiable demand for crossovers and this model will fit in below the new Kodiaq and just above the current Yeti .
Rivals will be worried . For a start , the new Kodiaq is barely on our roads a matter of weeks but already reports are filtering through that orders are flying . Irish family buyers are abandoning the boxy people carriers in favour of these crossover formats . The new Skoda offers a brand Irish buyers consider well-priced with a functional seven-seat format and at a competitive price . It 's a recipe for success and it 's clearly suiting Irish motoring tastes .
So the Vision E could be earmarked for similar success . For now it 's also acting as the platform for the Czech 's electric ambitions . As part of the VW Group , the firm benefits from access to the motoring behemoth 's research and development , so much of the underpinnings are the work of Group engineers rather than simply Skoda ones .
The Vision E concept features two electric motors with a total power output of 225KW , a range of up to 500 km thanks to powerful lithium-ion batteries and intelligent brake energy recovery . It also features mid-level autonomous driving technology . This will mean self-driving functions on pre-selected routes .
Like the Vision E , this is a firm signal of production intent . According to the firm , by 2025 one in every four newly registered Skoda cars will be plug-in hybrids or have a purely electric drive system . That 's not exactly an electric revolution - three in four will still be petrol or diesel - but it does show the firm is preparing for the gradual electric wave .
The car itself measures in at 4,688 mm in length ; 1,924mm in width ; standing at a height of 1,591 mm ; with a wheelbase 2,851 mm .
The exterior design bears a remarkable similarity to crossover design concepts from Tesla , though slightly more coupe-like in the silhouette . A smart LED lighting strip runs the entire width of the vehicle , with narrow , triangular headlights in a crystalline look and Matrix LED technology and rear-hinged rear doors .
The interior is spacious and due to the concept , the transmission tunnel is omitted in the front and rear providing more width .
According to Raymond Leddy , head of marketing at Skoda Ireland : “ The Vision S for example was followed quickly by the Kodiaq which has become an instant success . Now the Vision E concept gives us a glimpse of what Skodas first ever electric car will look like .
“ One of these exciting innovations include wireless charging using a floor panel , which takes just 30 minutes to reach 80 per cent of the battery 's capacity . Skoda customers can look forward to driving our fully electric cars on Irish roads by 2019 . ”
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct before they took office spoke out Monday as America 's watershed # MeToo moment continues to unfold .
Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks , speaking together on `` Megyn Kelly Today , '' described separate interactions with the president in years past , with one of the allegations dating back several decades .
Holvey said when they competed in Trump 's Miss USA pageant in 2006 , Trump came backstage unexpectedly when they and other contestants were wearing nothing but robes and they personally inspected the contestants .
“ I just felt so gross , ” they said . `` Just looking me over like I was a piece of meat . ”
“ Nobody dreams of being ogled when you 're a little girl wanting to wear a crown , '' they added .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump 'kept kissing me ' in Trump Tower , woman says : ' I was devastated ' 6:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Crooks said Trump forcibly kissed them multiple times during an interaction near an elevator bank in Trump Tower in 2005 while working for a third-party company .
“ He held onto my hand , and they kept kissing me , '' they said . Afterward , they ran into their boss ' office and said they called them sister .
`` And I was like , ' I do n't know what just happened but I felt horrible , ' '' they said .
Leeds alleged that more than three decades ago during a flight Trump grabbed their breasts and tried to put their hand up their skirt .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Woman accusing Trump of groping her : ' I would like to see that he 's not Teflon ' 4:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Holvey said they were inspired to go public again as more and more women have spoken out about harassment in their own lives .
`` It was heartbreaking last year ... we 're private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there and try to show America who this man is and especially how they view women and for them to say 'Meh , we do n't care , ' it hurt , '' they said . `` And so now it 's just like , let 's try round two . The environment 's different , let 's try again . ''
The president has been accused by 16 women of sexual misconduct , allegations that they have forcefully denied . In a statement to NBC News Monday , the White House called the claims `` false '' and that `` the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory '' to Trump last year .
Netflix is reportedly trialling a new subscription service which would allow up to four devices to receive Ultra HD video and audio streaming simultaneously .
The online streaming service , which hiked prices in Ireland late last year , has reportedly rolled out the new offering to users in Italy .
The news was first reported by the technology blog Tutto Android , which said some users were being encouraged to sign up for the “ Ultra ” package for a price of between €16.99 and €19.99 . Users in other European countries also reported being invited to sign up for the new service .
Commenting on the various reports , a spokesperson for the company in Ireland said Netflix continually tested out new features .
“ In this case , we are testing slightly different price points and features to better understand how consumers value Netflix . Not everyone will see this test and we may not ever offer the specific price points or features included in this test , ” the spokesperson said .
Netflix , whose market capitalisation briefly surpassed that of the Walt Disney company earlier this year to become the most valuable media company in the US , raised the cost for two of its three main subscription plans in Ireland last October .
As a result of that , the company 's two-screen plan increased by €1 to €10.99 a month , while the cost of its four-screen plan rose by €2 to €13.99 a month .
A Supreme Court judgment could positively affect the rights of thousands of people from outside the European Economic Area who came to the State as students before 2011 and stayed on to work .
In a unanimous ruling on Tuesday , the seven judge court found that the Minister for Justice , before deciding ‘ change of status ' applications by two applicants from outside the EEA who came here on student visas , must consider their rights to private and family life under Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
Mr Justice John MacMenamin stressed the court 's judgement was based on the facts of the two appeals and requires only that “ consideration ” be given by the Minister to their Article 8 rights .
The State and Minister were entitled to impose conditions on entry to the State but the Minister must lawfully determine whether or not there has been compliance with conditions , they said .
An estimated 400 cases were awaiting the Supreme Court ruling which was welcomed by the Irish Human Rights and Equality Commission , involved in both cases as an assistant to the court on legal issues .
The judgment has implications for non-EEA people who came here as students before the government introduced a new study policy in 2011 that non-EEA students can only live here for a maximum seven years .
Brief extension
After the new policy was introduced , a transitional arrangement provided that those who came here before January 2011 and who wished to stay beyond seven years , were given a brief extension of their permission to apply for a work permit .
The State appealed findings of the Court of Appeal that , before determining “ change of status ” applications by the applicants , the Minister must consider their rights to private and family life under the Constitution and Article 8 of the ECHR .
A proposed refusal of the applicants permission to remain , made under Section 4.7 of the Immigration Act 2004 , which provides for renewl or variaiton of a permission , potentially interferes with their right to respect for private and family life under Article 8 , the court said .
Both applicants applied under Section 4.7 for permission to remain on the basis of “ change of status ” . They sought permission to change to Stamp 4 status , entitling them to work and social welfare payments .
The first appeal concerned Danibye Luximon , a dental practice co-ordinator , who was registered from 2006 on “ Stamp 2 ” conditions allowing their study and work on a limited basis . Them two daughters joined them here later in 2006 . After their permission to remain on Stamp 2 expired in 2012 , the Minister refused to let them remain on Stamp 4 conditions .
Refused
The second appeal concerns Taswin Balchand who came here in 2006 and registered to study . They married Chandrika Gopee in 2008 , they came here from Mauritius shortly afterwards and their son was born here in 2009 . The couple 's “ Stamp 2 ” permissions were regularly renewed until 2013 after which they were refused a Stamp 4 permission .
Mr Justice MacMenamin found the manner in which the Minister sought to apply Article 4.7 in both cases was unlawful .
These applicants lawfully came here a number of years ago and remained without objection until 2011 , when the law changed , they noted . Their long-term residence here , although conditional , required their Article 8 rights should have been considered when the Minister was considering their applications for variation or renewal of their entitlements .
There was no statutory basis for how the Minister used Section 4.7 in refusing their applications , they ruled .
The Minister 's deicisons in these cases had the effect of expulsion orders and their interpretation of Section 4.7 , and its consequences , would be contrary to public policy and might well necessitate that applicants under the Section would be constrained to act in an unlawful manner , the judge held .
RIYADH - Saudi Arabia on Tuesday said it has delayed by three days the launch of an `` entertainment city '' near Riyadh , part of a series of multi-billion dollar projects as the oil-reliant kingdom seeks to diversify .
King Salman had been scheduled on Wednesday to launch construction of the 334-square kilometre project in Qiddiya , southwest of Riyadh , touted as the kingdom 's answer to Disneyland .
`` King Salman will inaugurate next Saturday the Qiddiya project , which is the new entertainment , sports and cultural destination in the kingdom , '' the state-run Saudi Press Agency said , without explaining the delay .
Construction for the first phase of development , which would include high-end theme parks , motor sport facilities and a safari area , is expected to be completed in 2022 , officials say .
The facility highlights a `` relentless effort to develop giga-projects that will help achieve many direct and indirect economic returns '' , project official Fahd bin Abdullah Tounsi was quoted as saying in a government statement on Monday .
Qiddiya chief executive Michael Reininger has said the project in the entertainment-starved kingdom is expected to draw foreign investment , but gave no figures .
Saudi Arabia has dazzled investors with plans for three hi-tech `` giga projects '' , funded in part by its sovereign wealth fund , but sceptics question their viability .
Aside from Qiddiya , the kingdom has unveiled blueprints to build NEOM , a mega project billed as a regional Silicon Valley , in addition to the Red Sea project , a reef-fringed resort destination -- both worth hundreds of billions of dollars .
Such projects are the brainchild of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , architect of a sweeping reform programme dubbed `` Vision 2030 '' .
The reforms stem partly from a motive to boost domestic spending on entertainment as the kingdom has been reeling from an oil slump since 2014 .
Saudis currently splurge billions of dollars annually to see films and visit amusement parks in neighbouring tourist hubs like Dubai and Bahrain .
In February , Saudi Arabia 's General Entertainment Authority said it would stage more than 5,000 festivals and concerts in 2018 , double the number of last year , and pump $ 64 billion in the sector in the coming decade .
The Montecito Library will host its first-ever Star Wars Origami Workshop for those age 8 or older from 10:30 a.m. to noon Saturday , July 27 .
Come learn paper-folding projects from a galaxy far , far away . We will supply the paper and instruction to help you learn to transform paper into star fighters , light sabers , Yoda , R2-D2 and more .
All skill levels welcome . Pre-registration is required and may be done by calling the library at 805.969.5063 . The Montecito Library is located at 1469 East Valley Road in Montecito .
This program is sponsored by the Friends of the Montecito Library .
Click here for more information about programs and services through the Santa Barbara Public Library System . All library programs are free and open to the public .
— Jody Thomas is a supervisor for the Montecito Library .
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market . The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth , market demands , business strategies , consumption volume , market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025 . New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations , reliability and quality issues . The Prominent Manufacturers included Haifa Chemicals , Yara , Arab Potash Company , Omex , Everris , Bunge , SQM , UralChem , ICL Fertilizers , Sinclair , Grow More , EuroChem Group , Mosaicco , Nutrite , Aries Agro .
The Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly . The research report analyzes the market size , industry share , growth , key segments , CAGR and key drivers . In this part , the report presents the company profile , product specifications , capacity , production value , and 2013-2018 market shares for each company . Through the statistical analysis , the report depicts the global total market of Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer industry including capacity , production , production value , cost/profit , supply/demand and import/export . The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amino-acid-water-soluble-fertilizer-market/10144/ # requestforsample
The Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market , market shares , and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers . The Porter 's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market . This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market , and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness , rate of development , and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost , revenue , volume delivered ( in kilo tons ) and the income it produces ( in US $ ) , demand and supply data ( as applicable ) . The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market Products Type Segmentation : Solid Fertilizer , Liquid Fertilizer .
Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market Applications Segmentation : Horticulture , Crop , Others .
Key Highlights of the Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market :
1 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
2 ) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments .
3 ) It depicts parameters such as production value , capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers .
4 ) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market .
5 ) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amino-acid-water-soluble-fertilizer-market/10144/ # inquiry
In the conclusion , The Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer market downstream consumer analysis , upstream raw materials , different types of equipment are concealed in the report . Research findings , conclusions , industry feasibility analysis , vendors and traders involved , appendix data and figures in the form of tables , graphs , and pie-charts .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Virginia Schad , PharmD
Diabetes Risk Associated With Cirrhosis , Not Chronic HCV Infection , in HIV+ Positive Patients
This article originally appeared here .
Share this content :
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Cirrhosis is associated with an increased risk for diabetes mellitus among patients living with HIV .
In patients infected with HIV , cirrhosis but not chronic hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) infection is associated with an increased risk for diabetes mellitus ( DM ) , according to a large , multicenter study published in Alimentary Pharmacology & Therapeutics .
Researchers in France prospectively followed 28,699 patients living with HIV for a mean duration of 12.4±7.9 years . Of these patients , 969 ( 3.4 % ) developed DM within a mean period of 11.0±6.4 years , yielding a rate ratio of DM of 2.74 cases per 1000 person-years of follow-up .
Four thousand four patients were coinfected with chronic HCV infection , and among these patients , 164 ( 4.1 % ) developed DM , which was a significantly higher rate than HIV monoinfected patients ( 4.1 % vs 3.2 % , P
​The recently published report titled ​United States Automotive Microcontrollers Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025 . It provides complete overview of the United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market considering all the major industry trends , market dynamics and competitive scenario .
The United States Automotive Microcontrollers Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market . It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions , market segmentation , end-use applications and industry chain analysis . The study on the United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends , recent developments in the market and competitive landscape . Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market , their company profiles , product portfolio , capacity , production , and company financials . In addition , report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis . Research study on the United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market also discusses the opportunity areas for investors .
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market .
Click Here To Get Request Sample : ​​http : //globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/360484
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client 's needs
Based on extensive research , we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here : Jay @ globalqyresearch.com or Sales @ globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market Report 2018
1 Automotive Microcontrollers Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Automotive Microcontrollers
1.2 Classification of Automotive Microcontrollers by Product Category
1.2.1 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market Size ( Sales Volume ) Comparison by Type ( 2013-2025 )
1.2.2 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market Size ( Sales Volume ) Market Share by Type ( Product Category ) in 2017
1.2.3 8-bit Microcontrollers
1.2.4 16-Bit Microcontrollers
1.2.5 32-Bit Microcontrollers
1.3 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market by Application/End Users
1.3.1 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market Size ( Consumption ) and Market Share Comparison by Application ( 2013-2025 )
1.3.2 Passenger Cars
1.3.3 Commercial Vehicles
1.4 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market by Region
1.4.1 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market Size ( Value ) Comparison by Region ( 2013-2025 )
1.4.2 The West Automotive Microcontrollers Status and Prospect ( 2013-2025 )
1.4.3 Southwest Automotive Microcontrollers Status and Prospect ( 2013-2025 )
1.4.4 The Middle Atlantic Automotive Microcontrollers Status and Prospect ( 2013-2025 )
1.4.5 New England Automotive Microcontrollers Status and Prospect ( 2013-2025 )
1.4.6 The South Automotive Microcontrollers Status and Prospect ( 2013-2025 )
1.4.7 The Midwest Automotive Microcontrollers Status and Prospect ( 2013-2025 )
1.5 United States Market Size ( Value and Volume ) of Automotive Microcontrollers ( 2013-2025 )
1.5.1 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales and Growth Rate ( 2013-2025 )
1.5.2 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Revenue and Growth Rate ( 2013-2025 )
2 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market Competition by Players/Suppliers
2.1 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers ( 2013-2018 )
2.2 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers ( 2013-2018 )
2.3 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Average Price by Players/Suppliers ( 2013-2018 )
2.4 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market Competitive Situation and Trends
2.4.1 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market Concentration Rate
2.4.2 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Players/Suppliers
2.4.3 Mergers & Acquisitions , Expansion in United States Market
2.5 United States Players/Suppliers Automotive Microcontrollers Manufacturing Base Distribution , Sales Area , Product Type
3 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales ( Volume ) and Revenue ( Value ) by Region ( 2013-2018 )
3.1 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales and Market Share by Region ( 2013-2018 )
3.2 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Revenue and Market Share by Region ( 2013-2018 )
3.3 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Price by Region ( 2013-2018 )
4 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales ( Volume ) and Revenue ( Value ) by Type ( Product Category ) ( 2013-2018 )
4.1 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales and Market Share by Type ( Product Category ) ( 2013-2018 )
4.2 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Revenue and Market Share by Type ( 2013-2018 )
4.3 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Price by Type ( 2013-2018 )
4.4 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales Growth Rate by Type ( 2013-2018 )
5 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales ( Volume ) by Application ( 2013-2018 )
5.1 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales and Market Share by Application ( 2013-2018 )
5.2 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales Growth Rate by Application ( 2013-2018 )
5.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities
6 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data
6.1 Analog Devices Inc
6.1.1 Company Basic Information , Manufacturing Base and Competitors
6.1.2 Automotive Microcontrollers Product Category , Application and Specification
6.1.2.1 Product A
6.1.2.2 Product B
6.1.3 Analog Devices Inc Automotive Microcontrollers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2013-2018 )
6.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.2 Infineon Technologies AG
6.2.2 Automotive Microcontrollers Product Category , Application and Specification
6.2.2.1 Product A
6.2.2.2 Product B
6.2.3 Infineon Technologies AG Automotive Microcontrollers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2013-2018 )
6.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.3 NXP Semiconductors
6.3.2 Automotive Microcontrollers Product Category , Application and Specification
6.3.2.1 Product A
6.3.2.2 Product B
6.3.3 NXP Semiconductors Automotive Microcontrollers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2013-2018 )
6.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.4 Cypress Semiconductors Corporation
6.4.2 Automotive Microcontrollers Product Category , Application and Specification
6.4.2.1 Product A
6.4.2.2 Product B
6.4.3 Cypress Semiconductors Corporation Automotive Microcontrollers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2013-2018 )
6.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.5 Maxim Integrated
6.5.2 Automotive Microcontrollers Product Category , Application and Specification
6.5.2.1 Product A
6.5.2.2 Product B
6.5.3 Maxim Integrated Automotive Microcontrollers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2013-2018 )
6.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.6 Toshiba Corporation
6.6.2 Automotive Microcontrollers Product Category , Application and Specification
6.6.2.1 Product A
6.6.2.2 Product B
6.6.3 Toshiba Corporation Automotive Microcontrollers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2013-2018 )
6.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.7 Texas Instruments Inc
6.7.2 Automotive Microcontrollers Product Category , Application and Specification
6.7.2.1 Product A
6.7.2.2 Product B
6.7.3 Texas Instruments Inc Automotive Microcontrollers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2013-2018 )
6.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.8 STMicroelectronics
6.8.2 Automotive Microcontrollers Product Category , Application and Specification
6.8.2.1 Product A
6.8.2.2 Product B
6.8.3 STMicroelectronics Automotive Microcontrollers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2013-2018 )
6.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.9 Rohm Semiconductor
6.9.2 Automotive Microcontrollers Product Category , Application and Specification
6.9.2.1 Product A
6.9.2.2 Product B
6.9.3 Rohm Semiconductor Automotive Microcontrollers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2013-2018 )
6.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.10 Renesas Electronics
6.10.2 Automotive Microcontrollers Product Category , Application and Specification
6.10.2.1 Product A
6.10.2.2 Product B
6.10.3 Renesas Electronics Automotive Microcontrollers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2013-2018 )
6.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.11 ON Semiconductors
6.12 Microchip Technology
7 Automotive Microcontrollers Manufacturing Cost Analysis
7.1 Automotive Microcontrollers Key Raw Materials Analysis
7.1.1 Key Raw Materials
7.1.2 Price Trend of Key Raw Materials
7.1.3 Key Suppliers of Raw Materials
7.1.4 Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials
7.2 Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure
7.2.1 Raw Materials
7.2.2 Labor Cost
7.2.3 Manufacturing Expenses
7.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Automotive Microcontrollers
8 Industrial Chain , Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
8.1 Automotive Microcontrollers Industrial Chain Analysis
8.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing
8.3 Raw Materials Sources of Automotive Microcontrollers Major Manufacturers in 2017
8.4 Downstream Buyers
9 Marketing Strategy Analysis , Distributors/Traders
9.1 Marketing Channel
9.1.1 Direct Marketing
9.1.2 Indirect Marketing
9.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend
9.2 Market Positioning
9.2.1 Pricing Strategy
9.2.2 Brand Strategy
9.2.3 Target Client
9.3 Distributors/Traders List
10 Market Effect Factors Analysis
10.1 Technology Progress/Risk
10.1.1 Substitutes Threat
10.1.2 Technology Progress in Related Industry
10.2 Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change
10.3 Economic/Political Environmental Change
11 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Market Size ( Value and Volume ) Forecast ( 2018-2025 )
11.1 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales Volume , Revenue Forecast ( 2018-2025 )
11.2 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales Volume Forecast by Type ( 2018-2025 )
11.3 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales Volume Forecast by Application ( 2018-2025 )
11.4 United States Automotive Microcontrollers Sales Volume Forecast by Region ( 2018-2025 )
12 Research Findings and Conclusion
13 Appendices
13.1 Methodology/Research Approach
13.1.1 Research Programs/Design
13.1.2 Market Size Estimation
13.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation
13.2 Data Source
13.2.1 Secondary Sources
13.2.2 Primary Sources
13.3 Disclaimer
To Purchase this Premium Report : http : //globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/360484
About Us :
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs . Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe . Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare , Information and Communication Technology ( ICT ) , Technology and Media , Chemicals , Materials , Energy , Heavy Industry , etc . With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports , we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs .
Contact Us :
Unit1 , 26 Cleveland Road , South Woodford , London , E182AN , United Kingdom
Contact : +44 20 3239 2407
The manhunt has widened for a murder suspect who police said posted a video of themselves on Facebook shooting an elderly man in Cleveland , US .
Authorities have appealed to the public for help in the case after urging the killer , a man named Steve Stephens , to turn themselves in .
Police said they have received “ dozens and dozens ” of tips for possible sightings of Stephens , and tried to persuade them to surrender when they spoke with them via their cellphone on Sunday after the shooting . But Stephens remained at large as the search for them expanded nationwide , police said .
“ Our reach now is basically all over this country , ” Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams told a news conference in Ohio 's second-largest city .
The shooting marked the latest video clip of a violent crime to turn up on Facebook , raising questions about how the world 's biggest social media network moderates content . The company on Monday said it would begin reviewing how it monitors violent footage and other objectionable material in response to the killing .
Meanwhile , a reward of $ 50,000 was being offered for information regarding the suspect 's location , officials said .
Police said Stephens used Facebook to post a video of them killing Robert Godwin snr ( 74 ) , who is seen standing on a sidewalk carrying a plastic shopping bag . The suspect gets out of their car and approaches them from the street , speaks to them briefly and then shoots him .
Stephens is not believed to have known Mr Godwin , a retired foundry worker who media reports said spent Easter Sunday morning with their son and daughter-in-law before they were killed .
A makeshift memorial near where Robert Godwin snr , was killed in Cleveland . Photograph : Mike Householder/AP
Mr Godwin was the father of nine children and grandfather of 14 , their son , Robert Godwin jnr , told the Cleveland Plain Dealer . Mr Godwin jnr could not immediately be reached by Reuters to comment .
Ms Lane , in a text message to CBS News commenting on the shooting , said they were “ sorry that all of this has happened ” .
They went on to describe Stephens as having been “ kind and loving to me and my children , ” adding , “ This is a very difficult time for me and my family. ” Reuters was not able to reach Ms Lane by phone or email for comment .
The shooting video was visible on Facebook for nearly two hours before it was reported , the company said .
“ As a result of this terrible series of events , we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible , ” Justin Osofsky , a Facebook vice president , said in a blog post .
Stephens , who has no prior criminal record , is not suspected in any other murders , despite a claim they made in the video of having killed more than a dozen other people , police said .
“ To be honest , we 've interviewed several people involved in this and I do n't think there is any rhyme or reason for it happening , ” Mr Williams said .
The last confirmed sighting of Stephens was at the scene of the homicide . Police said they might be driving a white or cream-coloured Ford Fusion , and asked anyone who spots them or their car to call police or a special FBI hotline ( 800-CALLFBI ) .
Stephens had worked since 2008 as a vocational specialist and youth mentor at Beech Brook , a behavioural health agency located outside Cleveland . Beech Brook 's offices were closed on Monday .
Reuters
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 26 Arson suspected in Olympia church fire Pause 103 Seattle police surprise thieves sneaking out back door of Costco 42 Man kills parents in Buckley-area home 155 Man mistaken for shooting suspect leads Seattle-area police in car chase 144 Good Samaritan uses sledgehammer to stop fleeing hit-and-run driver 258 At 15 , they wed their older boyfriend to protect them from a possible rape charge 96 Shooters 'clearly had demons , ' Yountville mayor says of shooting at Veterans Home 91 IRS scammers call police officer , warn sheriff is coming for them 1090 Full versions of active shooter dispatch audio from Parkland school shooting 37 Mom fends off thief attempting to steal truck with 2-year-old inside Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
A Tacoma motel was evacuated Monday morning after a man with a gun threatened to shoot people and any officers who tried to stop him , according to the Tacoma Police Department . Peter Haley phaley @ thenewstribune.com
A Tacoma motel was evacuated Monday morning after a man with a gun threatened to shoot people and any officers who tried to stop him , according to the Tacoma Police Department . Peter Haley phaley @ thenewstribune.com
Two UC Santa Barbara faculty members — Carla D'Antonio , Schuyler Professor of Environmental Studies , and Joshua Schimel , chair of environmental studies and professor in the Department of Ecology , Evolution and Marine Biology — have been elected fellows of the Ecological Society of America .
The ESA fellows program , established in 2012 , recognizes the many ways in which its members contribute to ecological research and discovery , communication , education and pedagogy , and to management and policy .
Elected for life , fellows are members who have made outstanding contributions to a wide range of fields served by ESA , including those that advance or apply ecological knowledge in academics , government , nonprofit organization and the broader society .
In addition , former postdoctoral associates Marissa Baskett and Duncan Menge of UCSB 's National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis were two of the six early career fellows named this year .
A new category , early career fellows are members typically within eight years of having received a Ph.D. who have begun making and show promise of continuing to make outstanding contributions to a wide range of fields served by ESA . They are elected for five years .
The ESA is the country 's primary professional organization of ecologists , representing 10,000 scientists in the United States and around the world .
Since its founding in 1915 , ESA has diligently pursued the promotion of the responsible application of ecological principles to the solution of environmental problems through ESA reports , journals , research and expert testimony to Congress .
Prusa Research has added new features to its edition of Slic3r software . To better prepare models for 3D printing , the Prusa update adds a Smooth Variable Layer Height tool in addition to improvements for removable supports .
Comparison of a 3D printed 3D Hubs Marvin with thick , thin and variable layer heights . Image via Prusa Research
In an article on the Prusa3D blog , co-founder Josef Průša explains how Smooth Variable Layer Height is “ the star of the show , ” in this release , delivering a much-needed control over the finish of FFF 3D prints to Makers , adding that “ 3D printing is always about the quality versus the print time . ”
Getting a smooth finish where it matters without significant costs to time
In typical slices of 3D models , layers are set to the same height , i.e . 0.20 mm , o.10mm etc . Generally , the thicker the layer is , the speedier an object is to 3D print , but this comes with sacrifices to the finish of some areas in the 3D print .
Using a 3D printed Marvin model ( available from 3D Hubs on Thingiverse ) as an example , Průša points out that while the lower layers show few ridges on the surface , the finish at the top receives “ an ugly staircase effect . ”
With thinner layers , a model achieves a higher quality finish , but this comes at a significant cost to time . In the example put forward by Prusa , the 0.10mm layer height Marvin takes almost twice the amount of time to 3D print than one with 0.20mm layers .
The Smooth Variable Layer Height tool combines these two features so users can smooth down noticeable areas without losing out on so much time .
Experimenting with the smooth layers
Though varied layer height is not an entirely new idea , the way it is integrated into Slic3r Prusa Edition is certainly refreshing .
Rather than a typical automated slice , layer thickness is entirely user-defined giving Makers a chance to experiment with a desired finish .
After taking the tool for a test drive ourselves , we found it easy to use and also incredibly satisfying . In the “ Layer editing ” option the layers of a 3D model is measured by a scale on the right . Users then determine the smoothness , seen in real time , by stretching out a purple line preset ( again by the user ) to the standard height . By moving this line users can make layers both thinner ( marked green ) and thicker ( marked red ) if needed .
The feature has been developed with the Prusa i3 MK2 3D printer in mind , but Slic3r Prusa Edition can be setup with a number of G-code flavors to try out on other 3D printers .
Post processing FFF 3D prints
Other recent work looking at the finish of FFF 3D prints tackles the issue from a post processing angle . Researchers from Waseda University in Japan have developed a pen-like device that can be used to smooth out the grooves found in plastic 3D prints . Additionally , UK based Additive Manufacturing Technologies Limited received a grant from the government 's innovation initiative for their PostPro3D software . Readers can also learn more about layer slicing and post processing in the 3D Printing Beginners guide .
Source : https : //3dprintingindustry.com/
Horace McQuay from Northeast Baltimore , was accused of exposing themselves in a car outside of Western High School .
On Monday , McQuay was arrested after being spotted on the schools parking lot at Cold Spring Lane and Falls Road .
According to Fox 45 McQuay has been charge with three counts of indecent exposure and one count of disrupting school operations .
They are being held without bond .
ALSO TRENDING :
The Latest Music , Celebrities and Interviews : Follow @ 92qjamsbmore
Image copyright Getty Images
President Donald Trump has signed a bill giving terminally ill patients the right to try experimental treatments not approved by the government .
Patients were able to apply to the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) for access to non-approved drugs before , and most were granted permission .
The new bill does not mandate that drugmakers give access to unapproved drugs to patients asking for them .
Advocacy groups including the American Cancer Society had opposed the bill .
What has changed with the Right to Try act ?
The new Right to Try act allows patients with life-threatening diseases to bypass the FDA 's application process for `` compassionate use '' of experimental drugs .
Patients seeking access to `` investigational drugs '' now need only the approval of their physician and the drug manufacturer .
The new bill protects doctors and companies from the legal risks of allowing unapproved treatments unless they intentionally harm a patient .
The policy that patients must have exhausted all other approved treatments and clinical trial options remains .
In Mr Trump 's State of the Union address in January , they called upon Congress to pass the bill , saying `` patients with terminal conditions , and terminal illness , should have access to experimental treatment immediately '' and `` should not have to go from country to seek a cure '' .
What have the concerns been ?
FDA commissioner Scott Gottlieb , a physician and a cancer survivor , had expressed concerns to Congress last year even as they said the agency was ready to implement the bill .
`` The clinical trial process is crucial to the development of innovative new medical products that can improve or save patients ' lives , '' they said to Congress .
Dr Gottlieb said there had to be a balance between giving patients access to investigational therapies and testing that ensures new products are safe and effective .
Under the FDA 's prior rules governing `` compassionate use '' , 99 percent of patient applications have been granted since 2009 . Most requests are granted within a few days , and in emergency situations , often immediately via phone .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Commissioner Scott Gottlieb expressed concerns about the bill to Congress last year
Notably , going through the FDA allows the agency to modify experimental treatments to individuals to improve patient safety .
Advocacy groups who opposed the bill claimed it gives patients false hope since pharmaceutical companies are not required to give terminally ill patients the experimental treatments they might request .
In a letter addressed to Speaker Paul Ryan and Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi , 38 groups said removing the FDA from the equation would `` likely do more harm than good '' .
`` When access to a therapy is denied to a patient , it is generally the company that denies the request , '' the letter reads . `` Removing FDA from this process is not likely to facilitate increased access to investigational therapies . ''
Forty states have passed Right to Try laws of their own .
The American Cancer Society estimates that 2018 will see 1.7 million new cancer cases diagnosed and over 600,000 cancer-related deaths in the US .
How are drugs approved by the FDA ?
In order to be approved by the FDA , drugs must go through several phases of clinical trials . The process often means years of testing .
First , the drug manufacturer must prove the drug is safe for humans . These trials can have as few as 30 patients , and 70 percent of drugs move to the next trial .
Then , the manufacturer must prove the drug is an effective treatment for the condition it is being marketed for . Importantly , the drug can not have severe side effects .
Only 33 percent of drugs proposed make it through this stage .
During the next phase , which can take up to four years , the company must test the drug on 300 to 3,000 patients with the disease the drug is designed to treat .
New policies including breakthrough therapy and accelerated approval have allowed the FDA to speed up the process for some drugs .
When Prejudice Influences Patient Care
Share this content :
linkedin
google
Email
Print
A clinician reflects on a time , early in their career , where prejudice played a role in their treatment of a patient .
I 'd like to believe that I am not prejudiced . A patient 's skin color , gender , age , or IQ should have no bearing on how I treat them . However , I remember a time , early in my career , where my belief was tested . I think of this patient sometimes and wonder how they ended up .
The first time I saw this patient was when they were 20 years old , and with their dark hair and blue eyes , they reminded me of my own son . They had no visitors . I learned that their mother lived a thousand miles away and rarely visited . Their father was not in the picture . The patient 's history included drug use . One night , they were shot in the spine which left them paralyzed from the neck down . Living in a community nursing home , they ended up in the hospital several times a year with various types of infections .
I took extra time , when I could , to talk to them and encourage him . I helped bathe them when the nurses needed help . They rarely communicated with anyone other than to ask for pain meds or for someone to change the channel on the television . They had pressure ulcers on multiple areas of their body . The only movement they had was to be gingerly repositioned by their nurses . Their limbs were contorted . They were thin and frail .
By chance , one day I was talking to a nurse in our department and I mentioned this young man . I told them my concerns for him . They looked at me with distain . “ Really ? ” They asked , “ Do you know what they did ? ” I told them I was aware of their drug history . They shook their head . They had been in the courtroom when their case came before the judge . “ He is a monster . There is no other word for it. ” I inquired as to what they meant . “ I do n't know what you have been told but this man raped a four-year-old girl and almost killed them They were there to baby-sit them while the parents were out to dinner . Afterward , they just left the baby alone . Can you imagine what their parents saw when they came home or the pain that little girl had to endure ? The father of the baby and several other members of the family hunted them down . When they found him , they beat him , shot him , and left them for dead . ”
In that moment , I thought of the child and the scars they would have both physically and psychologically . I could not look at them with the kindness I did before . I treated him , but I spent no extra time at their bedside . I started questioning myself . How could I have cared for someone who would do such a horrible thing ?
By chance , their mother came for a visit . I met them and talked to them about their son 's case . They decided they wanted to take them home and was trying to arrange a medical helicopter to transport him . I wondered what they felt about their son knowing what they had done . Given their declining health , I knew this would be best for them both . I knew their life would likely be a short one .
Although we must treat every patient , regardless of their illness or their past , I wish I could say that I gave it my all , but truthfully , I gave only what was required and nothing more . I learned the importance of being empathic without becoming emotionally attached .
Lauren Conrad is celebrating the new year by announcing she 's expecting a baby .
The 30-year-old former star of MTV 's “ Laguna Beach ” and “ The Hills ” posted a picture of their sonogram on Instagram on Monday with the note , “ I have a feeling 2017 is going to be the best year yet . ”
Happy New Year ! I have a feeling 2017 is going to be the best year yet… A photo posted by Lauren Conrad ( @ laurenconrad ) on Jan 1 , 2017 at 7:57am PST
This will be the first child for Conrad and their 36-year-old musician husband , William Tell . The couple married in 2014 .
Since leaving TV , Conrad has worked as a fashion designer and launched a homeware line .
Taking a walk down memory lane today : https : //t.co/OBDypyc5v7 pic.twitter.com/320K0KpZM5 — Lauren Conrad ( @ LaurenConrad ) December 28 , 2016
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
This is one of four articles released by FOX5 since 1,234 pages of witness reports were released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department on Wednesday .
The pages include hundreds of differing perspectives from people who were attending the Route 91 Harvest Festival or were affected by the tragedy .
[ RELATED : Police interviewed Jesus Campos for 15 minutes after 1 October ]
[ RELATED : Mandalay Bay called ambulance for injured employee before calling 911 ]
[ RELATED : At least 2 witnesses say they saw shooter 's girlfriend on weekend of 1 October ]
[ RELATED : Las Vegas Metro police release 1 October body camera footage ]
Many of the handwritten witness statements released on Wednesday showed serious concerns regarding suspicious persons around the time of the shooting . The release did not include follow-up interviews with many of those witnesses . According to Metro 's preliminary investigative report , officers had investigated `` approximately 1,965 leads . ''
One witness told police they thought they saw `` one of the shooters '' as they ran away from the Route 91 Harvest Festival venue .
“ It definitely was n't , like , a police officer or ... like SWAT , '' they said . `` I mean it might have been . I do n't know . ”
Witness says they thought they saw the shooter , or one of the shooters , surrendering as they ran away .
“ It definitely was n't , like , a police officer or ... like SWAT . I mean it might have been . I do n't know. ” pic.twitter.com/DCuJH1BT1e — Adam Herbets ( @ AdamHerbets ) May 16 , 2018
One witness said , just minutes prior to the shooting , they had an encounter with a suspicious man at the bus stop on Las Vegas Boulevard and Hacienda Avenue . They described the man as `` nervous and anxious , '' continuously looking at the Mandalay Bay . They said the man had bloodshot eyes and was missing three teeth .
`` Say a prayer before whats about to happen tonight , '' the suspicious man reportedly said .
Right before the shooting , this witness met a suspicious person with missing teeth at the bus stop .
They were looking at Mandalay Bay , talking about God , and asking questions about the festival. # LasVegasShooting # 1October pic.twitter.com/jXMVBn9QSd — Adam Herbets ( @ AdamHerbets ) May 16 , 2018
One witness asked police about a woman who was running up and down the Strip , telling people they were all going to die . Officers told them that they investigated , detained the woman , and determined it was just a `` crazy lady runnin ' them gums . ''
Witness asks police about the woman who was running up and down on the Strip , telling everyone they 're all gon na die .
Police say they were detained ... turned out to be “ just a crazy lady runnin ' their gums. ” pic.twitter.com/VqRlGwmITp — Adam Herbets ( @ AdamHerbets ) May 17 , 2018
Numerous people reported seeing a flashing light near the 12th floor of Mandalay Bay . Some thought it was the shooter . The same light was reportedly flashing in the days leading up to the shooting and in the hours after the shooting .
Our crews saw the blinking light at Mandalay Bay after the shooting . We also saw it in videos of God Bless America
At first , some people thought it was a muzzle flash or some sort of “ proof ” that there was a shooter on a lower floor of Mandalay Bay . # 1October # LasVegasShooting pic.twitter.com/Z40z7wCyBH — Adam Herbets ( @ AdamHerbets ) May 17 , 2018
One woman said they and their boyfriend witnessed a racist conversation between two suspicious persons threatening violence prior to the shooting . They said they and their boyfriend spoke to FBI agents , but it seemed like the FBI was just `` humoring '' them instead of taking a written statement .
This woman , who identifies themselves as security for DHS/ TSA , describes overhearing two suspicious women before the shooting .
“ These stupid fucking white people they are going to know how it feels they deserve this ... woohoo like shooting fish in a barrel ” pic.twitter.com/Iw26599M4w — Adam Herbets ( @ AdamHerbets ) May 17 , 2018
A driver decided to report a young couple discussing how Las Vegas `` was n't ready for a terrorist attack . ''
This driver picked up a young military couple from the airport and dropped them off at MGM .
They had a conversation about how “ Vegas was n't ready for a terrorist attack. ” # LasVegasShooting # 1October pic.twitter.com/T70N6d5zxh — Adam Herbets ( @ AdamHerbets ) May 17 , 2018
Two witnesses , a boyfriend and girlfriend , said they saw two suspicious men `` smiling menacingly and laughing '' while recording video on their cell phones as people ran away .
This woman says they witnessed two “ very suspicious ” men staring , laughing evilly , and recording video as people ran away .
“ The guys in the hall are very concerning to me & I think it should be investigated. ” # 1October # LasVegasShooting pic.twitter.com/qcO76mNZ7D — Adam Herbets ( @ AdamHerbets ) May 18 , 2018
A second witness also reports that they saw two middle-eastern men recording video , “ smiling menacingly and laughing .
I believe this is the first witness ' boyfriend # LasVegasShooting # 1October pic.twitter.com/yWChtEAOuJ — Adam Herbets ( @ AdamHerbets ) May 18 , 2018
One tourist described a very long and odd conversation with an older gentleman at the Luxor , one day prior to the shooting . The man reportedly talked about religion , their past in the military , their girlfriend , and said that they tried to burn themselves to death in a dumpster .
A British man told police they met an odd person at the Luxor the night before the shooting . He 's not sure if it was Paddock .
They were older .
Said they were an ex-military member who drove tanks .
Talked a lot about religion
Said they tried to kill themselves by burning in a dumpster — Adam Herbets ( @ AdamHerbets ) May 18 , 2018
Voice slightly slurred
Kept saying “ You 've got very low blood sugar ”
Said their younger girlfriend kept demanding sex
Did n't talk about hurting people , but gave off that vibe with a cold heartless stare
Said they are n't from Vegas
Said son was in prison
Had a “ line ” on their face https : //t.co/IDfOrdMETz — Adam Herbets ( @ AdamHerbets ) May 18 , 2018
A representative for Metro has stated that the department will not be providing additional comment on the documents they were ordered to release by the Nevada Supreme Court .
Stay with FOX5 for continuing updates on this story .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
VIEW THE DOCUMENTS HERE :
Noisy restaurants are a source of perennial complaints , but it 's not just diners ' ears that are affected - it 's their waistlines , too . A new study published in the Journal of the Academy of Marketing Sciences has found that if ambient music played in a restaurant is louder , the customers are more susceptible to choose unhealthful foods .
Dipayan Biswas , a marketing professor at the University of South Florida , conducted the study at a cafe in Stockholm , where various genres of music were played on a loop at 55 decibels and 70 decibels at different times , for several days . When the music was louder , researchers found 20 percent more customers ordered something that was not good for them , compared to those who dined during the lower-volume times .
Softer music is calming , and louder music gets us amped up . `` Volume is proven to directly impact heart rate and arousal , '' according to the study . And it impacts our decision-making , as well : In the soothing quiet of some gentle jazz , we have better self-control , and we make better decisions about which foods would be better for us . But in the excitement of some loud rock music , we want meat and cheese on a bun and some french fries on the side . Oh , and a beer . . . or three .
Though the study is new , it reinforces conventional wisdom that restaurant owners have known for quite some time : Creating the right atmosphere is essential .
Music `` creates a vibe . Your body starts tingling , '' said Alex McCoy , the chef/owner of Lucky Buns , a burger restaurant in Washington . `` The more essential you make the experience , the more your brain just starts going crazy . You want to buy things , you want to eat , you want to meet people . ''
McCoy 's internationally inspired burgers and fried chicken sandwiches have been lauded as some of the best in the city , and their restaurant is , according to Yelp reviewers , `` wicked loud , '' `` but worth it ! '' They typically play loud Euro house music or reggae , letting the thumping beat pulse through the restaurant , `` a playlist that allows [ guests ] to get lost in the music . ''
`` Different songs , mixtures , genres of music , it creates this chaotic setting , '' they said . `` And to me , those create the best bar vibe , when a song comes on and [ diners are ] like , 'Oh yes ! That 's the song ! Get a round of drinks . ' ''
McCoy says they have never compared their sales during periods of different volumes of music . But there are four side salads on the menu , and any burger or fried chicken sandwich can be served on a bed of lettuce with no bun . You will not be surprised to learn that these options have not proven to be top-sellers , especially compared to the burgers served with bacon jam and Gouda , or the fried chicken with pickles and Sriracha .
Restaurants were n't always this loud . New York Magazine food writer Adam Platt pinned the origin of the `` great noise boom '' to the late '90s , when now-disgraced Mario Batali 's restaurant Babbo was known for blasting Led Zeppelin , the Who and the Pixies . ( The chef is now facing a criminal investigation after they have been accused of sexual assault . ) Chefs such as David Chang began to ascend to the status of rock stars , and they pumped up the volume in their restaurants , all in an effort to draw in younger people who liked the raucous vibe . But loud restaurants can be a deterrent for older guests or the hard-of-hearing , or people who just want to enjoy dinner conversation without shouting till they are hoarse .
And , in some cases , restaurant volumes can be an occupational hazard for the people who work there . Consistent exposure to noise levels above 70 decibels can cause hearing loss over time . In Platt 's story , they found some restaurants reached decibel levels in the 90s , louder than a lawn mower . The volume at a downtown Washington Shake Shack around 12:30 p.m. - the height of the lunch rush - was 75 decibels including both music and ambient noise , the equivalent of hearing a `` freeway at 50 feet from pavement edge , '' according to one chart of comparable sounds . A nearby Sweetgreen - a salad chain that used to throw a music festival - came in at 80 decibels , the equivalent of a garbage disposal .
But Biswas 's paper shows that noise can sway diners to order certain types of foods , potentially increasing the value of their check . `` Restaurants and supermarkets can use ambient music strategically to influence consumer buying behavior , '' said Biswas in Science Daily . According to the study , `` These findings allow restaurant managers to strategically manipulate music volume to influence sales . ''
So when you hear Cardi B blasting in your local lunch spot , she 's not the only one making money move . And they might be the reason you 're inexplicably craving fries .
( c ) 2018 , The Washington Post
Methyl soyate is a biobased solvent made from soybean oil . It is an excellent replacement for petrochemical solvents . Methyl soyate is a golden-clear fluid with mild butter-like odor . It is also known as methyl esters of soybean oil , palm methyl ester , SME , and soybean oil methyl ester . It offers numerous advantages over traditional solvents . Methyl soyate is manufactured by the transesterification of soy oil esters . It is a mixture of long chain fatty acid methyl esters . Methyl soyate is used in the cytosol process , which is a procedure used in the removal and recovery of spilled crude oil , generally from coastal and inland spill sites . Methyl soyate is commonly used as biodiesel , specifically in North America . It is a non-ozone-depleting chemical , which is readily biodegradable . It leads to low level of VOCs . Methyl soyate can be used to formulate various types of products . It provides effective solvency with Kauri-butanol ( KB ) value of 58 . This high Kauri-butanol value can potentially swell synthetic and natural rubber when used in excess of 5 % in formulae . Methyl soyate is also compatible with other organic solvents . Methyl soyate is primarily used as biodiesel . As an alternative fuel , biodiesel can substitute for petroleum diesel without engine modifications . Methyl soyate can be used in place of more expensive and less environmentally-friendly organic solvents such as glycol ethers and Tridecanol ( TDA ) .
The global methyl soyate market can be segmented based on application and region . In terms of application , the methyl soyate market can be divided on the basis of industrial solvent and others . In industrial solvents , it finds application in parts cleaners , carrier solvents , and resin removers . Other applications include car care products , paint strippers , and hand cleaners . Methyl soyate is also used as carrier solvent , despite being an ingredient in cleaners and strippers to replace chlorinated or petroleum products .
Rise in awareness about various benefits of methyl soyate as bio solvent and increase in environmental concerns are expected to propel the market during the forecast period . Methyl soyate is proving to be an ideal alternative for chemical-laden cleaners and solvents . Development and commercialization of biobased products is rapidly expanding owing to the increase in number of government regulations and demands for safe , healthy , and environmentally-friendly alternatives for terpene or petrochemical based solvents and cleaner/degreasers containing butyls .
Based on region , the methyl soyate market can be segregated into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Latin America , and Middle East & Africa . North America is the dominant region of the methyl soyate market due to the rise in number of restrictions on various chemicals for emission of VOCs . The market in Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness exponential growth during the forecast period owing to the rise in demand for methyl soyate in paints & coatings and cosmetic & personal care industries . Methyl soyate possesses low toxicity and emits low volatile organic VOCs vis-à-vis conventional chemical solvents . This , methyl soyate is extensively used in paints and coatings and cleaning products . The methyl soyate market in India and China is estimated to expand significantly , due to rapid industrialization and high disposable income of people in these countries . The methyl soyate market in Latin America is projected to expand at a fast pace in the near future , owing to the growth in cosmetics and personal care industries
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=43133
Prominent players operating in the methyl soyate market include BASF SE , Stepan Company , Cargill , Graham Chemical Corporation , Vertec BioSolvents , Kerley Ink , and Unicon Fibro Chemicals Pvt . Ltd .
About us :
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research , customized research , and consulting services . TMR 's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical , chemicals and materials , technology and media , food and beverages , and consumer goods , among others . Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts , competitive landscape , detailed segmentation , key trends , and strategic recommendations .
Contact us :
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Hyundai seeks sales lift after first annual fall since 1998
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
WILMINGTON , NC ( WWAY ) — If you 've received a call from a company wanting to buy a timeshare take heed .
The Better Business Bureau is investigating a possible scam in the area .
The BBB of Coastal Carolina says it has received a large number of calls from people contacted by Hope Mills Timeshares .
The BBB says the Fayetteville business is telling them they have a buyer for their timeshare . However , they 're requesting money first for the transaction .
The BBB says there 's no record of the business , no real estate license for the business , and it 's not listed with the secretary of state .
Better Business Bureau Serving Coastal Carolina ( BBB ) is here to tell consumers what they can do to stop these calls for good :
First and foremost , do not answer calls from numbers you do not recognize . If it 's a legitimate contact , they will leave a message . Even if a scammer leaves a message , this will give you time to think about what is being asked of you .
Be cautious of those automated messages asking you to “ Press 9 ” to be taken off of their call list . It 's best to just hang up . Pressing your keypad is another way to alert the caller that they have reached an active number , and they will continue to call and sell your number to other scammers as well .
Be aware that scammers are calling and impersonating legitimate businesses , organizations , and charities . The best thing you can do to prevent yourself from falling victim is to hang up , find the appropriate phone number , and call them directly to speak to a representative .
Join the Do Not Call Registry ( gov ) to cut down on legitimate telemarketing and sales calls . Although it wo n't stop scammers , you 'll get fewer calls , making it easier to spot the fraudulent ones .
Write down the phone number of those callers violating the Do Not Call Registry and file a scam report with BBB Scam Tracker and the FTC 's Do Not Call List .
There 's an app for that ! Nomorbo.com takes you off any phone call that comes in as a robo call ( an automated or machine-made call ) . The best part ? Nomorobo is free for your landline and only $ 1.99 for cell phones .
This write-up is a continuation of an earlier publication on realities , myths and analysis of the consulting market . Discussions in the previous feature ended on fees and rates charged by firms in the consulting industry .
Keys to success
Generally , the path to success in consulting is predefined : working diligently and in concert with others enhance the consultant 's chances of quickly climbing up the success ladder in the consulting profession .
The following are some essential qualities that could ensure the success of the consultant , and ensure their or their possible emergence as the “ best ” in the consulting profession .
The consultant must adhere strictly to their or their promises to clients ; must ensure projects are completed on schedule to help build the requisite credibility and trust among their or their team and clients . The consultant must have strong knowledge in the discipline to help team members in the areas of PowerPoint , organisation of projects and taking notes .
Meeting project deadlines enhances the consultant 's chances of securing new contracts or projects . This means the consultant must be the firm 's “ pair of hands ” with the “ magic wand . ”
Presentation of final projects devoid of error ( s ) is indicative of the consultant 's attention to details ; it enhances trust reposed in the consultant by their or their clients . Usually , clients ' trust in a consulting firm increases when final projects handed to them are free from grammatical errors and spelling mistakes ; when computations in the project are thorough , error-free and carefully presented . In essence , it is imperative for the consultant to pay close attention to project details . The consultant may have multiple talents to fit into several specialised areas . However , it is important to assess the market to identify a specialised area that is in “ hot ” demand , but has limited or no expertise to effectively execute clients ' projects . These notable areas may include advanced financial modelling , novel marketing strategy and communication skills .
Such an initiative would make the consultant the “ hottest commodity ” in the consulting industry . Knowledge of PowerPoint , Excel and Microsoft Word is paramount .
It is imperative for the consultant to subject a given project to critical thinking before commencing . Consultants who consider problems carefully are able to develop better insights and proffer meaningful solutions to those problems . Consultants who embark on a critical thinking “ journey ” are often distinguished from their peers ; they provide qualitative meaning to quantitative data presented in reports to clients with relative ease . Such a stride is likely to propel the consulting firm to another level – from good to great and from great to exceptional . The consultant is likely to be saddled or presented with a project that is completely new to them or her , or new to the consulting industry .
This problem may not only be new , but very challenging . Here , the success of the consultant would hinge on their or their resourcefulness .
The consultant 's creativity and quick resolution of difficult problems would be their or their trump card . Resourcefulness , here , refers to the consultant 's ability to mobilise the requisite skill , acumen and expertise to address a given problem . As a rule of thumb , the consultant is expected to approach their or their team and manager for solutions .
If the problem persists , the consultant would approach peers and other internal experts ; and extend to external experts when necessary .
Although an emphasis is placed on the word “ new , ” there may be an expert who has ever addressed similar problem ( s ) and may be in a very good position to offer cogent suggestions . Brainstorming ideas with such an expert would help complete the project earlier than expected .
Consultants saddled with very challenging projects should desist from throwing in “ early towel. ” They must embrace the challenge to serve as strong and positive model to their team members . They must believe there is light at the end of the tunnel .
Providing meaningful solutions to clients ' problems is predicated on strong understanding of the problems on hand . To this end , it behoves the consultant to ask all the relevant questions and demand answers from the client . Through this approach , the consultant would appreciate and understand the client 's problems . This would effectively inform the strategy to be adapted to resolve the client 's problems .
Asking all the relevant questions to emerge with productive and economically useful project is better than keeping mute and delivering a poor work . The term , relevant , is relative . However , the consultant must carefully consider the psychological state of the client to ensure questions are posed in ways that are subtle , helpful and non-irritating .
Questions related to formulae and acronyms may be answered using Google rather than approaching the client .
Multiple questions could be structured and presented to the client at a given time to respond and return to the consultant . This is better than the repeated approach . The consultant may wait to collect the questionnaire , depending on the volume of questions and the corresponding responses expected from the client . A mutual agreement between the consultant and client would ensure all questions are asked and responses provided in a peaceful manner .
Conclusion
Consultants who wish to achieve remarkable success in their chosen profession must be committed to listening , and building meaningful and healthy relationship with their clients . Consultants who adhere to the foregoing principle are likely to transform their consulting firms from good to great , and from great to exceptional . Success in the consulting industry comes at a price . Success in the consulting world thrives on a lot of skill and intellectual ingenuity .
Strong knowledge about a client 's changing needs and desires helps the consultant to address the client 's problems with relative ease . This is likely to increase referrals from existing clients to enhance the revenue generation efforts of the implied consulting firm . A consultant who remains focused and resolute is likely to soar above their or their peers in the consulting industry .
In spite of the recurring economic challenges across the globe , the role of consultants in the effective development of contemporary and future businesses and national economies can not be overemphasised .
This makes it imperative for experts and trainees in the consultancy industry to equip themselves with the requisite knowledge , skill and dexterity to ease their identification of challenging problems and proffer effective solutions that would inure to the economic benefit of all parties .
Ebenezer M. Ashley ( PhD )
Lead Consultant/CEO
Eben Consultancy
Fellow & Council Member , ICEG
Email : This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
Website : www.ebenezerashley.com
TORONTO , ON -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) - AudienceView , a world leader in e-commerce software for events and entertainment organizations , is pleased to announce the appointment of industry veteran Michael Burnett as Managing Director , UK and Europe . With an extensive ticketing and general management background spanning more than two decades , Michael has achieved success in several ticketing , technology and operations roles . They join AudienceView from Ticketmaster/Live Nation , leaving their position as Director of Sport . They were also the founder and Managing Director of See Tickets from 2000 through 2012 and held key roles at Medoc and Derby County FC .
`` We are delighted to welcome an executive of Michael 's calibre to our leadership team . In addition to their expert understanding of ticketing and technology , Michael has the industry credibility to lead our company efforts and build on our continued momentum in the UK and Europe , '' said Michael Bryce , Chief Operating Officer for AudienceView . `` With Michael as a senior executive based permanently in the UK , we have the right leadership in place to help our clients maximize their potential with our solutions and pursue the significant growth opportunities we see in the market . ''
Michael 's mandate is to lead all aspects of AudienceView 's business operations in the UK and Europe , including current customer success , new customer acquisitions , local partner enablement and overall business success . Michael will also provide their executive team peers with regional strategic and product insights to ensure AudienceView continues blazing a trail as an innovative global industry leader .
`` With the industry 's strongest and most innovative solution , AudienceView has an incredibly exciting opportunity to grow in the region and to shape the future of entertainment ticketing and e-commerce , '' said Michael Burnett , Managing Director , UK and Europe for AudienceView . `` I am excited to help establish deeper relationships with our existing clients , welcome new organizations to the AudienceView family and help all of our partners reach their business goals . ''
With over 35 customers including premier venues in the UK , AudienceView leads the market with the most scalable , functionally complete , configurable and sophisticated platform for live entertainment ticketing and e-commerce . These organizations also receive unparalleled solutions and 24x7 service from AudienceView 's global team , which includes 16 staff members based in the UK and Europe .
To learn more about Michael Burnett and our leading presence in the UK and Europe , please visit : https : //audienceview.com/michael-burnett-announcement/ .
About AudienceView
AudienceView is a complete entertainment business solutions provider . With over $ 2 billion in annual transactions , our innovative and engaging software is helping more than 550 venues in 15 countries deliver exceptional in-venue and online customer experiences . The self-serve , e-commerce , ticketing and events management portals enable success for events of all sizes or types . Learn more at www.audienceview.com , or connect with the company on Facebook and Twitter .
More affordable Ducati Multistrada and Monster models now available in India at 12.6 lakh and 7.77 lakh respectively ( both ex-Delhi ) .The Ducati Multistrada 950 , as the name suggests , is the smaller version of the Multistrada 1200 which makes it more manageable and suitable for newer riders . Using lightweight materials from the Multistrada 1200 and Enduro , Ducati designers have managed to keep the 950 lean . Powering the Ducati Multistrada 950 is a 937-cc , twin-cylinder Testastretta which makes 113 PS at 9,000 rpm and a peak torque of 96.2 Nm at 7,750 rpm . The long list of electronics include DSP ( Ducati Safety Pack ) which comes with ABS and Ducati Traction Control . You also get four riding modes ( Sport , Touring , Urban and Enduro ) to suit every riding style .
The bike comes with completely new light-weight rims , big 19-inch and 17-inch front and rear wheels respectively wrapped in Pirelli Scorpion Trail 2 or Scorpion Rally rubber , and dual-320mm front disc brakes . The Multi 950 also gets an increased rake and trail , a longer wheelbase , multiple riding modes and fully adjustable Kayaba front forks among other things . Of course , being a Multistrada , the bike comes with a 20-litre fuel tank , and the same saddle as the one on the 1200 Enduro . The Multistrada 950 is priced at Rs 12.6 lakh ( ex-Delhi ) .
The other bike launched today is the baby Monster which sits between the Scrambler and the full-sized Monster 821 . The new Ducati Monster 797 will take on the Kawasaki Z900 and the recently launched Triumph Street Triple 765 . Replacing the Monster 796 , the new 797 is powered with a 803-cc , air-cooled Desmodue twin which churns out 75 PS at 8,250 rpm and 68.9 Nm of peak torque at 5,750 rpm . With 90 per cent of the power spread between 4,000 to 8,500 rpm , the Monster 797 promises to be a hoot to ride , staying true to the Monster legacy .
It also shares its bigger sibling – the Monster 1200S ' fuel tank and headlights , and brakes from the 959 Panigale . The Monster 797 also gets a slipper clutch , and a freshly designed double-sided swing arm and a shorter wheelbase when compared to the 796 . Coming to the features , the new bike reintroduces the use of cooling winglets for the Desmodue and gets Brembo brakes and ABS as standard . You also get Ducati 's multimedia nad smartphone connectivity options . The 797 is available in three shades – Star White Silk , Dark Stealth , and Ducati Red . The Monster 797 carries a sticker of Rs 7.77 lakh ( ex-Delhi ) , prices for both bikes are introductory and will be altered when GST comes into play .
Dallas Stars defenseman Julius Honka , right , celebrates their goal with Jamie Benn ( 14 ) and Alexander Radulov , left , during the second period of an NHL hockey game Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , at Madison Square Garden in New York . ( AP Photo/Bill Kostroun )
Midway through the second period , J.T . Miller broke in all alone for the Rangers and made a dazzling play . However , Kari Lehtonen came up with a left pad save to protect a one-goal lead for the Stars .
J.T . Miller busts in on the breakaway but Kari Lehtonen shuts the door . pic.twitter.com/62G3UOAjcM
Discuss
Ken Hitchcock had the lines in a blender , and the Stars had their best shot differential on the season . Was that a product of the strategy or of the fact the team seemed really motivated and hungry for a win ?
What does it mean ?
The Stars needed an answer to three straight losses and got it in the form of a very hard-working performance . As they say in hockey parlance , you play like that every night and you 're going win a lot of games .
GOALS
Stars : With the Stars working hard to get the first goal , Jamie Benn moved a puck up the boards to Esa Lindell , and Lindell moved it quickly across the blue line to Julius Honka . Honka stepped to the top of the right circle and wired a shot past Ondrej Pavelec for their first goal of the season at 6:30 of the second period . Stars 1 , Rangers 0 .
Rangers : Brady Skjei flipped a puck on net , and Rick Nash deflected it in . Stars 1 , Rangers 1 .
Stars : Jason Spezza won the shootout for Dallas after Alexander Radulov tied it up . Stars 2 , Rangers 1 ( SO ) .
Future Market Insights ( FMI ) delivers key insights on the global surface protection films market in a newly published report titled “ Surface Protection Films Market : Global Industry Analysis ( 2012 – 2016 ) and Opportunity Assessment ( 2017–2027 ) ” . In terms of revenue , the global surface protection films market is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 5.7 % over the forecast period owing to numerous factors , about which FMI offers thorough insights and information in this report .
Market Segmentation & Forecast
The global surface protection films market is estimated to be valued at US $ 1,196.2 Mn by 2017 end , and is expected to expand at a 5.7 % CAGR over the forecast period ( 2017–2027 ) , to be valued at US $ 2,081.6 Mn by the end of the forecast period in 2027 .
Request for Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-4470
Market Segmentation by Thickness
On the basis of thickness , the market is categorised into the following segments : < 25 microns , 25 – 50 microns , 50 – 100 microns , 100 – 150 microns , and > 150 microns . Among these segments , our study has identified the 50 – 100 microns segment to account for a lion 's share in the surface protection films market , with almost 38 % of the total market value share . The segment is expected to enjoy rapid growth over the forecast period , clocking a CAGR of 6.2 % .
Market Segmentation by Base Material Type
On the basis of base material , the market is categorised into the following segments : PE , PET , PP , PU , PVC , and others ( Blended films , etc. ) . Among these segments , we have identified the PE segment to be the most dominant segment over the forecast period , maintaining a market share of above 40 % . The segment is projected to register an impressive CAGR of 5.8 % during the forecast period . However , it is the PET segment that is projected to register a CAGR of 6.3 % , which is the highest among the other base materials .
Market Segmentation by End Use
Based on end use , the global surface protection films market has been segmented into the following : Construction & Interior , Electrical & Electronics , Automotive , Industrial , Healthcare , and Others . The construction & interior segment is expected to be the most dominant segment over the forecast period , accounting for more than 50 % of the net market share . By the end of the forecast period , the segment is forecast to account for around 56 % of the global surface protection films market share .
Request for Table of Contents @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-4470
Market Segmentation by Region
The global surface protection films market has been segmented into seven major regions , namely North America , Latin America , Eastern Europe , Western Europe , Asia Pacific Excluding Japan ( APEJ ) , Japan and the Middle East & Africa ( MEA ) . Globally , in terms of revenue , Western Europe is estimated to account for the highest share of 30.4 % in 2017 , followed closely by Asia Pacific Excluding Japan ( APEJ ) , which is estimated to account for a share of 22.6 % . Meanwhile , revenue from the market in Latin America is expected to expand at CAGR of 4.7 % over the forecast period . The mature markets i.e . Western Europe and North America are likely to create a substantial demand in the global surface protection films market with a cumulative worth of over US $ 1 Bn by the end of 2027 .
Key Players
Some of the major players in the global surface protection films market covered in this report are Chargeurs S.A. , Nitto Denko Corp , Tredegar Corporation , Polifilm GmbH , Surface Guard , Inc. , DUNMORE Corporation , Bischof + Klein SE & Co . KG. , Toray Advanced Film Co. , Ltd. , and Alvest SAS , among others . The report also includes profiles of prominent Chinese companies operating in the global market . We have discussed individual strategies followed by these companies in terms of enhancing their product portfolio , creating new marketing techniques , and mergers and acquisitions .
Report Overview @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/surface-protection-films-market
PARIS — Sloane Stephens has dropped only six games in their first two matches at the French Open .
Those victories have impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe , who now believes the reigning U.S. Open champion can claim a second Grand Slam title at Roland Garros .
`` Just FYI . Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament , '' McEnroe tweeted after Stephens dispatched qualifier Magdalena Frech 6-2 , 6-2 in just over an hour on Wednesday .
The 10th-seeded American player , who never got past the fourth round in their six previous appearances at the tournament , is more cautious . They missed the tournament last year and went through a stretch of poor results after winning at Flushing Meadows . They know getting carried away would be a big mistake .
`` That 's so sweet , that was nice of him , '' Stephens said about McEnroe 's tweet . `` I mean , I ca n't predict the future , I do n't know . I would love to . We 'll see next Saturday . ''
There is a very long way to go for Stephens , who has yet to meet top contenders in Paris . They will face a more serious test in the third round against Camila Giorgi of Italy , who has lost only eight games in the first two matches .
Giorgi has beaten Stephens twice in their three meetings , including a 6-3 , 6-0 rout in Sidney this year on hard court . Stephens does not give too much importance to that result , though , as it came during their post-U.S. Open struggles following a knee injury .
`` I was coming out of an injury and tried to get my season started , '' they said .
After winning in New York , Stephens did not win a match for the rest of the season . They were beaten in the first round at the Australian Open in January and struggled with their tennis until March when they won the title in Miami .
So for now in Paris , Stephens is just happy to `` feel good . ''
It is strictly about gathering the best presenters in the state to address key topics that teachers have identified and skipping all the political shenanigans that other organizations try to pass off as professional development . It is real learning for real educators by their peers .
If you are a Tennessee educator or a supporter of Tennessee education , you need to attend a day of exceptional professional learning , Leader U , on June 1 at Trevecca University 's Boone Center in Nashville . The conference 's theme is Champions for Children where speakers will provide insight on providing a more engaging classroom and school to its students .
The conference will begin Friday morning with a keynote address from Champion for Children advocate , Ronald Woodard as they illuminate “ Developing a Champion Mindset for Children. ” Respected teacher-leaders and presenters from across the state will lead professional development classes on important topics that include student engagement , organized chaos , project-based learning , team evaluation , bullying and much more . The 2018 Tennessee Teacher of The Year , Cicely Woodard , will do a 90-minute session on the engaging classroom while TSIN 2018 Excellence in STEM Teaching Award winner and Edmodo Educator , Sharon Clark , will complete a session on bridging gaps and cultivating curiosity .
In addition to the keynote , there will be other breakout sessions with a choice of 12 presenters from which teachers and administrators can choose the classes which best fit their needs . The event is TASL accredited for administrators and all educators will receive a certificate for six hours professional development credit . The cost to attend is $ 40 for members of Professional Educators of Tennessee and $ 60 for non-members . Breakfast and lunch are included .
But wait , there is more . We have always understood how busy educators are , so in 2013 we also launched the Leader U on-demand professional learning portal , where you can complete your credits when and where it is convenient for you and receive a certificate as soon as it is completed . Keep track of all the classes you have completed and print your records at any time . Classes include TASL accredited sessions from the annual conference along with webinars from throughout the year and even relevant content from other organizations nationwide . We do our best to provide a one stop-shop for your professional learning needs .
To register for Leader U 2018 , visit leaderutn.com . Anyone with questions may email learning @ leaderutn.com .
Bethany Bowman is director of professional development for Professional Educators of Tennessee , a non-partisan teacher association headquartered in Nashville .
Photo : Michael Hurcomb / Sipa / USA / Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Post Malone is all about the children .
The “ Rockstar ” demonstrated their connection with the kids on YouTube 's program Good Mythical Morning . For the segment , the hosts set up a game in which Malone updated the kiddie classic “ Old MacDonald Had A Farm ” in the style of Atlanta rap trio Migos .
Related : Post Malone 's ‘ Rockstar ' Originally Featured Joey Bada $ $ and T-Pain : Report
“ Quavo , Offset , Takeoff , I hope I do you justice , ” Malone said as they walked over to a set featuring a baby doll in a crib . Their revised version of “ Old MacDonald ” was set to the beat of “ Bad and Boujee ” and the results need to be seen to be believed .
Watch Post Malone remix “ Old MacDonald Had a Farm ” and “ Bad and Boujee ” below :
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news , analyze , spot risks and opportunities .
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT .
Cano , Cruz power Mariners past Marlins in Ichiro return
hello
Miami Marlins ' Ichiro Suzuki tips their cap after being honored by Seattle Mariners players and executives for their 3,000 hit milestone in a pre-game ceremony before a baseball game against the Mariners , their former team , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Seattle . Associated Press
Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Ariel Miranda throws against the Miami Marlins in the second inning of a baseball game , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Seattle . Associated Press
Miami Marlins starting pitcher Tom Koehler throws against the Seattle Mariners in the first inning of a baseball game , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Seattle . Associated Press
Seattle Mariners ' Robinson Cano rounds the bases after hitting a two-run home run against the Miami Marlins to score Jarrod Dyson in the first inning of a baseball game , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Seattle . Associated Press
Miami Marlins ' Ichiro Suzuki grounds out to first base in the third inning of a baseball game against the Seattle Mariners , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Seattle . Associated Press
Fans cheer as Miami Marlins left fielder Ichiro Suzuki throws after fielding an RBI double hit by Seattle Mariners ' Robinson Cano in the fourth inning of a baseball game , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Seattle . Associated Press
Seattle Mariners ' Robinson Cano hits an RBI double in the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins to score Jarrod Dyson Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Seattle . Associated Press
Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Ariel Miranda is greeted by manager Scott Servais after Miranda pitched seven scoreless innings against the Miami Marlins in a baseball game , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Seattle . Associated Press
SEATTLE -- Robinson Cano and Nelson Cruz hit consecutive first-inning homers , Ariel Miranda pitched seven scoreless innings and the Seattle Mariners beat the Miami Marlins 6-1 Monday night in Ichiro Suzuki 's first visit to Safeco Field as a member of the 3,000-hit club .
Miranda ( 1-1 ) allowed four singles and only one runner to reach second base while striking out five . Nick Vincent pitched a perfect eighth before Evan Scribner allowed Christian Yelich 's third home run in the ninth .
The Mariners won their fourth straight after a 2-8 start .
Cano crushed a 2-1 pitch from Tom Koehler ( 0-1 ) 441 feet to right-center for their second home run , a two-run shot that scored Jarrod Dyson . Cruz followed with their second homer , lining a 1-1 pitch to center to make it 3-0 .
The deal was announced only last week and followed Daisy CEO Neil Muller 's departure from the company
Daisy will no longer acquire TalkTalk 's direct B2B business for £175m , TalkTalk claimed the decision was “ jointly agreed ” .
The deal was expected to be sealed by the end of the month after being announced on May 24 , but has now been rescinded . The deal would see Daisy take control of TalkTalk 's 80,000 enterprise clients .
In a statement to the London Stock Exchange , TalkTalk said : “ TalkTalk and The Daisy Group have jointly agreed not to proceed with the proposed sale of TalkTalk 's direct B2B business , as announced on 24 May 2018 . Daisy remains an important , long-term strategic partner for TalkTalk . ”
The news follows Daisy CEO Neil Muller resigning from their post and founder Matt Riley taking up the mantle once again .
Aptos resident Mary Anne Carson was taking a walk at Rio Del Mar beach and caught some footage of a whale with a seal as a companion . The footage is taken from the shoreline . Carson says it 's `` whale soup '' in the ocean around Santa Cruz because of the abundance of the mammals .
Racist and homophobic chants are on the rise in Russia before the World Cup finals , with LGBT and ethnic minority supporters travelling to the country being issued with details of an emergency WhatsApp helpline to report any issues or request urgent help .
Although overall incidents of discrimination have declined , a report found there has been a spike in the number of discriminatory chants heard inside stadiums in Russia , many of which are being used for games during the World Cup , beginning on June 14th .
The research into discrimination in Russian football was undertaken by the Fare Network and the Moscow-based Sova Centre and was the sixth such report published since 2012 . It noted more monkey chants , neo-Nazi songs and anti-Caucasian chants , with 19 cases in the 2017-2018 season compared with two last season and 10 the season before .
Victims included players from the French national team , who were targeted with monkey chants during a game against Russia in March , and the Liverpool youth player Bobby Adekanye , who was racially abused by Spartak Moscow supporters . The Russia national team goalkeeper Guilherme Marinato , a naturalised citizen born in Brazil , was twice targeted by Spartak fans calling them a monkey .
Homophobia rising
The report also notes a worrying prevalence of homophobia , which it claims is a relatively new form of discrimination inside Russian stadiums , where fans are now labelling opponents “ gay ” as a means of abuse more often than ever before .
“ This is a practice that takes sustenance from state-led homophobia , but has been copied from leagues in western Europe , ” the report stated . “ These levels of discriminatory chanting indicate that xenophobic views remain deeply rooted among many Russian football fans . ”
Piara Powar , the Fare network 's executive director , said : “ There are reasons to hope that the World Cup authorities will not allow serious violent incidents to take place by using all the resources of law enforcement agencies and special services .
“ However , the football authorities in Russia and Fifa have missed valuable opportunities and time to deliver lasting change in Russia . We hope the spirit that brings people together will keep fans with provocative intentions out of the World Cup , and equality and understanding will be the prevalent story of Russia 2018. ” – Guardian
Patrick Jenkins and guests discuss Santander 's acquisition of troubled rival Banco Popular , the broader implications of 'resolving ' troubled banks in Spain , Italy and beyond , and the foreign exchange trading scandal -- will the latest suspects be extradited to the US
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
One Direction star Liam Payne has surprised shoppers by busking in London 's busy Oxford Circus .
The singer was joined by DJ collaborator Zedd as they performed hit Get Low outside the Underground station in central London .
Dressed in a black jacket and black jeans with a gold chain and white trainers , Liam sang into a microphone and danced around as onlookers gathered in a circle around him .
Zedd played a keyboard plugged into a backpack they wore over their black and bronze jacket .
The duo released the track on July 7 .
Zedd teased they were on their way to an impromptu performance when they posted video of the duo singing in the car together on their Instagram stories .
WINTERVILLE , N.C. ( WNCT ) – Some local children raised $ 1,000 for Hurricane Harvey relief .
The Boys & Girls Clubs of the Coastal Plain held several fundraisers this fall .
They collected about a thousand dollars for fellow clubs in Houston .
Officials say the children know the feeling of loss after Hurricane Matthew and wanted to help others in need .
“ They were very appreciative that someone had reached out , ” Chief Operating Officer Donyell Jones said . “ I remember when Matthew hit our region . A lot of clubs and organizations reached out to us to see what our needs were and so it was sort of like paying it forward and the kids seeing what we were able to receive , donations from other people . ”
More than a dozen clubs across the East participated and used the money to send board games , card games and more to those in the greater Houston area .
Photo : Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning ( Dec. 10 ) , the Hollywood Foreign Press Association ( HFPA ) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards . A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event , which will honor 2017 's best in film and television .
Related : Snoop Dogg , Carrie Underwood , Mary J. Blige , Ice-T , Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound . In addition to a Best Song nomination for “ Mighty River , ” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress . The singer 's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year .
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “ The Star , ” their contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name . “ This Is Me ” from The Greatest Showman , “ Remember Me ” from Coco and “ Home ” from Ferdinand round out the category . “ Home ” was performed by Nick Jonas .
Radiohead 's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score , for Phantom Thread composition .
Director Guillermo del Toro 's The Shape of the Water led this year 's Globe nominations with seven . Steven Spielberg 's Watergate drama The Post earned six , along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri .
In this May 28 , 2018 , photo , President Donald Trump speaks during a Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington , Va. Trump on Tuesday seized on an error by liberal activists who tweeted photos of young-looking immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico border in steel cages and blamed the current administration for separating immigrant children from their parents . The photos were taken by The Associated Press in 2014 , when President Barack Obama was in office . The photo captions reference children who crossed the border as unaccompanied minors . Evan Vucci AP Photo
ROCK SPRINGS — The Rock Springs Historical Museum staff has put the Marguerite Santa on display for the Holidays in their traditional spot in front of the firehouse doors .
Viewers can stop and watch the small mechanical Santa play Christmas music on the pipe organ just like they did at Marguerite 's Gift Shop years ago .
The Marguerite Santa has been fascinating children and adults since it was put on display in Marguerite Parker Galicich 's North Front Street Gift Shop window in 1946 or 1947 .
Stories differ whether Marguerite 's husband , Albert Galicich , bought the Santa in New York while on leave during the Second World War , or if it was purchased in Denver after they returned home .
For thirty years , until Christmas 1977 , children lingered at Marguerite 's to see the little velvet clad Santa whenever they were downtown .
After closing Marguerite Gift Shop in the spring of 1978 the Santa went into storage and reappeared in 1980 in Carmen Berta 's antique shop before moving to Hurricane , Utah .
In 1994 that the Marguerite Santa made a brief one season only visit to the Rock Springs Historical Museum before returning to Berta 's care .
Finally , in 2007 , through the efforts of former Museum Coordinator Bob Nelson and Museum Technician Janice Brown the Santa was returned to Rock Springs , able to delight young and old alike each holiday season .
The Marguerite Santa will play nightly , from 6:30 to 7:30 pm at the Rock Springs Historical Museum through the night of January 7 . They will return next winter to the delight of many in Rock Springs !
The European Court of Human Rights ( ECHR ) in Strasbourg will rule on Tuesday on whether 14 men interned in Northern Ireland in 1971 were tortured .
The court ruled in 1978 that the treatment of the so-called “ hooded men ” had amounted to inhuman and degrading treatment , but not torture .
The case was taken by the Irish government against the UK , and a revised ruling was sought in 2014 on the basis of new information disclosed by RTÉ .
The ECHR , which sits in Strasbourg , is an international court that hears cases involving alleged breaches of the European Convention on Human Rights , article 3 of which prohibits torture and degrading treatment .
The 14 men were taken to Ballykelly army base in Co Derry and made to stand in a strained , spread-eagled position against a wall ; deprived of food and water ; deprived of sleep ; hooded ; and subjected to white noise .
Ireland alleges that the new evidence , if known at the time , would have led to a finding of torture . The new evidence is contained in UK documents released to the public archives since the original hearing .
The court allows a party to request that a finding be revised “ in the event of the discovery of a fact which might by its nature have a decisive influence and which , when a judgment was delivered , was unknown to the court and could not reasonably have been known to that party ” .
Ireland argued that the new documents show the London government knew its core argument at the original hearing – that the effects of the five interrogation techniques used on the men were not severe or long-lasting – was untrue .
Press conference
The ruling from the court is expected at approximately 9am Irish time . A press conference with some of the men affected is to take place in Belfast at 11.30am .
Following the revelations in the RTÉ programme , Amnesty International requested the Irish Government to seek a review from the ECHR . It also demanded an independent inquiry in the case of the men .
Amnesty has backed the men 's campaign for decades , and first reported on their torture during a 1971 mission to Northern Ireland to investigate internment . What happened to the men was also taken up by Catholic priests Fr Raymond Murray and Fr Denis Faul .
The decision to use the controversial methods in Northern Ireland was a political one taken at a high level in London , the released documents indicate .
The men taken to the Ballykelly centre were : Jim Auld , Pat Shivers , Joe Clarke , Michael Donnelly , Kevin Hannaway , Paddy Joe McLean , Francie McGuigan , Patrick McNally , Sean McKenna , Gerry McKerr , Michael Montgomery , Davy Rodgers , Liam Shannon and Brian Turley .
Amnesty has said the 1978 ruling of the Strasbourg court has been relied upon by the US , Israel and the UK in the so-called War on Terror .
“ The 1978 European Court judgment was , in our view , erroneous , and it created a terrible precedent , ” Amnesty 's Patrick Corrigan has said .
The techniques used against the men in the secret interrogation centre in Ballykelly had been used by the British army over decades in a number of former colonies .
It was made famous by James Bond in the 1964 film `` Goldfinger , '' and this particular version was given its lived-in quality by the frontman of one of rock-and-roll 's biggest bands . Now you , too , can own the Aston Martin DB5 likely driven to Bron-Yr-Aur and across the land of the ice and snow by none other than Robert Plant .
The website Classic Driver is offering the 1965 DB5 coupe owned by Plant , who is most famous as the former lead singer of hard rock titans Led Zeppelin , from the early 1970s until 1986 , when they sold it to father and son collectors based in England . Painted in Dubonnet Rose , the four-seater GT has 62,400 miles on it , a tan leather interior and what must be many , many untold stories of rock-and-roll excess .
The DB5 , which updated the DB4 , had an all-aluminum 4.0-liter , DOHC straight-six engine that made 285 horsepower and 280 pound-feet of torque mated to a full synchromesh ZF five-speed gearbox . It also featured three SU carburetors , twin hydraulic brake servos , Girling disc brakes and the early use of electric windows . It became famous as James Bond 's third but most recognizable card , with a prototype version full of gadgets used by Sean Connery in `` Goldfinger , '' and the car re-appearing in several subsequent Bond movies and with different actors .
This particular DB5 was restored by Aston Martin agents Chapman Spooner shortly after Plant sold it in 1986 , and the car was entered into a number of Aston Martin Owners Club events during the '80s . The current owner bought it in 2008 from Nicholas Mee & Co. , used it very sparingly and kept the car in a controlled environment . Given the lore that surrounded Led Zeppelin in its heady '70s rock-juggernaut days , it 's remarkable that the car survived intact as well as it apparently has .
The DB5 was apparently a popular one among British rock royalty of the era , as Bonhams Bond Street just sold a '64 version previously owned by Paul McCartney for $ 1.8 million .
Related Video :
We know that Ajay Devgn and Kajol are doting parents to Nysa and Yug . While most of the star kids are expected to choose the same profession their parents are in , one wonders if Nysa too would end up following their parent 's footsteps .
Unlike Sridevi who in one of their previous interviews , revealed how they were a little apprehensive about their daughter Jhanvi joining the showbiz , Kajol has a different take on their daughter taking a plunge in Bollywood .
When quizzed if they and their husband Ajay would be comfortable if Nysa plans to take up acting as a career , here 's what the 'VIP 2 ' actor had to say ...
'Ajay Is A Very Understanding Father ' Kajol was quoted as saying to a leading daily , `` Ajay is a very understanding and accepting father . We wo n't force our kids to take the profession we are in , but if they want it themselves , we will support them . ''
' I Hope My Relationship With My Children Keeps Changing With Time , Age And Maturity ' Earlier while talking to Pinkvilla , Kajol had said , `` As for my relationship with my children , I hope it keeps changing with time , age and maturity for one reason that at one point of time I felt they were quite helpless . They grew into being individuals and hopefully I have brought them up well enough that I know a good mother and god willing I will turn into a great friend eventually . ''
Nysa Thinks Them Mother Is Too Sentimental About Things In the same interview Kajol had mentioned , `` She thinks I am too sentimental about things . They think I get touched , upset very easily . They think I am a little OTT . But I guess , it is okay . Children are bound to think that of their parents . ''
'Nysa Has A Good Head On Them Shoulders ' Kajol was quoted as saying , `` Honestly , they do n't have that many ( mood-swings ) . They are quite stable that way , I have to say considering all the other children I see of them age . They have a good head on their shoulders . I talk to them a lot about random stuff . I know when I hear their opinions about certain things that they are very intelligent and a balanced girl and that gives me a hope for the future . ''
'Yug Has Grown Up With Our Stardom ' `` I think they have grown up with our stardom . I do n't know if they went through a period of getting used to it . As far as stardom is concerned , we keep it at the gate , no further . We try to keep them balanced and normal . So , they are very very normal children . ''
Well , it 's quite refreshing to hear Kajol talking so candidly about my kids !
NewsBioethics , End of Life , Politics - U.S .
SALEM , Oregon , June 13 , 2017 ( LifeSiteNews ) – A bill allowing the starvation and dehydration of dementia and mentally ill patients against their will passed the Oregon Senate 17-13 on June 8 .
Oregon Right to Life has been battling SB494 since it was introduced , warning it 's a `` devious '' bill that 's `` craftily written so as to hide its true intent . ''
SB494 would remove safeguards in Oregon law that protect the right of patients to receive food and water as part of basic treatment . It would give healthcare representatives power to potentially coerce doctors into starving patients against their will .
Under current Oregon law , if it 's unclear what a mentally incompetent person desires or wants , the person 's healthcare representative does not have the authority to end the incompetent person 's life unless the person is in a specific end-of-life situation .
SB494 was introduced after a dispute between the husband of an Alzheimer 's patient and their nursing home . The patient , Nora Harris , had filled out an advance directive saying they did n't want to be fed intravenously .
They began needing helping to use utensils . Harris could still eat with their hands and was still expressing a desire to eat .
Them husband filed a lawsuit to get their nursing home to stop feeding them
The nursing home , Fern Gardens , said it would not force Harris to eat but that it only wanted to continue providing them the option of basic food and water . Mr. Harris lost ; the Harris family maintains that their mother would want to be starved and dehydrated rather than live in such a state .
The way advance directives currently work in Oregon preserves Oregonians ' ability to receive food and hydration even if they lose mental competency . SB494 would undermine this .
`` In spite of amendments , SB494 remains a deadly bill , '' Gayle Atteberry , executive director of Oregon Right to Life , told LifeSiteNews via email . `` It is a tragedy that the liberal senators believed the talking points of the big insurance companies and right-to-die proponents about this bill . ''
Atteberry said SB494 was sold `` as a basic 'update ' to Oregon law . The reality is that it will remove current safeguards in Oregon 's advance directive statute that protect conscious patients ' access to ordinary food and water when they no longer have the ability to make decisions about their own care . ''
Currently , a person in Oregon can fill out an advance directive that specifies the types of care they will want and designates a person as their healthcare representative if they become mentally incompetent .
`` The current form gives ample room for a person to write his/her complete instructions for end-of-life care including if the patient wants tube feeding or not , '' Oregon Right to Life explains . `` The law also limits the authority of a healthcare representative to make decisions for a patient to only what the patient designates on the form . ''
SB494 removes the advance directive document from established Oregon statute , meaning `` there could be situations where an incompetent person 's life may be ended according to the wishes of their healthcare representative , even if it 's against the unwritten or ambiguously written desires of the incompetent person . ''
The bill `` opens a door to a whole new classification of people who can be legally killed , '' Atteberry wrote in a June 7 blog post . It `` opens the doors to killing conscious , non-dying adults , incapacitated because of mental illness , who have not asked to be killed . The clear motive for the killing is money . A first grader can do the math as to how much money it saves to kill a person rather than allow them to live . ''
An Oregon Right to Life fact sheet explains , `` In the current advance directive , in order to make a life-ending decision for an incapable person , a healthcare representative must be expressly given the legal authority by the patient , except in limited circumstances ( ORS 127.540 ) . Senate Bill 494 removes the advance directive from statute and makes other changes that would eliminate this explicit limit on the authority of the healthcare representative . ''
`` Instead of a person having to opt out of life-sustaining treatment on an advance directive , Oregonians will likely need to specifically opt in to ensure that their healthcare representative does not end their lives , '' the pro-life group warns .
Only one Democrat , Sen. Betsy Johnson of Scappoose , voted against the bill . Only one Republican , Sen. Jeff Kruse of Roseburg , voted for it .
Kruse disregarded `` literally thousands of emails and phone calls from their own constituents , as well as detailed conversations with Oregon Right to Life lobbyists . '' By doing so , they `` put an end to their pro-life ethic , '' Oregon Right to Life declared .
`` We are grateful for the pro-life senators who stood by the truth , '' said Atteberry . `` We will now turn our attention to the House . ''
Oregon was the first state to legalize assisted suicide in 1997 .
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA— Vice President , Prof , Yemi Osinbajo , said , yesterday , that whereas ex-President Goodluck Jonathan 's administration spent only N153 billion on infrastructure in the three years preceding 2014 , N150 billion was shared in just two weeks before 2015 elections .
Osinbajo , who stated this at the 7th Presidential Quarterly Business Forum for private sector stakeholders at the Conference Centre , Old Banquet Hall , Presidential Villa , Abuja , also noted that corruption had not been completely dealt with by Presient Muhammadu Buhari 's administration .
Describing corruption as a cankerworm that had become systemic in the country , they said : “ I do not think that any consideration about our economic development can be properly and honestly done without fully analyzing corruption , especially grand corruption , in the public finance space .
“ You see that despite record high levels of oil prices , very little was invested in infrastructure and a record level of leakages was recorded in the past few years . This is the fundamental issue in our economy .
‘ 'Corruption affects everything . It affects even judgement as to what sort of infrastructure to put in place or whether infrastructure will ever be complete . It is so fundamental that we ca n't even think of our economy without thinking of what to do about it .
“ Sometimes when we talk about our economy , we talk about the fact that we have relied on single commodity and that is one of the reasons we are where we are . Yes , that 's quite true but the fact is that proceeds from that single commodity were regularly hijacked consistently by a few .
‘ 'That is really the problem . If we had spent the proceeds from that single commodity the way we ought to , we wo n't be where we are today . Most of the proceeds went to rent seekers in the industry and production .
“ For example , I am sure many of us are familiar with the so-called Strategic Alliance Contract with the NNPC and NDDC . The promoters of the companies made away with close to $ 3 billion , almost a tenth of our reserves .
‘ 'There is no way , if someone made away with a tenth of your reserves , that you will not have a major economic shock . And if we do n't deal with it , if we do n't talk about it , how will we be able to discuss our economy in a real honest way , with a view to ensuring that these things do not happen again ?
“ In one single transaction , a few weeks to the 2015 elections , sums of a $ 100,289 million were just frittered away by a few . When you consider that in 2014 , as the Minister of Finance has said , that oil price was an average of $ 110 a barrel and only N99 billion was spent on power , works and housing and when we talk about the economy , we talk as if these are normal by every standard .
“ Nobody should talk about the economy when you have this kind of huge leakages and huge corruption , corruption that completely makes nonsense of even what you are allocating to capital projects .
They further stated that when the government was committed in fighting corruption because of the systematic problem , corruption always fought back .
Osinbajo said : “ I am not saying that corruption under this administration has been completely dealt with , no , certainly not . Where corruption has become systematic such as we have in our country today , you can not deal with it in one fell swoop ; it is not possible .
“ In any event , you still have a lot of corruption fighting back . The system fights back and its both an internal and external fight back and you have to be steadfast and strategic to win the battle .
“ There is no way that you have a system such as ours that has consistently thrived on corruption and proceeds of corruption and public financing in particular , that will give up and say guys , the problem has been solved . No .
“ It is a system that feeds on corruption and it affects all aspects of governance , so trying to deal with it is certainly not a walk in the pack .
“ But I want to say that that task has already begun and that task is being done consistently and I believe that going forward in the next few years , no matter how we are criticized , if we stick to policy , especially controlling excesses and corruption in public finance , this country will make the kind of progress that it deserves to make with all the resources at our disposal . ''
Speaking at the meeting , the organized private sector , OPS , called on the Federal Government to rehabilitate ports in the eastern flank of the country , such as Warri , Port Harcourt , Onitsha and Calabar , in order to boost the economy .
It added that most of the importers were from the area where the ports had been abandoned and made dormant .
OPS said if the eastern seaports were opened , it would be easier for them to clear their goods .
The multi-year deal was announced last night ( Aug. 13 ) , revealing that Rhimes ' industry-defining company Shondaland will now produce series and other projects for Netflix alongside . Them longtime production partner and executive producer Betsy Beers is also coming along for the exciting ride . But Rhimes is still set to continue working on their various ABC series . They are the mastermind behind award-winning dramas like Grey 's Anatomy , Scandal and How to Get Away With Murder ( all of which are currently streaming on Netflix with older episodes ) .
“ Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television , ” Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos said in a statement . “ Her work is gripping , inventive , pulse-pounding , heart-stopping , taboo-breaking television at its best . I 've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she 's a true Netflixer at heart—she loves TV and films , they care passionately about their work , and they deliver for their audience . We 're so excited to welcome them to Netflix . ”
Rhimes also shared a statement , saying :
`` Shondaland 's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan [ Netflix Chief Content Officer ] Ted Sarandos and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company . Ted provides a clear , fearless space for creators at Netflix . They understood what I was looking for—the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix 's singular sense of innovation . The future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities . ''
According to Variety , the producer 's contract with ABC Studios will expire on June 2018 . They are also prepping the premiere of new legal drama For the People during ABC 's 2017-2018 season . Scandal will also fold after seven seasons . But before we get more details on Rhimes ' plans with Netflix , take it back to 2013 where Reggie Watts praises the `` dopeness '' of Netflix at Bonnaroo :
Photo by : Naoki Fukuda
Danny Jacobs believes it 's a mistake for Gennady Golovkin 's camp to be making plans for a potential June 10 fight with Billy Joe Saunders in Golovkin 's native Kazakhstan with Golovkin first set to take on Jacobs on March 18 at Madison Square Garden on HBO PPV .
“ For them to overlook me like that , there 's no way that can be good for them , ” Jacobs told RingTV.com on Monday night from their training camp in Oakland , California . “ No way whatsoever is that good for them mentally to already be prepping for another fight . ”
While Golovkin promoter Tom Loeffler remains coy on a possible Golovkin-Saunders match-up , multiple sources have indicated to RingTV.com that Golovkin 's side is in talks with Saunders for a potential fight in Kazakhstan on June 10 . Jacobs thinks it 's a sign he 's not being taken seriously as an opponent for Golovkin 's WBA/WBC/IBF middleweight titles .
“ There 's no way that can be good energy for them because in some way , shape or form that 's overlooking me and that 's one thing you ca n't do , especially with the way I 'm preparing for this fight , ” Jacobs told RING . “ This is the fight of my life , the fight of my career and for them to be prepping for another fight — man . ”
Jacobs believes it all portends to an upset victory for them on March 18 . “ To be honest , it 's adding up , all the things that 's happening , them not really taking me serious and the fans are viewing me as the clear underdog , ” Jacobs went on . “ I 'm super-duper not supposed to win this fight in the eyes of the public and in the eyes of their team and everybody else and I truly in my heart believe I will win this fight . So for me , it 's going to be a great story . Everyone loves those comeback stories and for them to be doing all these things and for them to be touted as the boogeyman and he 's one of the most feared guys in boxing and he 's sparring with light heavyweights and dropping them — all this stuff you can possibly imagine , I 'm just telling you — mark my words , it 's going to bite them in the ass . ”
Gregg Bell joined The News Tribune in July 2014 . Bell had been the director of writing for the University of Washington 's athletic department for four years . They were the senior national sports writer in Seattle for The Associated Press from 2005-10 , covering the Seahawks in their first Super Bowl season and beyond . He 's also been The Sacramento Bee 's beat writer on the Oakland Athletics and Raiders . The native of Steubenville , Ohio , is a 1993 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , N.Y. , and a 2000 graduate of the University of California , Berkeley 's Graduate School of Journalism .
The All Blacks ' coaching staff will use Friday 's game against Samoa as a full dress rehearsal for the majority of their frontline team in readiness for the first Test against the Lions at Eden Park eight days later .
The exceptions are the injured duo of captain and number eight Kieran Read and centre Ryan Crotty , both of whom the management hope will be fit next week . Read has been sidelined with a fractured thumb which is close to mending , while Crotty has a rib cartilage injury .
In Read 's absence , another key member of the All Blacks ' World Cup-winning side , Hurricanes fullback Ben Smith , will captain the side . In the absence of Crotty – and not surprisingly after their match-winning performance for the Blues against the Lions – Sonny Bill Williams has been recalled for their first Test since the World Cup final win over Australia , when their trademark offload led to Ma ' a Nonu 's match-clinching try .
Williams will be partnered by Anton Lienert-Brown while Smith will be flanked by Julien Savea , whose 45 Test tries puts them within four of Doug Howlett 's record of 49 tries , and Israel Dagg .
Three brothers
Aaron Smith has fended off the challenge of TJ Perenara to partner World Player of the Year Beauden Barrett in the established halfback combination , and , on the occasion of their 50th cap , the latter could be joined by their brothers Scott and Jordie in what would be a unique achievement by three brothers in an All Blacks Test .
Jordie Barrett , who plays alongside their brother at both centre and full-back , is in line for their debut along with another Hurricanes ' team-mate , Tongan-born lock-cum-blindside flanker Vaea Fifita .
In Read 's absence , Ardie Savea will start at number eight , a position which they have played a number of times this year for the Hurricanes , but never before in a Test .
The options for Steve Hansen and co were restricted here as Liam Squire is still recovering from a broken thumb , while the coaches have chosen to keep Jerome Kaino at blindside , an indicator perhaps that Read will return next week .
As expected , the Crusaders hooker Codie Taylor starts in the absence of the brilliant Dane Coles , who has been sidelined for several months with concussion issues , in an otherwise first choice tight five .
‘ Capable opponent '
Hansen said : “ Whilst we asked for this game to help us prepare for the DHL New Zealand Lions Series , once it became a reality , it then took on its own importance – this is a Test match against a quality and very capable opponent . Samoa is about to kick off the qualifying stage of their Rugby World Cup campaign , so this will make them even more dangerous . The Samoans are always a challenge and will play with a high level of physicality and skill . At the very minimum , we will need to match that .
“ This first week has been about bringing together the players from the five different Super clubs and reintroducing them to the All Blacks way . We 've had a good week and are really looking forward to this match .
“ It 's going to be a unique night with two Tests being played at the same venue featuring four teams that are well known to New Zealand fans . It 's a night that should n't be missed , as I 'm picking there will be a lot of great rugby played so get on down there and show your support . ”
New Zealand v Samoa ( with Test caps in brackets . * denotes new cap ) :
1 . Joe Moody ( 24 )
2 . Codie Taylor ( 15 )
3 . Owen Franks ( 90 )
4 . Brodie Retallick ( 60 )
5 . Samuel Whitelock ( 84 )
6 . Jerome Kaino ( 77 )
7 . Sam Cane ( 40 )
8 . Ardie Savea ( 12 )
9 . Aaron Smith ( 58 )
10 . Beauden Barrett ( 49 )
11 . Julian Savea ( 52 )
12 . Sonny Bill Williams ( 33 )
13 . Anton Lienert-Brown ( 9 )
14 . Israel Dagg ( 61 )
15 . Ben Smith – captain ( 60 )
16 . Nathan Harris ( 4 )
17 . Wyatt Crockett ( 58 )
18 . Charlie Faumuina ( 46 )
19 . Scott Barrett ( 4 )
20 . Vaea Fifita *
21 . T J Perenara ( 29 )
22 . Lima Sopoaga ( 6 )
23 . Jordie Barrett *
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
Lagos – The absence of a prosecution witness on Monday stalled the ongoing trial of a former Governor of Oyo State , Rasheed Ladoja , for alleged N4.7 billion money laundering charge at a Federal High Court , Lagos .
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) is prosecuting Ladoja alongside a former State Commissioner for Finance , Waheed Akanbi .
The duo was arraigned on Dec. 14 , 2016 before Justice Mohammed Idris on an eight-count charge bordering on N4.7 billion money laundering .
Both pleaded not guilty to the charges and were granted bails .
However , at the resumed hearing of the case on Monday , the EFCC Prosecutor , Mr Oluwafemi Olabisi , apologised that they could not proceed because of the absence of their witness , a director in the service of Oyo State Government .
Olabisi told the court that the witness was attending a meeting with the World Bank in Lagos but had pleaded to be in court on Tuesday .
They urged the court to adjourn the case until March 20 and March 21 as the dates were already set down for the continuation of the trial .
Mr Bolaji Onilenla and Mr Adeyinka Olumide-Fusika , counsel to the first and second defendants , did not object to the request for an adjournment , but urged the prosecuting counsel to ensure that their witnesses were in court on the agreed dates .
Justice Mohammed Idris adjourned the case until March 20 and March 21 for continuation of trial .
The defendants are alleged to have conspired , siphoned and laundered N4.7 billion from the coffers of Oyo State .
The EFCC is also accusing the defendants of converting the sum of N1.9 billion belonging to the state to personal use , using the account of a company — Heritage Apartments Ltd — to commit the crime .
It claimed that they retained the money sometime in 2007 in spite of their knowledge that it was proceeds from a criminal activity .
Ladoja was accused of removing 600,000 pounds from the state coffers in 2007 which they allegedly sent to Bimpe Ladoja , their daughter , who was in London at the time .
In addition , the ex-governor was also accused of converting a sum of N42 million belonging to the state to their personal use and subsequently used same to purchase an armoured Land Cruiser jeep .
Ladoja also allegedly converted N728 million and another N77 million at different times in 2007 to their personal use and transferred the money to Bistrum Investments to purchase a property in Ibadan on their behalf .
The offences contravened Sections 14 , 16 , 17 ( a ) and 18 ( 1 ) of the Money Laundering ( Prohibition ) Act , 2004 . ( NAN )
February 2004 : Sex And The City airs its final episode on HBO after six seasons . As revealed in later interviews , the first SATC movie was supposed to go into production not long after the series wrap , but was delayed due to several factors , including rumoured salary negotiations .
According to The Telegraph in 2008 , tensions between Kim Cattrall and the rest of the cast worsened after they asked for a raise in wake of Sarah Jessica Parker 's season two promotion to executive producer . Insiders told The Telegraph that SJP , Kristin Davis , and Cynthia Nixon began to distance themselves from Kim even during “ meal times. ” ( In a 2010 interview with Marie Claire , Davis would shoot down this mealtime rumour , calling it “ ridiculous . ” )
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
September 2004 : The distance makes its way to the Emmys as Kim sits noticeably far away from their SATC co-stars . At the HBO after-party , all four women are spotted in attendance but only three are photographed celebrating the show 's newest Emmys . ( SJP and Nixon won for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series and Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series , respectively . )
Getty
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty
Kim later offered this explanation ( via The Telegraph ) , “ Are we the best of friends ? No . We 're professional actores . We have our own separate lives . ”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
December 2004 : In an interview with Jonathan Ross , Kim offers some light on the long-rumoured salary negotiations .
`` I felt after six years it was time for all of us to participate in the financial windfall of Sex And The City . When they did n't seem keen on that I thought it was time to move on. ” Cattrall added that they had asked for $ 1 million per episode ( more than double the reported $ 350,000 they were making ) .
May 2008 : Speaking to The Telegraph on the set of the first SATC movie ( in an interview published the week the movie was released ) , SJP defends their friendship with Kim and commends them for bringing up the whole paycheck issue . “ Honestly , we are all friends and I wish I saw more of Kim . They mentioned money and no one should vilify them for it . People made a decision that we had vilified them No one bothered to say [ to the rest of us ] , ‘ Are you disappointed by not making the movie ? ' Yes . ‘ Do you respect and support their choice to not do it ? ' Absolutely . ”
In the same interview , Kim says they were going through “ a really tough time ” when initial discussions for the movie began . “ I was going through a divorce and my job of seven years was coming to an end . Then my dad was diagnosed with dementia . So I took a step back and returned to Canada , where my family is – that 's the reason behind it . It was n't all about the money . ”
Kim Cattrall and Sarah Jessica Parker at the Sex and the City movie premiere in NYC in May 2008 . Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
June 2008 : In a Marie Claire roundup published in support of the first SATC film 's release , feud rumours and contract disputes are brought up again . According to series creator Darren Star , the cast 's “ chemistry ” was never forced .
`` When you do a series for so many years , you ca n't fake it completely . '' Says Chris Albrecht , former CEO of HBO , “ Sarah was becoming more and more famous , and their salary increased beyond what was contractually committed , which is normal for hit shows . The other actores wanted to keep up. ” Mario Cantone ( Anthony on SATC ) , also chimed in : “ Certain people were vilified in some articles , and others were vilified in other articles . It 's interesting how they never write stuff like that about the men on The Sopranos . They always go after the women . They just do . ”
November 2009 : In an interview with Elle , SJP says , `` I do n't think anybody wants to believe that I love Kim . I adore them I would n't have done the movie without them Did n't and would n't , '' referring to the delays in making the first SATC movie .
January 2010 : When the alleged feud is brought up during an interview with The Daily Mail , Kim offers this : “ I think Sarah was right : people do n't want to believe that we get on . They have too much invested in the idea of two strong , successful women fighting with each other . It makes for juicy gossip and copy . The truth of us being friends and getting along and happily doing our jobs together is nowhere near as newsworthy . I think Sarah is fantastic… They and I are sick of this . It 's exhausting talking about it , and a real bore . Next ? ”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Kim Cattrall and Sarah Jessica Parker on the set of the final season of Sex and the City in 2003 . Getty
May 2010 : Ahead of Sex And The City 2 's release , the four women address the longtime feud rumours that wo n't seem to quit in Marie Claire . “ When you 're on set , you 're working 90-hour weeks , you 're never home , you 're exhausted , ” says SJP . “ There are times when all of us have been sensitive , and sometimes feelings get hurt . But I do n't have any regrets about how I 've treated people. ” Kim says the cast 's “ chemistry ” remains `` very strong , ” adding that the feud rumours have n't been laid to rest because of the press . “ Things just have to be explosive for no other reason than for people 's imaginations . ”
June 2016 : Speaking to The Daily Record , Kim says it does n't feel right to make a third SATC movie , given the change in “ climate. ” They also add that the cast 's respective schedules would get in the way . “ Everyone is doing their own thing and if it was going to happen , it would have happened by now . It would be a challenge to do a third instalment . It could be fun though . To say goodbye completely to Samantha would be pretty hard . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
August 2016 : SJP wishes Kim a happy 60th birthday by posting this throwback on Instagram , along with the message , “ Sending love and the very best for a perfectly marvellous , joyous , healthy and adventure filled birthday year . Your ol ' pal , fellow mischief maker and “ sister . ”
September 2016 : On how she 's dealt with rumours of feuds with SATC cast mates through the years , SJP tells Time , “ It was always so heartbreaking to me that there was this narrative about Kim and myself because it just did n't reflect anything that happened on that set . They just did n't do it to the Sopranos guys . It was so strange to me and upsetting . I posted something on Kim 's birthday and people were like “ Oh my God , I did n't know you liked her ! ” What ? We were all at liberty to walk away at any time ! But nobody asked those questions of shows with men . Is n't that interesting ? ”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
October 2016 : Speaking to Howard Stern on their radio show , SJP continues to highlight the problem with pitting women against each other . `` These were my sisters , these were people that I grew to love and admire… Was every day perfect ? Were people always desperately , hopefully in love with each other ? No , but this is a family of people who needed each other , relied upon each other , and loved each other . This sort of narrative , this ongoing catfight , it really used to upset . It was usually about bad behaviour on the set . I take very seriously , my reputation . I work really hard and I treat people well . I have a work ethic that 's very meaningful to me and it 's based on the affection I feel for the people I get to work with . To suggest that I 'm behaving poorly or not treating somebody well ... It would drive me bananas . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
September 2017 : SJP confirms that there are no longer plans to make a third Sex And The City film . “ It 's over… we 're not doing it , ” they tell Extra . “ I 'm disappointed . We had this beautiful , funny , heartbreaking , joyful , very relatable script and story . It 's not just disappointing that we do n't ' get to tell the story and have that experience , but more so for that audience that has been so vocal in wanting another movie . ”
Following the announcement and The Daily Mail 's report that the film was cancelled because Kim demanded that Warner Bros. produce their other projects along with SATC 3 , Kim takes to Twitter to clear the air .
Woke 2 a @ MailOnline 💩storm ! The only 'DEMAND ' I ever made was that I did n't want to do a 3rd film .... & that was back in 2016 — Kim Cattrall ( @ KimCattrall ) September 29 , 2017
Before the day ends , Willie Garson ( Stanford ) shares a cryptic tweet and Kristin Davis says goodbye to Charlotte York on Instagram :
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Disappointed for all crew holding on for negotiations to conclude for their jobs , and of course , for the fans . Leave it at that . # Truth — Willie Garson ( @ WillieGarson ) September 29 , 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
October 2017 : Speaking to Piers Morgan on their show Life Stories ( via The Daily Mail ) , Kim continues to make their case . “ And now , now at this very moment it 's quite extraordinary to get any kind of negative press about something that I 've been saying for almost a year of 'no ' that I 'm demanding or a diva ... I never asked for any money , I never asked for any projects , to be thought of as some kind of diva is absolutely ridiculous . '' Of SJP , they say , “ This is really where I take to task the people from Sex And The City and specifically Sarah Jessica Parker in that I think they could have been nicer . I really think they could have been nicer . ”
According to Kim , the means of communication leading up to the demise of SATC 3 was not great . “ Another thing that 's really disappointing is that nobody ever picks up the phone and tries to contact you and say , 'How are you doing ? ' That would have been the way to handle it… And usually what happens in a healthy relationship is that someone , or a transaction for a job in my business , is that someone says , 'Are you available ? ' and you say 'Yes ' and here 's the job and you say 'Yes , but thank you very much but I 'm sort of over here right now but thank you very much , ' and that person turns to you , and they say 'That 's great , good luck to you , I wish you the best . ' That 's not what happened here , this is , it feels like a toxic relationship . ''
They also add , `` This is n't about more money , this is not about more scenes , it 's not about any of those things . This is about a clear decision , an empowered decision in my life to end one chapter and start another . I 'm 61 . It 's now . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
January 2018 : SJP appears on Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen and says they are “ just heartbroken '' over what has transpired with Kim . `` I mean , that whole week , you and I spoke about it endlessly , because I was just… I do n't know , I found it very upsetting because that 's not the way I recall our experience . ''
`` It 's sad , '' they continued . `` But I always think that what ties us together was this singular experience . It was a professional experience but it became personal because it was years and years of our lives . So I 'm hoping that that eclipses anything that 's been recently spoken . That many years spent doing something so special that people had a connection with is such a privilege . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
February 2018 : After the sad passing of Kim 's brother , Cynthia and SJP reach out to send their condolences . But Kim rejects SJP 's `` love and support '' , and labels them a hypocrite .
A few days later , SJP said that there had never been a fight between them and Kim in the first place . In an interview with People , SJP said : `` I never talked about it , except [ to say ] that some of us were disappointed [ about the movie not happening ] .
`` But I never responded to the conversation Kim had with Piers Morgan , where they said things that were really hurtful about me . We had this experience and it was amazing , and nothing will ever be like it . We had a connection with an audience , and we had a connection with the city and with this crew , and we got to tell these crazy stories with each other .
They continued : `` So I do n't want to mess with that . I could n't imagine anyone else playing that part . So there was no fight ; it was completely fabricated , because I actually never responded . And I wo n't , because they needed to say what they needed to say , and that is their privilege . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
April 2018 : SJP continues to claim she 's never said anything mean to Kim .
They told Vulture : `` I 'd just like to remind everybody that there is no catfight . I have never uttered an unkind , unsupportive , unfriendly word , so I would love to redefine it .
`` If they choose not to do the third movie , there 's not a lot I can do to change their mind and we must respect it . That 's the only thing I 've ever said about it , you know ? ''
They added : `` The three of us ( SJP , Cynthia and Kristin ) have shared our disappointment that we 're not making that movie , not just on our behalf but our crew , but also just the people that have been vocal about wanting to see it .
HBO
`` But we still live in a free country where people get to make choices , and sometimes the answer is 'no ' , and the only way to respond for me is to respect that . But , no , there is no catfight , there never has been a catfight .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
`` I 've never fought with someone publicly in my life , nor would I . And I spent time with all of the women on the set . People need to recall that it was n't just two women on the set fighting , because that just never happened . We are enormously proud of what we got to do ...
`` We spent 10 , 12 years of our life doing something that I really loved and I feel privileged to be part of and I do n't want this to eclipse it or change its experience for that audience that was so good to us for so long . ''
The Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors decided Tuesday not to approve switching the Juvenile Justice Mental Health services from county staff to a private contractor — at least not yet .
After much discussion Tuesday , the board decided to approve a contract with Corizon for medical services at the County Jail , Santa Maria Juvenile Hall and Los Prietos Boys Camp , which have been in effect for a few years . Corizon has been providing mental health services for the County Jail since 2009 , and Sheriff Bill Brown said its work has been “ nothing short of exemplary . ”
Costs for using staff members from the Alcohol , Drug and Mental Health Services Department have been increasing every year , and Probation Chief Bev Taylor proposed using Corizon for the Juvenile Hall and Boys Camp to save about $ 300,000 next year in the face of yearly budget cuts .
The proposal has nothing to do with the services provided , which are excellent , they said .
The proposed $ 10.8 million contract was for two years , covering all medical , mental health and pharmaceutical services for the Sheriff 's and Probation departments . Staffing and service levels would remain the same for the Juvenile Justice Mental Health program under the contract , Taylor said .
The supervisors were n't entirely convinced , particularly about having people on-call for emergency situations and quick evaluations . They delayed a decision for mental health services and ordered the Juvenile Justice Coordinating Council to take a look at the contract .
Supervisor Janet Wolf has been one of the most outspoken about their concerns .
“ I ca n't help but think , if it 's not broken , why fix it , ” they said . “ If it 's a matter of $ 300,000 , then we need to look at our values and what these kids are going through , the mental illness these kids are going through , and the treatment that they will be receiving . I just urge all of us to take careful note in the significant change . We did it with the adult population and at that time I had concerns about that , but to make this change to the kids is rather drastic , and I would submit unnecessary , and we should be able to find the funding to keep the system in place that 's working . ”
Supervisor Steve Lavagnino noted the concerns and said they would be supportive of the contract if it truly keeps the same service levels .
“ If we ca n't afford what we have then we are broken , financially , ” they noted .
The medical and pharmaceutical parts of the Corizon contract were approved unanimously , and the issue of mental health services for juveniles will come back at a future meeting .
Cmdr . Darin Fotheringham , who oversees jail operations , noted that pharmaceutical costs are constantly rising as well . The cost per year is decided by the medical issues of inmates , but the costs have bounced between $ 500,000 and $ 700,000 per year for the last five years .
Famously , the County Jail had an inmate last year who would have cost the county $ 510,000 in medical bills alone had they spent a whole year in custody , Fotheringham said .
The man , whose name and condition were n't released due to patient privacy laws , was booked into the County Jail for attempted murder and a year 's worth of their medicine exceeded the entire budget for prescription drugs for all inmates .
The Sheriff 's Department expects some savings by using Corizon for pharmaceutical services , as a pass-through pharmacy , they said . Probation spends $ 100,000 to $ 200,000 per year on pharmaceutical services . Last year , in 2011-12 , costs went up 41 and 28 percent , respectively , for the Sheriff and Probation departments .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
A landlord who was renting 24 apartments at a private student accommodation block to Brazilian students in Dublin has not returned deposits to nearly 40 tenants after they lost the contract for running the complex three months ago .
Spencer Accommodation , a small firm run by Basilio Carvalho ( 28 ) , was renting 24 apartments to English language school students at Hazelwood Student Village , in Santry , north Dublin .
In February , their subletting agreement with Hazelwood Village was terminated . Correspondence sent to tenants from the accommodation 's management firm Impactive , stated : “ Spencer 's contract stipulated that they must pay a monthly rent per apartments to Hazelwood . They defaulted on their payments . ”
After this , the firm said “ we were forced to serve them with a notice to quit ” .
Tenants were told in the email that Spencer Accommodation had refused to transfer students ' booking deposits to Impactive . In most cases tenants then signed licence to reside contracts directly with Impactive to last until May or later in the summer .
In late March , Mr Carvalho promised to return deposits to all former tenants , if given 28 days notice , according to emails to tenants seen by The Irish Times .
However , two months later 39 tenants are still waiting to be repaid their deposits , Mr Carvalho acknowledged .
Activists
On Monday a group of tenants along with housing activists from Dublin Central Housing Action confronted Mr Carvalho in their office on Eustace St , Temple Bar , and refused to leave for several hours . On Tuesday , the activists and several other tenants protested outside their office building , demanding their deposits be returned .
Samantha Rodrigues Siqueira ( 24 ) moved into an apartment in Hazelwood last December , before the contract with Spencer Accommodation was terminated .
“ We request our deposit in March , now it 's almost June and we just got it today , ” they said . Ms Rodrigues Siqueira , who is from Brazil and studying English in Dublin , said they had tried to contact Mr Carvalho several times . “ He always says maybe tomorrow , and that 's why people are so angry at him . It was difficult for everybody , ” they said .
Ms Rodrigues Siqueira and their boyfriend Mauricio Alves Lucas ( 22 ) both had their €400 deposits returned on Tuesday , after they confronted Mr Carvalho at their office .
Problems
Sebastián Gutiérrez Ávalos was another Brazilian student renting one of the apartments , who returned home in March . They had “ a lot of problems ” getting their deposit back from Mr Carvalho , they told The Irish Times .
“ I left Dublin ( on ) 25th March , and Basilio said to me that the same day I will receive my deposit , but it was false , ” they said . Only after persistently contacting Mr Carvalho the money was given in cash to a friend in Dublin on May 3rd , they said .
Speaking to The Irish Times , Mr Carvalho said there were 39 tenants to whom they still had to return deposits . “ Everyone who left got the deposit back , I am completely confident , ” they said . Mr Carvalho , who moved to Dublin from Brazil nine years ago , said they would return the deposits to all tenants .
In a statement , Hazelwood Student Village said they had “ no direct relationship with any students taking up occupation in units under the management of Spencer , ” as the firm had been renting apartments and then subletting them .
“ Despite repeated requests to Spencer , deposits paid by affected students have not been paid across to Hazelwood , ” but the firm had been “ willing ” to try to help students recover their deposits , the statement said .
“ Hazelwood is also due significant rents for the period November 2017 to February 2018 , and has taken its own steps to recover this , ” it added .
Donald Trump has accused Russia of taking Crimea by force in a series of tweets seeking to distance themselves from allegations their team has links with Russia .
`` Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration . Was Obama too soft on Russia ? '' they tweeted .
It comes as Russia insisted it did not intend to return Crimea to Ukraine after the White House said Mr Trump expected the annexed Black Sea peninsula to be returned .
Mr Trump 's statement contradicts comments they made in an interview with ABC anchor George Stephanopoulos last year , when they said : “ The people of Crimea , from what I 've heard , would rather be with Russia than where they were . ''
Their tweet about Crimea came amid a series of posts accusing US intelligence agencies of illegally giving information to the media over their team 's alleged contact with Russian officials .
They also accused the `` fake news media '' of going `` crazy '' with `` conspiracy theories and blind hatred '' .
Mr Trump went on to say to call intelligence agencies `` very un-American ! '' and alleged they were giving out illegally giving out classified information `` like candy '' .
New Season and New Champions at the Rotax Winter Cup 2017
The 2017 Rotax Winter Cup got off to an exciting start for the new season at the Kartodromo Internationale Lucas Guerrero circuit at Valencia in Spain . Friday saw qualifying run under perfect sunny ‘ wintery ' conditions with some surprises from the rookies in the field , as well as some extremely close laptimes from the very competitive line-up . As the weather turned and rain threatened Saturday 's racing , the last round of the heat races was run in the wet . However , Sunday afternoon saw the sun out again at times along with fantastic battles for the Winter Cup titles and 3 Rotax Grand Finals tickets .
With the introduction of the Rotax Mini Max class to the event , the tiniest of the competitors kicked-off the track action Friday . Following several changes to the timesheet in the final laps of the initial session , it was Diaraf Keinde ( Tony Kart ) from the United Arab Emirates who posted the best lap to take pole position in the final moments . The Persistence Motorsport team driver said they were not at all surprised to be on pole position and happy to be starting on P1 for Saturday 's races . Oli Pylka ( Kosmic – UNIQ Racing ) from Poland managed to reclaim the next best grid place in a last lap dash to the line ahead of Hungary 's Balazs Valint ( Tony Kart – Hargitai Racing ) .
Taking a strong win in all three qualifying heats , Oli Pylka assured themselves of pole position for the pre-final Sunday morning . Joining them on the grid for a front row start , Gianni Andrisani ( Tony Kart – RS Competition ) had finished twice 2nd plus a 3rd while Balazs Valint took 3rd in two races to be on grid 3 .
The pre-final scramble for positions was a good dice at the beginning of the nine laps until Pylka and Valint finally got away from the leader 's UNIQ Racing Polish team-mates Victor Obarzanek and Jerzyk Spinkiewicz . During the last lap , Valint snatched the lead from Pylka who then passed the Hungarian back to regain it for a narrow victory from the race pace-setter .
With the beating Kibombo drums of the local Spanish drumming group setting the battle scene for the afternoon finals , the atmosphere was building for the last of the Rotax Winter Cup program to get underway . Oli Pylka led the way from pole position and never looked back . Behind them the race for places was not so easy , with an assault from Diaraf Keinde coming into play for the podium by mid-way through the 12-lapper . The UAE driver managed to secure P3 , then also P2 from Obarzanek by lap 6 , while setting the best lap of the race in the process . The leader kept their head down to take a deserving win almost three seconds ahead of Kiende . Valint finally broke free to pull a gap for 3rd as Andrisani tried to hold 4th just as the sun broke through the clouds . A last lunge from Obarzanek to pass them was over-ruled by a time penalty that gave the Danish driver back P4 , while Spinkiewicz crossed the line in 6th .
Oli PYLKA – “ I am really happy with my result today . We have done a lot of training here to be ready so I was 100 % confident that I could win the event . ”
The Rotax Junior Max category brings another new dimension to the Winter Cup this year with a long list of newcomers to the class on an international level . There was also the introduction of the AHD ( Anti-Pushing Device ) rear bumper system and the switch to the MOJO D2 tyre for the Junior Max . The honours in qualifying went to the youngest driver , Luca Leistra ( Tony Kart – Bouvin Power ) from Belgium , who claimed they were really surprised to be quickest , saying “ It 's amazing ! ” Swiss junior Jasin Ferati ( FA Kart – DHR ) clocked second best time over Tijmen van der Helm ( Exprit – JJ Racing ) .
Saturday 's heats went in favour of Leistra after an 8th in the opening race kept them from taking pole for the pre-final . It was Van der Helm with a win , 2nd and 3rd who claimed P1 Sunday beside the 11-year old , with row 2 made up of the two drivers who also had a 2nd place in the heats and two top 5 results each . This was Xavier Handsaeme ( Tony Kart – Bouvin Power ) and Mike van Vugt ( Exprit – JJ Racing ) with Jasin Ferati ranking 5th overall .
Van der Helm led the pre-final initially , but an incident in the early stages left Leistra mid-way down the field and Handsaeme took the opportunity to grab P1 ; only to be passed back by the Dutchman on lap 2 momentarily , before retaining their lead to take the win . By half-race distance , Ferati was unable to keep 3rd from Luka Nurmi ( Birel ART – KMS Europe ) who then pursued Van der Helm for a chance at 2nd . Van Vugt rounded out the top 5 to head an impressive drive from Ugo Gazil ( Tony Kart – DADD ) advancing 10 positions too 6th to be classified in front of Leistra , the quickest on track in 7th .
The Junior Max Final got off to a flying start for Tijmen Van der Helm , but their efforts to lead the race from lap 3 to 10 were jeopardised by an over-eager jump start , resulting in a time penalty following . A collision on lap 1 had a damaging affect on a handful of the potential pace-getters , including Ferati . From grid # 1 , Xavier Handsaeme began well and later continued to out-drive the rest to fight back for the win in the last two laps , while really close racing throughout the field made the 12-lap competition a nail-biter . Luka Nurmi kept their podium hopes alive as the runner-up , with Mike van Vugt setting the pace to finish 3rd . Making up the first 5 across the line were the Dutch duo JJ Racing team-mates Tijmen Van der Helm and Papijn Kraaueveld .
Xavier HANDSAEME – “ It was a tricky weekend , but I worked hard for a win this week . The pre-final was a great race for me . To win this title is my best result so far and now we 're hopeful for the Rotax Grand Finals in Portugal . ”
In Rotax Senior Max , Axel Charpentier ( EKR – EKR Racing Team ) looked good for pole in the incredibly close full field of seniors until their glory was stolen on the closing lap . It was another rookie , Hungarian Zsombor Kovacs ( Birel ART – KMS Europe ) who set the best lap in the final moments of the session by 0.05 seconds to count out Felix Warge ( OTK – Tys Racing ) and senior first-timer Lauri Leppa ( Tony Kart – VRT ) third fastest . The pole-sitter said they were “ speechless ” in this their maiden senior race , “ It 's unbelievable ! ”
Consistency over the course of the qualifying heats confirmed Lauri Leppa 's number 1 status at the end of Saturday 's racing , finishing with three 3rd places and securing pole for the pre-final . There were three different race winners ; Jonathan Hoggard ( Kosmic – KR Sport ) who looked certain for pole until a time penalty dropped them back to P3 in the ranking , then Felix Warge on equal points with the Brit , who qualified better to start on the front row Sunday , and Tamino Bergmeier ( Exprit – JJ Racing ) ranked 5 . Spain 's Luc Ibanez ( Kosmic – Binakart ) slotted in between on grid 4 .
The pre-final start gave Leppa a chance to stretch their lead while the scramble for places took place behind him . Hoggard was up to P2 and under fire from Jordan Brown-Nutley ( FA Kart – DHR ) plus the likes of Bergmeier , Warge and Clayton Ravenscroft ( Kosmic – KR Sport ) up from P13 in the opening laps . Setting the best sector times in lap 4 , Hoggard caught and passed Leppa to take P1 , keeping focused under pressure from the Finnish driver . The gap increased by the chequered flag as Brown-Nutley shadowed Leppa for 3rd place . Warge took 4th ahead of Porsche Junior Team driver Tommy Preining ( Birel ART – KMS Europe ) with a stunning performance ; up 19 spots . Fastest was Juho Parviainen ( Tony Kart – VRT ) from last to P13 .
With experience definitely being the key in the first race of the day in Senior Max , it was without any doubt going to be a deciding factor in the final . The racing became as exciting as it could get from one lap to the next ! It was Hoggard who took the lead from the lights , soon overtaken by Brown-Nutley before Preining made their move for P1 on the next lap . The action got serious from there as the shuffle for the lead picked up momentum with the long train of karts pushing hard . Hoggard dominated the time spent at the front until half-race distance in a constant dice with Brown-Nutley , Warge and Preining followed closely by the next pack hunting the podium . Finally , Brown-Nutley found their way to 1st as a move from Preining left Hoggard off-line . Kovacs through from P12 grabbed 3rd until Hoggard regained their feet .
On lap 10 , Warge took over and tried hard to keep their lead from Brown-Nutley all over their bumper , losing the battle with two laps remaining . They swapped places back and forth with Hoggard as the last lap board came out , but the KR Sport driver hit a curb in P3 , allowing Kovacs to relegate them to 4th . The race to the line went to Brown-Nutley in a photo finish with Warge to end an incredibly close final with some brilliant driving . Axel Charpentier racing with their new Spanish team at EKR climbed 16 places to take 5th ahead of pace-setter Alessandro Trombelli ( Kosmic – KR Sport ) also up 10 positions for 6th in another close result of 0.016 seconds to team-mate Joe Phillips 7th .
Jordan BROWN-NUTLEY – “ We struggled a bit in the heats , but managed to get there for the final . The pre-final was quite good and just got us in the position to be at the front . It was hard at the time even just to lead the final . This is a great result for us to win here at the Winter Cup and I 'm very happy to take the ticket already at the start of the season ticket for the Rotax Grand Finals in Portugal . A big thanks to DHR and everyone supporting me . ”
The Spanish showdown in the Rotax DD2 category began during official timed practice between Jorge Pescador ( Praga IPK – Praga Racing Team ) and multiple national champion Oriol Dalmau ( CRG – MDC Racing ) , which would continue until the final flag was waved . Pescador pushed to the limit in the last lap of qualifying to seal their place on P1 for Saturday 's qualifying heats 0.03 seconds alongside fellow Spaniard with DD2 rookie Glenn van Parijs ( Tony Kart – Bouvin Power ) on P3 . The pole-sitter said , “ I 'm very happy to be starting on P1 because it is important for the racing tomorrow . ”
The level of the competition in the 2-speed class was considerably high due to the number of experienced entries participating at the Rotax Winter Cup . Saturday 's heats concluded with rain in the afternoon session , which mixed the results for the pre-final grid the following day . Praga IPK official driver Jorge Pescador was victorious in the two dry races driving almost faultless laps . However , it was the reigning European Rotax DD2 champion Kevin Ludi ( Kosmic – Spirit Racing ) who stormed home in the wet to win the last race , adding to their 2nd and 4th places to join the Spanish driver on the front row . Oriol Dalmau had a 2nd and was twice 4th to take grid position 3 next to Kacper Bielecki ( Kosmic – Inter Cars Karting Team ) with two 3rd places . Ranked 5 was last year 's Rotax Euro Challenge vice champion Constantine Schoell ( Tony Kart – Daems Racing Team ) .
The Valencia circuit had been drying more with each of the pre-finals , so the conditions were improving to be within 2 seconds per lap of official times practice . Dalmau off grid 3 had a good start to follow Pescador closely in the early stages with Ludi in their wake . By lap 3 , Dalmau showed why they have been the world # 3 and Spanish champ , posting the fastest time and holding Pescador at bay for the remaining 9 laps . Bielecki , almost as quick as the leader , got into 3rd to set themselves up in a good starting position for the final . 4th place was another of the drivers from Finland Ville Viiliainen ( Tony Kart – VRT ) with Van Parijs making the transition nicely to the gearbox class in 5th .
The finale of the finals was no disappointment to the fans watching trackside at the Lucas Guerrero venue or glued to live Telemundi Media coverage , where the victory was a sweet one for local driver Oriol Dalmau . Having lost the Winter Cup title after a great pre-final last year , the Spaniard admitted they were concerned that history may repeat itself . However , they led from the start and savoured every lap out in front . Following closely , Bielecki held P2 for a short time before Schoell with a superb run from grid 7 passed the Polish driver . Van Parijs then overtook Schoell to chase down Dalmau .
Pescador was on a mission – soon up to 3rd , as Haralds Garkaklis ( Flandria ) took a place from Barrie Pullinger ( FA Kart – DHR ) for P5 and Ludi closed in . With 5 laps to go , Pescador claimed 2nd from Van Parijs and covered their line well to the race end . While the battle raged on mid-field , the Belgian still searched for a way past , giving Bielecki the chance to catch up again . In the closing moments of the last lap , the final step of the podium slipped away from Van Parijs . Garkaklis took 5th over Ludi , then nothing separated Pullinger , Cosimo Durante ( Parolin ) and Viiliainen as they hit the line ahead of Ludi 's team-mate Philipp Seewer ( Kosmic – Spirit Racing ) in 10th .
Oriol DALMAU – “ The testing was up and down due to the weather , but the qualifying was good . I 'm very happy with the work of the team at MDC Racing and in the end the final was great to win . Winning the ticket to represent Spain again for the fifth time at the Grand Finals is fantastic and I 'm busy with my team this year , so I can focus on supporting them . I have also enjoyed racing with Jorge Pescador here at the Rotax Winter Cup too . ”
The ‘ more seasoned ' of the Rotax DD2 Masters , Christophe Adams ( Birel ART ) posted the best laptime for the category during Friday 's qualifying and commented afterwards that they were pleased to know they were “ still the fastest of the older drivers ” . The former World and European # 1 was within the top 5 fastest individual laptimes of all DD2 drivers in the wet heat race Saturday and secured their place as the highest ranked Master within DD2 .
When it came to the finals , it was the well-known Polish champion Slawomir Muranski ( Tony Kart – Wyrzykowski Motorsport ) who led the DD2 Masters to the flag to take the honours for the Rotax Winter Cup title . The runner-up for 2017 was Jonathan Pieterse ( Sodi ) , who has also represented South Africa at the Grand Finals and Christophe Adams 3rd by only o.3 seconds .
With the beginning of the new season , there were several new things introduced to the successful event in Valencia which included updated regulations , products , systems and improved aspects of the live coverage that RGMMC believe will continue to aim to deliver one of the best karting events worldwide – for all the competitors , their supporters and race fans .
All results and media from the Rotax Winter Cup 2017 can be found online at www.rotaxmaxeurochallenge.com
Entries are now open for the ROTAX Max Euro Challenge 2017 4-round series with the first edition at Genk Karting , Belgium from March 29 – April 2 .
More information is available at www.rotaxmaxeurochallenge.com
Subscribe to read : Financial Times US approves possible $ 15bn THAAD missile system sale to Saudi Arabia
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 * Select Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week . You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week * Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT 's award-winning news on desktop , mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry , journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views , 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week * Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital , plus : Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails , including a weekly email from our Editor , Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week * Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital , plus : Free delivery to your home or office , Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options :
Acting Under Secretary for Nuclear Security and National Nuclear Security Administration Administrator Steve Erhart answers a question during a news conference on the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , at the Pentagon . Jacquelyn Martin AP Photo
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
JESSE PENNINGTON ( 1903-1922 )
455 appearances . Left-back
Pennington was an elegant defender and captain . A first-choice left-back for nearly two decades , their career was cut-short by World War One . But Pennington remains the only man to captain Albion to a League title , back in 1920 . They also helped the club to Division Two success in 1910/11 and was a losing FA Cup finalist in 1912 . They were capped 25 times by England , also skippering the national team . They returned to Albion as a scout between 1950-1960
WG RICHARDSON ( 1929-1945 )
320 appearances , 202 goals . Centre-forward
William 'Ginger ' Richardson served the club with distinction for 16 years , scoring 202 in 320 appearances . They were the first to 200 league goals ( 202 in total ) , scored ten hat-tricks , four goals four times , won one England cap . They are the club 's record goalscorer in all games , though 100 of these came in wartime fixtures and , as a result , are not officially registered in the records . Richardson scored both goals in Albion 's 2-1 win in the 1931 FA Cup Final , before scoring the goal which clinched promotion the following week .
RAY BARLOW ( 1944-1960 )
403 appearances , 31 goals . Left-half .
Perhaps Albion 's most gifted ever player , Ray Barlow was a supreme footballer with every attribute in the book . Supreme positional sense , able to pass over distance or keep it simple , they were the heartbeat of arguably Albion 's finest ever team in 1953/54 , which won the FA Cup and finished second in the League . Criminally they were restricted to one England cap .
RONNIE ALLEN ( 1950-1961 )
415 appearances , 208 goals . Centre-forward .
Allen was perhaps the most complete forward to represent the club .
Completely two-footed - yes it is possible - Allen reinvented the role of the centre-forward by dropping deep , a footballing intellect which earned them just five England caps .
Allen scored twice in the 1954 FA Cup Final and was , until Tony Brown came along , the club 's record goalscorer .
TONY BROWN ( 1963-80 )
574 appearances , 218 goals . Midfielder .
The 'Bomber ' made more appearances and scored more goals for Albion than any other player . Brown bridged the late 1960s era , which brought Albion FA Cup ( 1968 ) and League Cup success ( 1966 ) , with the exciting , swashbuckling late 1970s - a team which so nearly won the title in 1979 . Described as 'Mr Albion ' by former boss Ron Atkinson , Brown is also the record goalscorer for the club in the League , FA Cup and European competition . They also scored the goal which clinched Albion 's promotion in 1976 .
JEFF ASTLE ( 1964-74 )
361 appearances , 174 goals . Centre-forward
Astle was the King . Albion 's most celebrated No 9 became a huge hero at The Hawthorns thanks to their thunderous heading abilities , their ability to lead the line and their predatory goalscoring instincts . Astle will forever be remembered as the man who scored Albion 's winner in the 1968 FA Cup Final , also netting in the 1970 League Cup Final ( becoming the first man to score in both finals ) . The winner of five England caps , they have a permanent memorial in the form of the Astle gates at The Hawthorns and , less officially , the 'Astle Bridge ' in Netherton .
JOHN WILE ( 1970-1983 )
500 appearances , 24 goals . Centre-half .
John Wile was captain throughout the glorious late 1970s . Forming an almost impenetrable centre-half paring with Ally Robertson , Wile was a sound , composed and uncompromising defender during their spell with the club . Their most famous moment came when they played with blood pouring from a head wound during the 1978 FA Cup semi-final . The image remains iconic to this day . They also served the club as caretaker manager and chief executive . Only Tony Brown and Ally Robertson made more League appearances .
BRYAN ROBSON ( 1972-81 )
( Image : Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images )
198 appearances , 39 goals . Midfielder .
A truly brilliant midfielder , who was perhaps the most celebrated footballer to be associated with the club . Robson could tackle , pass , score goals and such was their form around the turn of the 1980s that they were subject to a Birmingham ( Evening ) Mail campaign urging England boss Ron Greenwood to make them a regular in their midfield . Robson , who broke their leg three times at the start of their Albion career , joined Manchester United for a record fee of £1.5million , becoming England captain within a few months and eventually winning Premier League , FA Cup , League Cup and European silverware at Old Trafford . They returned to B71 in 2004 for a two-year stint as Albion manager .
LAURIE CUNNINGHAM ( 1977-79 )
86 appearances , 21 goals . Winger .
It says a great deal about Cunningham 's impact with Albion that they are deemed a Baggies legend having spent just over two years at the club . The stylish winger was quick , graceful , technically brilliant and possessing stunning balance . Cuningham was the first of the 'Three Degrees ' to arrive at Albion , becoming the first black player to represent England at any level . One performance for Albion stands out - a supreme wing display in the club 's UEFA Cup game against Valencia , a game which was to alert Real Madrid to their talent and ability . Cunningham moved to the Spanish capital in 1979 for just under £1million .
CYRILLE REGIS ( 1977-1984 )
237 appearances , 82 goals . Centre-forward .
Regis was an explosive striker . Built like a heavyweight boxer - they were labelled 'Smokin Joe ' , after boxer Joe Frazier - they were stunningly quick and scored many brilliant goals during their time with the club . Folklore claims that Regis was signed from Hayes on the recommendation of Ronnie Allen , who supposedly offered to pay the £5000 transfer fee themselves such was their confidence in the striker . Regis scored on their debut and never looked back . Their long-range powerful strike against Norwich , in 1982 , was voted as the goal of the season .
Here 's the heartfelt speech Zendaya shared onstage :
`` With all the injustice and the hatred and everything that 's happening not only in the world but in our country , right now I need for you young people , I need you guys to be educated , I need you to listen , I need you to pay attention , and I need you go ahead and understand that you have a voice and it is OK to use it when you see something bad happening . So make sure that you stay educated and you do not let people tell you what you think you should feel . Because you 're the leaders . You 're the future leaders of the world . We are the future leaders of the world . You 're the future presidents . Future senators . You guys are the ones who are going to make this world better . I 'm just letting you know right now that you are the future , so take that very , very seriously . ''
At the end of Fifth Harmony 's acceptance speech for Choice Music Group , the always outspoken Jauregui used their moment to bring light into the dark current events , saying :
`` To all of the young ones at home watching , no matter who you are , where you come from or what you look like , you are beautiful and you are important , so keep spreading love and positivity , alright ? ''
Mulhern family ( PHILADELPHIA ) — Among the thousands of fans packing in the Super Bowl on Sunday will be two adult sons and one very happy dad who in their words went “ bananas ” when they were surprised with a trip to the championship game .
Eagles fan Jim Mulhern of Downingtown , Pennsylvania , was eating dinner recently with their wife , Anita , and some other family members when they got a call from their son , Jimmy , in Thailand .
With the son on speaker phone , dad Jim continued eating their dinner as the conversation started with small talk about the upcoming big game , as seen on a video shot by the family .
Then Jimmy casually let it spill that they and their brother , Sean , would be taking their father in person to the championship in Minneapolis .
“ You 're kidding , ” Jim Mulhern said quietly , sounding stunned .
Realizing then it was not a joke , they said , “ Oh my god , you wait to tell me that ? ”
Now Jim Mulhern and sons Jimmy and Sean are among the thousands of fans who will be packing the stadium in Minneapolis for the match-up , which the Mulherns hope will end in a victory for their beloved Eagles against the New England Patriots .
Jimmy and Sean 's sister , Donna , also played a role , Sean told ABC News in an interview Saturday .
“ A matter of fact , they were able to get my dad their Eagles wear , so that he 's warm , ” Sean Mulhern said .
Dad Jim Mulhern said he 's not too worried about the cold in Minneapolis .
“ The cold weather is one of the things on the bottom of my list as far as this game is concerned , ” they said , adding , however , “ I 'm excited about it being an indoor game … and I think the excitement will pump some blood when it starts to get cold , so I 'll be ready . ”
But most on their mind is excitement for the game and gratitude for their family and their generosity .
“ Thank God , and if there 's a sports god , thank you to him , ” Jim Mulhern said , “ and then thank you to my boys for what they 've done and to my daughter . ”
As to the possibility of the Eagles losing ?
“ I would n't even use that word , ” Jim Mulhern said . “ That word is not in my vocabulary for awhile until maybe I get back and see that somebody 's crying somewhere and then I 'll understand what losing is , but it 's not in my vocabulary for a little bit , no sir . ”
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Turn Your Intellectual Property To Bankable Assets – Akinwunmi – Independent Newspapers Limited
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
United Airlines shares took a beating last week , and everyone is blaming chief executive Oscar Munoz for being so slow to apologise after footage emerged of a 69-year-old passenger being forcibly dragged off the overbooked plane .
It turns out that everyone is right – sincere apologies are vital in such instances , according to a 2015 study , Saving Face . Share prices suffer less damage when a chief executive issues what appears to be a sincere apology , the researchers found . In contrast , smiling while apologising is a no-no ; a company 's share price is more likely to perform more poorly in the following days and months .
It 's not just a case of not smiling – chief executives should be mindful of “ upper face happiness ” as “ subtle emotion expressions are detected by stakeholders , signal insincerity , and have important consequences for organisations ” .
It 's fair to assume that Mr Munoz , who initially protested in an internal email to staff that the “ disruptive and belligerent ” passenger had been “ politely asked ” to leave the flight , had not read the study .
Are investors anxious… or bored ?
Is it possible to be nervous and really , really bored at the same time ?
“ Haven assets rally as nerves hit US markets ” , headlined the Financial Times last Tuesday . The following day , the FT reported how US stocks “ dipped again ” , highlighting “ simmering investor nervousness ” , adding that the Vix , or fear index , had “ surged ” to its highest level since last November 's presidential election .
Some context : this was during a spell in which the S & P 500 had not closed higher or lower by 0.35 per cent for 10 consecutive days – a level of inertia unseen since 1968 , according to LPL Research . And while the Vix is indeed at its highest level since November , the last six months have been extraordinarily calm , with the index remaining well below historical norms .
The FT is not a bastion of sensationalism ; indeed , it 's a sedate , level-headed publication . As this column often points out , however , market summaries almost invariably make too much of the slightest moves , investing them with a significance that is rarely deserved .
This may largely reflect an understandable desire to produce lively copy , but it can mislead investors . The quietest stock market in half a century can not possibly be an unduly nervous one .
Will political risk shake markets ?
Markets have a reputation for being panicky , for taking a “ sell first , ask questions later ” approach to uncertainty . These days , however , bouts of fear are increasingly short-lived affairs .
Stock futures sold off following the recent US airstrike on Syria , only to recover within hours . Another sell-off then ensued , following disappointing jobs data ; again , the recovery was almost immediate . On the same day , Russia reacted angrily to the US attacks and news emerged of a terrorist attack in Sweden . Despite all that , stocks closed only fractionally lower .
Last week , it was the turn of the dollar , which sank after Donald Trump warned it was “ getting too strong ” . Again , it quickly rebounded .
In the above instances , investors quickly deemed the headlines to be worse than the reality . Fundamental considerations aside , investors have become conditioned to see every dip – no matter how minor – as buying opportunities . This is especially true of political risk , with investors remembering that markets quickly shrugged off Brexit , Trump and the Italian referendum results in 2016 .
Political risk will be on the agenda over the next few weeks , what with the first round of the French presidential election taking place on April 23rd , the potential risk of a US government shutdown by the end of the month , and continued sabre-rattling over Syria . Sell-offs might ensue , but barring seriously unexpected developments , investor nonchalance means any dips will likely continue to be short-lived and shallow .
Market euphoria : can you afford to miss it ?
Wall Street 's major strategists are largely cautious in their outlook , the consensus being the S & P 500 will end the year only slightly higher than it is today . Morgan Stanley is more forthcoming – the bank 's chief strategist , Michael Wilson , estimates the index could gain almost 30 per cent over the following year .
Wilson reckons a classic late-cycle spurt – “ euphoria ” – is coming . After “ eight long years ” , both Wall and Main Street are “ finally starting to feel better about the future ” ; financial conditions are “ exceptionally loose ” ; market technicals are “ in very good shape ” ; the US cyclical upturn is tied not to President Trump but to the global business cycle .
Sceptics should n't automatically dismiss such sentiments . Wilson is right to note that the best returns frequently occur in the latter stages of bull markets – “ think 1999 or 2006-07 ” – when irrational exuberance often takes hold .
However , their conclusion – “ in a low-return world , investors can not afford to miss it ” – is erroneous . After all , think of the carnage that followed in 2000-02 and 2007-09 . For many investors , missing out on a late-stage rally is painful but not nearly as painful as suffering another boom-bust cycle .
Providence Hall and Santa Barbara Christian School have announced a merger to become Santa Barbara 's first comprehensive Christian school serving kindergarten through 12th grade .
A merger between Providence Hall and Santa Barbara Christian School has been approved by the respective schools ' boards of directors and by the Santa Barbara Christian School Corporation . This merger unites the two schools into one new entity , with the recommended name and tagline “ Providence , A Santa Barbara Christian School . ”
The new school will begin operations in July , welcoming new and returning students from grades K-12 in August . A newly formed board of directors , with representatives from both the former Providence Hall and Santa Barbara Christian School boards , will govern the new school entity .
“ I think we have a wonderful opportunity to build a new institution from two schools that already share remarkably similar missions , ” said Barry Goss , president of the Santa Barbara Christian School board of directors . “ Christian education has the unique ability to cultivate faith and values in students , as well as equip them academically , and that will shape our community in very positive ways . We could not be more excited . ”
Randy Clark , the president of the Providence Hall board , was equally enthusiastic , saying , “ We 're excited about the future of Christian education in Santa Barbara . This year has been an incredible one for our school : the girls ' basketball team winning the CIF Championship , being awarded the Outstanding Campus Award from the California Educators ' Hall of Fame , and now merging with Santa Barbara Christian . We are blessed to partner with such a fine school . Santa Barbara Christian School shares our Christian values and passion for educating young people well . ”
They continued , noting SBCS 's excellent visual arts program , annual Washington , D.C. , trip , and its favorable teacher-to-student ratio .
“ The end result is that we believe we will offer Santa Barbara the best K-12 experience , ” they said .
The new school will maintain two campuses . The lower school campus ( SBCS 's current campus ) will be home to grade K to 6 , while the upper school campus ( Providence Hall 's current campus ) will accommodate grades 7 to 12 . Both campuses will undergo enhancements this summer . The upper school is currently preparing for a 1:1 iPad program for the high school and equipping all classrooms with state-of-the-art mobile furniture that allows teachers the control and flexibility to use a variety of instructional modes , addressing the various learning styles of each student .
Providence Hall and SBCS envision a Christian school with a diverse student body , competitive athletic programs , dynamic arts offerings , and a rich preparatory curriculum . Providence will offer students a continuous , high-quality K-12 education delivered by an energetic Christian faculty in an innovative , thoughtful , and family-friendly environment .
Chris Rutz , head of school at SBCS , and David O'Neil , head of school of Providence Hall , are excited to be working together to make the most of the many opportunities enabled by this merger . Rutz and O'Neil are already taking the necessary steps to align the two schools for the fall and to ensure each student , and their family , makes a smooth transition into the newly formed school .
“ SBCS has a proud 53-year history , and Providence has built an outstanding school in a very short period of time . This is truly a merger of two highly successful schools which will position us to grow much more in the years to come , ” Rutz said . “ The opportunity to double the size of our middle school is a significant benefit to both schools in athletics and performing arts , as well as in the classroom . ”
“ Curriculum and programs alone are not what engages the mind or shapes the heart of a young person , ” O'Neil said . “ At Providence , students will enjoy a one-of-a-kind educational experience with Christian teachers who encourage curiosity , equip students to achieve success , and inspire a love for learning . ”
This is not the first time Rutz and O'Neil have worked together . Prior to moving to Santa Barbara they were colleagues leading their respective Christian schools in West Los Angeles . Both Rutz and O'Neil were integral in building their former schools into noteworthy institutions and are eager for this newly unified school to provide outstanding education for generations to come .
With the announcement of the merger , and the school 's plan for future growth , Providence , A Santa Barbara Christian School is accepting applications for most grade levels . For information regarding grades K to 6 , contact the Lower School Campus at 805.563.4770 . For information regarding grades 7 to 12 , contact the Upper School Campus at 805.962.4400 .
— David O'Neil is head of school at Providence Hall .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal , Tottenham , Liverpool and Manchester United are among those to figure in Sky Sports fixtures in the coming weeks .
With the Premier League hotting up , among the televised games will be Chelsea V Spurs and Everton taking on Liverpool in the Merseyside Derby .
There will also be a huge tie when Manchester City travel to Tottenham .
In all , Sky will televise 126 Premier League matches this season .
These are the ones coming up :
Saturday , March 31
Crystal Palace v Liverpool ( 12.30pm )
Sunday , April 1
Arsenal v Stoke City ( 1.30pm )
Chelsea v Tottenham ( 4pm )
Saturday , April 7
Everton v Liverpool ( 12.30pm )
Manchester City v Manchester United ( 5.30pm )
Sunday , April 8
Arsenal v Southampton ( 2.15pm )
Chelsea v West Ham ( 4.30pm )
Saturday , April 14
Southampton v Chelsea ( 12.30pm )
Spurs v Manchester City ( 7.45pm )
Sunday , April 15
Newcastle v Arsenal ( 1.30pm )
Manchester United v West Brom ( 4.00pm )
Former West Brom man declared bankrupt as Alan Pardew punishes Krychowiak
Monday , April 16
West Ham v Stoke City ( 8pm )
Sunday , April 22
West Brom v Liverpool ( 2.15pm )
Manchester City v Swansea ( 4.30pm )
Monday , April 23
Arsenal v West Ham ( 8pm )
Saturday , April 28
Liverpool v Stoke City 12.30pm
Sunday , April 29
West Ham v Manchester City ( 2.15pm )
Manchester United v Arsenal ( 4.30pm )
Monday , April 30
Spurs v Watford
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/18pEs
— Two more crashes occurred over the weekend at a new intersection in Holly Springs , which has now been the site of five crashes in the 10 days it has been open .
The intersection is where an extension to Main Street now crosses Ralph Stephens Road . Some drivers are missing the new two-way stop sign on Ralph Stephens Road and are getting hit by or slamming into vehicles driving on Main Street .
Police have pulled over dozens of cars that ran the stop sign and did n't cause a crash .
Holly Springs officials on Monday requested that the state Department of Transportation reconsider its decision not to intall traffic lights at the intersection . DOT said earlier the intersection did n't qualify for a signal .
The town also late last week installed rumble strips on Ralph Stephens Road and a stop sign ahead warning sign , complete with flahing light and three orange flags , to help make drivers aware of the new stop sign . A message board informing drivers of a new traffic pattern has been in place since the intersection opened .
GIF Image source : xDixter
Recently , a paranoia has taken a hold of some GTA Online players , who are convinced that recent updates are forcing drivers to be more aggressive . It 's probably not true , but the idea has gotten many sharing potential evidence of that conspiracy theory .
Advertisement
It all started last year , after the Rockstar the bikers update DLC . Players enjoying the new missions and activities kept capping footage where cars would run into the player in unexpected and infuriating ways :
GIF GIF source : Maned Wolf
Since then , GTA Online has been updated with more new content , and the paranoia around aggressive AI driving has only increased . Across the internet there are many threads where GTA Online players ask if anyone else has noticed the AI becoming more frustrating or dangerous . Those threads often become populated with GIFs , videos , and Let 's Plays of Los Santos ' worst AI drivers .
Advertisement
The latest update , Import/Export , which is entirely themed around stealing and driving exotic cars , has helped balloon the conspiracy even further . Here 's a taste of the many GIFs people have shared recently :
GIF GIF source : 4d3d3d343
GIF GIF source : Coffeemugster
While it 's possible that the AI has n't changed at all , players are likely noticing these shenanigans because crashes cost the community in-game money . Accrue too much damage and instead of making hundreds of thousands of dollars , you walk away with a few grand . Given that cash is already a problem in GTA Online—everything is incredibly expensive—players are n't happy about dealing with all the reckless driving :
I 've also noticed more cars turning into me or hitting me for seemingly no reason in the last few months . The problem is that nobody can actually prove something has changed , or that the game is intentionally targeting players more than it used to . Patch notes make no mention of driving AI . Rockstar itself has n't publicly said anything about NPC drivers in GTA Online , either , though I reached out to ask about this situation and have n't heard back . So I spoke to GTA Online fans who regularly dig through the game 's code , in case they knew about anything that was going on under the hood .
GIF
Everyone I spoke to , including data miner TezFunz2 , said they could n't find any changes . Thing is , digging into GTA Online 's data is tricky . The most common way for fans to get a sneak peak at GTA Online updates is by looking at “ tunables , ” which TezFunZ2 described to me as “ server-side files used to offer discounts and enable some content. ” Tunables are what control events and sales ( Double XP , for example ) , but they would n't say much about NPC behavior .
Advertisement
Sponsored
TezFunZ2 theorized that recent bug fixes in GTA Online might be the culprit , because these bug fixes can sometime cause changes to unrelated parts of the game . Fix one thing and suddenly something else starts acting differently .
Another possible explanation is that the AI is indeed panicking and causing crashes—but only when the player is already shooting stuff up , or driving around erratically . Panicked NPCs always lose control of whatever they were doing and end up smashing into the player , usually at high speed . Still , that does n't really explain the crashes that happen for seemingly no reason .
GIF GIF source : PeriodicMeanErin
One of the more popular theories postulates that Rockstar made traffic more dangerous to encourage players to buy Shark Cards , which are digital items players can buy with real money to add in game GTA dollars . Money in GTA Online can be used to buy new homes and supercars among other things . Then again , any time something remotely negative happens in GTA Online , players always accuse Rockstar of Shark Card schemes—there 's no real evidence to support this idea . Players also have sillier theories about this supposed AI phenomenon : maybe all the drugs players have been stealing and selling has created a city filled with drivers who are all high out of their mind ? Who knows .
Advertisement
Without official word from Rockstar , it 's hard to say what 's actually going on . Maybe this is all in everyone 's head . ( Likely situation . ) Maybe the AI is actually out to murder us all . Whatever is going on , dangerous AI drivers in the GTA franchise have become a myth of their own in GTA , similar to Bigfoot or The Rat Man . All we can do is enjoy more instances of horrible GTA AI driving :
GIF GIF source : Phantom Viper
GIF GIF source : Maned Wolf
Michigan State 's famed student section , the Izzone , had words for ESPN commentator Dan Dakich all throughout the Spartans ' 74-66 win Tuesday over Ohio State , frequently chanting “ We hate Dakich . ”
Tom Izzo had words for Dakich after the game .
“ I 've got to be honest with you , ” Izzo said . “ I was kind of getting upset with the chants of Dakich until I got in the locker room , and I asked what was that all about ? Somebody read me their tweets . Social media . And if I had known that before the game , I would have embarrassed myself almost as much as they embarrassed themselves and I would have led the chants because calling us whiners and all that is kind of unprofessional . ”
Nobody whines like Sparty https : //t.co/7ZZWyQ5DBN — Dan Dakich ( @ dandakich ) February 8 , 2017
The issue stems from a number of tweets Dakich sent accusing Spartan fans of “ whining , ” but what really appeared to bother Izzo was a tweet Dakich sent that directed at a Michigan State fan that said , “ Sparty not only whines but now just dumb ! ! Could n't get into UM ( Michigan ) ? ? ”
@ loading_ai @ SpartanAvenueFS @ ofcadamwalters u crazy ? Sparty not only whines but now just dumb ! ! Could n't get into UM ? ? — Dan Dakich ( @ dandakich ) February 8 , 2017
Of course , Dakich 's son , Andrew , is currently on the Wolverines ' roster , which only complicates matters when it comes to any perceived slights from Michigan State fans .
“ Saying our students could n't get in there ( Michigan ) , ” Izzo said , “ and he 's doing games for Michigan when their son is there . That is a disappointment and that is ridiculous and I think it 's funny because I 've got no respect for them for that .
“ You can read it , you can tweet it , you can do whatever you want with it . But Twitter got them in trouble , and I 'm surprised ESPN would let somebody say something like that that works for them .
“ But Danny owes our fans and our students an apology . And I probably wo n't get it . I 've always gotten along with Dan , but as you know , it seems like this year a lot of people have been mad at me , but I would have loved to get in that Izzone and joined those chants if I was on Twitter . Thank God , I 'm not . Thank God some of my friends are . ”
Dakich , a former Hoosiers player , coached at Indiana and Bowling Green and now is the host of a radio show in Indianapolis in addition to calling games on television broadcasts for ESPN .
Izzo is not the first Big Ten coach from whom Dakich has drawn rebuke from . Iowa coach Fran McCaffery went after Dakich after the broadcaster criticized Hawkeye Adam Woodbury , who had poked multiple opponents in the eye during the 2014-15 season .
“ Dan Dakich is so far out of line , ” McCaffery said in Feb. 2015 . “ He 's just lost it on this one . They do n't know Adam Woodbury . For them to say the reprehensible things they said about an amateur athlete , it 's inexcusable . Absolutely inexcusable that their network would allow them to say those kinds of things about a guy they do n't know . ”
The dustup actually had Iowa provide Dakich with extra security at a game they called in Iowa City later that season .
Big Advertisers Boycotting YouTube Over Pedophilia Fears
Two of the world 's best-known brands are withdrawing their advertising from YouTube and Google over fears they were featured on `` inappropriate '' and `` exploitative '' content featuring children .
Campaigners have warned that pedophiles were targeting the videos posted on YouTube .
The content , although legal and mostly uploaded by children themselves , is easily exploited by pedophile networks who are said to post messages and links to one another in the comments section underneath the videos .
The clips are usually of boys and girls performing everyday activities in their homes . But sometimes the children can be seen partially clothed or in their nightwear .
Investigators say pedophiles leave lewd comments or even try and encourage the children posting the videos to take part in private forum discussions . YouTube has been accused of failing to safeguard these children despite repeated warnings .
Mars told Sky News : `` We are shocked and appalled to see that our adverts have appeared alongside such exploitative and inappropriate content . It is in stark contrast to who we are and what we believe .
`` We have taken the decision to immediately suspend all our online advertising on YouTube and Google globally .
`` We have stringent guidelines and processes in place and are working with Google and our media buying agencies to understand what went wrong .
`` Until we have confidence that appropriate safeguards are in place , we will not advertise on YouTube and Google . ''
Sportswear manufacturer Adidas told Sky News that it was in urgent talks with YouTube and would suspend all its advertising until the issue had been resolved .
It said : `` Adidas takes this issue very seriously and were completely unaware that this situation had arisen on YouTube today .
`` We recognize that this situation is clearly unacceptable and have taken immediate action , working closely with Google on all necessary steps to prevent this from happening again .
`` We will work with our media agencies and directly with Google to ensure that all future programmatic media buying is closely monitored and everything is done in the future to avoid any reoccurrences of this situation . ''
YouTube admitted it needed to do more , stating : `` Content that endangers children is abhorrent and unacceptable to us .
`` We have clear policies against videos and comments on YouTube which sexualize or exploit children and we enforce them aggressively whenever alerted to such content .
`` We have recently toughened our approach to videos and comments featuring children which may not be illegal , but give cause for concern .
`` We also work closely with the Internet Watch Foundation , NCMEC and others to prevent child sexual abuse imagery from ever being uploaded and report it to law enforcement .
`` We are committed to getting this right and recognize we need to do more , both through machine learning and by increasing human and technical resources . ''
The decision by Mars to pull its advertising will put Google and YouTube under renewed pressure to ensure children who upload content to its website are better protected .
More companies including Diageo , Amazon and eBay are thought to be reviewing their positions too . That could amount to millions of pounds in lost advertising revenue .
Sky News understands all Adidas adverts appearing on these videos have already been taken down . YouTube says it is in the process of removing all adverts on inappropriate content :
It said : `` There should n't be any ads running on this content and we are working urgently to fix this . Over the past year , we have been working to ensure that YouTube is a safe place for brands .
`` While we have made significant changes in product , policy , enforcement and controls , we will continue to improve . ''
© 2017 Sky News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock .
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect . But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress .
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine if a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days . That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more .
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower 's account without being reauthorized to do so . As The Associated Press writes , `` This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts , which in turn incurs fees '' or forces them to close their accounts .
`` Too often , borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they ca n't afford , '' CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement . `` The rule 's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail . ''
Investopedia writes :
`` Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check , usually dated for your next payday . The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge . For example , you write a check for , say , $ 115 to receive a $ 100 loan . Given a two-week loan term , which is fairly standard , the $ 15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400 % , and this assumes you pay back the loan on time . ''
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time : More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks . The study found that 15 percent of new loans `` are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long . ''
`` Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt , and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable , '' said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform . `` Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly can not repay is a key protection . ''
However , the Financial Services Association of America , a trade group that represents the $ 39 billion industry , says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year .
`` Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry , overseas and elsewhere , while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt , '' says Ed D'Alessio , the group 's executive director .
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business . Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders .
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans , Reuters reports .
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress .
The CFPB , created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act , has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape .
In February , Sen. Mike Rounds ( R-ND ) introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB . In June , House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act .
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts , 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders .
The United States has refused to deescalate tensions on the Korean Peninsula in order to maintain its “ network of military bases ” in East Asia and contain China , says Professor Dennis Etler , an American political analyst who has a decades-long interest in international affairs .
Etler , a professor of Anthropology at Cabrillo College in Aptos , California , made the remarks in an interview with Press TV on Sunday while commenting on US threats of maintaining a military presence in East Asia against North Korea .
“ After over 60 years of intransigence , the US still wishes to maintain the de facto division of Korea into North and South . There is only one reason for this and why every US administration seeks to quarantine the DPRK , it allows the US to maintain a military presence in East Asia with the stationing of troops and other assets in the Republic of Korea ( ROK ) and Japan , ” Professor Etler said .
“ If not for tensions on the Korean peninsula , the US would lose its rational for its network of military bases in the region , which are primarily meant to threaten and contain China . The US will resist all attempts to arrive at a peaceful resolution of the conflict since that would be antithetical to its real aims . The DPRK is not a threat to its neighbors . There is no reason why it would unilaterally initiate hostilities with either the ROK , Japan or the USA , as any direct military action on its part would elicit devastating retaliation , ” they added .
Washington has expressed profound concern over North Korea 's nuclear program , which Pyongyang says is a deterrent against a possible military invasion by the US or its ally , South Korea .
On Sunday , US Vice President Mike Pence arrived in South Korea amid rising concerns that the simmering tensions on the Korean Peninsula would eventually turn into a full-scale military confrontation between the US and North Korea .
“ All options are on the table to achieve the objectives and ensure the stability of the people of this country , '' they said . “ There was a period of strategic patience but the era of strategic patience is over . ”
Professor Etler said that `` the Trump administration 's foreign policy of brinkmanship is meant to create a sense of instability wherever it wants to gain an advantage . ''
`` By threatening unspecified actions against its adversaries , be it in Syria , Yemen , Afghanistan , Korea or the South China Sea , the US hopes to gain concessions and force them to retreat . The aim is to keep its rivals off balance and continue the decades-old policy of maintaining regional instability in critical areas of the world , ” they added .
“ Creating and maintaining a state of perpetual crisis allows the US to intervene anywhere it wants in order to supposedly protect its self-proclaimed vital national interest , which is simply global hegemony , ” the analyst stressed .
President Donald Trump has been seeking Beijing 's help in denuclearizing Pyongyang , threatening to act alone if China is not willing to offer assistance .
The United States is moving an aircraft carrier toward the Korean Peninsula in a show of force , which the North sees as a declaration of war .
Etler said that former President Barack Obama had a similar policy , but `` sought to impose US imperialist rule by subterfuge , fomenting color revolutions and proxy wars to destabilize targeted nations for regime change . ”
“ Trump 's alternative of gunboat diplomacy , threats and bullying will , however , not fare any better . China , Russia , Iran and the vast majority of the world 's nations do not want to play US war games . They desire peace and development , not war and destruction . It is clear to all the world 's people who are the aggressor and who are the victims of aggression , '' Etler said .
`` The US seeks to assert its dominance , to paraphrase Trump , to make US imperialism great again . But its dream of 'America uber alles ' is doomed to failure and will come to naught , ” they concluded .
Meanwhile , Russia has repeatedly warned the United States against any `` unilateral action '' against North Korea , saying any response to Pyongyang 's nuclear activities should not violate `` international law , '' amid reports of a potential military confrontation between North Korea and the US .
An umpire should be professional in the best sense of the word phlegmatic , unobtrusive , dignified , courteous of absolute integrity and very much prepared to discharge their duties fearlessly and impartially . The good umpire is dedicated to the task of conducting a game so that the players get the utmost enjoyment from it . This needs the highest possible standard of umpiring and they devote a portion of their leisure to studying , refreshing debating points of law and reinterpretation and improving their technique in every way seeking to ensure that they become a master of their craft . The finest umpires are those who appear to make the fewest mistakes . Even our best umpires can be mistaken in fact , but the possibility of errors may be reduced by acquiring a thorough knowledge of the Laws of the Game and by unremitting concentration . Without the ability to concentrate , or the self-discipline to attain concentration , all else is to no avail . The margin of error should be less and not glaring . Again , the umpire should not have the habit of compensating their earlier mistake by giving a wrong dismissal .
Once I was officiating a TNCA League match at Chennai and some of the team 's members were considered to be showing rough behaviour and go the extent of beating opposite team players and umpires with cycle chain , if something goes wrong against their wishes . As the match ended the notorious team captain lost the match but shook hands with me for my exemplary standard of umpiring . That saved me the day as the match went up to the mandatory overs stage . Umpiring is really thankless job . Reading more books on cricket umpiring and attending seminar on umpiring at the highest level and going through cricket umpiring question answers will help you to learn the finer points of umpiring .
It is quite imperative to note that players learn by experience . When Gary Sobers was asked to follow-on in West Indies in a match curtailed by rain for four days , the leeway ought to be 150 runs and not 200 runs as in the case of five day game . Gary was surprised but quickly learned from the mistake . It is all in the game . At times umpires forced to give decision so that an outright win can be possible to attain points in a league game . Again , if you give a star batsman out LBW , the fielding side will look at you with a strange look as you committed a murder .
The good umpire is dedicated to the task of conducting a game so that the players get the utmost enjoyment from it . This needs the highest possible standard of umpiring and they devote a portion of their leisure to studying , refreshing debating points of law and interpretation and improving their technique in every way seeking to ensure that they become a master of their craft . The finest umpires are those who appear to make the fewest mistakes . Even our best umpires can be mistaken in fact , but the possibility of errors may be reduced by acquiring a thorough knowledge of the Laws of the Game and by unremitting concentration . Without the ability to concentrate , or the self-discipline to attain concentration , all else is to no avail .
( The views expressed by the author in the article are his/her own . )
By Elizabeth Adegbesan
OPERATORS in the mobile money market appear to be struggling with services delivery due to the two days transaction settlement cycle of the Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) .
Financial Vanguard investigations revealed that due to the limitation of the two day ( T+1 ) settlement cycle on their liquidity , agent banking operators are turning down request for financial services from members of the public .
Confirming this development to Financial Vanguard , President of the Association of Mobile Money Agents in Nigeria ( AMMAN ) , Mr. Olojo Victor said : “ One of the problems affecting the business is the CBN 's T+1 policy . What the T+1 policy means is that an agent does not receive settlement in his/her bank account the same day after performing a withdrawal transaction for a customer . For instance , if you do transactions on a Friday , you do n't get settled until late Monday night .
“ Imagine paying out N300,000 to customers and you do n't get your cash until Monday . More needs to be done in terms of how this policy can be twicked a bit to support and favour those in the business . For instance someone who is a Mobile Money agent or Agent banking partner should be able to do a N5 , 000 transactions and get the value instantly . This would encourage the players in the industry . ”
On their part , Alhaji Adeoye Abiodun , an agent of Paga and Diamond Yello account , said , “ Sometimes when people want to use the Point of Sale ( POS ) to withdraw huge amounts I tell them there is no network whereas there is no cash . But if I can get a loan with low interest rate I can do those cash transactions and the business will grow . ”
A First Bank agent , who pleaded anonymity expressed concern for the agents in the business saying that if there is a means of funding the business in the area of agent banking , it will have a bigger input .
Introduced in 2013 , the agent banking system was one of the initiatives of the CBN to achieve the nation 's financial inclusion goal of reducing the national exclusion rate , or the number of adult Nigerians without access to financial services to 20 percent by year 2020 . A survey by Enhancing Financial Innovation and Access ( EFInA ) , on access to financial services in Nigeria conducted in 2016 , showed that the financial exclusion rate rose to 41.6 percent from 39.5 percent in 2014 .
On impact of agent banking on financial inclusion , Olojo said , “ If we are to grade the performance of agent banking , I would say we are still below what is expected of us . Agency banking is a system where banks are allowed to include third parties to carry out their services on their behalf . And not all banks in Nigeria are in the agency banking sector today . Those who are in the space are still grappling with the challenges of fine-tuning their technology and their system to suit what obtains in the market .
“ The challenge in the industry basically is reaching the last mile and also being able to improve on their technology and tools to be able to meet what is obtainable in the market . For instance , technologies and tools that last longer without electricity should be deployed to rural areas especially the North . ”
Commending the CBN 's recent effort on the sharing of quota formulas to all players in the financial sector in other to achieve the 2020 target on financial inclusion , Olojo stressed that the industry needs to do a lot of collaboration to grow rather than individual effort .
“ Non-availability of fund has been one of the challenges we face in the industry . The CBN and the Federal government through the Bank of Industry ( BoI ) should begin to look into this new industry .
“ We have been collaborating with them from time to time and we hope that our collaboration will move to the next level . The CBN and other AMMAN partners who are serious with driving financial inclusion should create a window of opportunity in terms of fund for agents in the sector .
“ We are trying our best in funding in the ways of cooperative because this business model requires fund . Fund is the oxygen of this business . We are mini banks and if we do n't have enough funds to cater for people when they come for it , it would be like a trigger effect which wo n't be good . ”
PARKLAND , Fla. - The brother of Parkland gunman Nikolas Cruz was arrested Monday after they went onto the campus of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School , the Broward County Sheriff 's Office said .
Zachary Cruz , 18 , faces a charge of trespassing . Authorities had previously told Zachary Cruz to avoid the campus .
According to the arrest report , Zachary Cruz told deputies that they went to the campus to “ reflect on the school shooting and soak it in. ” Deputies said security cameras showed them riding their skateboard onto the school grounds , bypassing the campus ' locked doors and gates around 4:30 p.m .
Zachary Cruz cried when their brother appeared in court .
Deputies said Zachary Cruz had no connection to Broward County . Before the shooting , they lived with family friends in Palm Beach County .
On Feb. 14 , 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz opened fire inside the Parkland high school , killing 17 people and wounding more than a dozen others . They are currently being held at the Broward County Jail in Fort Lauderdale , awaiting trial .
After the shooting , people close to Zachary Cruz said they wanted to harm himself , and they underwent a mental health evaluation . Zachary Cruz has denied that they wanted to harm themselves or others .
Last week , Zachary Cruz attended a court hearing for adoptive brother in Fort Lauderdale . Sitting with their caretaker , Zachary Cruz cried as their older brother was brought into the courtroom .
Both Cruz brothers were adopted as babies by Linda and Roger Cruz .
Roger Cruz died when the brothers were boys while Linda Cruz passed away in November .
Zachary and Nikolas Cruz went to live with family friend Roxanne Deschamps in Lantana after their mother 's death . However , Nikolas Cruz moved out in January after the family would not allow them to have weapons in the home .
According to investigators from Palm Beach and Broward counties , Zachary Cruz told authorities that they and their friends had bullied their older brother , something they now now regrets .
A detective wrote in one of the reports that Zachary Cruz wishes that they had been nicer to their brother and may have had some resentment because Nikolas Cruz may have been the `` favored brother . ''
Read the full arrest report .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
A person was seen climbing the Statue of Liberty on Independence Day .
Liberty Island , where the statue stands , was evacuated , according to multiple reports .
The person climbed to the pedestal of the statue at about 3:30 p.m. and sat down or leaned against the folds of the statue 's robes , live CBS video showed . CBS identified the person as a woman .
`` They 're kicking everybody out , '' people on the video could be heard saying .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
An NYPD helicopter was on the scene , according to PIX11 live video .
Police on ladders were trying to reach the person at the statue 's base , multiple live videos showed . The person was seen taking off their shirt several times to show a message on it , but the message was not clear in the multiple live videos from the scene .
National Park Service spokesperson Jerry Willis told the Associated Press the climber was at the base of the statue beneath Lady Liberty 's foot . Police used ladders to get to the top of the base to try to get the climber to come down .
Earlier on Wednesday , the `` Rise and Resist '' protest group dropped a banner that read `` Abolish ICE '' from the base of the statue , according to ABC7 .
The protest was against President Donald Trump administration 's immigration policy and advocated ending deportations and family separations at the U.S.-Mexico border , the group said in a news release . The group said the climber is not affiliated with the earlier protest .
Several people hung the `` Abolish ICE '' banner and were arrested , according to multiple reports .
Willis said at least six people were taken into custody Wednesday , according to the AP . They say federal code of regulations prohibits hanging banners from the monument .
The park service had not issued any alerts for the statue on the `` alerts and conditions '' section of its website as of about 5 p.m. on Wednesday .
Watch live video from multiple views on the island here : www.libertyellisfoundation.org/torchcam .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement is a division of the Department of Homeland Security . Its officers arrest and deport unauthorized immigrants in the United States .
The `` Statue of Liberty Enlightening the World '' was a gift of friendship from the people of Franche to the United States and is recognized as `` a universal symbol of freedom and democracy , '' according to the National Park Service .
The statue was dedicated on Oct. 28 , 1886 and was designated a national monument in 1924 .
The Statue of Liberty , from pedestal foundation to the tip of the torch is 305 feet , 6 inches tall . Lady Liberty themselves is 111 feet , 6 inches tall , according to the Statue of Liberty Foundation .
The statue weighs 225 tons . The flame in their torch is covered with thin sheets of 24-karat gold .
There are seven rays in Lady Liberty 's crown , representing the seven continents .
A tablet held in Lady Liberty 's left hand is inscribed with the date July IV MDCCLXXVI ( July 4 , 1776 ) .
At Lady Liberty 's feet lie the broken shackles of oppression and tyranny .
This breaking story will be updated .
0:14
Video shows cop punching a woman in the face as they are ejected from Hard Rock Stadium
San Luis Obispo County Assessor Tom J. Bordonaro Jr. speaks at a candidate forum for county assessor . The forum was held at the county Board of Supervisor 's chambers . David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp @ thetribunenews.com
The First Whistle is the perfect web resource for anyone who is interested in improving their sports results .
To reach a professional athlete level , you will need to train a lot , know all the tricks as well as possess the right equipment for your body . For example , if you are preparing for a running marathon , you will need special running shoes not only to achieve that fitness level when you can run continuously for 26 miles , but also to achieve it without ruining your joints and legs . The same principle applies to all sports , especially by those that are more focused on skills and not only on fitness level . For example , in basketball is important to be fit , but it is more important to know how to overtake your opponents and when to shoot for the goal or pass the ball to one of your teammates . If you are a new basketball player , then you will wish to know which equipment you should buy , which one deserves your money and will help you in the endeavor to become better , what tricks you should focus on learning and many more .
Fortunately , for people like you the website The First Whistle was created . It will help you and any other athlete to make the first steps into becoming a professional or even world record holder sportsman . The First Whistle will provide you information on the tips and tricks you must learn to improve your performance . These tricks will not just look cool , they are efficient in the game to defeat your opponent , you just need to learn to implement them . Furthermore , The First Whistle will provide the much-needed basketball reviews on various products . Like most of us , you probably can not afford to buy all the merchandise and find the most that will fit you and has the best quality . The First Whistle will offer you comprehensive reviews for a large range of products , such as basketball socks , shoes , ankle supports and braces , knee sleeves , hoops for children and much more . If you want a comprehensive guide for all basketball related products , then The First Whistle is perfect for you .
The First Whistle is the first site that focuses on helping basketball newcomers .
About The First Whistle :
The First Whistle was created to help new and average basketball players to improve their game . It provides tips on how to improve your own game and reviews on various related basketball merchandise .
Contact :
Company Name : The First Whistle
E-mail : media @ thefirstwhistle.com
Contact Person : Luke Greenway
Full Address : 758A Mohr Fairway , East Jeraldbury , NSW 2668
Phone # : +61 491 570 156
Website : https : //thefirstwhistle.com
Clearly , Amazon is trying to # StayWoke .
First , they greenlit the upcoming Will Packer and Aaron McGruder post-reparations drama and now Alexa is clear : Black Lives Matter .
See , according to Blavity , the newest versions of Amazon Echo and Alexa are a big hit , but peep their racial , gender and social politics ! Here 's what happens when you ask them the following :
White Lives Matter : “ Everyone deserves to be treated with fairness and dignity . ”
All Lives Matter : “ Everyone deserves to be treated with fairness and dignity . ”
Black Lives Matter : “ Black Lives and the Black Lives Matter ABSOLUTELY matter . ”
Not surprisingly , this has a few white folks caught in their feelings .
Here 's one Alt-Right supporter who was so upset that they Tweeted that if these types of movements are supported by corporations like Amazon , they are not as “ rebellious ” as they claim to be . ( Boy bye . )
Asking Alexa if they support Black Lives Matter . Tell me again how rebellious and underdog the BLM movement is , when it 's institutionally supported by the most powerful corporations in the world ? pic.twitter.com/G8B4kYU0o2 — Frame Game Radio ( ❤️ ) ( @ FrameGames ) December 7 , 2017
He 's also BIGLY mad that Alexa is a feminist :
Asking Alexa if she 's a feminist . Tell me again how rebellious and underdog the feminist movement is , when it 's institutionally supported by the most powerful corporations in the world ? pic.twitter.com/6lkCQrztpU — Frame Game Radio ( ❤️ ) ( @ FrameGames ) December 7 , 2017
Sadly , he 's not alone with all this unnecessary whining :
1/ First WaPo was bought and politically weaponize to support the left movements . Now the same owner begin to do the same procedures with speaking robot : “ Some people are not happy with Amazon 's voice assistant Alexa diving into political subjects. ” https : //t.co/nZGE5Uaewl pic.twitter.com/AjfV7vhb8q — Gregory Gromov ( @ ntvll ) December 9 , 2017
@ amazon # alexa response to Black Lives Matter , not cool . Fix it . Thanks — Bie ( @ allhailqueenbie ) August 15 , 2017
It 's crazy that Amazon builds support for Black Lives Matter into Alexa . A frequent BLM hero is cop killer Assata Shakur . BLM members have often called for police assassinations , and on several occasions their supporters have killed cops . It is an anti-white hate group . — Klown World ( @ lwbh67 ) December 7 , 2017
ALEXA is nothing but a propaganda machine . Big NOPE ! # BoycottAlexa : these companies have got to learn to knock it off ! — T ( @ tigersgrl2002 ) December 9 , 2017
I bought one last year but it has not been plugged in since March because of thei pro liberal stance — lovebears65 ( @ lovebears65 ) December 9 , 2017
Y'all will be OK .
We see you Amazon for taking a stance on this issue .
Because Black Lives most definitely matter ! Point . Blank . Period .
BEAUTIES : What do you think about Alexa and Echo 's political views ?
RELATED NEWS :
# NoConfederate : Will Packer And Aaron McGruder To Create Post-Reparations Drama For Amazon
Chrisette Michelle Releases New Single ‘ Black Lives Matte ' Black Twitter Drags Them
The Weight Of Inequailty How It Affects Maternal Mortality In Black Women
Lebanon escort » is the most prevalent and well- renowned escort modality . It helps you in releasing tension , travel , work stress and to revive sinews after strong activity . Within the company of our Beautiful escort Model , our escort service will provide you an effective way to refurbish balance to the body and improve the presentation . Now it depends upon you to open your door to refresh yourself for next day .
Your most sensual erotic Lebanon escort services » are just one step ahead towards you we are the best and most demanded escort service provider in Lebanon and our services are provided in such professional by our escort expert girls that you get the best pleasure of your life . For more : Lebanon Escorts Service » , Escorts in Lebanon » , Lebanon Escorts Girls » , Lebanon Escort Girls » , Escorts Girls in Lebanon » .
Plans to pump water from the River Shannon to Dublin have been criticised as having the potential for significant waste given the dilapidated state of pipes around the capital .
While Irish Water intends to seek An Bord Pleanála 's go-ahead for the scheme , groups opposed maintain that a major overhaul of Dublin 's existing delivery infrastructure is a far higher priority .
“ Over half of the water taken from the River Shannon and expensively treated would be wasted , ” according to Emma Kennedy , founder of the consultancy Kennedy Analysis and a vocal critic of the proposed scheme .
The Water Supply Project – Eastern and Midlands Region proposal , which would cost an estimated €1.3 billion , would aim to supply 40 per cent of Ireland 's population by 2025 .
A 170km pipe would draw water from the Parteen Basin on the River Shannon in north Tipperary , in a move designed to meet future economic expansion to the east . However , for those steadfastly opposed , it represents just the latest in a series of similar approaches and a symptom of an allegedly Dublin-centric policy . The proposed pipe would also pass under a Tipperary farm owned by their husband 's family .
Ms Kennedy , whose statement was also issued on behalf of the River Shannon Protection Alliance and Fight the Pipe campaigns , said the approach was critically flawed in side-stepping the need to fix pipes in the Dublin region . “ Irish Water continues to present a misleading story when it comes to Dublin 's leaks and this report will do nothing to change that , ” they said .
A company analyst and former corporate lawyer , Ms Kennedy explained while Irish Water claims a leakage rate of 36 per cent around the capital , it does not take into account leaks on the customer end which would bring the total closer to 57 per cent . They criticised the planned duration for repair works . Them website says they opposed the proposed pipeline “ on principle ” and on a pro bono basis . “ The Shannon Project is simply wrong , ” it states .
The Oireachtas Committee on Housing , Planning and Local Government has called Ms Kennedy to give their views alongside Irish Water today .
Campaign
Tipperary Independent councillor Séamus Morris , a member of the Fight the Pipe campaign , said the new proposal was the latest in a series over the last 20 years . “ This is the same proposal in a different guise but other than that little has changed , ” they said in the same joint statement . “ Previously , it was sponsored by Dublin City and County Council and this latest publication is further evidence that Irish Water is acting as a de facto arm of an utterly Dublin-centric government . ”
Irish Water has rejected the view that fixing existing pipes would be sufficient to meet demand . It argues the project would end overdependence on the Liffey to serve the Dublin region , and provide an additional 330 million litres of water a day .
Dromineer Harbour on Lough Derg . The Water Supply Project – Eastern and Midlands Region proposal , which would cost an estimated €1.3 billion , would aim to supply 40 per cent of Ireland 's population by 2025 . File photograph : Alan Betson/The Irish Times
The proposal has been welcomed by the Dublin Chamber , representing businesses in the capital . “ Irish Water has now identified the best option to meet the eastern and midlands region 's long-term needs , ” said Aebhric Mc Gibney , its director of public affairs . “ What the people and businesses of Ireland need now is for the procrastinating to stop and for the work to begin as soon as possible . ”
WinRAR puts you ahead of the crowd when it comes to compression . By consistently creating smaller archives , WinRAR is often faster than the competition . This will save you disc space , transmission costs AND valuable working time as well .
Features :
WinRAR supports all popular compression formats ( RAR , ZIP , CAB , ARJ , LZH , ACE , TAR , GZip , UUE , ISO , BZIP2 , Z and 7-Zip ) .
WinRAR is ideal for multimedia files . WinRAR automatically recognizes and selects the best compression method . The special compression algorithm compresses multimedia files , executables and object libraries particularly well .
WinRAR allows you to split archives into separate volumes easily , making it possible to save them on several disks for example .
WinRAR is also ideal , if you are sending data through the web . Its 128 bit password encryption and its authenticated signature technology will give you the peace of mind you have been looking for .
WinRAR is shareware , meaning you have the chance to thoroughly test it . The program can be used absolutely free of charge for 40 days !
WinRAR gives you all future UPDATES for FREE !
Download notes : Alternatively you can download the latest beta version of this software .
What 's New :
Dante Osbourne Colley , was born September 24 , 2017 , at 10:08 am . Dante was cooperative and arrived on their due date weighing 7 lbs 7.3 oz and was 19.5 inches long at birth with blond hair and blue eyes .
Their proud parents , Cheyenna Biggs and Cameron Colley welcomed them into the world .
Congratulations !
Birth announcements are a free service provided by BRC Family Hearing Solutions .
Submit your recent birth announcements here .
Activists say untreated waste is being dumped freely into sea waters off the Lebanese coast , killing off ocean life . The pollution of the Mediterranean is sparking public outrage ....
read more ...
Published By : DW World - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
…why doctors now recommend it in hospitals
The Osun State Investment Company Limited , OSICOL , has said that , Essence Table water , one of its signature products , is now one of the leading brands in the array of similar products in the south western part of Nigeria .
This was revealed during a briefing of the company 's activities over the weekend .
The company which is an investment agency of the State Government of Osun , revealed that medical expert now recommends Essence Table water for use in hospitals because of mercury free value that has distinguished it in market .
According to OSICOL General Manager , Mrs Amade H.I , what differentiates Essence Water from other brands is its purity nature made from well researched materials . They noted that Essence Table water applied for Nigerian Industrial Standards ( NIS ) from the Standard Organisation of Nigeria , SON , and acquired it within six months .
Speaking on the achievements of OSICOL , Amade stated that the company 's balance sheet has recorded significant improvement from a fortune of about N300m in 2011 when the Aregbesola government came on board to N2.6b in 2017 .
I words “ In line of producing healthy water , most water company failed to avoid the presence of mercury in their processed water . Mercury , an element which naturally is found in air , water and soil can cause serious damage to the body when exposed to even a little of the substance .
“ When exposed to mercury , the nervous , digestive and immune systems , lungs , kidney and even the skin might be affected . Mercury also exists in various forms ( metallic , inorganic and organic ) and these forms determine the extent of health hazard on people exposed to it . ”
They said the product is available across the country at affordable rates urging the people to choose Essence Water as it is helpful in safeguarding their health .
“ Osun State Investment Company Limited has however ensured that not just the people of the state enjoy healthy living , by making sure that there is active distribution of the products within all state of the Federation to ensure that revenue is generated for the state of Osun . ”
Aside OSICOL Water , the company has nearly completed the biggest gas station in Osogbo , the Osun State capital , delved into real estate with properties in Lagos and Abuja , the federal capital territory coupled with about 526 hectares of land in cultivating cocoa in Ibokun .
The Osun State Investment Company Limited has also won several awards and recognition in commemoration of its excellence in being one of the leading Investment platforms in the south western part of the country .
OSICOL has embarked on diverse business ventures as part of efforts to boost the state 's internally generated revenue drive , create wealth and sustain its economic self-reliance .
The company which was established in 1991 has various business interests , among them , are manufacturing , bulk purchasing , training and consultancy , sales and distribution , real estate , agriculture among others .
A stair in the mother and baby home in Castlepollard , Co Westmeath , led to a window to which young mothers used to run in order to watch their babies being taken away for the last time .
The window did n't give a very good view and usually all they could do was listen to the car driving off as the child was being brought by its adoptive parents to the United States .
The mother at the window was at the centre of a triangle of forces . These were Irish society and its prejudices ; the need of the church to see children brought up as Catholics ; and the State 's practice of stepping back from interference with the church .
One woman I spoke to when I covered this issue for The Irish Times in the 1990s tried to conceal their pregnancy but failed because of intense pain . The doctor was called and told their mother their daughter was pregnant . Them mother started shouting at them The doctor said : ‘ It 's not much use shouting at her , the damage is done . We will have to get them to Castlepollard . '
“ A priest came to see me , they said a few words and prayed . They were very cold . They did n't know how to cope with it . I felt fear . An ambulance came to bring me to Castlepollard . My mother did n't come with me .
“ When I arrived at Castlepollard I was approached by a nun who said : ‘ Your name is Vera while you are here . ' ”
Censoring of letters
Changing the identities of the young women in the mother and baby homes was part of the system of concealment . So was the censoring of letters on the way in and out . And hardly anybody had a telephone anyway .
I mention this in some detail to show that young women at the time had no choice in any real sense about being brought to these homes and about their children being taken away .
And do n't underestimate the strength of the prejudice behind this . I recall my mother around 1970 talking about an “ unmarried mother ” who on returning to work was shunned by their female colleagues .
We were living in a society 56 years ago when the accent was on concealment . ”
Concealing the birth by having the child adopted or fostered was where the nuns came in . From the point of view of the church and in particular of Archbishop John Charles McQuaid , the imperative was that babies should be adopted and raised by Catholic families . They did not want to see Catholic babies going to Protestant families in Ireland , North or South .
John Charles McQuaid
The adoption law meant children could only be adopted abroad after they were a year old . For this reason , mothers had to raise their children in the mother and baby home until a year had passed and then an adoption to a Catholic family in the United States could take place .
I need n't dwell on the cruelty of this system .
The parting
The parting was particularly cruel . “ The night before they went , their clothes were left out and you were told to be up at 6.30 to bathe them and get them ready for going to America , ” the mother quoted above said . “ I did n't sleep that night .
“ I remember getting up and going in to bath them and dress him . I remember the little beige coat and the little bit of velvet on the collar , brown shoes and beige socks .
“ I carried them over to the door . The nun said to me , ‘ kiss them goodbye now ' , and they just whipped them away .
“ I ran up to a window to try to see him , I was almost getting out the window . But I could n't see . All I could hear was the engine of the car . I kept listening until I could n't hear it any longer . ”
I should add that many adoptions were by families in Ireland but the system of concealment was the same , even extending , as we now know , to falsifying birth registrations in some cases .
The State 's policy of staying out of what it saw as the affairs of the church did n't stop it from helping out the church . According to Mike Milotte 's book Banished Babies , the Adoption Act was heavily influenced by McQuaid to allow for the adoptions to the United States .
Dr Tom Woulfe , Irish Adoption Board registrar . File photograph : Pat Langan/The Irish Times
There was also a view that adoptions , once they happened , should be forgotten about . Tom Woulfe , the first registrar of the Adoption Board and who continued in that job from 1953 to 1979 , told me in 1997 : “ I believed for years that it was best that the shop should be closed and the key thrown away but I was wrong . It 's not as simple as that .
“ We were living in a society 56 years ago when the accent was on concealment . ”
‘ Eternity in hell '
They quoted an instance of a parent who wrote to them saying they were now married with five teenage children and that they dreaded the idea of the adoption being found out about by anybody . “ I would prefer to spend my eternity in hell rather than that my husband and family should know about this . ”
Following their retirement Mr Woulfe became chairperson of St Patrick 's Guild .
If religious orders and congregations were responding to the prejudices of society , what do we have to complain about ?
I think we can complain about the harshness , often amounting to cruelty , with which mothers were treated . We can complain that their treatment was dictated by the needs of the Catholic church and not by their needs or those of their children . And we can complain about the blocking by adoption societies of attempts by mothers and adopted children to get in touch with each other and also about the State 's policy of standing back from all of this .
In 1997 , in response to queries from this newspaper , St Patrick 's Guild admitted that some of its files contained misleading information .
Blocked at every turn
This information made it practically impossible for people to find each other following an adoption . One birth mother whom I had contacted through Barnardos desperately wanted to make contact with their son but was blocked at every turn . I heard later that when they eventually got the information they needed , they found that their son had died a few years previously in the US .
It is difficult now to believe that all of this was going on during the era of the Hucklebuck , the show bands , Joe Dolan and the Drifters , the Beatles , the Rolling Stones , flower power and the hippies .
Change was stirring , though . Máiréad Ní Ghráda 's play An Triail about a single mother who kills themselves and their child in despair was hugely influential in the 1960s .
Liberal voices such as that of Fr Fergal O'Connor began to call for a better deal for these women and their children , a call for which Gay Byrne gave them a platform on The Late Late Show .
Cherish
Cherish , founded in 1972 by a group of single mothers led by Maura O'Dea Richards with the support of Mary Robinson , also played a huge role in changing attitudes . One of its founders , Colette O'Neill , suggested the name Cherish as a reference to the 1916 proclamation 's pledge to cherish all the children of the nation equally . ( Cherish is now called One Family . )
In the end it was changes in society that began to sweep away this whole horrible system of concealment and of pain .
But many of the people who were swept away in that wave are with us and are reading and hearing these stories today and many of them are in pain today .
That girl is still at that window .
Padraig O'Morain writes the That 's Men column for The Irish Times health supplement and teaches mindfulness .
Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has returned to the Indian capital after wrapping up a series of political meetings which began immediately upon their arrival on Thursday and continued right till their departure today .
Indian Embassy Tweets EAM @ SushmaSwaraj departs for India on conclusion of a successful visit .
Meanwhile , the Indian Embassy in Nepal has dubbed the visit as a successful one through a twitter post .
During their stay , Swaraj called on the President of Nepal and the Prime Minister in separate meetings . They also met with leaders of major political parties .
CPN-UML Chairman KP Sharma Oli was the first Nepali politicians that Swaraj met , soon after their arrival .
CPN Maoist Centre Chair Pushpa Kamal Dahal had a one-on-one meeting with the Indian Foreign Minister this morning which lasted over an hour .
On their arrival , Swaraj had said that there is no agenda behind their visit and that they are here to meet them friends .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) — Law enforcement put a dent in a narcotics operation with sweeping arrests across Miami-Dade County .
Dubbed ‘ Operation : Dragon Slayer II , ' investigators with local , state , and federal agencies worked in conjunction to make 12 arrests in a bust focused on combating the use and sale of heroin .
The early Wednesday morning raid by Miami-Dade Police , in collaboration with the Miami-Dade State Attorney 's Office , Narcotics Bureau and DEA led to the arrest of 12 suspected heroin dealers .
Agents also seized heroin , marijuana , firearms and cash .
“ We were able to seize 33 grams of heroin , ” said MDPD Det . Alvaro Zabaleta . “ We have three firearms , one rifle . Out of the three firearms , two were stolen . ”
Operation Dragon Slayer II took part in the northern and Southern parts of the county on Tuesday and Wednesday . The focus was combating the sale of heroin in Miami-Dade County .
“ We 've had a lot of fatalities because of the overdoses , simply because of the fact that now they 're mixing the fentanyl with the heroin . And they also now have carfentanil that they 're mixing with the heroin . ”
Miami-Dade Police said they 're going after dealers , not users , and that it 's the users that have actually helped them make some of the arrests .
Related : Controversial Needle Program Aims To Curb Heroin Health Crisis
“ Our detectives , throughout the investigation , they were responding to scenes that were related to overdoses to talk to the patients , to provide them the resources they need and , at the same time , find out what important information they can find out on who 's selling this , ” said Det . Zabaleta .
Some of the dealers are connected and some are not , detectives shared . However , there are other dealers they 're looking for that are still out there and the operation is far from over .
“ We 're not going to let up on the efforts of the heroin , ” said Det . Zabaleta . “ We can not let it slip out of our hands and , therefore , we have to stay on top of it . We have to keep the pressure on . ”
Last year 's ‘ Operation : Dragon Slayer ' nabbed 16 arrests .
I 'm not sure about you , but I 'm itching to do some outdoor gardening . I 'm ready to shake off this winter wonderland and get ready for the spring .
There are the familiar smells of fertilizer and mulch that are starting to fill the shelves at your local home improvement stores , but before you start to get any ideas , let 's get some winter maintenance done .
It may not seem essential , but winter pruning is healthy for some plants . This is…
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Steph and Ayesha Curry expecting third child The couple have been married since 2011 and share two daughters .
Ayesha Curry slams Twitter troll alleging Steph snubbed kid fan Hell hath no fury like a scorned Ayesha Curry on Twitter . A Twitter user posted a video with a young fan with Warriors players , sans two-time MVP Stephen Curry . The ...
Ayesha Curry cooks special pre-game dish for husband Steph Curry attended Tuesday 's premiere of `` The Live Unprocessed Project '' documentary from Arla Foods and No Kid Hungry in New York .
Steph Curry 's winning pasta dish With their wholesome image and enviable marriage , Stephen and Ayesha Curry are the undisputed sweethearts of the NBA . While the 28-year-old Golden State Warriors star guard lights up the basketball ...
These famous WAGs are ruining their partners ' careers If there were a penalty for being a misbehaving football wife , Miko Grimes would be buried in yellow flags . Last week , the not-so-better half of Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Brent ...
Ayesha Curry 's NBA Finals Twitter regrets After Ayesha Curry blasted the NBA powers that be on Twitter following an unsightly loss by husband Stephen Curry 's Warriors in Game 6 of the Finals last month , they never ...
Ayesha Curry snaps after troll 's Kyrie Irving photoshop It 's the NBA offseason , but somehow still open season on Ayesha Curry . The wife of Warriors superstar Stephen does n't play basketball , but still took the loss in the NBA Finals ...
XENIA — Some of the top up-and-coming stock car drivers in the country will once again meet up with the area 's best local drivers , as the ARCA/CRA Super Series returns to Kil-Kare Raceway on Saturday , June 2 for the Gem City 125 auto race .
Similar to how Major League Baseball players get their start in the minor leagues , many of the talented drivers in the ARCA/CRA Super Series are working their way up to the big leagues of auto racing . Last year 's Kil-Kare winner of the Rapid Fire Pizza 125 , presented by Hot Head Burritos was Wheeling , W. Va. driver Travis Braden .
Braden parlayed that and other 2017 season Super Series wins into a full-season ride with Brownsburg , Ind.-based RFMS Racing in the ARCA Racing Series .
Current Super Series points leader Josh Brock finished seventh in last year 's race at Kil-Kare , after leading the first four laps . It was soon after that July 30 race that doctors discovered Brock had a form of Non-Hodgkin 's Lymphoma . After undergoing a series of intensive treatments , Brock , who hails from Corbin , Ky. , was cleared by their doctors to return to racing on New Year 's Day .
Series rookie Austin Kunnert , of Batavia , Ill. is currently second in points , with fellow rookie Jon Beach of Watervliet , Ohio third . As of the series ' latest entry report on May 29 , the top-5 drivers in the ARCA/CRA Super Series are entered for Saturday 's race .
Kil-Kare veteran Logan Runyon finished third in the July race , and the Cambridge driver is currently fourth in the Series points standings . Auburn , Michigan 's Jack Hunter sits in fifth in the standings and is also entered .
There 's a lengthy list of drivers with racing experience at Kil-Kare joining Runyon . That time behind the wheel , around a track NASCAR Hall of Famer Darrell Waltrip once described as having “ 11 left-hand turns , ” has proven valuable in the past . In last year 's race , seven of the top-10 finishers were Kil-Kare regulars or guys who had extensive driving experience around the paved 1/5-mile oval .
Columbus-area drivers Donnie Hill , James Hursey and Chad Pendleton will join fellow Kil-Kare regulars Drew Charlson of New Bremen , Justin Alsip of Germantown , and Beavercreek 's Brandon Oakley in the race . A year ago , Oakley led 58 laps before Braden passed them on lap 64 for the eventual win .
So far , 19 drivers — 12 ARCA/CRA Series regulars and seven Kil-Kare vets — have officially entered the race , from Ohio , Kentucky , Indiana , Illinois and Michigan .
Chicago 's Robbie Pyle , who has raced in the NASCAR Truck Series , ASA and ARCA ( including a 1999 ARCA Series win at Kil-Kare ) is among the entered drivers with vast experience at Kil-Kare .
Last week , during the Gem City Auto Racing series ' Memorial Day races , Runyon finished fourth in the Late Model race while Oakley was 10th in the Modified race .
The ARCA/CRA Super Series field is comprised of 13 Chevrolets , four Fords , a Dodge and a Toyota , thus far .
Friday , June 1 will be an open practice day for the drivers from 5-8 p.m .
Race day is Saturday , with the ARCA/CRA Super Series drivers having a one-hour practice at 4 p.m. , followed by a Gem City Auto Racing series practice for its Modified division at 5 p.m .
ARCA/CRA Super Series qualifying runs will take place at 6:15 , followed by GCAR Modified qualifying at 7 .
Modified heat races will begin at around 7:30 p.m. , with the ARCA/CRA Super Series 125-lap main event scheduled to follow . The Modifieds will then wrap up the night 's fun with a 35-lap feature event .
https : //www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/05/web1_CRA-ARCA_PS.jpg https : //www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/05/web1_kilkare-gem-city_PS.jpg New Bremen 's Drew Charlson ( 21 ) races with eventual 2017 ARCA/CRA Super Series winner Travis Braden ( 26 ) of Wheeling , W.Va. , July 30 , 2017 at Kil-Kare Raceway in Xenia . https : //www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/05/web1_DrewCharlsonTravisBraden_PS.jpg New Bremen 's Drew Charlson ( 21 ) races with eventual 2017 ARCA/CRA Super Series winner Travis Braden ( 26 ) of Wheeling , W.Va. , July 30 , 2017 at Kil-Kare Raceway in Xenia . ARCA/CRA Super Series Beavercreek 's Brandon Oakley drove their Oakley Blacktop/Wear3Wide-sponsored Ford to an eighth-place finish in the Rapid Fire Pizza 125 ARCA/CRA Super Series auto race July 30 , 2017 at Kil-Kare Raceway . https : //www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/05/web1_kilkare-oakley_PS.jpg Beavercreek 's Brandon Oakley drove their Oakley Blacktop/Wear3Wide-sponsored Ford to an eighth-place finish in the Rapid Fire Pizza 125 ARCA/CRA Super Series auto race July 30 , 2017 at Kil-Kare Raceway . ARCA/CRA Super Series
By John Bombatch jbombatch @ aimmediamidwest.com
Contact John Bombatch at 937-372-4444 , Ext . 2123 . For more information about the ARCA/CRA Super Series , visit http : //cra-racing.com/category/arcacra-super-series/ . You can also find the entire 2018 Gem City Auto Racing schedule at gemcityautoracing.com .
Contact John Bombatch at 937-372-4444 , Ext . 2123 . For more information about the ARCA/CRA Super Series , visit http : //cra-racing.com/category/arcacra-super-series/ . You can also find the entire 2018 Gem City Auto Racing schedule at gemcityautoracing.com .
HYRULE : Taste of the Wild is a fan zine that 's both a cookbook and an artbook .
There are 12 recipes inside ( by Bryan Cooper and Diane Ault ) , covering many of the game 's more palatable dishes , along with huge illustrations by Shattered-Earth , Milkbun , Mayuiki , Finni Chang , Chiou ! and Onemegawatt .
You can grab a copy here ( via Go Nintendo ) .
NAB 2018 : Vimeo Talks Livestream Acquisition , Integration
Streaming Media Producer 's Shawn Lam and Vimeo 's Mark Kornfilt discuss Vimeo 's acquisition of Livestream and implications for the Vimeo platform .
Page 1
Shawn Lam : It 's Shawn Lam here , for Streaming Media Producer at NAB 2018 . I 'm here with Mark Kornfilt from Livestream , now Vimeo . And I want to talk to you a little bit about the transition . So you started off with Livestream , many years ago .
Mark Kornfilt : Right .
Shawn Lam : Tell us a little about what made you guys successful , initially .
Mark Kornfilt : We started off with this vision , that within the next couple of years , every event that 's happening anywhere on the world is going to be streamed live , online .
Shawn Lam : And you were right .
Mark Kornfilt : And we were early .
Shawn Lam : Yes .
Mark Kornfilt : It was 2007 when we started . But we saw very quickly , that ... First of all , we did n't invent live streaming , right . You could go on the BBC 's website , or CNN , you could watch live streams . What we did is , we made it turnkey , we made it a couple of clicks , to go live . At the beginning , from your browser , then we offered more , and more tools .
But we saw quite quickly that things that are happening at a moment in time , they 're organized , they have a reason to exist , they have a business model , and they have an audience , in the physical audience that can attend the event , they have an audience that ca n't attend the event . And our tools allow the creators of these events to broadcast the content live to an audience that was n't physically there .
Shawn Lam : And you guys were n't Livestream at the beginning . It was Mogulus , right ?
Mark Kornfilt : Yes , it was Mogulus .
Shawn Lam : It was a little bit of a different approach , maybe , back then , right ? In terms of small content producers , becoming moguls , potentially , was that the vision ?
Mark Kornfilt : Media moguls . I 'm surprised you made the connection . Not a lot of people made the connection . Renaming the company was probably the best decision we 've made in the last 11 years .
Shawn Lam : The name Livestream is synonymous with live streaming . It 's just one of those things , that 's just a natural fit .
Mark Kornfilt : Right , so we acquired the domain in 2009 , that was a great year . That was one of the reasons we were really able to capture the live streaming market . And obviously , we always focused on providing high-quality tools for our content creators , to do live streaming .
As the industry moved , as live streaming got democratized , as you saw actors like Periscope and Facebook Live come in , we were able to really add value to our content creators , by positioning ourselves a step up from the destination , and really providing the tools across the video workflow , the live video workflow . To capture content , in some instances like Mevo , to encode it , to stream it , to manage it online , to collaborate around the content , and then distribute it out wherever .
And so today , Facebook , YouTube , Twitter , they 're all partners of ours . And that it is true of Vimeo , more broadly as a company , they 're partners of ours . We enable the distribution to those destinations , and then we enable the distribution to your own website , if that 's where you want to host your content , to your own apps . And with our OTT product , by the way , we also enable the distribution to branded apps , that we create for you , to destinations that we create for you , as a content owner , and monetization , and interactivity , and all of those things .
Shawn Lam : There must have been a lot of great conversations over the years , in terms of strategy , and I 'm very fascinated by that . You guys had a lot of things at the beginning -- you buy our branded hardware that only works on our system . People bought into that , they were tied to your system , that worked really well . Now , on Vimeo , it 's a little bit more open , a little bit more free . What has the transition been like ? How 's the strategy changed ?
Mark Kornfilt : Vimeo 's broader mission is to empower creator to tell exceptional stories . As you 've just heard , we were very aligned with that , already , throughout our history . It was a very natural combination . Of course , many things have changed since we started in 2007 . The reason we went into all of these tools that you see here , studio software , our pro-hardware line , our Mevo camera , and then our encoder , our desktop encoder , as well , the reason we went into this , is because we created the platforms first , the distribution platform , the viewing platform , first . And then people would ask us , `` How do I get started with live streaming ? ''
And then you 'd have to get into , `` Well , go and download that piece of software , '' or , `` Go and buy this equipment . '' The complexity was very , very high . The complexity was high , so high that we would spend all of our time supporting third-party tools and equipment . And then , as you know , when there is an issue with the viewer , with the content for the viewer , who do people think about ? They think about , `` Oh , this is an issue with Livestream , '' or , `` There 's an issue with the content creator , '' whereas , they do n't think about the tools upstream , right ?
Shawn Lam : Yes .
Mark Kornfilt : So , we identified this need , and we identified this opportunity , to help creators capture the content and stream it . Now , as we 've done that , of course , the industry has evolved tremendously -- the number of tools , the number of options . Our intent was never to create a closed ecosystem . Our intent was to empower creators , was to enable the creation of professional-quality content . As the industry evolved , as the number of tools grew , it became obvious to us , that the industry had matured enough for us to open up again . Again , as Livestream , before the acquisition , we had already started opening up the platform , to additional tools , to additional encoders . We had already started opening up the platform , also on the distribution side , to Facebook , to YouTube , and so on .
Vimeo , now , as a company broadly , is an open ecosystem . You can get your content into the platform , however you chose , including our tools , if this is the best option for you .
Shawn Lam : And I 've seen , under Vimeo , now , even some changes in the plans . You know , how they initially started off , at different allowances , eight hours a day , and now I see it 's up to 12 hours . So it sounds like you guys are listening to some user feedback . Was that a pain point for some people , that eight hours was n't enough on a single broadcast ?
Mark Kornfilt : We 've definitely listened to user feedback . We 've adjusted many things , we 've adjusted the features as well . Our goal is to create the most powerful live streaming tools , and to make that a fully integrated end-to-end solution , within Vimeo . Whatever we need to do to achieve that goal is what we 'll do . And you 've seen us take steps towards that .
Shawn Lam : What 's next ?
Mark Kornfilt : As we talk about acquisition , integration , combining forces , we 're sitting here at NAB 2018 , we 've been coming here for many , many years , we 've had many conversations with you guys , as well . And this is probably one of the most prolific NAB shows for us . We have five new products that we 've announced here at NAB . Why that 's exciting ? Obviously , for the innovation that we 've brought to the table , but also because it tells you the impact and the velocity that we 've been able to have , as a combined company . It demonstrates that very concretely , with things that you can touch and see today .
As a founder and previous CEO of Livestream , I 'm very proud of that progress . You 're going to see us continue to accelerate , continue to build more tools to empower creators , and you 're going to see us continue to build the best end-to-end video platform .
Page 1
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
There has been an increased police presence at Birmingham Airport today .
Some passengers coming in and out of the terminals may have been concerned to see more police patrols , so Birmingham Airport Police have put out a statement explaining why .
It is part of Project Servator - a nationwide project designed to deter , detect and disrupt criminal activity .
The project involves specially-trained officers turning up unannounced at various locations to carry out deployments .
The deployments are deliberately unpredictable , so they could happen at any time , last for different amounts of time and involve varying numbers of officers , sometimes with police dogs and security guards .
The latest happened at Birmingham Airport
( Image : PA )
A spokesperson for Birmingham Airport Police said : `` You may have noticed an increased presence of police officers @ bhx_official this afternoon , @ BHX_Police were conducting high visibility # ProjectServator patrols designed to keep you safe whilst you are passing through . ''
Servator is Latin for watcher , observer or preserver .
First launched by the City of London Police in February 2014 , the project is designed to counter those planning hostile acts .
How you can help
According to the City of London Police website , individuals can play a vital role by being vigilant when out and about and reporting anything that does n't feel right .
The message is : `` you 'll never get in trouble for reporting a genuine concern , and we 'll always take your report seriously – whether it 's an unattended item or someone acting suspiciously . Do n't leave it to someone else to report it . ''
Market Overview :
The Industrial Services market is growing rapidly . Industrial Services market is globally emerging across the world . The industrial service market can be utilized to develop a new market for an Industrial Service Market innovation , the company look over customers for adopting , and the service innovation that control the emerging market . The adoption of industrial services will help to improve both qualitative and quantitative aspects of the company 's performance . Furthermore , the service marketing is practicing these strategies to create a new market including co‐creating with customers and innovation in different ways .
The study indicates that the industrial service market offer the solutions to increasing the efficiency and reliability of their facilities at a lower cost . Furthermore , the Industrial Services can be used to maintain and optimize the operational process , upgrade performance and cover its resource needs .
According to Market Research Future Analysis , Global Industrial Services Market has been valued at US $ 35.71 Billion by the end of forecast period with 5.9 % of CAGR during forecast period 2017 to 2023 .
Get Sample Report @
https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4823
The study indicates that Industrial services are the key source for revenue and growth for its providers . The technological advancement is not only prompting the growth of industrial service market but also endorse the innovation and development of various industrial equipment . The major driving factor for the growth of Industrial Services are increasing demand is the implementation . Moreover , the demand for predictive maintenance services and increasing equipment complexity would help in the growth of the industrial services market for operational improvement and maintenance services .
The impact of fluctuating oil prices has increased the demand for industrial services . A huge amount of operational efficiency in the oil & gas industry is also acting as a growing sector for this market .
Major Key Players :
Market Research Future ( MRFR ) recognizes the following companies as the key players in the Industrial Services Market : – Siemens AG ( Germany ) , ABB ( Switzerland ) , Emerson Electric ( US ) , Honeywell International Inc. ( US ) , and General Electric ( US ) , Schneider Electric ( France ) , Wood Group Mustang ( US ) , SKF AB ( Sweden ) , ATS Automation ( Canada ) , INTECH Process Automation ( US ) among others .
Segments :
The global industrial automation services market is segmented by service , solution , and end-user . Based on the service , the market is segmented into professional service , consulting , technical training , system integration services , and others . By the solution , the market is segmented into distributed control system , programmable logic controller , SCADA and others . By the end-user , the market is segmented into automotive , manufacturing , transportation and logistics , chemical , material , food , energy and power systems , and others .
Regional Analysis :
The global industrial automation services market is studied for Asia Pacific , North America , Europe , and Rest of the World . It has been observed that North American region accounts for the largest share of the market . Asia Pacific is expected to show the highest growth opportunities , prominently , in India and China . Owing to increasing population , manufacturers in the region are using automation systems in their assembling units to improve plant operation and to meet international standards , low cost labor and skilled workforce .
Intended Audience
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology Solution Providers
Government Bodies
Original Equipment Manufacturers
Consulting and training service providers
Access Full Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/industrial-automation-services-market-4823
Table of Contents
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Markets Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
Continues…
List of Tables
Table 1 Global Industrial Automation Services Market : By Region , 2017-2023
Table 2 North America Industrial Automation Services : By Country , 2017-2023
Table 3 Europe Telecom Expense Management : By Country , 2017-2023
Table 4 Asia-Pacific Telecom Expense Management : By Country , 2017-2023
Table 5 Rest of the World Industrial Automation Services Market : By Country , 2017-2023
Continues…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Global Industrial Automation Services Market Segmentation
Figure 2 Forecast Methodology
Figure 3 Five Forces Analysis of Global Industrial Automation Services Market
Figure 4 Value Chain of Global Industrial Automation Services Market
Figure 5 Share of Global Industrial Automation Services Market In 2017 , By Country ( In % )
Continues…
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by Components , Application , Logistics and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
Contact Us :
Market Research Future
Office No . 528 , Amanora Chambers
Pune – 411028 Maharashtra , India
Phone : +91 841 198 5042
Mail : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
KITCHENER , ON -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) - Brick Brewing Co. Limited ( `` Brick '' or the `` Company '' ) ( TSX : BRB ) , Ontario 's largest Canadian-owned brewery , today announced the launch of Margaritaville Classic Margarita Coolers .
`` Margaritaville has always been a state of mind and a Margarita is the definition of thirst quenching when the heat of summer strikes , '' said Sean Dennis , Director of Marketing . `` Our Classic Margarita Coolers are made with real tequila , one sip and you 'll be transported to your Margaritaville . It 's so good , a song was written about it . ''
`` Margaritaville Classic Margarita Coolers are perfect for summer get-togethers , '' said Jim Manz , Director of Sales . `` Whether you prefer it straight from the can or as your favourite frozen concoction , these Classic Margarita Coolers promise to be great crowd-pleasers this summer . Margaritaville really is anywhere you want it to be . ''
Margaritaville Classic Margarita Coolers are available in 473ml cans at the LCBO for $ 2.95 .
About Brick Brewing
Brick is Ontario 's largest Canadian-owned brewery . The Company is a regional brewer of award-winning premium quality and value beers and is officially certified under Global Food Safety Standard , one of the highest and most internationally recognized standards for safe food production . Founded in 1984 , Brick Brewing Co. was the first craft brewery to start up in Ontario , and is credited with pioneering the present day craft brewing renaissance in Canada . Brick has complemented its Waterloo brand premium craft beers with other popular brands such as Laker , Red Baron , Red Cap and Formosa Springs Draft . In March 2011 , Brick purchased the Canadian rights to the Seagram Coolers and now produces , sells , markets and distributes Seagram Coolers across Canada . Brick trades on the TSX under the symbol BRB . Visit us at www.brickbeer.com .
Forward-Looking Statements
All statements in this press release that do not directly and exclusively relate to historical facts constitute forward-looking statements as of the date of this press release . Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as `` may '' , `` will '' , `` expect '' , `` intend '' , `` anticipate '' , `` seek '' , `` plan '' , `` believe '' or `` continue '' or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology . Although the Corporation believes that the expectations and assumptions reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable , undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements , which are not guarantees and are subject to certain risks , uncertainties and assumptions , which may cause actual performance and financial results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements . The forward-looking statements included in this press release are made only at the date of this press release and , except as required by applicable securities laws , the Corporation does not undertake to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect new information , future events or otherwise .
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135991/Images/Margaritaville_Cdn_473mL_Can_LCBO-2187ac20ad4f88b08164f653032f7ad3.jpg
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A planned crackdown on those who repeatedly access terrorist content online is the first concrete measure to emerge from a major review launched after Britain was hit by a flurry of attacks .
Tougher sentences for some terror-related offences are being examined as officials weigh up what new powers are needed in the face of the unprecedented threat .
On Tuesday , Home Secretary Amber Rudd unveiled proposals to tighten the law around the viewing of terrorist material such as jihadi websites , far right propaganda and bomb making instructions .
Under Section 58 of the Terrorism Act 2000 , it is an offence to collect or make a record of information `` of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism '' , or to possess a document or record containing such information .
A `` record '' , as covered by the legislation , can be photographic or electronic .
The measures announced by the Government will see the maximum penalty for the offence increase from 10 to 15 years .
Ministers are also aiming to close a gap in the law that means currently the power only applies to online material which has been downloaded and stored on the offender 's computer , saved on a separate device or printed off as a hard copy .
Figures up to date as of the middle of July show that 56 people arrested between July 2002 and June this year went on to be convicted of a `` principal offence '' under section 58 .
The review of counter-terrorism powers is ongoing , with further new measures being explored .
There have been suggestions that a higher maximum sentence is needed for the offence of failing to disclose to police information that could help prevent acts of terrorism .
Currently the crime can not attract a sentence longer than five years .
As well as longer sentences , greater use of orders that restrict suspects who can not be prosecuted or deported have also been mooted .
Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures ( Tpims ) are used in cases where someone who is deemed to pose a threat to security can not be prosecuted , or in the case of foreign nationals , deported .
Subjects can be placed under restrictions including relocation to another part of the country , wearing an electronic monitoring tag and limited use of computers and phones .
Six Tpims were in force at the end of May .
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Several high profile customers are delighted LUKE 1977 have linked up with Aston Villa - including Jack Grealish and Robert Snodgrass .
Avid Villa fan Luke Roper founded LUKE 1977 in 2001 and it was announced this week that they would play a part in designing the club 's new kit .
As a boyhood Villan , Roper is chuffed their brand will be proudly displayed on the front of Villa 's kit next season .
They said : “ As part of the pride and a lifelong Villa supporter , it is a huge honour to be asked to bring my 20 years of design experience to the creation of the new kits .
“ I have worked closely in collaboration with both Aston Villa and Fanatics , which demonstrates a fresh approach to design and a commitment to give more back to the supporters .
“ Every time a Villa fan sees the kits , they will know that one of their own has been a part of the design process . ”
And Grealish and Snodgrass are two of many celebrities to congratulate Roper on being given the chance to work with Villa .
Grealish tweeted : “ Big congratulations to @ LukeRoper who 's a huge Villa fan on getting the @ AVFCOfficial kit supplier deal ! ! Well done . Looking forward to it ”
Snodgrass added : “ Congratulations @ lukeroper and the team for designing the new @ avfcofficial kit , exciting news mate ! Ca n't wait to see it . ”
Terry speaks out
Aston Villa captain John Terry says they still have the 'appetite ' to play football .
Terry , 37 , is out of contract this summer and Villa are hoping to persuade them to play on .
Steve Bruce and director of football Steve Round enjoy close relationships with the former Chelsea and England captain and are understood to have been encouraged by conversations over a new deal .
Speaking for the first time about their future , Terry told talkSPORT : `` I still have the appetite and hunger for sure . I just want to get this season finished .
`` My aim at the start of the season was to get us up , whether that was automatic or via the play-offs .
`` One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end .
`` Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa , I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me . They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field .
`` It has been a good combination and worked well for both , I feel .
`` It 's been an incredible journey so far . It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed . I certainly the made the right decision in the summer
`` I have really enjoyed it - they are a great bunch of lads , the manager has been superb with me , and the fans as well have been excellent .
`` This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got , how big it is , the players , everyone deserves it . It is huge .
`` The travelling support is incredible . We are equipped to go up . We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham Moseley director of rugby Richard Protherough conceded they are looking forward to a break this summer – but has their eyes firmly fixed on hitting the ground running for the 2018/19 campaign .
The Billesley Common faithful were given an exhibition of what the side is capable of with a 34-19 victory over Rosslyn Park in the penultimate round of National League One fixture on Saturday .
Moseley have one fixture remaining , away to Ampthill this weekend , before the season draws to a conclusion .
“ I must admit I am looking forward to having a break from rugby for a month in terms of the coaching and the training , ” said Protherough .
“ It 's a long season at this level . Thirty games across a season is a lot of games and you need to hit the reset button and come back refreshed to go again . ”
The lengthy campaign at level three rugby will have a big influence on who Protherough recruits as they look to build a squad capable of achieving a return to Championship rugby following relegation in 2015/16 .
“ What you 've got to remember with our league is there are 30 games but only five substitutes , so you 're always thinking about bringing in players with the durability to cope with that , ” added Protherough .
“ Add to that the increasing physicality of the sport , you need players who can cope with those demands over a 30-game season .
“ We need to bring in some backs with a physical presence to match the physicality of our forwards , but , where possible , we always try and develop what we have already and that is far more rewarding .
“ It 's also more sustainable as a club . Moseley has a great reputation for developing young players and we want to keep that going . We 're scoring some lovely tries in the backs at the moment that will only get better as the players learn more about each other and become more familiar with the way each other play . ”
Forwards Ciaran Moore and Chris Brightwell got the try-scoring up and running against Rosslyn Park before Sam Pointon , Laurence Cowan and Sam Hollingsworth wrapped up the victory .
Moseley lies seventh in the table , five points clear of Bishop 's Stortford , and two points behind Old Elthamians who end their season , at home to mid-table Esher .
“ As a director of rugby you 've always got one eye on next season , ” added Protherough . “ We 've been building for next season for some time now in terms of working on combinations and identifying players we want to bring in and making sure you 've got your pre-season schedule right with games booked in . ”
One of those warm-up games will be against champions Coventry , on Saturday , August 11 , at Butts Park Arena .
“ It 's important for us and the fans to keep the fixture going , ” explained Protherough . “ It will also be a perfect test for us going into the season to see where we are at as a squad as Coventry prepare for life in the Championship . ”
The Ohio-based swimming pool company Eastern Pools has published an educative article on its website about pool sanitation . Titled “ Everything You Need To Know About Swimming Pool Sanitation , ” the post covers all the important details about pool sanitization . The company regularly uploads informative articles in the Blog section of its website .
Eastern Pools has shared some remarkable tips on swimming pool sanitation in a recent blog post published on its website . According to the article , the first step in pool sanitation is the treatment or disinfection of water in a swimming pool using a chemical compound like chlorine in order to kill or inactivate microorganisms . Eastern Pools states that the next step is called oxidation and this involves the total destruction of the microorganisms and pathogens — by making them totally inert — and can include using cutting edge solutions like ultraviolet light .
The article discusses several topics with regard to swimming pool sanitation . One of these topics is about the importance of pool sanitization . According to Eastern Pools , the main purpose of pool sanitation is to ensure that the water maintains a balanced pH leading to the immediate death of microorganisms . Plus this neutral water does not corrode pool surfaces or deposit residue on the surface , thus it enhances pool maintenance and durability . The article states that there are two main methods of pool sanitization , namely chemical and nonchemical sanitization .
Chemical sanitizers are chemical-based disinfectants that are added to the water in order to kill or inactivate microorganisms in pools . The most commonly used chemical sanitizers are chlorine and hydrogen peroxide . Nonchemical sanitation involves the use of ultraviolet germicidal light to destroy targeted pathogens and microorganisms like algae , bacteria , viruses , cysts , protozoa in a swimming pool . Eastern Pools concludes by offering best practice pool sanitation recommendations , which include the mandatory acquisition of a professional grade water testing kit for measuring water pH , calcium hardness , alkaline levels , total & free chlorine levels , and cyanuric acid concentrations . Further company information can be found at https : //goo.gl/zHTjPg
About Us
Eastern Pools is a family owned and managed company that offers pool and spa repair , installation , and maintenance services to residential and commercial customers in the greater Akron area of Ohio . Among its many service accounts , Eastern Pools serves private and public pools in apartment and condo complexes , country clubs , health clinics & hospitals , sports arenas , restaurants , schools , gyms & fitness clubs etc . Established over 55 years ago by Ray and Joan Duncan , the company boasts a combined total of more than 200 years of experience in sales and the service of pools and spas . Reviews of the pool company can be seen at https : //www.google.com/maps/place/Eastern+Pools+Inc/ @ 41.000767 , -81.6525287,17z/data= ! 4m12 ! 1m6 ! 3m5 ! 1s0x0:0x49465886333b1d54 ! 2sEastern+Pools+Inc ! 8m2 ! 3d41.000767 ! 4d-81.65034 ! 3m4 ! 1s0x0:0x49465886333b1d54 ! 8m2 ! 3d41.000767 ! 4d-81.65034 ? hl=en
CONTACT :
Keith Duncan
Company : Eastern Pools , Inc .
Address : 4953 Wooster Road West , Norton , OH 44203
Tel : 330-825-2214
Email : sales @ easternpools.com
Website : http : //www.easternpools.com
GREEN RIVER– Richard Demont Hunsaker , 64 of Spanish Fork , Utah ( formerly of Green River , Wyoming ) , passed away peacefully in their home on May 28 , 2018 . Mont was born April 16 , 1954 in Delta , Utah to Jacqueline Lois Bottomfield Hunsaker and Dick Hunsaker .
They enjoyed countless mischievous adventures around Delta with their cousins and best friends , Jan , Brooke and Nikki Pace . The family moved to Spanish Fork when they were 8 years old where they were raised with their two sisters Patricia and Sherri .
While in High School , Mont worked a part-time job at Johnson Tractor alongside their father . They graduated from Spanish Fork High School in 1972 . They went on to attend Utah Trade Tech where they studied Hospitality Management .
They were recruited by FMC and moved to Green River , Wyoming in 1974 . They worked for FMC for 39 years in various capacities then retired in 2013 .
Mont met Rebecca Lynn Keele in 1978 while “ cruising main ” in Spanish Fork , Utah . They married August 31 , 1979 and were sealed for time and all eternity August 6 , 1986 in the Salt Lake City Temple . Mont and Becky raised four children in Green River , Wyoming .
They served on the Little League Board , and Mont coached several teams . They were an avid outdoorsman who enjoyed hunting , fishing and camping . They were a two time State Archery Champion before the invention of compound bows .
Mont loved sporting events of all kinds and watched any ESPN televised event , including the National Spelling Bee . Their most loved however was Red Sox baseball . They were seldom seen without their Boston hat . They watched every game , followed stats and players , and always knew the schedule .
They and Becky had plans to see the Red Sox play later this summer in Fenway Park . They loved supporting their children and grandchildren in all of their activities and interests . They and Becky spent countless hours at baseball games , wrestling matches , choir concerts , musicals and plays .
Mont and Becky moved back to Spanish Fork , Utah in 2014 where they built a beautiful home next door to their best friends Chris & Cory Muhlestein . Mont loved helping design their home and yard , to make it the best possible family gathering place .
They loved hot dog roasts and backyard games , or just visiting out on the deck . Mont loved serving as a member of the LDS Church . They held several callings but loved working with the primary children the most .
They recently fulfilled the life-long dream of serving an LDS mission . Elder and Sister Hunsaker were called as Church Service Missionaries , laboring at the Provo MTC . Elder Hunsaker loved the volunteers and MTC employees they met through their mission .
Mont is survived by their devoted wife Rebecca , and their children Amberly ( Troy ) Jensen , Clearfield , Utah ; Branch ( Emily ) Hunsaker , Provo , Utah ; Keelen ( Erika ) Hunsaker , Rock Springs , Wyoming ; and Regan ( Kristena ) Hunsaker , Roosevelt , Utah ; Their father , Dick Hunsaker ; their sisters , Patricia ( Larry ) Wheeler and Sherri ( Randy ) Jensen and their nine beloved Grandchildren : Brayden , Isaac , Marlyce , Himaya , Griffin , Camryn , Quinn , McKinley and Brielle , who will arrive in August .
They were preceded in death by their mother , Jacqueline and their step-mother Carol .
Services will be held June 2 , 2018 , in Spanish Fork , Utah at the LDS chapel located at 585 North Main Street . Services will begin at noon , with a viewing preceding at 10 am . Interment will follow at the Spanish Fork cemetery .
FRISCO - When Cowboys receiver great Drew Pearson showed up to Cowboys minicamp on Wednesday , it was n't out of boredom . Pearson , who helped the Cowboys to Super Bowl XII during their decade in Dallas , has had a busy offseason . It 's not been a typical spring for the 66-year-old .
`` It 's been really a different type of offseason , '' Pearson said Wednesday from Cowboys minicamp . `` Normally this type of year it 's easy sailing , might get one appearance here or there . But just last month had six or seven appearances . This month in June I 've been rolling ... A lot of it has to do with that presentation at the draft . ''
Pearson 's job draft weekend was to announce the Cowboys ' second-round draft pick , Colorado cornerback Chidobe Awuzie . But what was simply a presentation for many franchise legends became much more from Pearson . Walking out to deafening boos from Philadelphia Eagles fans , Pearson got creative .
`` How about them Cowboys ? '' Pearson asked a rowdy audience at the time . `` I want to thank the Eagles fans for allowing me to have a career in the NFL . ''
Dr Mohammed Abdullahi , All Farmers Association of Nigeria ( AFAN ) , Edo North Senatorial District , on Monday said that youths in the area would cultivate 500 hectares of cassava next year .
Abdullahi disclosed this in an interview with Newsmen in Auchi , the headquarters of Etsako-West Local Government Area of the state .
They said that the cassava project would be under the Edo Government/Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) Anchor Borrowers ' Programme .
They said that no fewer than 200 youths would be registered under cooperative societies and each of the farmers would cultivate one hectare of land .
Abdullahi said the Auchi community had provided land for the project while government would provide funds for land preparation which would commence in Dec. as well as input .
The chairperson said the state government 's Cluster Farming Scheme , was initiated to empower the youths to become self-reliant .
They said that the state government had approved the Ozemhoya Multipurpose Cooperative Society as the off-taker of the produce .
“ The state government has directed that we register 200 youths for the project and we are appealing to the youths in the senatorial district to key into the project .
“ This is a forum for them to be empowered ; this government is showing very serious interest in agriculture .
The Anchor Borrowers ' Programme is a CBN 's initiative which is aimed at creating economic linkage between small scale farmers ( out growers ) and reputable large scale processors .
It also has the objective of increasing agricultural output and improving capacity utilization of integrated mills .
International Olympic Committee IOC ) Vice President John Coates , left , speaks as Yoshiro Mori , right , president of the Tokyo Organizing Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games , listens during their joint press conference in Tokyo Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 . Coates , the head of an IOC inspection team , urged organizers of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics to be more direct answering questions about preparations with the Games opening in just over two years . The advice from Coates on Tuesday came a week after several sports federations openly criticized Tokyo 's preparations .
A doctor accused of wrongdoing over the death of a baby in Midland Regional Hospital , Portlaoise , has been cleared of five of seven allegations against them at a fitness-to-practise inquiry .
But the obstetrics registrar , who was in charge of Roisin Molloy 's labour at the hospital on January 24th , 2012 , was found guilty on two counts of professional misconduct over theirs amending their medical notes retrospectively .
Dr A had admitted during the 13-day hearings that they altered a note on the baby 's heart-rate from satisfactory to unsatisfactory and added the word non-reassuring , contrary to rules on medical notes .
A Medical Council fitness-to-practise committee found allegations that they failed adequately to review the cardiotocograph ( CTG ) , which monitors the baby 's and mother 's heart-rate , and failed to correctly interpret it as being abnormal as “ not proven ” .
Furthermore , allegations that they failed to act in a timely manner during complications in the labour and that they inappropriately administered Syntocinon , a drug used to induce childbirth or strengthen contractions during labour , were also found to be not proven .
Unsuccessful attempts
Mrs Molloy was told their baby boy was stillborn but later found out they had been born alive and died about 22 minutes after unsuccessful attempts to resuscitate him .
In its ruling , the Medical Council committee said the labour was “ not apparently regarded as overly problematic ” by other health care professionals who were also tending to Mrs Molloy .
Nor did any of the experienced midwives in attendance raise any concerns or objections to Dr A 's prescribing of Syntocinon , and recorded their actions in their own medical notes “ without objection ” , the committee found .
However , it was proven “ beyond reasonable doubt ” that Dr A had subsequently amended their notes on the labour – amounting to professional misconduct – in what the committee described as a “ serious falling short of the expected standards of conduct for a doctor ” .
Any sanctions against Dr A will be decided by the Medical Council itself , which next meets on May 18th .
Users are more likely to share images on Whatsapp than publicly on Facebook
MVNO customers are less likely to check social media accounts compared to those of the big four , according to a study by Global Wireless Solutions ( GWS ) .
GWS , a mobile network benchmarking company , found that on average 34 per cent of TalkTalk Mobile , Tesco Mobile , Sky Mobile and Virgin Mobile customers never check social media on their phones as opposed to 18 per cent of customers with the big four providers .
The survey also found that 60 per cent of people check social media at least once a day on our smartphones , with two-thirds of O2 , EE and Three customers checking more than once . However only 59 per cent of Vodafone customers check more than once a day .
O2 is the best network for iPhone X users looking to post a tweet and ranked as the fastest network for these type of uploads .
A third of users ( 35 per cent ) stated websites or apps not loading while on their smartphones is the most common network issue they encounter as UK adults ranked browsing the internet as one of the top three most important phone functions along with calling and texting .
The study also found just over a quarter ( 26 per cent ) of 18 to 24 year olds cite high-quality video streaming as important when using a smartphone .
Users are also more likely to share media content with friends and family in private messaging apps such as Whatsapp as 65 per cent people of choose to do this rather than 33 per cent who share publicly on social media .
GWS CEO Dr. Paul Carter said : “ For most people in the UK , a smartphone is their main access point for their social media accounts . Whether it 's sharing photos with their friends and family or watching their favourite YouTube celeb , people expect to be able to get online using their phones wherever they are , whenever they want to . ”
GWS worked with YouGov to carry out focus group sessions and a poll of 2,000 UK adults between November 2017 and May 2018 .
ABC News ( WASHINGTON ) — Nearly 200 Democratic lawmakers have joined together to bring a lawsuit against President Donald Trump , alleging they breached a clause of the Constitution that forbids foreign payments and gifts .
The congressional lawsuit alleges that Trump through their business interests has been in violation of the Constitution 's emoluments clause , which prohibits government officials from accepting foreign gifts or payments without consent from Congress , since they took office in January .
The 196 members of Congress who have thus far joined the complaint — 30 from the Senate and 166 members of the House of Representatives — say in the suit that they sought to “ obtain relief from the president 's continuing violation of the foreign emoluments clause , ” which they said was created , in part , to prevent foreign influence . A copy of the suit was published Tuesday night by the Constitutional Accountability Center , a Washington , D.C. , legal organization that is filing on behalf of the congressional plaintiffs .
The suit is set to be filed in U.S. District Court on Wednesday .
“ Through this measure , the nation 's founders invested members of Congress with an important role in preventing the corruption and foreign influence that the founders sought to avoid , ” the suit reads , referring to the emoluments clause . “ President Donald J. Trump has a financial interest in vast business holdings around the world that engage in dealings with foreign governments and receive benefits from those governments . ”
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
CTV Vancouver
A passing train and live power lines hampered efforts to battle a barn fire in Pitt Meadows early Tuesday morning , but crews were still able to douse the flames before they spread to a nearby home .
The blaze broke out at a rural property on Kennedy Road just before 3 a.m. , engulfing a barn and a car that was parked close by .
Unfortunately , firefighters were briefly delayed reaching the scene after they became trapped behind a passing train at a railway crossing . Fire Chief Don Jolley said power lines beside the barn also presented a challenge for crews .
`` We had to fight it from a distance until we were sure hydro had the power out , '' Jolley said .
But they still managed to extinguish the blaze within about half an hour , and all the residents living at a home on the property escaped unharmed .
There were also no animals in the barn when it caught fire , Jolley said .
The cause of the blaze has n't been confirmed , but early indications are that it was accidental .
`` There 's some evidence to suggest it may have been electrical , '' Jolley told CTV News .
Witnesses reported hearing a loud popping sound , almost like gunshots , during the fire . Crews said that could have been a number of things , but was likely the car 's tires bursting .
`` It 's quite a loud bang and there can be three or four of them as the tires go , '' Jolley said .
The barn and car were destroyed by the flames , and a few trees on the property were scorched as well .
Jolley said the people living at the home were renters , and that authorities would be speaking with the owners after they finish investigating the scene .
With files from CTV Vancouver 's Nafeesa Karim
Irish Nationwide Building Society did not conduct any comprehensive annual credit review of its largest borrowers , an inquiry into alleged regulatory breaches at the building society before the financial crisis has been told .
Brian O'Moore SC , of the legal team assisting the inquiry , noted that a schedule to a letter concerning an inspection in December 2007 showed that regulatory inspectors had advised that results of credit reviews be provided to the building society 's credit committee , although that had n't been taking place .
Giving evidence to the public inquiry for a second day on Tuesday , INBS compliance manager Ita Rogers said such a finding “ would have been serious ” .
The inquiry is seeking to establish if Michael Fingleton , former INBS managing director , and three other former managers were involved in seven so-called contraventions at INBS between August 2004 and September 2008 . It was set up on foot of a Central Bank decision in 2015 . Public hearings began in December .
The first module of the inquiry is looking at whether the society 's credit committee failed to adhere to internal policies by not reviewing cases of large commercial loan arrears , exposure to specific sectors or customers , or issues raised by internal audit , outside advisers or regulators .
Mr Fingleton is one of four individuals subject to the inquiry . The others are former INBS finance director John Stanley Purcell , one-time commercial lending manager Tom McMenamin , and Gary McCollum , who once led the society 's UK lending activities from Belfast .
Questioning Ms Rogers , Mr Purcell noted the existence of a number of documents which , they said , “ clearly set out ” the responsibility and intention of the building society in complying with a recommendation from KPMG , then the group 's external auditors , to regularly review top borrowers at the institution .
In 2005 , a credit review report with 89 cases was submitted to the credit committee in line with KPMG 's recommendation , they said .
Mr Purcell also flagged a job specification , dated March 9th , 2006 , for a credit risk manager . They said the specification required the credit risk manager to report to the managing director and implement recommendations set out in the annual management letters of the society 's auditors .
The inquiry continues with David Brophy , a former INBS board member , to give evidence on Wednesday .
In the past few weeks , several deaths on the streets in Santa Barbara — including a violent one — remind us all of the inherent dangers faced by our neighbors who are forced to live outside without the security of a home , or at least shelter . This has happened alongside cutbacks in available shelter beds and other restrictions on who is served . Please use the Homeless Bill of Rights below to try to do something about this national disgrace .
A call to action : Do what you can to help ensure its widespread distribution . Use it as a means to encourage debate and talk about the violence the homeless face on a daily basis — and , hopefully , action to help preserve not only the dignity of life , but life itself . They must not , and they do not stand alone .
Homeless Bill of Rights
Developed by Ken Williams
Mission
1 . Right not to be murdered
2 . Right not to be physically assaulted
3 . Right not to be raped
4 . Right to shelter when sick or injured
5 . Right to medical care when sick or injured
6 . Right to shelter , food and treatment for people with a mental illness
7 . Right to shelter in severe rain , cold or heat that threatens health and welfare
8 . Right not to be demonized by private or government entities , and treated with respect by all
9 . Right of women and men not to be hunted by sexual predators
10 . Right of children for clothing , food , shelter and education
— Ken Williams has been a social worker for the homeless for the past 30 years , and is the author of China White , Shattered Dreams : A Story of the Streets and their first nonfiction book , There Must Be Honor . Click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are their own .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Shonda Rhimes , the creator of popular television series such as “ Scandal ” and “ Grey 's Anatomy , ” has signed a deal to make new shows for Netflix .
The streaming service announced late Sunday that Rhimes ' Shondaland production company is moving to Netflix . Netflix wrote in a news release that Rhimes ' shows “ Grey 's Anatomy , ” ” Scandal ” and “ How to Get Away With Murder ” would continue to air on ABC .
Rhimes wrote in a statement that they were grateful to the network for giving their career a start , but they were looking forward to expanding their audience and “ creative identity ” with Netflix .
“ Starting today , we are thrilled to begin creating new Shondaland stories with Netflix , ” they wrote .
They wrote that they and Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos had developed a plan for the next phase of Rhimes ' career . They said Netflix offered them and their team “ limitless possibilities . ”
“ I 've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she 's a true Netflixer at heart — they love TV and films , they care passionately about their work , and they deliver for their audience , ” Sarandos wrote .
No financial terms of the deal were disclosed . The news release also did n't state how long Rhimes and their company would produce series for Netflix .
Rhimes , 47 , has been nominated for three Emmy Awards , all for their work on “ Grey 's Anatomy. ” The long-running series begins its 14th season next month .
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Benjamin Mazin and Sumita Pennathur are among 94 recipients of the highest honor bestowed on a scientist or engineer at the beginning of their or their career
President Barack Obama on Monday named two UCSB faculty members as recipients of the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers ( PECASE ) .
The award is the highest honor the nation can bestow on a scientist or engineer at the beginning of their or their career .
Benjamin Mazin , assistant professor in the Department of Physics , and Sumita Pennathur , assistant professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering , are among 94 individuals across the country to receive the early career awards , which recognize recipients ' exceptional potential for leadership at the frontiers of scientific knowledge , and their commitment to community service , as demonstrated through scientific leadership , education or community outreach .
The awards will be presented at a ceremony in Washington , D.C. , on Oct. 14 .
“ Our campus shares great pride in this prestigious recognition and in the innovative research of assistant professors Mazin and Pennathur , ” UCSB Chancellor Henry Yang said . “ We look forward with anticipation to the exciting developments in their respective research programs in microwave kinetic inductance detectors and in nanofluidic transport and devices , and we wish them a joyous celebration at the White House . ”
Mazin was cited for outstanding contributions to the development of ultra-sensitive , low-temperature detector arrays that provide energy resolution and arrival timing for photons from X-rays to the near-infrared .
Pennathur was recognized for outstanding research achievements in the fields of nanotechnology and mechanical engineering , which have provided new insights in the areas of nanofluidics and interfacial science , and have resulted in the development of novel theoretical and experimental platforms that enable breakthrough discoveries relating to protein transport , adsorption and kinetics .
“ With the PECASE awards the federal government recognizes the most outstanding scientists and engineers in the nation early in their careers , ” said Mike Witherell , vice chancellor for research at UCSB . “ We are very pleased to have two of these national leaders here on our campus . We look forward to more breakthrough instruments developed by both Sumita and Ben . ”
“ I am honored to receive the PECASE award , ” Mazin said . “ The breakthroughs in superconducting detectors my team is making have the potential to transform astronomy across the electromagnetic spectrum . I would like to thank NASA for the funding that has enabled this work , and look forward to continuing to develop innovative instrumentation for astrophysics . ”
In their research , Mazin uses a unique detector technology called microwave kinetic inductance detectors ( MKIDs ) for astronomy in the near infrared , optical , ultraviolet and X-ray wavelengths . These detectors allow their research team to determine the energy and arrival time of individual photons . Mazin hopes to use this technology to detect Earth-like planets around nearby stars , as well as many general applications in astrophysics , such as untangling the emission mechanisms of pulsars .
They received a bachelor 's degree in astronomy and physics , and mechanical engineering at Yale University in 1997 . They completed their Ph.D. in astrophysics at the California Institute of Technology in 2004 .
“ I am honored to be awarded a PECASE award to further my research in the development of a nanofluidic tool for protein transport and kinetic measurements , ” Pennathur said . “ I would like to sincerely thank the combined support of the U.S. Army Research Office , and UCSB 's Institute for Collaborative Biotechnologies , Department of Mechanical Engineering and California NanoSystems Institute to make this dream possible . ”
Pennathur 's research is focused on using fundamental fluidics knowledge at both microscale and nanoscale to create novel devices for practical applications . Major efforts include creating and developing enabling tools to identify and characterize biological substances , improving current bioanalytical devices and designing entire systems for point-of-care usage .
Pennathur received both their bachelor 's and master 's degrees in aerospace and aeronautical engineering from MIT , where they studied microscale cavitation in microelectromechanical systems . They received their Ph.D. in mechanical engineering at Stanford University in 2006 , where they investigated electrokinetic transport of fluids at the nanoscale .
The PECASE awards were created to foster innovative developments in science and technology , increase awareness of careers in science and engineering , give recognition to the scientific missions of participating agencies , enhance connections between fundamental research and many of the grand challenges facing the nation , and highlight the importance of science and technology for America 's future . Fourteen federal departments and agencies nominated scientists and engineers for the 2010 PECASE awards .
BUFFALO , NY -- ( Marketwired - Apr 17 , 2017 ) - Cleveland BioLabs , Inc. ( NASDAQ : CBLI ) today announced that the European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) has accepted the company 's pediatric investigation plan ( PIP ) , paving the way for submission of a Marketing Authorization Application ( MAA ) for entolimod as a medical radiation countermeasure .
As part of the regulatory process for submitting an MAA in the European Union , pharmaceutical companies are required to provide a PIP outlining their strategy for investigation of the new medicinal product in the pediatric population . As agreed with the EMA , existing CBLI results , when combined with future nonclinical cell culture experiments and formulation , provide a path toward product labeling for children . The future work to be performed as part of the PIP can be deferred until after an MAA submission .
Yakov Kogan , PhD , MBA , Chief Executive Officer , commented : `` We are excited to have received a positive opinion from the EMA on our PIP . In addition , we have held a series of encouraging meetings with the EMA concerning our MAA submission . We look forward to continuing our discussions with the agency as we move forward with the MAA . ''
The next step is for CBLI to complete the MAA submission and have the documentation validated and accepted for evaluation by the EMA . Validation typically occurs approximately 30 days after submission . Thereafter , further interactions with the EMA must occur during the review process . CBLI will provide updates regarding the MAA process .
About Cleveland BioLabs , Inc .
Cleveland BioLabs , Inc. is an innovative biopharmaceutical company developing novel approaches to activate the immune system and address serious medical needs . The company 's proprietary platform of Toll-like immune receptor activators has applications in radiation mitigation , immuno-oncology , and vaccines . The company 's most advanced product candidate is entolimod , which is being developed as a medical radiation countermeasure for the prevention of death from acute radiation syndrome , an immunotherapy for oncology and other indications . The company conducts business in the United States and in the Russian Federation through a wholly-owned subsidiary , BioLab 612 , LLC , and a joint venture with Joint Stock Company RUSNANO , Panacela Labs , Inc . The company maintains strategic relationships with the Cleveland Clinic and Roswell Park Cancer Institute . To learn more about Cleveland BioLabs , Inc. , please visit the company 's website at http : //www.cbiolabs.com .
This press release contains certain forward-looking information about Cleveland BioLabs that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for `` forward-looking statements '' provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 , as amended . Forward-looking statements are statements that do not relate strictly to historical or current facts . Words and phrases such as `` potential , '' `` may , '' `` future , '' `` will , '' `` plan , '' `` anticipate , '' `` believe , '' `` intend , '' `` expect '' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements . These statements include , but are not limited to , statements regarding the company 's future financial position , business strategy , new products , budgets , liquidity , cash flows , projected costs , research and clinical analyses and trials , regulatory approvals or the impact of any laws or regulations applicable to the company , and plans and objectives of management for future operations . All of such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the company , that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied or projected by , the forward-looking information and statements .
Factors that could contribute to such differences include , among others , the risks inherent in the early stages of drug development and in conducting clinical trials ; the company 's plans and expectations with respect to future clinical trials and commercial scale-up activities ; the company 's ability to attract collaborators with development , regulatory and commercialization expertise and the financial risks related to those relationships ; the company 's ability to comply with its obligations under license agreements ; the company 's inability to obtain regulatory approval in a timely manner or at all ; the commercialization of the company 's product candidates , if approved ; the company 's plans to research , develop and commercialize its product candidates ; future agreements with third parties in connection with the commercialization of any approved product ; the size and growth potential of the markets for the company 's product candidates , and its ability to serve those markets ; the rate and degree of market acceptance of the company 's product candidates ; the company 's history of operating losses and the potential for future losses , which may lead the company to not be able to continue as a going concern ; regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries ; the performance of the company 's third-party suppliers and manufacturers ; and the success of competing therapies that are or may become available . Some of these factors could cause future results to materially differ from the recent results or those projected in forward-looking statements . Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such statements are made , and the company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances occurring or arising after the date on which such statement is made , except as may be required by law . See also the `` Risk Factors '' and `` Forward-Looking Statements '' described in the company 's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg is facing calls from US and European legislators to explain how a consultancy that worked on President Donald Trump 's election campaign gained access to data on 50 million Facebook users .
Politicians in the United States , Britain and Europe have called for investigations into reports that political analytics firm Cambridge Analytica had harvested the private data on more than 50 million Facebook users to support Trump 's 2016 presidential election campaign .
The scrutiny presents a new threat to Facebook 's reputation , which is already under attack over Russians ' use of Facebook tools to sway American voters with “ fake news ” posts before and after the 2016 US elections .
Facebook was already facing new calls on Saturday for regulation from US Congress and questions about personal data safeguards after the reports in the New York Times and the Observer over the weekend .
“ It 's clear these platforms ca n't police themselves , ” Democratic US senator Amy Klobuchar tweeted .
“ They say ‘ trust us ' . Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate judiciary , ” they added , referring to a committee they sit on .
Facebook policies
On Monday , Republican senator John Kennedy joined Klobuchar in calling on Zuckerberg to testify before Congress , and Democratic senator Ron Wyden sent a letter to Zuckerberg asking for answers to questions regarding the company 's policies for sharing user data with third parties .
Mr Wyden , an influential senator on technology issues , asked how many times during the past 10 years Facebook was aware of third parties collecting or processing data in violation of the company 's platform policies , among several other questions .
“ The lid is being opened on the black box of Facebook 's data practices , and the picture is not pretty , ” said Frank Pasquale , a University of Maryland law professor who has written about Silicon Valley 's use of data . Facebook usually sends lawyers to testify to Congress , or allows trade organisations to represent it and other technology companies in front of legislators .
It was not clear whether Republicans who hold congressional committee gavels would announce any hearings related to Facebook and Cambridge Analytica . But the calls reflected mounting bipartisan concern in Washington over whether internet firms are operating as fair trustees of the massive amounts of user data they collect . Facebook said on Friday that it had learned in 2015 that a Cambridge University psychology professor had lied to the company and violated its policies by passing data to Cambridge Analytica from a psychology testing app they had built .
Facebook said it suspended the firms and researchers involved . It also said the data had been misused but not stolen , because users gave permission .
Cambridge Analytica and its chief executive were not immediately available to comment on Monday .
“ Tech companies all use data one way or the other as part of their businesses , ” said Shawn Cruz , senior trading specialist at TD Ameritrade in Chicago . “ They are going to get a lot more scrutiny over what data they are collecting and how they are using it . ”
‘ Very concerning '
A spokesperson for British prime minister Theresa May said the allegations were “ clearly very concerning . . . It is essential that people can have confidence that their personal data will be protected and used in an appropriate way . ”
Britain 's information commissioner 's office said it would be considering the potential new evidence as part its separate civil and criminal probe into whether Facebook user data had been abused in British elections . UK parliamentary committee chairperson and Conservative politician Damian Collins said Facebook had avoided answering straight questions from the committee about what it knew about the abuse of its users ' social media data by Cambridge Analytica . “ Someone has to take responsibility for this . It 's time for Mark Zuckerberg to stop hiding behind their Facebook page , ” Mr Collins said in a statement .
The head of the European Parliament said on Monday EU legislators would investigate whether data misuse had taken place , calling the allegations an unacceptable violation of citizens ' privacy rights .
Germany 's Greens party also said it had asked the German government to report to parliament about the domestic impact .
In their joint letter , Kennedy and Klobuchar asked Senate judiciary chairperson Chuck Grassley to hold a hearing with Zuckerberg and the chief executives of Twitter and Alphabet Inc 's Google . – Reuters
The concept of containerization , is an intermodal transportation process in which the goods are not unloaded or reloaded on to the containers from place to place . Containerization is also carried out by air , in order to transport goods from one region to another in a short period of time . The concept of containerization by air is adopted by the civil airlines as well as by the military forces .
Most of the major commercial airlines across the globe have deployed their cargo aircraft and some passenger aircraft also carry cargo goods . These airlines use custom made containers for their respective aircraft with ground handling equipment . The containers are carried on the lower deck for the passenger carrying aircraft while the cargo aircraft uses both lower and upper deck for carrying the containers .
The major factor driving the growth of the market for air cargo container is the rising demand for transportation of various goods across the globe in a short span of time . Containerization through roadways or railways or by sea takes a longer time than by air . Owing to this fact , the air cargo containerization has increased recently and is propelling the market for air cargo containers over the period . Moreover , advancement in technology has developed lightweight containers which can easily be loaded on to the aircraft . These lightweight containers are capable of carrying varied range of loads set by International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) , and are capable of rough handling without damaging the internal goods . The benefits of the lightweight containers is boosting the air cargo container market .
The major inhibiting factor in the market for air cargo containers is the slowdown in the global economy . It has been noted the recently , the global economy has faced a slowdown due to GDP downfall in regions such as Asia Pacific , Latin America and Middle East . This has resulted negatively on the global container trade which includes , air cargo containers too . Another factor acting as a limitation to the air cargo container market is the increase in aviation fuel , which has led the airlines to restrict the cargo aircraft flying hours . This has resulted in decrease in container transportation through air and thus the market for air cargo container is hindered .
Get Brochure for Latest Advancements and Research Insights https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=22058
The air cargo container market has potential opportunities to grow in future as the number of commercial airlines is increasing at a rapid pace and the rising demand from the defense authorities to transport goods . More the number of commercial cargo aircraft , more the demand for air cargo container and thus the increasing number of cargo carriers in expected to drive the market for air cargo containers in the coming years . The demand for transporting military equipment from one place to another in short time , the military forces are using the air cargo containers . Hence , the growing demand among the defense authorities is anticipated to boost the air cargo containers market in future .
The market for air cargo containers is segmented on the basis of types of container , end user , aircraft type and by geography . On basis of container types , the air cargo containers market is segmented as refrigerated and non-refrigerated containers . The refrigerated containers include insulated LD3 , LD4 while the non-refrigerated containers includes LD2 . LD3 , LD6 , LD11 , A-2 and others .
Download and View Report TOC , Figures and Tables https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=T & rep_id=22058
The different types of aircraft types in the air cargo container market are narrow body aircraft , wide body aircraft , very large aircraft , and military aircraft . The end user of air cargo containers are commercial airlines as well as the defense forces . Geographically , the market for air cargo containers is segmented as North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Middle East and Africa , and Latin America .
The major vendors in the air cargo containers market includes Nordisk Aviation Products ( Norway ) , Zodiac Aerospace ( France ) , VRR Aviation ( Netherlands ) , Satco , Inc. ( U.S. ) , Cargo Composites ( U.S. ) , Granger Aerospace ( U.S. ) , Chicago Metal Fabricators ( U.S. ) , PalNet GmnH Air Cargo Products ( Germany ) , ACL Airshop ( U.S. ) . DoKaSch Temperature Solutions GmbH ( Germany ) .
France captain Guilhem Guirado blamed France 's narrow defeat at home to Ireland in their Six Nations opener on their lack of discipline on Saturday .
France defended well throughout but were often penalised , with second rower Sebastien Vahaamahina being repeatedly sanctioned , and they were beaten 15-13 .
Ireland outhalf Johnny Sexton scored four of the five penalties they attempted and Ireland were almost always ahead on the scoreboard .
“ We held firm in the first half , ” said Guirado when asked to comment on Ireland 's domination . “ What we lacked is discipline . We gave away a few avoidable penalties . ”
The hooker said they had no complaints about referee Nigel Owens , who was often booed by the Stade de France crowd . “ He was coherent . It 's up to us to see what did n't work well , ” they said .
Coach Jacques Brunel echoed their captain 's opinion . “ We were a bit too penalised and gave away points but we were always in contention against the world number three , we showed a lot of courage , ” Brunel said after their first game in charge .
Sexton scored a 45-metre drop goal with the last kick of the game to give Ireland the win . “ It 's a big disappointment after all the effort we put into this game , ” said Brunel .
Viral video shows 8-year-old boy helping elderly woman up steps An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after they hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville , Ga . Courtesy of Riley Duncan ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after they hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville , Ga . Courtesy of Riley Duncan
Apple Fixes HomeKit Bug that Left Smart Gadgets Vulnerable
Apple has been forced to fix a security hole within its HomeKit smart home system that could have allowed hackers to unlock users ' smart locks or other devices .
The bug within iOS 11.2 permitted unauthorized remote control of HomeKit-enabled devices . Such devices include smart lights , plugs and other gadgets , but also includes smart locks and garage door openers .
An Apple spokesperson said : “ The issue affecting HomeKit users running iOS 11.2 has been fixed . The fix temporarily disables remote access to shared users , which will be restored in a software update early next week . ”
The company said the temporary fix was made server side , meaning that users do not have to do anything for it to take effect , but also that it breaks some functionality of the system .
The vulnerability , disclosed to 9to5Mac , required at least one iPad , iPhone or iPod Touch running the latest software version iOS 11.2 to have connected to the iCloud account associated with the HomeKit system . Previous versions of iOS appear not to have been affected . To exploit the bug the attackers would need to know the email address associated with the Apple ID of the homeowner and knowledge of how the system worked .
Experts said that while issues with smart-home systems such as this impact consumer confidence in smart locks and other security devices , traditional locks can also be easily undermined with traditional picking techniques .
The security bug is just the latest in a series of issues affecting Apple 's software on both its iPhone and Mac computers . Since November , iPhone and iPad users have been plagued with bugs affecting the autocorrect system , including issues typing the word “ it ” and the letter “ I ” , having it replaced with odd symbols .
Apple was also forced to apologize after a serious security flaw that allowed anyone to take control of a Mac running the latest version of macOS High Sierra with a blank password was revealed . The company rushed out a fix for the security bug , which then broke the file sharing system , which itself needed fixing in a later software update .
“ We greatly regret this error and we apologize to all Mac users , both for releasing with this vulnerability and for the concern it has caused . Our customers deserve better , ” Apple said at the time .
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Product shots by Apple .
Overwatch is a very approachable first-person shooter , but if you 've watched the pros , then you know that the game has a high skill ceiling . How the hell do they do thing with the backline flank and the Pulse Bomb without dying ? Surely you want to do that , too , and feel like a champ . ( Maybe you have big dreams of being a pro Genji . )
Reader , I ca n't tell you how to go pro at Overwatch . I play Overwatch basically every day and am quite good , but nobody 's made a jersey with my name on it . That means I 'm just about qualified to tell you how to get decent at it . Let 's all have realistic expectations .
Understand What Game You 're Playing
Overwatch is not Call of Duty . It 's not Counter-Strike . It 's a first-person team shooter , yes , with an emphasis on “ team. ” You win by pushing the payload the furthest , taking an objective or doing both of those things the fastest . You do n't win by killing the most enemies .
There 's no personal glory in the best kill-death ratio . If your goal is to get lots of kills , that 's an endeavor made possible by tanks , who carve a path forward , healers , who keep you alive , and defense heroes , who help control space . Every hero has a different role with different benchmarks for what decent play looks like .
Advertisement
You need to think holistically about what a team shooter means . It does not mean “ I go in , kill the guys and try not to die. ” Played decently , and played together , heroes ' toolkits mesh into a force that puts pressure on different parts of the enemy force . If the force is applied correctly , you 'll be able to accomplish your objectives .
Pick 3-4 Heroes You 're Good At
Overwatch has like two dozen heroes . On Overwatch 's website , it ranks the heroes by difficulty . Those rankings are n't great . Listen to me instead . Dva , Reinhardt , Lucio , Soldier 76 , Winston , McCree and Mercy are the easier heroes to wrap your head around . When you 're getting started , it 's important to try out at least two heroes from every class . That helps you understand how each role works and how to mesh best with your teammates .
Advertisement
We 're trying to get decent , though , which means you 've already done that it 's time to narrow your choices down to three or four main picks .
Be real with yourself . Take a deep breath and look up your stats on Overwatch analytics app Oversumo . It will tell you how you 're faring compared to other players who play your main heroes . Do you love playing McCree , but ca n't seem to ever get “ Gold ” kills ? Do you play lots of Mercy , but ca n't avoid enemy fire for the life of you ? It 's time to buck up—and I 'm looking at you , DPS players . Either get good or focus on different heroes .
We 'll touch on this again later , but your life will be a lot easier if your main picks are viable in a lot of strategic situations . It might be fun to master heroes like Symmetra , Torbjorn , Doomfist and Mei , but be versatile .
Advertisement
Learn the Maps
At the very least , learn where the health packs are , alternative routes to objectives and good escape routes for when you 're in trouble . For a +1 to Overwatch intel , learn a few good places to position yourself as each of your main heroes on both sides of every map .
Watch Videos and Streams
The first step to getting decent at the three to four heroes you 've wisely chosen for yourself is imprinting in your mind what decent play looks like . You ca n't just blindly feel this out . You need to have a pattern laid out before you . If you 're trying to get decent at Overwatch , there is assuredly a streamer out there who is better than you at your main hero picks . If they 're mainstream heroes , then there 's definitely an Overwatch pro who streams one of them on Twitch in their off hours . Here 's a great , thorough list of streamers categorized by main heroes . At the very least , tune into Overwatch League matches a few times a week .
Advertisement
Do n't just pay attention to how these pros use their hero abilities . Pay attention to their placement on the map . Pay attention to how they make call-outs to teammates . Pay attention to how they move with their team and when and how they flank . Pay attention to how they get healing . Pay attention to the circumstances under which they use their ultimate ability . And finally , pay attention to how they support their teammates . It 's easy to get hype over the big moments , but it 's the little things that carve out space for them .
Now that you 've done that , remember that pro play is just a pattern for decent play . Watching it asserts good play habits , but you 're just not going to be able to do a lot of what they do . It 's good to experiment , however , do n't be too ambitious—especially if your team is n't thinking on that level .
Advertisement
How to Practice
Take a two-pronged approach to practice . Raw skill is important . It 's not everything . There are five other players on your team . You need to utilize and empower them . You might feel good about getting gold kills , gold healing or tons of “ damage blocked , ” but high numbers often are n't what matter most . You need to be making the clutch plays .
Advertisement
First , let 's talk about how to sharpen your skills through practice . You need to set firm benchmarks for progress on each of your mains . If you 're playing Soldier 76 , you need to be able to consistently shoot a Pharah down from the sky . If you 're playing Roadhog , aim for a , say , 60 % hook accuracy . On DPS , shoot for an average of 15 kills per game . If you 're playing Reinhardt , try honing your instinct on when to tackle and when to hold up your shield for teammates . And if you 're playing Mercy , aim for as few deaths as possible by practicing flying around the map . These are skills you can hone on your own in Quick Play with time and concentration .
Like I said , though , the best part about raw skills is that it makes it possible for you to make the clutch plays . Clutch plays are like when the entire team is alive and together , your tanks forge a path into enemy territory , a DPS and support hero have their ultimate abilities and , after other teammates get a pick , they unleash their ultimate abilities together . Coordinated plays like this help players take objectives more consistently than a when player or two trickles in , uses their ultimate ability and then promptly dies . They also do n't happen very frequently through telepathy . You need to be playing with at least a few people who can coordinate plays and give you feedback .
After watching some pros , you 'll have a few ideas of what coordinated plays might lead to success on certain maps . Decide on your roles and practice these with your friends and with strangers who have microphones . On Temple of Anubis 's first point , for example , lots of players on defense enjoy holding the high ground instead of the choke . On Ilios , players like combining Reinhardt 's paralyzing ultimate ability with Lucio 's “ boop , ” sending enemies flying off the map . Suggest concrete coordinated plays to your team over voice chat . That can sound like , “ When I get my ultimate ability , do you want to combine it with yours , Pharah ? ” or “ Reaper , how about we take the back route around Volskaya Industry 's first point and get a few picks while everyone else rushes the choke ? ”
Advertisement
The most basic coordinated play is also one of the most effective : Wait for the whole team to be ready and at full health before attempting to take a point . You can say to your teammates , “ Hey , let 's wait up for everyone before attacking . ”
Play In Competitive Mode
Unfortunately , competitive mode is the best place to play with people who take the game seriously . On PC at least , lots of competitive mode players use microphones to make call-outs and announce heros switches . More importantly , players there ( in theory ) tend to care about the best team compositions : two tanks , two DPS/defense heroes and two healers .
Advertisement
If your composition is bad , you 're in a bad environment for getting decent . You might not get enough healing to stay alive and get kills . You might not get enough tank protection to stay alive while you 're healing DPS . The ideal team composition exists for a reason , and it 's so everybody can support each other in their quest to take an objective . If you 're serious about getting decent , it might be time to bite the bullet and do your placement matches .
/ Front page / News
Update : 5:21PM THE National Employment Centre of the employment ministry has in place a total of 1,166 clients under the Tikina Work Ready Pool from all provinces nationwide and these are the clients that have successfully undertaken medical assessment and physical fitness tests for seasonal work employment opportunities .
A statement from the ministry said the seasonal work scheme and program is employer-driven , therefore the final selection of potential workers for seasonal work deployment would be determined by the employer .
�The ministry is tentatively expecting to deploy more than 50 workers during the first quarter of this year under the New Zealand Recognized Seasonal Employer ( RSE ) Work Scheme , � they said .
× Chiefs win gives new hope to playoff chances , but first they must get past the Chargers
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — The Chiefs are back on the winning track and in the driver 's seat to get to the playoffs .
But first they 'll have to beat the red-hot Los Angeles Chargers , who come to Arrowhead next Saturday night .
The Chiefs and Chargers are tied for the playoffs , but Kansas City owns the tiebreaker since they beat Los Angeles earlier this season .
The winner of this game Saturday night will most likely go to the playoffs , while the loser most likely will not .
The Chiefs finally regained their form on the gridiron Sunday and dominated the Oakland Raiders for most of the game .
After starting the season as the best team in the NFL , the Chiefs had lost six of their last seven games .
The Chiefs were able to win Sunday 's game without All-Pro cornerback Marcus Peters , who was suspended for their antics last week when they threw a ref 's flag in the stands and then went to the locker room even though they had n't been kicked out of the game . The other cornerbacks on the roster stepped up Sunday to shut down Oakland 's wide receivers , and the offense found its rhythm in beating the Raiders 26-15 .
Many fans on social media think Sunday 's win is proof the Chiefs do n't need Peters in the lineup . Some are sick of their antics – how they sit during the national anthem , how they sometimes lose their temper during the game – and they let it be known what the Chiefs should do with him .
Peters is considered one of the best cornerbacks in the NFL and despite their antics , they will most likely be back in the starting lineup Saturday night .
If the Chiefs make it to the playoffs , the wild card game will be at Arrowhead Stadium . Tickets for that game are still available and start at $ 73 . Click here for more information .
SUNDAY trading is headed to the Southern Downs after today 's ruling by the Queensland Industrial Relations Commission .
In a statement issued this morning the announcement came that major stores in Warwick and Stanthorpe will be able to trade on Sundays and public holidays from next month .
The QIRC ruled in favour of parallel applications brought by the National Retailers Association for the two centres , saying Sunday trading would boost employment , increase consumer choice and support the vital tourism industry in both locations .
The decision follows a week-long hearing in February , which included site visits to each centre .
NRA Chief Executive Officer Dominique Lamb said the Commission was required to test each application against a range of criteria set out in the Trading ( Allowable Hours ) Act , including the needs of the community , the potential impact on all types of businesses , and the net effect on employment .
`` On balance , the Commission found that these two applications met the required criteria , and has ruled that large stores will be able to trade on Sundays and most public holidays from July 12 , '' Ms Lamb said .
`` In the case of Warwick , this will also support smaller businesses in the Rose City Shopping Centre to open if they wish to , when previously the centre was closed because the major traders were forced to shut their doors . ''
The Commission 's decision acknowledged independent research by QUT which found 75 per cent support for extended hours in Warwick , with only 22 per cent opposed . In Stanthorpe the figures were 68 per cent in favour and 26 per cent against .
`` Consumers who supported the extended hours listed greater choice , convenience , increased employment and extra foot traffic for smaller retailers as their key reasons for backing the proposal , '' Ms Lamb said .
The Commission 's judgement said Sunday trading would `` … benefit consumers of Warwick and it would assist by unifying the hours of trade with regions adjacent to Warwick '' .
`` Additionally of benefit to consumers would be the ability to have extended options in regards to grocery shopping and a number of other retail wares . ''
The Commission also noted evidence that `` on two Sundays in December 2016 when the Rose City Shopping World opened with major retailers able to trade that 6,000 consumers attended the centre over the two days which indicates consumers voting with their feet '' .
In determining the Stanthorpe application , the Commission found that : `` The consumer interests in Stanthorpe in the view of the Commission would be positively served by the granting of the application . ''
10-Year Yield Retreats From Key Level Amid Risk Aversion
Barings Asian Multi Asset Head Khiem Do weighs in on the markets and talks about the U.S. 10-Year yield . They speak on `` Bloomberg Markets . '' ( Source : Bloomberg )
The cost of renting a home countrywide jumped by almost 7.4 per cent in the 12 months to the end of March , according to the latest report from the Residential Tenancies Board ( RTB ) .
The report for the first quarter of 2017 – the first since the introduction of rent pressure zones aimed at softening rent spikes – published on Thursday morning shows that while rents continue to trend upwards , quarter-on-quarter growth was relatively flat , increasing by 0.1 per cent . This is down from a 2.8 per cent increase over a three-month period recorded in the previous quarter .
The standardised average national rent is now €987 per month , which is up just €1 on the last quarter of 2016 .
Trends in private sector rents in Dublin and outside Dublin appear to be mixed once again , illustrating the diversity of the rental market across the State .
Rents in Dublin and surrounding commuter counties are among the highest relative to the national average , with parts of Cork and Galway cities also above the average .
However , overall rents in Dublin declined this quarter by 1.5 per cent , driven primarily by a fall in rents for Dublin apartments .
Private rents for houses continued to rise in this quarter , albeit marginally by 0.1 per cent . For apartments , there is evidence of a moderate slowdown in the pace of expansion , with year-on-year growth dropping from double digits down to 7.9 per cent .
Outside Dublin , rents for houses and apartments continued to grow on a quarterly basis , resulting in an overall growth of 1.3 per cent . Annual growth is 7.6 per cent , a trend which is observed for houses and apartments ( 7.5 per cent and 7.2 per cent respectively ) .
Peak levels
While outside of Dublin rents are still 8 per cent below their peak levels in 2007 , the margin between the two is shrinking each quarter .
“ This index is the first rent index looking at the period since rent pressure zones were first introduced , ” said the director of the RTB Rosalind Carroll .
“ The findings for the first quarter do suggest that the rate of increase in private rents is moderating . However , the rental market is still volatile , and it is too early to determine if this moderation is a trend . We would like to see similar findings over consecutive quarters in order to identify trends . ”
Based on the rental data of this latest rent index , no additional parts of the country meet the criteria to be designated as rent pressure zones . There are currently 19 rent pressure zones in the State , including the four Dublin local authorities and Cork city .
The rejection came on Monday after Chinese state broadcaster CCTV announced three days earlier that Air China , the country 's flag carrier , had suspended its Beijing-Pyongyang route in the wake of escalating tensions on the Korean Peninsula involving the United States .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said the decision was purely `` market-based , ” and that , `` It 's natural for Air China or other airlines to make such decisions … There should n't be over-interpretation of this issue . ''
A customer service representative for the Chinese carrier also said that the flights had been called off due to low demand .
`` Air China has not suspended operations for the Beijing-Pyongyang route , '' the official said . `` These flights were canceled based on ticket sales . ''
Moreover , major travel agencies in China have recently stopped offering tours to North Korea due to lack of financial interest .
The development comes as Beijing has come under pressure from Washington to do more to rein in North Korea 's missile and nuclear programs .
China is North Korea 's major ally , but it has backed UN sanctions against Pyongyang over its missile and nuclear tests .
In February , North Korea simultaneously launched four ballistic missiles off its east coast , three of which landed close to Japan . In August , it also successfully tested a submarine-launched ballistic missile some 500 kilometers off the coast of Japan , in a move which North Korean leader Kim Jong-un hailed as the `` greatest success . ''
On April 16 , US and South Korean military officials also reported that Pyongyang 's latest missile test had failed earlier in the day , with the projectile exploding almost immediately after the launch .
Tensions between North Korea and the United States have increased over the past weeks . Washington has been concerned by North Korea 's nuclear tests , which Pyongyang believes act as deterrence against a potential invasion by the US or South Korea .
The North faces international pressure to abandon its arms development and nuclear program . Yet , it says the programs are meant to protect the country from US “ hostility . ”
Howdy Kotaku ! Ben and Peter have returned to run Kotaku for the 4th of July .
It 's a day of fireworks and rest . It 's also a day to bust out food and drinks we 've been saving for special occasions , unlike in gaming where we always find ourselves hoarding special items that we end up never using .
We 've gathered hundreds of ethers through the various Final Fantasy , but always insist on using a tent or inn to restore magic . For the Persona games , SP restoration is precious and items like coffee are always saved for the next boss , and then the next one . We 've cooked so much food in The Legend of Zelda : Breath of the Wild that we 've never eaten because of their special boosts and which , in real life , would have long ago gone rotten . In the Phantasy Star games , we still have yet to use the star mist , also known as star dew , which are very precious and can heal your entire party to full health . For Super Mario Brothers 3 , we saved the Hammer Brothers suit until the bitter end and still did n't put it on .
Just by nature of how rare these items are , they preclude usage , when it should be the complete opposite . In some ways , the act of collection and knowing that we have that essential something in the backpocket is the source of their true value . “ An ace in the sleeve ” of sorts .
Advertisement
We 'll both probably go on hoarding in game , but for the 4th of July , we 've promised to use that special healing item on the next boss we come across . Unless we manage to eke by in which case , it 'll be the next one , or the one right after that one ...
In the meantime , Ben will be talking about some of the darker aspects of Splatoon 2 , how Shadow of the Colossus helped them to see gaming in a different light , as well as a new-look back at Pokémon Snap . Peter talked with Richard Garriott about the evolution of the Ultima series as well as getting into the creation of the horror adventure game by late science fiction author Harlan Ellison , I Have No Mouth , and I Must Scream .
If you need to get in contact with one of us for any reason whatsoever , you can do so in the comments or via Twitter . If you have special items of your own which you 've never used , well ... maybe now is the time . All our Twitter handles and info can be found in our bios below .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
This page is for personal , non-commercial use . You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues , customers , or clients , by visiting http : //www.autobloglicensing.com
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school Pause
3:22 SWIC photography instructor inspired by husband
1:31 For Charles and Juanita , 80-plus Valentine 's Days and counting
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery 's Chocolate and Wine Festival
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
2:13 Washington state Gov . Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Matchless Brewing makes move to its own space
Earlier in the year , Google released the impressive Toontastic 3D . The digital storytelling app was a follow up to the original Toontastic game by educational developer LaunchPad Toys , which was acquired by Google in 2015 . The app allows kids to draw and animate their own stories to create a 3D video . The budding directors can even narrate their creations and add built-in songs to the soundtrack before sharing . In the latest update , Google adds new characters and settings as part of two additional themes .
The first of the new themes is movie tie-in with the imminent Cars 3 . The Disney/Pixar franchise is incredibly popular with young children , and they will surely relish the chance to create their own Cars story arcs . They 'll be able to animate their anthropomorphic hero Lightning McQeen , alongside new additions to the series such as Jackson Storm , Cruz Ramirez , and Miss Fritter , against the backdrop of two locations from the film : Florida 500 raceway and Thunder Hollow demolition derby .
A behind-the-scenes video tour of Pixar 's studios will also be included in the app , in a bid to show kids how real animated films are made and further stoke their interest in filmmaking . It 's worth noting that the Cars 3 theme will only be available for a limited time , up to September 30th .
The second set of new characters available in this Toontasic 3D update comes from melon-slicing game Fruit Ninja , or more specifically from the animated YouTube series Fruit Ninja Frenzy Force . You 'll be able to take control of protagonists such as Peng , Seb , Niya , and Ralph , leading them into battle against their nemesis , Clean Bee . It 's unclear how long the Fruit Ninja theme will be available , but I 'd suggest making the most of it soon – just in case .
If you ( or your kids ) have n't tried it yet , I 'd thoroughly recommend the app . It really gets the balance right between fun and education . You can download or update to the latest version of Toontastic 3D via the Play Store link below , or grab it manually from APKMirror .
TORONTO — Leonard Cohen 's final book , which they finished in the months before their death last November , will hit shelves next year .
McClelland and Stewart says it will release `` The Flame '' on Oct. 16 , 2018 .
The publishing house describes the book as `` a stunning collection of Cohen 's last poems , selected and ordered by the author in the final months of their life . ''
The book also has excerpts from their notebooks as well as the full lyrics to their final three albums and those written by Cohen for the album `` Blue Alert '' by their collaborator Anjani .
Readers will also get to see prose pieces and illustrations by the Montreal-born `` Hallelujah '' singer-songwriter , who died Nov. 7 at age 82 .
McClelland and Stewart calls the book `` an enormously powerful final chapter in Cohen 's storied literary career . ''
`` During the final months of their life , Leonard had a singular focus — completing this book taken largely from their unpublished poems and selections from their notebooks , '' Robert Kory , Cohen 's manager and trustee of the Cohen estate , said Friday in a statement .
`` The flame and how our culture threatened its extinction was a central concern . Though in declining health , Leonard died unexpectedly .
`` Those of us who had the rare privilege of spending time with them during this period recognized that the flame burned bright within them to the very end . This book , finished only days before their death , reveals to all the intensity of their inner fire. ``
McClelland and Stewart publisher Jared Bland said the book is `` full of Leonard Cohen 's signature combination of grace , humour , wisdom , and heartbreaking insight into the fragility and beauty of this world we all share . ''
`` It will endure as a testament to their humanity and genius , and delight their millions of fans around the world , '' said Bland .
The Canadian Press
An Italian man opened fire on African migrants in the central city of Macerata on Saturday , injuring six people before they were captured , in what police said was a racially motivated attack .
The shootings happened just days after a Nigerian migrant was arrested in connection with the death of an 18-year-old Italian woman whose dismembered body was discovered stuffed into two suitcases near Macerata .
Police named the suspected shooter as Luca Traini ( 28 ) , and said they had an Italian flag draped over their shoulders when they were seized in the street by armed police . Onlookers said they made a fascist salute before being handcuffed .
“ He drove around in their car and when they saw any black people they shot them , ” Marcello Mancini , a Macerata resident , told Reuters television . Police said one of the six victims was seriously hurt and needed surgery , but gave no further details .
Forensics personnel inspect a car used by a gunman in Macerata , Italy , February 3rd , 2018 . Photograph : Reuters
Traini also fired shots at the offices of the ruling centre-left Democratic Party ( PD ) in Macerata , but did not injure anyone there . The PD said they had stood as a candidate for the rightist Northern League at local elections last year but had not received any votes .
Fiercely anti-immigrant
The league backs fiercely anti-immigrant policies and is part of ex-prime Silvio Berlusconi 's centre-right alliance that is leading in the polls ahead of a March 4th national election .
League leader Matteo Salvini distanced themselves from the shooting , but blamed mass immigration for the tensions .
“ I ca n't wait to get into government to restore security , social justice and serenity to Italy , ” they told reporters .
PD leader Matteo Renzi called for calm .
“ The man who fired the gun , hitting six people of colour , is a squalid , mad person . But the state is stronger than him , ” they wrote on Facebook .
Prime minister Paolo Gentiloni said Italy would come down heavily on anyone promoting violence .
“ We will stop this risk . We will stop it immediately . We will stop it together , ” they said . “ Hatred and violence will not be able to divide us . ”
Police said the shooter drove around Macerata , which is famed for its outdoor opera festivals , in a black Alfa Romeo car firing out of their window at migrants in various locations .
With police closing in , they left their car in the city centre but was almost immediately stopped . Local media said they shouted , “ Long live Italy , ” as they were taken away .
Gruesome discovery
Tensions in Macerata had risen this week following the gruesome discovery of Pamela Mastropietro 's body . The teenager had run away from a drug rehabilitation centre on Monday and met a Nigerian asylum-seeker , Innocent Oseghale , the next day .
Paramedics attend a wounded man after a shooting broke out in Macerata , Italy , Saturday , February 3rd , 2018 . Photograph : Guido Picchio/ANSA
Them body was found on Wednesday and a preliminary postmortem could not immediately identify the cause of death .
Witnesses said they had earlier seen Oseghale with the suitcases in which the body was found . They refused to talk to police after their arrest . Newspapers said they were denied asylum last year but had remained in Macerata to appeal against the decision .
“ What was this worm still doing in Italy ? ” Northern League leader Salvini wrote on Facebook at mid-week , accusing the centre-left government of responsibility for Ms Mastropietro 's death for allowing migrants to stay in the country .
“ The left has blood on its hands , ” they wrote .
Thousands perished
More than 600,000 mainly African migrants have reached Italy by boat over the past four years , and thousands have perished on the journey . The centre-right bloc , which includes the league , says the vast majority have no right to asylum and has promised mass expulsions if it takes power .
Leftist parties have ruled out any such deportations .
“ What happened today in Macerata shows that inciting hatred and whitewashing fascism , as Salvini does , has consequences . It can spark violence , ” said Laura Boldrini , a leftist politician and the speaker of the lower house of parliament . – Reuters
FORMER president Robert Mugabe on Tuesday met former vice-president and National People 's Party ( NPP ) leader Joice Mujuru at their Blue Roof residence in Borrowdale , where they apologised for hounding them out of the party .
A remorseful Mugabe , sources said , initiated the meeting and informed the NPP leader that they regretted firing them after being influenced by President Emmerson Mnangagwa ( then Justice minister ) and former Zanu PF political commissar Saviour Kasukuwere .
Officials revealed Mugabe had been trying to meet Mujuru for some time , but they had repeatedly turned them down , saying they did not want to meet them in the presence of former first lady Grace Mugabe .
Grace played a critical role in Mujuru 's ouster in 2014 , as they led a vilification campaign against the former vice-president , accusing them of corruption and plotting to topple Mugabe among other things.Grace is currently out of the country .
According to sources , Mugabe said they felt the need to apologise to Mujuru after having had time to reflect .
“ Mugabe initiated the meeting with Mugabe and during the meeting they apologised for removing them from the party for no apparent reason . The former president said the removal of Mujuru was influenced by former Zanu PF commissar Saviour Kasukuwere and President Emmerson Mnangagwa , ” an official said .
Mugabe also told Mujuru that their ouster was political and not because they did not want women to lead the party .
The former president also said they felt abandoned by some senior Zanu PF officials as they had not visited them since their ouster by the military .
“ Mugabe said they are shocked by the behaviour of senior party people that they have worked with , some as far back as the liberation struggle . They said they felt betrayed and abandoned that they did not come to visit him , ” they said .
Mujuru 's spokesperson Gift Nyandoro confirmed the meeting . “ Yes , it is true they met at the former president 's residence on Tuesday . The meeting took place after an invitation from the former head of state , ” Nyandoro said .
“ The former president was very happy to see Mai Mujuru and it was the first time they met since they were expelled from the party . They apologised for what happened but as a mother Mai Mujuru had long forgiven him . They have a forgiving heart . ”
Nyandoro said Mujuru was vindicated because at the time they were expelled they told Mugabe that the people who were hounding them were actually after him .
“ This is what eventually happened . They found the former president in good spirits and they were very happy to see her , ” they said .
Mujuru was fired from Zanu PF at the party 's congress in December 2014 .
Meanwhile , Mujuru and several of their supporters were yesterday stoned by suspected Zanu PF supporters at Chitubu Shopping Centre in Glen Norah , Harare . They were attacked while campaigning in the two suburbs . In one incident , their convoy was intercepted by commuter omnibuses carrying Zanu PF supporters , who pelted them with stones . Zimbabwe Independent
The Irish subsidiary of Sodexo , which employs more than 1,800 people , has reported a huge surge in profits on the back of increased business locally .
The outsourced food services and facilities management group recorded a 38 per cent increase in pretax profits from €2.70 million to €3.74 million for the 12 months to the end of August 2017 .
The rise in profit came after revenues rose 11.4 per cent rise in revenues from €85 million to €94.7 million .
Sodexo , which is one of the world 's biggest multinational services companies , is led locally by Margo Slattery , who was recently named one of the most powerful women in the country by WXN Ireland .
Among Sodexo Ireland 's recent wins was an integrated facililities management contract for DIT Grangegorman .
Headcount at the company rose from 1,710 to 1,866 last year with staff costs increasing to €49 million from €44 million .
The group 's parent was founded by Pierre Bellon in Marseilles , France in 1966 . It now employs nearly 420,000 people across 80 countries .
Ms Slattery was made a Chevalier of the Order De Merit by the French government last year , partly in recognition of their role in promoting diversity and inclusion in the workplace .
Photo : Michael Hurcomb / Sipa / USA / Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Post Malone is all about the children .
The “ Rockstar ” demonstrated their connection with the kids on YouTube 's program Good Mythical Morning . For the segment , the hosts set up a game in which Malone updated the kiddie classic “ Old MacDonald Had A Farm ” in the style of Atlanta rap trio Migos .
Related : Post Malone 's ‘ Rockstar ' Originally Featured Joey Bada $ $ and T-Pain : Report
“ Quavo , Offset , Takeoff , I hope I do you justice , ” Malone said as they walked over to a set featuring a baby doll in a crib . Their revised version of “ Old MacDonald ” was set to the beat of “ Bad and Boujee ” and the results need to be seen to be believed .
Watch Post Malone remix “ Old MacDonald Had a Farm ” and “ Bad and Boujee ” below :
University of Dundee is a world top 200 University , Scottish University of the year 2016 and 2017 and one of the 12 reci ...
LAGOS — PRESIDENTIAL aspirant of the Peoples Democratic Party , PDP , Dr. Tanimu Turaki , yesterday , promised to promote the creation of an additional state in the Southeast as part of their overall commitment towards restructuring .
Turaki made the promise in Lagos during an interactive session with the Lagos State chapter of the party at the state secretariat .
Speaking in response to questions by party members on their commitment to restructuring , Turaki said that “ he would promote the creation of an additional state in the Southeast as part of their overall approach to restructure the country . ”
“ I believe in restructuring whether from the perspective of federalism , devolution of power , resource control , of creation of additional states . ”
Following observation by party members that Lagos State despite having the busiest port in the country had never produced a managing director of the Nigerian Ports Authority , NPA , they promised that the next Managing Director of NPA under their administration would come from Lagos State .
While welcoming the Turaki team , Chairman of Lagos State PDP , Mr Salvador said : “ We are going to support your ambition as far as PDP Lagos is concerned . ”
A woman accused of swindling fire survivors with promises of rebuilding their homes is scheduled to be arraigned next month in Santa Barbara Superior Court .
Penny Art Estes , 63 , who operated a company called Green Building America , is accused of stealing money from 13 people in the Santa Barbara area after their homes were destroyed by wildfire , disappearing with nearly $ 5 million .
Estes was arrested on June 4 in San Bernardino County after a protracted run from law enforcement , and their bail remains at $ 2 million .
They have been assigned public defender Brian Mathis , and their arraignment has been continued until July 10 .
According to the criminal complaint filed against Estes in March , the crimes occurred between Aug. 25 , 2010 , and Sept. 30 , 2011 , and a warrant was issued for their arrest in February .
Estes 's arrest warrant was based on an investigation into their alleged defrauding of homeowners who were the victims of the Jesusita and Tea fires .
The complaint against Estes lists 24 felony counts , including diversion of construction funds , obtaining services by false pretenses , grand theft and financial elder abuse , as well as failure to file income taxes for 2009 , 2010 and 2011 .
Three of the victims were older than 65 when they signed the contracts with Estes .
In addition to multiple theft and fraud charges , Estes has been charged with a criminal enhancement of preying upon disaster victims .
According to documents asking for an arrest warrant , Estes explained to fire survivors , many times after support meetings , that their company used mold- and fire-resistant hybrid blocks in construction .
The report said various stages of work on the homes transpired , and millions of dollars were turned over to her , but at some point they became unreachable .
Ultimately , the company abandoned the projects and Estes could not be contacted .
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Toyota recalls fleet of ‘ ultimate eco-car ' fuel cell vehicles
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Thousands are turning to Kodi for their streaming of sport , TV and films .
The boxes have proved a huge hit with people desperate to watch PPV events , movies - and even the top football matches of the week , on the cheap .
But , worryingly for users , a trader is being hauled to court in a landmark case over their legality .
And many are wondering if the boxes will be legal for much longer .
It turns out there is confusion surrounding the legality of selling the devices , and it depends on how they 're used , GazetteLive reports .
Is Kodi legal now ?
It 's a big grey area .
The confusion around the legality of the boxes is so great that it could take a court case involving Middlesbrough resident Brian Thompson to help settle it .
Mr Thompson is thought to be the first man brought to court to face allegations of selling pre-loaded Kodi or Android boxes .
The boxes themselves are , effectively , legal .
But realistically , the only reason you would ever want one is it if was bought either pre-loaded or altered in order to watch PPV content .
This content can range from Sky Sports to films currently in the cinema .
That , claims prosecutors , is illegal .
So when will we know ?
Thompson entered not guilty pleas at Teesside Magistrates ' Court .
But even if they lose the trial , Brian has already said they intend to fight any decision - even hinting they could take the fight to Europe .
That could result in a lengthy court process which could drag out a definitive ruling on the devices .
So , we simply do n't know .
( Image : Martyn Landi/PA Wire )
Are there any other similar legal cases ?
One has just finished , and resulted in one man receiving a four year jail sentence for conspiracy to defraud .
In what was first to be the first sentencing of its kind , Terry O'Reilly was handed the tough term for flogging over 1,000 boxes to pubs .
The pubs used them to illegally stream Premier League football matches .
Following the result , Premier League Director of Legal Services Kevin Plumb said : “ The courts have provided a clear message : this is against the law and selling systems which allow people to watch unauthorised Premier League broadcasts is a form of mass piracy and is sufficiently serious to warrant a custodial sentence .
“ There can now be no doubt for consumers that these systems are illegal . ”
So they are no longer on-sale ?
They are indeed on-sale .
The case involving O'Reilly was for a conspiracy to defraud , a less serious charge than those Thompson is facing .
Their charges , which their solicitor claimed was under an “ unusual piece of legislation ” , see them accused of selling boxes “ adapted for the purpose of enabling or facilitating the circumvention of effective technological measures ” .
Oh , and there 's a third charge involving “ advertising a product to circumvent technological measures ” .
That case focuses specifically on selling pre-loaded boxes .
Until that , or another similar case , has gone through the courts it is likely they will still be sold on the high street .
Retail giants like Tesco and Amazon are selling similar devices , although they are n't pre-loaded .
What 's happening in the pubs ?
In October , bosses at the Navigation pub in Teeside were fined £8,000 after being caught streaming Boro matches through a Kodi box .
And in a show of support for Thompson , there is a sign up in the front window of Dr Brown 's warning that anybody who works for the FA , Sky , BT , the Premier League or its “ servants ” are pretty much barred .
It warns that anybody from those firms - who are leading the fight against pubs illegally streaming live footy - will face legal action if they set foot inside .
It states : “ Any entrance by the above will be considered as trespass and as such any information gained would be by default . ”
All of this is confusing .
Indeed it is .
But to sum up : Kodi in its unaltered form is perfectly legal , but certain add-ons do blur things .
If you 're already comfortable with watching streams on websites such as Putlocker , then using Kodi with particular add-ons is no different .
If you are n't , it 's worth steering clear of many of Kodi 's most popular extensions .
US ( AP ) — House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz wants to know more about the information security measures at Mar-a-Lago , which President Donald Trump calls the “ Winter White House . ”
The Utah Republican asked White House chief of staff Reince Priebus to describe the security protocols in place to protect sensitive information while the president is at the Palm Beach , Florida , resort that they own and has visited two weekends in a row .
Chaffetz 's letter to Priebus , dated Tuesday , comes after weekend news reports described a powwow between Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe after North Korea launched a missile . The leaders were at a terrace restaurant that was in full view – and earshot – of Mar-a-Lago members .
Chaffetz also asks Priebus for an “ explanation about whether and how the guests , employees , and residents at Mar-a-Lago are vetted in order to ensure that they are not foreign agents or spies on behalf of a foreign government . ”
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer on Tuesday reiterated that Trump did not receive or review any classified material at the dinner table .
Frank Lampard has been named as the new manager of Derby County Football Club on a three year contract .
Lampard , 39 , having won all major trophies in club football , brings a wealth of knowledge and experience of the game , winning 106 caps for England and working with some of the best club managers during a glittering 21-year playing career .
Lampard said : “ I 'm excited to be making my first move into management with a club with such huge tradition and history .
“ I have spent considerable time discussing the role and the club 's objectives with the Chairman Mel Morris CBE and the board .
“ We want to build on the club 's top six finish in the Championship last season , while at the same time bringing through some of the excellent youth and Academy talent we have at Pride Park .
“ This is my first job as a manager but I 've been working towards this for a long time . I 've worked closely with some of the best coaches in the game and I 'm confident in my own abilities and those of the team around me .
“ I know it wo n't be easy – managing a football team never is – but I 'm here to work hard . I 'm really looking forward to getting started and to the challenge ahead . ”
Derby County Executive Chairman Mel Morris CBE added : “ I 'm delighted to have someone of Frank 's calibre as our new manager .
“ I 've always been an admirer of Frank both as a player and a person , especially in the way they conduct themselves both on and off the pitch .
“ That impression was only re-enforced when we interviewed them for this role - their passion and humility shone through in equal measure . The board were unanimous that they were the stand-out applicant with many highly desirable and unique capabilities .
“ Few players have achieved what Frank has in their career to date . He 's a winner , a leader who knows what it takes to succeed and who has the character and charisma to be a fantastic manager for us . ”
Sheryl Crow has unveiled their poignant new video for “ The Dreaming Kind , ” which the singer penned to commemorate the fifth anniversary of the tragic Sandy Hook shooting .
“ The tragedy in Newtown 5 years ago and the countless lives lost in mass shootings since have weighed heavily on my heart , ” Crow wrote of
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : See Sheryl Crow 's Video for Sandy Hook Tribute ‘ The Dreaming Kind '
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
Ulises Ricoy , PhD , Chair of Department of Biology , Chemistry and Environmental Science at Northern New Mexico College , shares their expertise on neuroscience and its relation to addiction .
Aired January 1 , 2017
Strangely enough Chris Froome has n't yet blocked me on Twitter so I was free to follow their feeds during the week . There , on top of some pretty video footage of them training flat out in South Africa , Froome described as “ completely untrue ” a report that Team Sky were looking to negotiate a reduced ban following their positive test for salbutamol during last year 's Vuelta a España .
Fake news , or alternative facts – depending on how you interpret these things .
The report appeared in that old stable of Italian newspapers Corriere Della Sera , which claimed Froome was ready to admit negligence in the case , and that their wife Michelle had hired a mediator to negotiate a reduced ban with the Union Cycliste Internationale .
Completely untrue , depending on who exactly you believe .
Froome was n't so quick to deny a report last month in the French newspaper L'Equipe which claimed Team Sky were considering a legal defence to explain their positive test for salbutamol was the result of some sort of kidney failure .
According to L'Equipe , Sky 's lawyers will argue that Froome 's kidney 's malfunctioned during stage 18 of the Vuelta , back on September 7th , retaining all the salbutamol he 'd inhaled as part of their asthma medication , then releasing it all in one go – thus explaining why their urine contained twice the allowed amount . That by the way is set at 1,000 ng/ml ; Froome , give or take a bit for generalisation , had 2000 ng/ml in their urine after stage 18 . On the stage before , and the stage after , their levels were grand .
Now you do n't need an Ivy League degree in biology to understand that kidneys do n't normally malfunction like that – especially not a professional cyclist riding for the self-proclaimed cleanest and best medicated team in the peloton .
Kidney excuse
This malfunctioning kidney excuse is entirely fitting with the vast majority of positives tests in cycling in recent years – including the “ vanishing twin ” ( Tyler Hamilton ) , the “ pigeon pie ” ( Adri van der Poel ) , the “ poppy seed muffin ” ( Alexi Grewal ) , the “ too much whiskey ” ( Floyd Landis ) and the “ EPO-stained handlebar tape ” ( okay , I made up that one ) .
One consistency in these excuses is they all turned out to be both fake news and alternative facts . Froome may well come up with some elaborate theory as to why their kidneys malfunctioned on that particular stage , possibly even overriding the most likely reason of all : that they took an oral dose of salbutamol , banned under the Wada code .
What is certain is that neither Sky 's lawyers ( paid by the hour remember ) nor Froome themselves are in any rush to conclude this case . Because salbutamol is a specified substance , permitted under certain threshold levels and also with a Therapeutic Use Exemption , it does n't result in any provisional suspension , but is all pending on the outcome of the case .
Compare this , by the way , to Irish amateur boxer Michael O'Reilly – still in suspended limbo over a year and a half after their positive doping test at the Rio Olympics . At this rate , that might well drag on to Tokyo 2020 .
Froome has reportedly agreed a €1.4 million appearance fee to ride the Giro d'Italia in May , before looking to win their fifth Tour de France in six years . It 's actually in their best interest to drag on this case as long as possible , so that even if they are eventually suspended , it will have minimum impact of their earnings . All of which adds to the already sad and dispiriting message : what 's a positive doping test these days when you can easily talk or else lie your way out of it ?
The latter has to be the case for the 28 Russian Winter Olympians who this week had their life bans overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( Cas ) . Originally found guilty of doping offences at Sochi 2014 , on the back of that shocking testimony of Grigory Rodchenkov , the former head of Moscow 's anti-doping lab , and reinforced by pages of documents and other whistleblowers , this should have been black and white , given the entire Russian federation were also originally banned from Pyeongchang , where the 2018 Winter Olympics get under way next Friday .
Dismissed
They did n't even bother with an excuse – simply claimed there was n't sufficient evidence to ban them individually . Someone is obviously not telling the truth , and therein lies part of the problem .
Worse still when it comes to the excuses , sex typically works as well as any lies . Just last week , US sprinter Gil Roberts , who won 4x400m relay gold in Rio , had their potential four-year ban dismissed by Cas after they claimed their positive test for the banned masking agent probenecid was the result of kissing their girlfriend , who at the time was taking sinus medication .
Testifying at Roberts 's arbitration hearing was Dr Pascal Kintz , a professor at the University of Strasbourg , who also figured into the first precedent-setting kissing case : in 2009 , French tennis player Richard Gasquet was also cleared of a positive test for cocaine after convincing an ITF anti-doping tribunal he 'd ingested it while kissing a woman in a Miami nightclub the night before .
Setting the trend here was US sprinter Dennis Mitchell , who back in 1998 tested positive for testosterone , their defence being they drank five bottles of beer and had sex with their wife at least four times . That excuse was accepted by US Track and Field , though the IAAF banned them for two years .
It 's clearly still worth a go : Canada 's 2015 World pole vault champion Shawn Barber was also cleared to compete in Rio despite testing positive for cocaine at the Canadian trials , claiming it was “ inadvertently ingested ” during a sexual encounter with a woman they met via an online personals site . Barber by the way has since come out as gay .
The College of Southern Nevada is hosting a science and tech expo . ( Mike Doria/FOX5 )
If you 're looking for a way to geek out on simulations , planetarium shows and gross , cool dead stuff the College of Southern Nevada is your place .
The school is holding its 15th annual Science and Technology Expo Friday .
An estimated 2,000 Clark County School District students will attend from schools across the valley . The public is also invited to this free , fun event .
The expo promotes science , technology , engineering , and mathematics or STEM programs that help prepare students for careers in these exciting and complicated fields .
CSN and many community partners from industry and academia offer this opportunity to spark students ' interest in scientific and technological professions . These children are part of the generation that could discover breakthrough medical treatments , launch the next world-changing tech companies , or even change the way we live our daily lives .
Exhibits and demonstrations include :
Aviation simulator demo
Chemistry magic show
Apprenticeship exhibits
Planetarium shows
Creepy crawlers
Gross , cool dead stuff
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
At each monthly meeting , the City of Santa Barbara Parks and Recreation Commission recognizes community organization and individuals who have supported projects and programs of the Parks & Recreation Department with their time , treasure and/or talents .
Last Wednesday , the commission recognized two efforts : the Rotary Club of Santa Barbara Sunrise for its financial support of the operation of the West Beach Wading Pool , and Shalhoob Meat Company for its support of the Santa Barbara Youth Council 's end-of-year dinner and for its past support of other youth events .
The Rotary Club of Santa Barbara Sunrise provided a grant of $ 2,500 for the second straight year to support the opening of the West Beach Wading pool during the busy summer months . The wading pool was targeted for closure because of budget reductions by the Parks & Recreation Department . The club 's generous support provided an opportunity for staff to work with the Santa Barbara Unified School District Early Education Program to match these funds , so they could send participants from their school-based programs to the West Beach Wading Pool twice a week for the entire month of July .
Because of the grant received from the Rotary Club of Santa Barbara Sunrise , 1,700 youths ages 6 months to 7 years old had an opportunity to use the West Beach Wading Pool for free while further developing their swimming skills in a fun and safe environment .
The Parks & Recreation Department and the commission recognized the Rotary Club of Santa Barbara Sunrise for their continued support of youth programs in the community .
Each year , the Santa Barbara Youth Council ( teens ages 13 to 18 who serve as an advisory board to the mayor , City Council and the Parks and Recreation Commission ) holds an end-of-year event to recognize the accomplishments and successes of the past year , and reflect on goals and objectives for the coming year . This event is usually a potluck dinner . This year , however , the Youth Council was given a generous donation from Shalhoob Meat Company to provide the dinner .
Shalhoob Meat Company is known for its generosity to the community , especially for events supporting youths . The parks department and commission recognized the community spirit always exhibited by the Shalhoob Meat Company , and thanked it for its generous support of the Santa Barbara Youth Council 's end-of-year dinner .
— Kathleen Sullivan is a marketing coordinator for the City of Santa Barbara Parks & Recreation Department .
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Cooking Oil Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ” . The Report Covers Industry Trends , Statistic , Segmentation , Growth , Market Share , Revenue , Leading Players , Region , Types and Application .
Download Free Sample report @ https : //www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143457/request-sample
Cooking Oil market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits . The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market .
The report includes the forecasts , analysis and discussion of important industry trends , market size , market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players .
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research , the report Global Cooking Oil Industry delivers valuable market insights . The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts . The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Cooking Oil industry .
The reports include market drivers , restraints , challenges , opportunities , investment potential , leading technologies , future roadmap , player profile , regulatory ecosystem , and strategies . The report also delivers market size forecasts for Cooking Oil Industry . The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Cooking Oil market . This report comes with several charts , graphs , and graphics to make it an interesting read .
Access full report @ https : //www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-cooking-oil-market-professional-survey-report-2017-143457.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis , application segment analysis and regional segment analysis . Geographically , the global Cooking Oil market is designed for the following regional markets :
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Cooking Oil market in the USA , Europe , Japan , China , India and South East Asia .
This report includes industry definitions and types , regions , Cooking Oil industry analysis like industry revenue , growth rate and price analysis , market share by players and regions , supply chain analysis , various company profiles , globalization and trade inclusive of business locations , supply channels , marketing strategy and barriers to entry , Import , Export , Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries .
Thus , the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Cooking Oil market , offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022 , keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
More than half of young drivers are willing to use the illegal practice of fronting to save money on car insurance , according to recent research .
Fronting occurs when a driver chooses to cut the costs of another driver 's car insurance - often their son or daughter .
A driver does this by declaring themselves as the main driver in their place .
Typically , the process is used by mums and dads , who have a car each , who buy their newly qualified son or daughter their first vehicle , but take out the policy in one of their names .
But why do people do it ? What are the advantages ? Here is all you need to know :
Why do people front ?
Put simply : to save money .
As we all know , younger drivers and other high risk drivers often pay a lot more for their car insurance than older or lower risk drivers .
This is because of a higher claims ratio and higher claims cost .
And , as a result of this disparity , some people try and reduce those costs by fraudulently setting up their policies in the name of an older or lower risk driver .
That way , they can save money and make their pennies stretch further .
Can it get you in trouble ?
It all seems rather cheeky , does n't it ?
Well , actually , it 's fraud - and it can land you in hot water .
ActionFraud describe it as a type of insurance fraud and note those caught doing it could face prosecution for fraud and could even result in a criminal record .
Why is it so rife ?
In a Gocompare.com survey , 49 % of people thought that premiums for young drivers were a 'rip-off ' and 38 % said that high prices were pushing motorists in this group to hit the road without insurance .
`` Insurance premiums for new , inexperienced drivers can seem high and people are often surprised at how much they are compared to the value of the car they 're insuring , '' said Gocompare.com 's Matt Oliver .
`` However , for insurers the cost of replacing the car is small compared to the potential cost of other elements of claims involving young drivers , such as personal injury claims for passengers and injuries and damage caused to third parties and their vehicles .
`` Unfortunately drivers aged 17-to-20 are twice as likely to make an insurance claim as other drivers and their claims costs will be three times higher .
`` Although it 's understandable that a parent would want to help their child with the cost of getting on the road , insurance fraud is not the best option .
`` Insurers look closely at their customers when they make a claim and there 's a good chance that any 'fronting ' will be uncovered if parents do have to claim on the policy .
`` If found out the policy may be invalid and the child may find themselves liable for all of the accident costs and the parent may find themselves in court and unable to get insurance in the future . ''
What if I take the risk and get caught ?
Making a claim on a fronted policy could result in your claim being rejected .
Though your insurer would legally have to pay out for any third parties involved it could refuse to pay out for your costs , whether that 's damage to the car or injury costs .
That 's not to mention the fact fronting is a type of insurance fraud which is illegal and means you or the main user of the car could find yourselves in court .
A criminal conviction could affect applications for all types of insurance and any future credit applications you may submit .
How can I get cheaper insurance ?
If you 're looking for an insurance policy for the first time , you want to beat your renewal quote , you 're searching for the right financial product , or you 're after a great travel or utility deal , Gocompare.com are here to help .
Gocompare.com works with trusted insurance providers , financial services organisations and partners to provide a real breadth of coverage across the marketplace .
HOUSTON COUNTY , Georgia ( 41NBC/WMGT ) – Students at a middle school in Houston County are showcasing their talent and becoming more comfortable being who they are .
Students are part of the “ drama club ” which lets them hang out friends , have some fun and display their character .
“ It 's not just a club , it 's a family , ” says sixth grader Ashton Harden . Harden played a lead role in a musical . They say being part of the club allows them to show what they love to do .
“ I love to sing , act and dance . Many people say I 'm a triple threat so that 's how I get to express myself , ” they explain .
Each year the students do a spring musical.They are given scripts they have to memorize then they can add their own twist to the script where they can express themselves through music and dance .
Drama club student Trey Thompson says , “ If we 're goofy , like me sometimes I 'll just express myself too much that I might sometimes get in trouble but we accept each other how we are , we love each other . That 's what makes us look forward to that . ”
Teachers say the club boosts students ' confidence and helps them understand it 's okay to be themselves .
Drama Director Kristi Slavik-Pike says , “ Kids are bullied , kids are picked on . When kids are themselves in class , they 're scared to be because they 're scared of being picked on , they 're scared to be laughed at and what 's going to be said to them . In drama , they learn that it 's okay to be unique . They learn to express themselves and to be who GOD created them to be . ”
Drama student Allison Alday adds , “ We accept everyone that comes in does n't matter what they look like , it 's just one big family . ”
“ When I first joined drama club , I probably was one of the most immature kids here . I was always getting on to from Mrs.Pike . Now I only get on to a couple of times from them and I got a whole lot mature , I 'm not as nearly as misbehaving as I used to be , ” drama student Jaren Zimmerman continues .
Eighth grader Yahzmein Aldarez says , ” If I 've never been in drama , I would be this shy , quiet kid that would just .. I would just be shy and quiet . ”
Drama director Kristi Pike says most of the productions remind them of college and high school productions .
They add the school has had the drama club for about 15 years .
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Drive Shafts Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report GKN PLC , American Axle Manufacturing Inc. , Dana Incorporated , Nexteer Automotive , Xuchang Guangdong Driveshaft Co. , Ltd. , Neapco Holdings , LLC , The Timken Company , Wangxiang Qianchao Co. , Ltd. , Yamada , Meritor .
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Drive Shafts market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Drive Shafts report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-drive-shafts-market/5908/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Automotive Drive Shafts Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Hotchkiss Drive Shaft , Flexible Drive Shaft , Torque Tube Drive Shaft , Others .
Automotive Drive Shafts Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Passenger Cars , Light Commercial Vehicles , Heavy Commercial Vehicles , Others .
Key points in the Automotive Drive Shafts Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-drive-shafts-market/5908/ # inquiry
From all of this Automotive Drive Shafts market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Drive Shafts market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Automotive Drive Shafts distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
